0	Yeah... except the kind of people who attack men for having "privilege" refuse to be pragmatic about it. I could say exactly the same thing about the supposed "wage gap" being down to personal choices, but nobody who makes the "77 cents" claim (including the president) is willing to be pragmatic.
1	its not even a nerf really. Yes she's getting a nerf on her base damage done on her fox fire and ulti, however shes getting a buff in the ratio amount of damage done per AP. So what this means is that her early game is going to be a tad more difficult, and her late game is going to hit harder.
0	I'm going to give you actual advice for this. Do not be ashamed of getting yourself some Rogaine, and if that fails, a really nice hair piece. Hair loss causes serious depression in men and is not a laughing matter as much as society likes to think it is.   A lot of the generation before mine in the family went bald, and only one of them did something other than shave their heads, and I assure you that man is rockin' life in general (and married to a woman 20 years younger than him). He had one of those hair pieces made out of real hair (he's bald at the top) and it matches his actual hair. Anyway, nobody outside of close friends/family even knows he has one and he's remained confident and happy with it, and obviously nobody looks down on it.
1	Yes, you can only see 60 frames per second. But the point is that your pc can render in more pictures/second, which will even visually give you a smoother experience. It is comparable to pictures, which are made with at least 3 megapixel, and although your pc cannot show it, one with more pixel will look a bit nicer, just because the camera can get more details, where the pc can "chose" from.   Let me visualize it. With 60 fps it would look like this:   |_~-+*"|_~-+*"|_~-+*"|_~-+*"|_~-+*"|_~-+*"| (image creation, from bottom to top)   |-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------| (sampling rate)   With 90 fps it would look like this:   |_~-"|_~-"|_~-"|_~-"|_~-"|_~-"|_~-"|_~-"|_~-"| (image creation faster than at 60 fps)   |_------|_------|_------|_------|_------|_------|        (needed the _ for fitting; you see that the parts _~   |xx -"_~|xx -"_~|xx -"_~|xx -"_~|xx -"_~|xx -"_~|        are made new before the image was displayed on screen, and   at all your whole image is build in a shorter time. The xx means, the created image is additional work for the pc which will not be displayed)   Although you dont see all pictures, with 90fps you would be closer to what is happening in real time, because you have a higher resolution of the things the server is calculating.
0	Engineering Student here.   I agree almost 100%. A majority of my peers are terrible writers and seem not to care in the slightest. It's troubling to me that they don't understand the importance of being able to write well and that their lack of this skill could, and probably will, negatively impact their futures. With the role technology is developing in our social and work life it’s important to remember that while excelling in face-to-face discourse may be a valuable skill, it is becoming less and less the mode through which business is conducted in the modern day. The modern engineer is spending less and less time in the field and needs to have quality writing skills to be able to convey information and instructions to those actually doing the work in the field. These peers of mine are not going to be people I want to work with in my professional career!
0	I hate that this myth is so pervasive and persistent in our culture. Exercise doesn't magically negate the effects of poisoning your body. You might look healthy on the outside, but you are still killing yourself. Most people understand that you can't just exercise to counteract the effects of smoking. No one would say, "You just consumed arsenic? You better go for a run!" Why do people, then, think it is different when it comes to alcohol and crappy food?
1	Game 3:   CW:   Youngbuck(MVP) shows why renekton is banned against him,even though kubon kept with cs he had way better initiations,he was man-handling 4 people easily and noone could stop him.Amazing was again really good,i like cowtard a lot more on ziggs(that swag escape+hook dodge at red bot-side tri-bush),Forg1ven even though he had a disadvantage in lane he kept up in cs and he had only 1 death.Unlimited had a bad early game,he got caught 2 times and the zyra pick hasnt conviced me yet.In the end CW had control of the match,even though they got aced at the end they were so far ahead that they didnt care.   MYM:   Libik yet again was good,he gave 2 kills on Makler with his great initiation(laning phase) but when his team fell behind he didnt have much impact,I like Mokatte's effort to play strong junglers(eve,lee) but he is just not good with them,Kubon kept up in cs but he was getting bullied by renekton and in the end he wasnt impactful as well,Czaru had really good shockwaves(aside from two) but his team didnt follow them up properly and they didnt have the damage to be effective.Makler even though he had a 2/0 with sivir(the strongest marksman in this patch)he was bad yet again.Overall MYM kept up in gold untill the point where they went dragon,CW smartly pushed mid and MYM had a really bad teamfight which gave CW the inhibitor.
0	Even though a number of folks have said it, this will not work.   Believe me, or not, but I'm a mech engineer in process control industry.   CO2 in a coke is a 2-phase equalibralized  mix under pressure.  When you pop the top, the solution undergoes 'outgassing' (actual term) to its new saturation levels.  CO2 will continue before and after the cap is replaced to leach out of solution until it reaches its new equalibrium.  This will be at a slightly higher than atmospheric pressure as a gas in liquid solution has less partial pressure than gas in a gaseous solution or environment.
0	I feel like people who aren't teachers have improper perspective on the job itself. Where as people who are teachers have a "holier than thou" attitude. (Soley based on these posts).   I myself am a high school teacher. Graduated 3rd (of 115) from my high school and was on the dean's list throughout 4 years while pursuing a BSc (double major in Biology and Psychology,  minor in Earth Science). I'd like to think I am a relatively intellegent person, who went on to become a teacher.   That being said, I agree that teaching isnt the toughest job in the world. My wife is an ICU Nurse...and I'd never be able to deal with the shit she does (ie. Shift work and people who could die at the drop of a hat). However,  as she has informed me, she'd never want to do what I do. Stand onfront of (on average) 120 15-17 year old kids and try to teach them things, prepare lessons that are engaging as well ad informative,  handle classroom management (such as that ine kid who just jumped out a window...or that other kid that just full on bitch smacked another kid). My point is ever job has its difficulties and its easy portions, however until you have 1st hand experience (such that you have got the training, degrees, and job) don't knock it based on preconceived notions and shit experiences you've had with someone who was clearly not good at their job.   For me to get my current postion, I underwent an interview that 14 other applicants also took...but I managed to come out on top. This was after applying for a total of 12 other positions that individuals more experienced than myself recieved. Yes it's true that places are crying for teachers...but the government isn't putting money into education departments to allow for them to come in.
0	As a straight white male, my opinion on social justice matters a little less than those seeking it. Anyway, calling it 'reverse racism' (or whatever label you want to put on you're comment) is kinda ridiculous if you think about because, first, you're adopting the language of the civil rights movement to silence the arguments and, second, this 'reverse racism' really doesn't have much of an affect on you other than challenging your otherwise unchallenged world view and, thus, making you kinda uncomfortable. Really not comparable to the results of the racism, sexism, homophobia as practiced by straight white males.
0	To be fair, Legend of Korra was originally only ever going to be 12 episodes, so they worked on a story that could get resolved in 12 episodes. And then when they were putting it together, Nickelodeon went "Yeah, we'd like to order more episodes." So they starte work on Book 2, and while Book 1 was airing, Nick ordered two more books.
1	Meh. I wouldn't call that special treatment. They're stating facts and asking sponsors to support their team.  If they're bad, they won't get sponsored. Hell, a sponsor may not even want to sponsor them because of they're team name. However it's nice to see other gay gamers playing League who isn't Sky. (Nothing against Sky, love him!)   And honestly, if you really didn't care about their sexual orientation you wouldn't of commented about their sexual orientation and how it's "magically" getting them special treatment. Because we all know how warm and accepting the gaming community is of women and gays.
1	Son of a bitch, I had such a big post written and then I hit the page back on the mouse. Ugh   Well, I came up with my zinger after writing the huge post, so whatever.   The same exact issues we are having in NA happened earlier in EUW, until they built a new datacenter. Now problems on EUW are exceedingly rare, and is probably the most stable server right now. My personal theory is that when expanding (as I'm sure Riot didn't start out with the capacity to hold this many users), they've been taking shortcuts, leading to the issues we are now experiencing. Or, to be honest, it might just be impossible to efficiently expand an existing datacenter for something like this. Either way, building a new datacenter fixed the issue for EUW, so they should do the same here. Which brings up the question of why they didn't earlier, if they knew this would occur.   But yea,
0	Not going to lie, I was convinced to watch it and it was hard at first. Season 1 and 2 are  very  underwhelming. They were OK to watch but totally not what I expected and not that entertaining. Then I started season 3 and it was a whole new ball game. Really, really, REALLY good. Season 4 and 5 are probably the best which is unusual because most shows are usually better in the earlier seasons.
1	I think the game is getting stale because everything is getting normalized and nerfed, and there aren't very many new champions coming in to shake things up. No one quibbled over tiny statistical advantages back when there was a new champion every month. You can say Riot has higher quality standards to adhere to now, and that's true, but it needs to be balanced against the quality of the state of the game as a whole as well. League was always about the crazy new thing, but now the sprint has slowed to a plod and all these problems are showing themselves more. Those problems were always there, and I think they might be baked into the DNA of the game itself, but we didn't have to think about them because there was always the new hotness to look at.
1	TF is actually great on Mega as well.  That extra MS is really helpful because of how slow he is.  It also makes his Auto weaving between stuns incredibly powerful as well since Mega form has high base damage.   Brutalizer is really useful in both forms, but the biggest value in it is the fact of how cheap it is.  You only pay like 1337 or so for additional damage + penetration + CDR.  Gnar just loves those stats and for how cheap it is compared to TF is just huge.
1	I don't see why you think you didn't deserve it. You claim to only say idiot, but you obviously said more if you got banned for, not mentioning previous games. I get angry and flame every once in a while, saying worse than "idiot", but have never been banned. You obviously deserved it.
1	Lee Sin would definitely be your best bet ;D He's an assassin with nice range, can carry, can slow and reduce attack speed to RAPE AD carries, he's extremely mobile, and can shield from ignites, damage, poison, etc. His lifesteal lets him stay in the jungle for quite a while, he can counter jungle. You can get an early dragon and ward jump out.   He's my favorite team fighter, because he can just get in there and do a crapton of burst, and his passive gives him 50% more attack speed whenever you use a skill. It procs very often if you build a bit of CDR and rapes with a sheen/trinity. You can build him tanky and initiate or terminate a fight with his ultimate. His ult does CRAZY damage because of the 200% bonus AD ratio and high base damage. If you see a bunch of the enemy team in a line, you can just kick them all and you'll basically stun them all and be able to pick them off one by one.   I tried jungle Nocturne, and it'd definitely fun with his ult, but I feel less mobile with Nocturne. I wind up sucking as Noct if I can't get some early ganks, but with Lee Sin I feel like I can pick up my game if I don't get one.   Jungle Trundle has a pretty sick gank and I would place him 2nd or 3rd. That slow thingy is pretty nice, but I mean, Lee Sin also has an aoe slow that reduces attack speed as well.   I wouldn't jungle GP. He's not the best at ganking, but jungling is always a nice way to get some gold and xp without dying in the lane as a squishy carry.
1	No. Richard Lewis isn't sitting back saying Riot should let him release their information. It's not about who  should  release it first. Obviously in a perfect world riot would release their own info first.   This was a  leak ... And so your comment isn't what the tweet is about.   PS yes Richard should have expected riot to this way. Not picking sides just clarifying that Lewis isn't claiming authority over releasing riot internal news   Edit: someone else summarized this well   When I look at the comments, I realize how hard it's for some people to understand English.   &amp;nbsp;   >Richard grudgingly agreed to hold off until after IEM   Riot worked out a deal with him not to release the story until IEM.   >With that in mind, we'd like to revert to the original plan of sharing the news tomorrow.   Revert to the original plan: Fuck him and the deal.   &amp;nbsp;   That's ideally not how you want to work with journalists. It shows that Riot doesn't even feel any remorse breaking an agreement. I can understand Richard's anger since breaking a story is the job of a journalist. Of course Riot has no whatsoever obligation to uphold their word, but from an ethical standpoint it's just bad behavior.
0	I am a white girl.  I got an $8k scholarship for academic merit and some Pell grants to go to college because my family was kind of poor.  People who bitch about how "minorities get in so easy and I'm fucked" just want an easy scapegoat.  I got into a well-ranked private school and actually paid less money to go there than public university.  Know why?  Private colleges have more grant money to give out.  I picked my college because they did need-blind admissions - they admitted you based on merit, then whatever your income, they will give you a package of grants+loans to cover it.  I was from a lower middle class family.  I thought public university would be cheapest but I was wrong.  Do your homework.   Now here are some problems with how people look at affirmative action.  Anybody nonwhite/non-Asian does not just get handed admission plus scholarship to whatever school they want.  You still have to have commensurate grades and such, depending on what kind of school you want to go to.  If you think anybody black can just apply to Harvard with a transcript full of D's, you are wrong.   Yes, minorities are sometimes admitted with lower scores than a white person who also applied.  A college will also accept lower scores football players, class presidents, first chair trombones, whatever over Joe Schmoe who had a 4.0 but wasn't as interesting.  I know you are going to say "but those people have skills they worked for, minorities were just born that way".  Tough shit.  Colleges want to create a diverse student body, which is defined by not just personal skills but also life experiences.  People from the inner city are overwhelmingly minorities and overwhelmingly have less access to a strong education that would give them better SAT scores.  Colleges don't just want whoever got the top 1000 SAT scores, they want variety of talents and experiences.   Also, most colleges are still nowhere near the actual demographics of minorities in the US in their student body, so clearly white people are still getting into college no problem.   Also, there are plenty of GLBT scholarships that nobody ever seems to complain about.  Why is it OK to hate on minority scholarships because "they were just born not white" but GLBT scholarships are OK?  People also generally don't complain about "legacy admissions" even though those students didn't do anything to deserve it.   Also, the FAFSA.  I have no contact with one parent and had to jump through a million hoops to not provide or have them count their income.  But I did it.  If you are not willing to do the work then blame your lazy ass or your parents for not helping you out.  There are ways to do it.  You can even declare yourself independent from your parents, but then you actually have to provide for yourself 100%.  So you can't live with your parents and then complain that the government won't give you money as if you were living on your own.
1	I wouldn't lie to you guys. Irelia is a bruiser that have terrible scaling, but amazing base stats. That makes her good with tanky items which have been nerfed. Most of the other top laners have really good scaling and since AD was buffed + a lot more AD bruiser items that will always indirectly nerf her.
1	As for kat: Easily countered with any kind of CC/Silence.   Basically when someone with brain will use CC on katarina she will most likely die, (Imo. this happens rarely in bronze-gold, cause it's better to CC enemy adc/toplaner/juggler or even support (why? Idk... seems like a new trend in gold elo) and then cry how OP kata is, Rite?)
0	All these people posting pics of their slight thinning around their mid twenties, fuck you. I began losing when I was 12. By the time I was 15 I looked like Prince William. At 18 my hairline was practically gone. High school was hell. Sucks to constantly be paranoid about people sitting behind you and staring at your bald spots. I'm 21 now and just starting to accept it. I kept my head shaved for a few months but I kept feeling like an outcast. I would look around and see all these people my age with full heads of hair and I would get angry and depressed. It doesn't help that before it started I had long thick curly hair that so many girls would fawn over (unfortunately I didn't get the chance to use it to pick up chicks). Like I said, I'm starting to accept it and become comfortable with it. I'm letting what I have grow out just to see how it's progressed. I have a girlfriend who loves me so I don't feel the need to impress anyone, but it sucks being in your early 20s and feeling and looking like someone in their late 40s. I've been using rogaine on and off but it's never had a satisfactory result. I'm using it again now, in hopes that I might get some confidence back. Like I said, I'm thankful for having a girlfriend who loves me and my shitty hairline, but it does suck not feeling attractive to anyone.   Side note to those who have friends who are losing their hair: unless they themselves joke about it, don't tease them. I was literally driven to tears growing up, with the teasing I got in school. Just be considerate is all I ask.
1	Please don't post
1	You haven't seen the influx of lanewicks running that exact same build? It's everywhere. Sure in normals you'll see all kinds of retarded shit, that's not surprising. Your post doesn't impact me in any way, you just come off as wanting your ego stroked. Maybe you really didn't know this was a popular build. To me it's like seeing a thread about how good someone is with AP alistar or gragas after shushei won DH with those builds. Congrats?
0	That was always a fear of mine, but then again, what if that was someone's bday? New years people have it so much easier when typing in age verification...
1	I was in champ select and 2 of our players argued over jungle. I wanted to AD carry but got stuck with mid, so i just went ziggz in case i do horrible. So as soon as we join the game, our jungle (which was last pick but other player was nice enough to give him jungle) afk'd because he didn't want the sympathy of giving a role?? it was stupid i know... but anyway, this was my promos to gold 3, last game to make it   Laning phase was fine, i managed to get a double kill because of a failed gank, i was vs'ing orianna in lane, Our bot lane did well too and our top was irellia and she was so fed. She ended up 1v5 under 2 towers, and she got a penta... anyway we kept pushing but the strain of having 4 players was getting to us. But eventually we kept pushing and killing and pushing. every time they came back up to defend we just killed them. It was amazing because no one was toxic and we were all patting each others backs.   Win promos and to my surprise i skipped divisions to Gold II :D
1	That is a huge investment. Between servers, paying to go to tournaments, paying people to run your site(because you can not create a site and practice League[solomid has like 5 people hired to work full time on their site]).   People watch Bob because he is a laid back guy with good music and he does things for his fans that a lot of other streamers don't. If Bob was to completely change that he would probably do worse.   Also just because a team does well in tournaments does not mean they get many viewers. Look at most of the fnatic guys except sushei and xpeke on a good day. Look at Nhat. Look at any person for Sypher. Look at SYDTKO. there are many teams that do well at tournaments etc but don't get a lot of viewers   The main reason solomid has a lot of viewers is because of the gaming house, their crazy antics and because solomid is a very large site that a ton of people go to for guides and streams etc.
1	Your questions are skewed toward a particular set of responses. I tried filling it out, but as someone who has very consistent moderate ping, a lot of the questions don't make a whole lot of sense and are hard to answer.
0	See, one thing you learn in life is that not everyone owns a man-portable hypervelocity projectile launcher.
0	I feel like most people are somehow worse at walking than they are at driving, so I no longer worry about knocking someone into the door frame if they try to sneak in before me while I'm not holding the door open for them.   The people who really bother me are the ones who don't walk on the right side of a walkway when everyone else is and go then try to walk into the door that everyone is going out of. I had one girl start swearing at me when she tried to push past me through a door in such a situation while I was carrying a 30 lb backpack and outweighed her by around 70 lbs as a result. She hit the door frame really hard, and it probably really hurt, but I'm not sure exactly what she thought was going to happen.
1	League is a game of opportunity. I shouldn't be 'punished' just because that player is DC'd.   For example, what if that player was overextended in my lane and my jungler just came to the lane for a gank. For this example let's also just say the overextended had already blown flash and just used their dash.   Now this is an example of a sure-kill. There is no chance that they would escape from this, dc or no dc. If they dc'd why would you not kill them?   I realize that this is an extreme example which would fit only a small selection of DC cases.   My point here is that why should the player with a stable connection be punished with a lack of opportunity just because the individual with the unstable connection just DC'd.
0	Reddit's obsession with the idea of reverse racism is depthless, callow and I find it really troubling. There is a big difference between racism and institutionalized racism. For example, everyone has a Grandma that gets into the Chardonnay and says offensive things that were acceptable 3 decades ago (I had a black grandma and a white grandma). [That is very different than the NYPD making no secrete about their policy to stop and frisk male African Americans in a certain age group, basically for profit](   I can appreciate the frustration of being sterotyped or lumped into something based on race, and bitching about it is a natural reaction.  So yes, it isn't fair that a person with worse grades and the same socio-economic status gets your spot at a University based on skin color. Or that you should have to be looked at with suspicion and accused of being a racist because you are black,white,or whatever. Yes, these are forms of inequality and injustice. But there are things that exist which are orders of magnitude worse and much less obvious.   I can understand that if you are white and in your 20's you had nothing to do with slavery, segregation, the trail of tears, denial of civil rights, the Zoot Suit Riots or the Iran-Contra scandal and you don't want to be held responsible and you shouldn't. Those things I mentioned happened [as recently as 20 years ago and the effects have shaped the structure of our society into something it shouldn't be]( Nobody want to hear that, or be blamed for it or pay to fix it, but it is true. The truth is we all pay for it in some way or another.   Just remember that if you see a line drawn in the sand and two groups of stupid people shouting things across that line, you don't need to pick a side of the argument. Just head over to /r/circlejerk where they point and laugh at the whole thing.
1	Honestly, I feel the general opinion that a 'coach' is needed in this game is extremely bizarre.   If we have the same expectations for a coach in League as we have in other professional sports, what do we believe they will bring to the table?  I may be way off, by my observation is that a coach primarily brings decades of experience to a team, along with several other ancillary skillsets: player acquisition, handing the daily roster issues (injuries, illnesses, players becoming better or worse over other options), budget, playbooks, et cetera.   Which of those would apply to a League of Legends coach?  Most professional players are on the same footing as far as experience goes, as the game has only been out 3 years.  There are no daily roster changes to be made - each team's roster is a set five players, with maybe an alternate for DIRE situations.  Playbooks are something, League-wise, that need to be handled on the fly in champ select - and as far as I know, a coach is not allowed in those conversations.  Salaries and budgeting - sure, but most of the posts I'm reading aren't "TSM can't manage their money," so I'm not sure that's applicable.   So what do people expect a 'coach' to bring to a team?  Emotional maturity?  If so, who on earth would these players respect enough to submit themselves to?  Surely they would not take kindly to someone near their age telling them to 'calm down', 'play as a team', or 'you made a mistake'.
0	My daughter loves Monster High and I actually prefer them over Bratz or Barbie for somewhat specific reasons. I feel like the outcome of both the barbie and bratz universe is basically that everything always works out in the end, start a band? now you have a record deal, start a fashion line? it's top selling, want to be a princess? well turns out you were one all alone. Monster High actually revolves more around friends helping each other out and how by working together you overcome things. It actually deals with social issues but with a monster twist like when they segregated the vampires and werewolves, or dealt with long standing prejudice with humans....As you can tell I watch a lot of Monster High as like I said my 6 year old daughter loves the movies and of all the animated "girl centered" animated movies I prefer Monster High the most.
0	To the few people who see this, I want to share my stories. I worked at an inner city pool that was very cheap to get Into and in the main park, so it was really popular and mostly blacks. We were open for three weeks before our first white patron showed up. These little shits didn't give a damn about anything. We had a riot where a 20 something punk climbed a guard chair to push the guard out of it to do flips off of. Police showed up and arrested three guys. And the kids are no better. Theyd sneak in at night and break bottles into ths pool, and never listen to anything you said. I had a highschool freshman threaten to shoot me because I kicked him out. And the worst were the young kids. We'd have 7-10 year Old kids show up unsupervised who couldn't swim.  They'd take the swim test, fail, wed save them, and then the next day beg to take it again as if they learned how over night. Sure it's stereotypes per say but there is a lot of truth to it
0	They aren't going to learn that lesson. They probably won't even blame icloud or their idevices because they don't understand the vulnerabilities or care about the technical aspect. What they do understand is that someone posted their private pictures online. They'd probably like to know who more than how. With CISPA reintroduced as CISA, this might just be the opportunity to get it passed. Keep your privacy safe from others by allowing the government to know all...
1	The best way to counter a Rumble is to hope they don't know what they're doing.  A Rumble with a complete rune page (I use MS Quints, Armor Seals, MRPerLevel Glyphs, and Magic Pen Marks) is extremely difficult to outfarm or not die to. I've mained solo top Rumble for about 4 months, rarely losing a lane. The times that I have lots the lane are due to computer issues, lag, amazing enemy jungle support, and a Wukong who didn't leave their outer turret.  I've learned in order to counter Rumble, attack when he's overheated, since he's silenced and can't spam. Watch out for his flamespitter, which can still dish out tons of damage even when stunned. Try to dodge his double harpoons, as the slows do stack. Merc Treads, Hexdrinker, and another MR item really puts a dent in the damage you receive. Late game, do not fight in the jungle. His AOE ult does massive damage, with initial and then damage over time for 5 seconds.
0	The thing is, if they pay their CEO less, they're going to get a crappy CEO. For their charity to be successful they need to offer a reasonable salary to attract a good CEO. If there was someone that would do it for free or cheaper than market that would be great, but CEOs don't become CEOs by working for free.
1	The main reason in my opinion why many quality of life queue improvements are not implemented, is because of duo queue.   For the greater good, I think the ranked duo queue should be reduced to single queue. If you dont have a partner the queue will 100% reflect the work of 5 single people as a team and not the work of 3 rnd and 2 premades or so on.   I think this will make the game much better and will allow many qol improvements to the queue that at the moment are not possible because of possible abuse of duo partner.   If you want to play with friend you can play normal, that is what it should be there for.
1	Hey mate. im the Zed from last game. How does it come that you are on Gold~Plat mmr with a dia 5 account?   Thats a boost, for sure.   Edit: i played vs him and he played normal tryndamere at first. Got ganked and died and started proxying after. He was really really bad at proxying and ran through our base without any reason and even died after it. I mean he was at toplane and could have escaped through the jungle but ran into our base as a squishy tryndamere at lvl 7 or 8 and suicided. And he didnt even take much attention from me, i wasted like 10 sec to kill him, and thats definetly worth it when i get 250g for him.   And Also he said in chat "doesnt matter, am dia 5" or "idc im diamond!!" or "im AMAZING IM DIAMOND"
1	Good for you, but I find it annoying.   The way they portray "nerds" and their culture is generalizing and condescending. Everyone watches Star Trek, everyone is in bad shape, everyone is socially awkward, and the only reason they are nerds is because that's the only life choice left for them. I know a metric fuckton of people that would rather play a boardgame with some friends or read a book than get drunk and sweat hevily as they jump to various Skrillex-remixes.   Penny is the viewer, somewhat similar to Bella in Twilight. She is the one the makers want the viewers to view themselves as. She's in shape, she has friends, she is a nice person, she is a badass, etc etc. I hate this because it doesn't give the character room to be a character. This is why she has no particular interests other than what is bestowed upon her from the fact that she's female (girls like sleepovers, make-up and what have you).   EVERY CHARACTER IS STATIC. Static characters are characters that do not change throughout the series. They don't learn, they don't change their behaviour, and they don't develop. Or, if they do, it's generally not something you'll notice later on in the series. As for development, I think Raj discovering alcohol is the biggest thing that has happened in BBT.   It's a sitcom. Now, I don't hate all sitcoms, but I don't like the format at all, I seldom find myself laughing at every god damn turn when I'm watching Arrested Development, so why do you expect me to laugh all the time while I'm watching BBT? How I Met Your Mother has laughtracks that don't interfere with the scenes, that are subtle, and that don't stick out, you mostly ignore it. This is which the right thing to do, but it's still a minor annoyance.   It takes no risks, nothing big is happening outside of relationship-conflicts, and even those don't mean much in the grand scheme of things, skipping an episode in BBT is much like skipping an episode of Family Guy, but Family Guy has a lot of things BBT does not have. For instance actual comedy. It's critical of society, and it has some pretty exciting plots in comparison to BBT.   It's not a story. It has no conclusion, no end. This means it will get old and boring as we explore the different character's viewpoints and past. The stories will become weaker and weaker, until finally nobody will be watching, and then it will die, still without having a conclusion. Compare it to watching someone die a slow, horrible death with an illness that gradually worsens, compared to something quick and painless. Of course it's sad that the person(series) you loved died, but it's better if it has a buildup and dies before it starts sinking too much.   Combine all these factors, and you'll have a recipe for utter shit.
0	We had a house when we got married. We had a simple wedding with a focus on throwing an awesome party for our friends and family, we had family play live music and ethnic dance, we had a friend play bag pipes and we packed a community hall with over 200 people. Did not cost a ton but to this day I still have people tell me how much fun they had. I have been to countless wedding that really focused on aesthetics and other BS, they were good but seemed so forced and it really took it out of the attendees.
0	I've seen both sides of the coin in regards to the attitude vs environment argument.  I have a couple friends who are the scumbag types that can't hold a job, more like choose to not hold a job, and then game any situation where they can live off of some settlement or unemployment for as long as possible.  Then I also have the majority of my friends who work excessively hard, and the only ones out of us that are doing well are the ones that went into software and networking.   Stagnant wages are a big deal though.  Prior to my career change, a good friend of mine who is the same age started with a startup making around 60K, was at 80k by the end of the year and 120k the following year.  He hasn't been paid less than 120K in a decade at this point.  I was working in the recording industry, and I largely made the switch to software because it was something I was good at and always had been as a hobby, and work in the music industry was difficult with the advent of high quality digital recording at home.  The difference is I started around 10k less than my buddy did, and in years I'm seeing myself not getting big raises.  A big reason why is I started with a startup, and we have been bought twice, once by a slightly larger company that is US based, and then again last year for about a billion by a huge multinational corporation.  Since those acquisitions, my job title has changed a few times (Average salary for the title in my area is a solid 6 digit salary).  However, they have no incentive to pay people for the title changes, so I've gotten a measly $350 raise on my yearly salary in the past year.   The only thing that will change my salary is me leaving this job for greener pastures, and that is a big difference.  My father grew up EXCESSIVELY poor (like if his father didn't take someone for their money at the pool table that week, they had to decide between food or electricity) and he was able to make a solid middle class - upper middle class salary with nothing more than a high school education and manual labor.  He has worked at the same company for over 30 years, same with my mother, she has worked for the same hospital system for 30+ years as well.  You can't just work for one place and be treated well by your company anymore, regardless of how loyal you are.
0	yep!   I'll address what I see there. I'm not sure if you're quoting that entire thing like it is a bad thing, but I'm writing this assuming you are. My apologies if you aren't.   "much more likely to be bisexual"   -In my opinion, awesome. Sexuality is a spectrum, not a binary. If these people are more comfortable in their skin and able to enjoy the love of more people, that's a large bonus in my book. I personally believe that a majority of people are pansexual to a certain amount, but they block it out due to societal constraints. Again, just my opinion there.   "Had more sexual partners"   -I don't think this is a bad thing, if people are safe. There is no reason why this would be bad outside of opinion.   "were more concerned about contracting a sexually transmitted disease (STD)"   -CONCERNED being the keyword here. Good for them! This is just personal experience, but my more sexually relaxed friends have had way less STDs than my friends who seem to be a little more hesitant. If you have a lot of sex, you know to always use protection and you have the drill down. If you do not, then when you have a theoretical one-night stand for the first time, maybe protection isn't the first thing on your mind. Again, just my personal experience, but in general I see nothing wrong with being concerned about your health. That's the reasonable thing to do if you are having more sex than the average person, you should have more concern as well.   "Additionally, porn actresses were more likely to have had a problem with alcohol and to report having used 10 different types of drugs in their lifetime. They also reported more marijuana use during the past six months compared with other women."   -I bet that could be said of any actress however, and I think that has some influence on it. A problem with alcohol is unfortunate, I agree, but I think that is more likely of anyone in a creative lifestyle. And I personally see nothing wrong with marijuana use at all, so I can't say anything about that.
0	I mean it sucks. Parents definitely should plan ahead and save for your education, but they can't always do that. When it comes to your parents being resentful isn't gonna get you anywhere. Sure she could have done better, I'm sure you coulda done better too. It's easy to forget that your parents aren't really much older than you. Parents are fallible just like children.
0	Seriously: invest 90% of it using a professional to advise you remembering to ensure you have a mixed bag of risk and mixed length of terms.   Take the $100,000, pay any little bills for periphery family members of close friends that might need it and then with some or all of the rest do something incredible . Maybe the trip of a lifetime, maybe live a dream your dad had, no matter how big, crazy or small it was, maybe he wanted to go the world series or to buy a Cadillac. Just an idea.   I have this crazy idea that when I die my kids all have to climb Mount Kilimanjaro to inherit, from a selfish point of view I hope they are all too old to do that when I go though:) I would love it though if they could do something really special and unforgettable with the windfall from my death.
1	Hi, main support player here, and also a big Karma Fan :). I also bought her before lvl 30 and played many games with here, most on support. Which is a bit different from mid, and other support, since your support with Karma is most efficient on a melee Carry.   I've done a lot of testplaying with the adc players I mostly play, normals and duoq and there are actually many melee carries that perform very well with Karma in duo lane. I feel the hate you got for your mid pick. I got many with my duo partner, but we helped ourself out of that with 5man premate games.   I love how you pointed out, that people are buying Karma now, for the free skin. But most of my friends I recently talk to, through the 5man games, had Karma before, since we play draft from time to time and we wanted to do some trading and stuff. And they believed me after some games, that she is actually efficient on support, if you get the right carry on your side.   Why I write this, for my part fking long comment? I guess you inspired me. :) Thank you for that. I haven't done so many games lately with karma, since my team never wanted to get that since meta changes and so on. From now on I will try to get myself some more Karma play, so I am worth the skin :).
0	I was in a wedding in Chicago.  We went to the lakefront to take pictures.  It was a big wedding party and the photographer paired us all off and posed us on a walkway, she was using depth and perspective to take an interesting picture.   It took quite a while, maybe 20-25 minutes to get each couple in the perfect spot, standing at the proper angle and everything.   When she finally got us all set up, a cop who had been watching the process decided he needed to drive through where we were standing.  He came, turned on his lights and sirens and yelled at the groom who turned around and made a "what the hell?!?" gesture.  The cop got out of the car and was going to arrest the groom but we talked them both down (and got the cops badge number).   Too bad for the cop, one of the guys in the wedding party is partner in a prestigious law firm in Chicago, and one of the women is an Assistant District Attorney who called the cop's precinct and talked to the guy's superior officer.  The lawyer also knows people in the department, in the commissioner's office who he called to complain to.  By the end of the night they'd both independently heard from their contacts that the guy was pulled off the street and was pending review.
1	OK, this is how imagine a perfect objective-focused game:   •     1st dragon  – this first objective you should focus on is dragon. To make that possible the jungles needs to have a successful gank bot. If the jungler, support and adc are relatively healthy and can juggle dragon’s agro properly, look to take that.   •     Warding and bot tower  –  This is a great video on early warding by Krepo. . If it is successful, look to take the tower, push the lane and rotate mid/contest enemy buff if it is up.   •    Next you should focus on the mid tower. Remember to ward the jungle around it and enemy entrances to dragon. If you took the tower successfully, look to take the second dragon.   •     Top lane  – well this usually goes 3 ways: enemy has already taken you tower, you have already taken enemy tower, toplane is equal and the towers are relatively healthy. To get this tower I would not advise sending a lot of people there. It is better to create pressure elsewhere, e.g. mid and make the enemy toplaner come to you. If you have less people try not to fight, just kite and poke if possible. Meanwhile your toplaner takes the top tower.   •     Inner turrets  – If your pressure mid was successful take the mid inner tower. If not – focus on bot inner tower. If you can take it, take it and then look to take dragon. If you can’t and the dragon is up – ward the enemy bot jungle and take the dragon. Here you usually have tofight for it, and if you successfully taken the dragon go for the inner mid/bot tower that has the most pushed minions and take the tower. I highly suggest taking inner bot tower, because after this point there will usually be a lot of teamfights/skirmishes and if they are successful look to ward baron/take buffs/take top inner tower.   •     Baron  – taking a Baron heavily relies on having pressure on the bot inhibitor tower/inhibitor. Sending you toplaner/midlaner to splitpush bot while pressuring mid and baiting baron is one way. Other way is creating a slow push. To do that you have to make sure you have slightly more friendly minions that the enemy. If this does not work, look to teamfight around mid/bot and if healthy enough – go for Baron. If not so much – take an inhibitor tower/inhibitor (focus on bot over mid if possible). Also, take the dragon on the way back if possible.   •     Ending the game  – if you have Baron, make sure all your lanes are pushing and siege mid and any other lane that has minions closest to enemy inhibitor. If you already took 2 inhibs, try to finish. If you can’t – back and take the 3rd and finish.   This is very reliant on all teammates being on the same page and is more suitable for ranked 5s than soloQ. However, it is still possible if people play rather safe early and do not go for deep dives or fight with a disadvantage. Also make sure to refresh you wards, place them deeper each time you take a tower, clear enemy wards around dragon/baron and main warding sports in the jungle. Also, if you are ahead, try to contest as many enemy buffs as possible.
1	probably will be done from time to time and may even permeate into every live tournament at some point or another but it would probably be a bit too draining and lose its edge a bit if it was done ALWAYS.   i think its an interesting phenomenon though on many levels. not only is it a strange practice that you would likely never see in any other competitive scene (or anything even comparable) but it has a history to it. we endured some pretty extreme drama (particularly the live fans) because of that 8 hour match and cheering the ward kills is kind of like a constant affirmation of our passion for this game. it harkens back to a time where we stayed strong and jubilant in the face of problem after problem.   i hope it is something that is here to stay because it is unique and meaningful, and it even adds a bit of interesting information to the teams playing the game because they never know exactly what is being cheered for and it keeps them on their toes.
0	I had one last night. Requested two bottles of Schneider HopfenWeiss that cost £6.95 each. Staff opened and poured them into the correct glasses. Customer takes a sip and says "I don't want that, change it for a lager". Staff member refuses and they ask for the manager. I step in and tell them that we've provided exactly what they asked for and, as the product is not defective, we cannot exchange it simply because you don't want it any more. Queue abuse and being told that we have "really shitty customer service ". I still have to apologise.
1	I see a lot of people saying that "well ppl know froggen is going lee sin mid, eve was troll" etc. Well, i didn't know that Froggen played Lee mid until someone from my class told me. I'd understand if the Eve were studying/working in an environment where people don't talk about LoL. I understand if she didn't know and if i played with a pro player who picked something out of their role i'd assume they were practicing or something.
1	Its like 90% chance he didnt do it. Even if he/she did commit suicide it probably wasnt just because of what someone said online. There is usually other things in play. Well... that comment could have been a tipping point.
0	To clarify - I understand the rationale behind wanting to make more money.  We all do, greed is a natural emotion.  It's when you think you actually  need  that money to live or function in society I have a problem with.  Money doesn't just appear from some vacuum - you take it from other people.  Growth on the other hand, and using what money you have  efficiently , can be overall positive.  With our current societally-endemic issues with wealth inequality, everyone needs to be more smart less stubborn about their impact.   If you choose to have a second house with a pool or ten cars before feeding a couple hundred people or creating more jobs, then yes, I'm afraid I'm going to judge you for your damaging narcissism.
1	No, this game changes way too much. For instance I'm going to put them on the same category with CLG/DIG/TSM/Veolicity for the next split because season 4 balance changes might fit one team better than others. I take the game one split at a time and ignore previous split performances for that exact reason.
1	Well I can't speak for koreans, but as a Belgian born in brussels, my mother tongue is french.   Since I live in belgium I had to learn dutch and I hated it for the simple fact that no one where I live speaks it and I would most likely never need it in my life.   Whereas we had a lot of reasons, especially with internet coming to everyone around 1995-2000, to learn english. It's simply impossible to have a stable conversation on internet with people from all around europe in italian/french/swedish/dutch/spanish/german/...   Somehow, english seemed to make sense.   I'm really glad I'm able to write it and argue with people over internet, even though I can't really speak it unless I unleash my inner renekton (the english accent is really hard :( )
0	yup. i took a couple ethics and history courses for my ucsd GE.
1	Unmoderated subs generally become unbearable after a while. Even if, at any one given time, the content being upvoted is what the majority of voters wants to see, a "revolving door" of casual voters means that content will not reflect the userbase.   Well-moderated subs have clear parameters for what's allowed and what isn't. You can't just "trust upvotes" because then /r/leagueoflegends would become /r/ilikethis. Mods have already pointed out the rules that the Krepo video broke. It's not about the game, it's not about the champions, it's not about esports, it's not even REALLY about the players themselves.
0	I thought relationships were supposed to be based on trust and honesty?   This is true. However, sometimes it's necessary to be understanding of each other as well. If she understands him enough to know that he's defensive about his weight and loves him enough to overlook that character flaw, I don't see anything wrong with that. Especially if she's found that there are easier ways to get him to work on it than being confrontational.
0	I think a part of this is the attitude that men are taught to have towards emotions. Someone mentioned in this thread that "women are sometimes afraid to explain why their upset because society tells them that if they act angry, they're just being a hormonal bitch."   The thing is, guys are taught "You should not have emotions, and if you do happen to be cursed with them you should certainly never let them show." Thus emotional displays represent an entirely different tier of "Something is wrong" to a guy that has been raised with that social norm.   The net result is that if a guy is visibly upset, whatever is bothering him is serious, like life altering and unsolvable, and deep down they really just want to vent but don't feel that they have a safe space to do it. Someone with less baggage might be visibly upset because their favorite soda is out, or cry because they liked a song. If a guy like that is crying? It probably means their entire life is about to implode and they can't fix it...   When they're trying to get you to express yourself, they're projecting their own insecurities about emotions onto you. They assume that you too have something serious, but don't feel you can safely express it. They're trying to show you that they  are  that safe place, and that it's okay to unburden yourself. That, and if you're in a serious relationship they might be afraid whatever serious shit you're worried about will affect them; after all, you have a face like you just got cancer or lost your job!   (Note: All of this assumes a decent human being who genuinely wants to help and be supportive.)
1	Despite what the recommended items show, I tend to start with 3 Lucky Picks as soon as I can get them, followed by Boots of Mobility, ending in Archangel's Staff and Zhonya's Ring in whichever order I choose. Not only does it help your heals, but Infuse has a 0.6 Ability Power conversion rate so it'll do some decent damage.   If the game drags on from there, I'll trade in one of the picks for Frozen Heart, trade another for Ryjal's Scepter, and the last one for Guardian Angel, Deathfire Grasp, Abyssal Scepter, whatever you want really. The game's over by Ryjal's in most cases.   The recommended items seem to focus on health, armor, etc. and very little on improving your abilities. I find Innervating Locket to be kind of junky, Aegis is nice but it's meh late game, Soul Shroud is also very meh, and Guardian Angel is very situational.   When you heal for 600 hp every 6 seconds with an emergency 1200 heal that hits everyone from a pretty far distance every 45, you wonder why the other team doesn't buy Executioner's Calling.
1	I certainly wasn't trying to condescend. If you feel that my attitude was patronizing, I unconditionally apologize. In my view we're all peers here, and my elo testifies that I'm a total scrub. That's one of the reasons I play so much Dominion.   I took the time I did to write a wall of text because I'm passionate about Heimer. I could see you feel strongly about him as well, and I was more looking to compare notes with another experienced Heimer player.   Regarding ganks, my experience has been very different from yours :(   Just like you I generally push and take their bottom tower at the beginning. Depending on who they have sent bot I usually will retreat and give it up to them, then push it again. Wash, rinse, repeat.   My goal is to keep pressure on their bottom tower, not necessarily take it. I generally avoid engaging with the enemy player except to harass, and if I stay behind my turrets I can do more damage to their minions than they can do to mine. I usually end the game with 5 or 6 kills, and 4 or 5 deaths. Maybe a few assists. I play very safe, and don't push past the mid point unless I'm confident they don't have anyone in a position to come through the gap and wreck me.   It's not that I never get ganked, or never lose my tower. It happens. But I'm almost always able to beat them up enough that it's relatively trivial to push them off it when I come back up.   I always wait for a minion wave and as I mentioned I use my missiles to harass. The reason that I don't feel Heimer falls off is that the more AP I build, the better my harass gets and the harder it is for people to trade with me. I make sure to build penetration as needed, and the key is largely not to overextend. If the enemy even looks like they're going to bypass the minions to engage with me then I pull back, to the tower if needed. If they dive me, worst case is I die and they're at 10% health. Once I rez I simply wait for a minion wave from my mid tower and push them off it again. They'll have to either die or recall and Heimer clears waves so quickly that I'll have minions on their tower before they can get back.   It might be considered a stalemate, I guess, but in my experience I'm generally always pushing and denying them much farm. I find that my opponent bot is generally LESS farmed/fed than the rest of their team.   This all goes out the window when there's more than one person sent bot. In that case I'll usually just sit on the tower. If they send more than one bottom, unless your team is completely incompetent, you win. All you have to do is slow them down enough that the rest of your team can take and hold the windmill.   It sounds like you know all this, so I guess I can't explain why he works so well for me, but you have a different experience. Maybe it's the item build? I just don't know.   I start with the chalice for mana regen, and either boots if I feel like mobility is important or more usually a tome for additional pushing power. As I mentioned I go with magic pen reds, armor yellows, and ap blues and quints. For masteries I take utility for summoner cooldown reduction and put the rest in offense. My goal with items is to max CDR and then it's pretty much all AP. Depending on how the game is going I'll either grab a Kage's, rush a Deathcap, or finish out the chalice. The Chalice is the only "core" item, for the rest sometimes I go to a magic pen rod, sometimes I'll build a mask.   At the end of the day, I guess I've written so much because I want you to have as much fun with him as I'm having.   Let me reiterate that my the last thing I want is to imply that I'm somehow better. My posts are all about explaining to you, and maybe someone else who might want to play Heimer how I do it. Nothing more.   Just like I put at the end of my other post, I'd love to get some feedback. I love /r/leagueoflegends because of how much I learn here. The only reason that I've spent the time that I have responding is to try and give something back.   I apologize for any offense given, and hope to see you on the field of battle.
1	I don't like this argument since it's known that in general EUW players are a lot more toxic than NA players (at least at the higher levels).  I know this from frequenting both NA and EUW streamers channels on twitch and when NA players decide to try out EUW they get flamed and trolled relentlessly, and in the case of NB3, would get reported CONSTANTLY just because he was from NA.  That's seriously fucked too, NB3 is one of the LEAST toxic people on the NA server and I have never heard of EUW players playing on NA so either NA players don't care/bring it up or they just don't do it.
0	Comment I made further down that expands on the game mechanics:   > Every honeybee daughter is a potential (albeit poor quality) queen too. The current queen keeps her children reproductively inactive through a combination of pheromones, physical harassment and destroying any rogue eggs she finds in the hive. > In single-year hives such as bumblebees and yellowjackets, this reproductive dominance is lost when the current queen ages, goes missing, is insufficiently nourished or otherwise incapable of stopping her kids' hatching their own eggs. At this point, depending on the species, the hive could have it's queen killed and usurped by healthy offspring, hijacked by a rogue individual (extremely rare) or just collapse into anarchy and abandoned.   > Eusocial queen dynamics have been a hot topic in behavioural research for a few years, and it turns out that the queen:worker dictator:slave relationship is mostly false. In a lot of species a thriving hive can be single step from insurrection, and can have more than one queen "cooperating".   >
1	I run flat damage reds, health per lvl yellows, mr per level blues, and flat damage quints. I start off with a Doran's Blade if I am duo lane, or a Vamp Sceptor if I am solo so I can build a wriggles from it. I then build a phage if I need more sustainability or a Brutalizer if I am doing good. I then just build the page into a Frozen Mallet and Brutalizer into a Yosumuu's. I build Atma's and then build whatever I need depending on the enemy team composition. I don't like building full glass cannon because you won't last more than 5 seconds in a team fight.
1	Just a small thing but it helped me a lot! Sometimes something will go wrong and you will die and you will think to yourself ''oh shit, if i did xyz that goes better and I win'' however mechanics on champions and precision execution is something that is absent even in gold/plat and i am sure above. Focus more on the decision to go in or and your decision making generally rather than mechanics.   Some people say that playing mechanically undemanding champions (think warwick) help you improve this more efficiently since the mechanical cap of that champion is very low, however you may find that very boring as I did so just try and focus on decision making generally.
1	Agreed. It can be easier to carry with Leo in Gold+ because your teammates will follow up more often. You can rely on them somewhat. In Bronze/Silver it can be a bit tricky to expect your team to do things.   Nami, Thresh and Morg IMO are the best to carry with at lower ELO's because: a) They can make aggressive plays. Catch people out for your team and win small skirmishes to get your team fed. b) THEY HAVE STRONG PEEL. This is especially important at low ELO because everyone will misposition. Not only this mean you can hook or bind their ADC who decided to go frontline to poke but it also means YOURS WILL TOO. Morg Shield + Ult, Nami Bubble + Ult or Thresh Lantern, Flay + Ult are extremely strong at keeping your team safe where as Leona has to choose one: dive or peel. With Thresh you can hook someone for your team, dive to them throw your box down and run to your carries with the lantern shield and Flay. Morg can snipe a target with binding, demolish them and shield her carries as she waits for divers to gapclose into her ult.   I just feel these are stronger at carrying unaware teams. Leona can make plays, yes, but when she does she spend everything on something. E, Q and ult. That's probably a kill, but can you stop the 8/0 Renekton killing your AD? You have to take responsibility for this. With Thresh you have chuck down your box defensively and Flay them into the walls. Exhaust if needed too.
0	Help me internet --   Same here. Got an associates in IT. There was a high school program to get an associates during my junior and senior year of high school, instead of my electives. I did that to get some core classes out of the way.   Ended up getting an Internship in IT paying $16/hr to start saving for college. Now is the time to switch my Internship to a field in something I'm actually majoring for a Bachelors in, but I'm afraid I won't get enough money.   I could keep this internship and maybe even get hired.   Or actually do something I enjoy and maybe get less money.   I also have a problem of going into Civil Engineering or Architecture. I love Architecture, but Civil Engineering has much more of a market.
1	You raised a good point and in my opinion, disrespect is something that needs to go. Pro level or not. My reasoning is this, imagine if you're the one dishing out the disrespect, sure it's fun and people love it isn't it. Put yourself on the other side and look at things. You're losing, frustrated and in short, stressed ( which I think is even more so true in important games such as LCS). How would you feel if someone disrespected you at this point. Of course there are situations where disrespect is fun for both parties,  but as far as I'm aware it's not fun in general for the disrespected
1	I am not sure that you have a coherent argument. Are you saying that because new champs have definite roles and combos, they are stale?   Unluckily for you, I play Dota 2 as well. Tusk is a melee initiator. As you know, his Snowball is a great, hard to avoid initiate-stun ability. You set it up with your Ice Shards so that the target is less able to run away. This sets up your Walrus Punch that gives your teammates time for them to attack the previously stunned target. Frozen Sigil is used to keep the target from escaping.  Are you saying this kind of hero design is bad, too?   What about Anti-Mage? Blink in, Mana Break auto attack for a while, ult for the kill then blink out. Because he has a combo, is that stale?   What about Skeleton King? He has just one active ability, and that is his stun. Is that out of place?
1	i get so sad when i read stuff like this. Sad in a "there is really no hope for the future of video games" kinda way. I guess i should just be happy that i had the pleasure to enjoy games till now.   That
0	If you see a large cluster of bees out in the open, you don't have a hive, you have a swarm. They are very non-aggressive when swarming, so don't worry. Call a beekeeper and he or she will capture the queen and the others will follow.
0	something like this happened to me when i bought my first car. 2 months after i bought it, the cylinder head blew. Sold it cheap when the fuel pump shat on me a month later. I lost money on the civic, but i saved a lot on the integra i bought, so i'm content. I chalk it up as a lesson learned.
1	I main mid but since I am at school, i'll respond to your questions in this thread and I can't go on my client.   (IGN: Pho Oh Three)   My s2 Elo Range(2.2k-2.8k) played with all kinds of high elo top tier people.   My S3 Elo(2k+)   Generally in lower tier Elo range, Eve can stomp really well because in lower tier, lanes do not use pink wards to stop Eve ganks and would not have the game knowledge as much as higher elo tier players.   In Higher elo, teams will use pink wards to counter your early ganks and post level 6 ganks.   And also in higher elo, most banned heroes atm are: Eve, Nunu, LeeSin, Katarina, Twisted Fate, Khaizx, Amumu, Pantheon, Shaco.   So as you get higher, you will get less chances to play Eve so start to learn more OP heroes. There are alot of OP heroes and you can't ban them all.
1	Athene hit's the nail with this one. Even tho he lacks morals, (constant lieing about his achievements to get fame) he is still a very intelligent guy.   However: There is even more important things if you want to be a pro. Natural reflexes comes to mind, you won't be a pro unless you have natural talent, now mater how much you practise.   The other big thing is confidence and experience. The best players are the best cause they always preform. I think most people are not fit to be pro players cause they can't take the presure of big money games. A good example of this would be aAa who seems to choke at live events.
0	Anyone who says shit like this has obviously never fucking had to go on unemployment.  Wanna hear my experience? I'm just one person so other results may vary but here it is so you can fuck yourself with it!   Sure I'll just go do some labor, can I bring my bluetooth headset (JK, I bought that after I got my job, would not have been able to afford it on UI!) for when recruiters call me and I have phone interviews I apparently can't study for because I'm cleaning the fucking highway instead of improving my skills at Codecademy in order to make myself more desirable to employers?  What about if I'm too fucking broke to own a car and it takes me two fucking hours by bus to get to my worksite?  (Yes I have taken two hour bus rides to interviews) Why punish ME for WANTING TO WORK and being stuck in a SHIT JOB MARKET with THREE YEARS EXPERIENCE.  FUCK me for graduating from college in 2008, RIGHT? WHAT A DUMB DECISION I MADE TO BE BORN IN THE MID EIGHTIES and enter the job market during the worst economic downturn in decades, you fucking moron.   I could go on, but this OP is an ignorant fucking turd.  Speak from experience OR be able to follow your own line of thinking until you find holes in it.  Otherwise, take your bullshit, insulated, superior attitude and fucking SHOVE it.   Fast Forward One Year! I now have a GREAT job (because I spent my time learning and networking, NOT cleaning roads) AND an awesome little used honda with 100,000 miles on it paid for in cash and six months' living expenses in savings.  Do not fucking judge people for landing on hard times! OR do and just keep doing your thing until one day something happens to you and uninformed strangers fucking spit on you.   DETAILS:  6 job searches per week required by law, or they stop paying you.  They follow up on these work search logs and if any are lies, they stop paying you.  If you can't find a job in X months (I forget the number), TWC (Texas Workforce Commission) REQUIRES you to attend interview and resume writing workshops provided by The Goodwill.  If you don't go to them, they stop paying you.  Do your fucking homework.   BONUS DETAILS: If your previous boss, who maybe even illegally failed to provide you with health insurance during your time at his company, LIES to the TWC about why you lost your job in an effort to cockblock you from getting benefits, the entire situation depends on the personal mood of the TWC employee who answers your phone call.  I was lucky and got a friendly person who believed my side.   BUT WHAT ABOUT A PART TIME JOB WHILE JOB HUNTING: Yeah I tried that and made a whopping 80 bucks a week working retail (WAY LESS than what unemployment paid and WAY LESS than enough to pay rent and bills!).  They could not afford to give us any more hours because there wasn't enough business to support it because nobody was buying $200 sweaters because the ECONOMY WAS IN THE SHITTER. THE BEST PART about working at the mall and commuting by bus is when they have you work the closing shift and you end up sitting at the bus stop in a mall parking lot for a half hour waiting for the 11pm bus (and you're a young woman).   EDIT:  I have never been on welfare so I'm not going to speculate on that shit.
0	Very few single metrics are a good indicators of health by themselves, statistically derived or not. That doesn't mean it's not a valuable metric. The SATs don't tell the story of exactly what you know or how smart you are, but it provides an indication of how much knowledge you've picked up through school and life so far, and sums it up in a number that's easy to put in a statistical context, and provides a method for comparison.   For someone who's been overweight or obese their entire (adult) life, there's not much of a baseline of being what "not overweight" is. Especially in combination with having lived in denial for a long time, and developing a skewed body image. BMI helps with anchoring something in the statistically normal. And in my personal experience, there are few things  most overweight or obese people want more than being normal (aside from bacon cheeseburgers).   Also, overweight in itself as a statistical definition doesn't speak about fat. If you are 6' and 280lbs with a 9% body fat, you are still by definition statistically overweight. Because you weigh more than the average person of the same height. Saying BMI is a poor gauge of anything because it's obviously wrong for the athlete minority who already have way more accurate factors to determine their health and how in shape they are - well, duh. It was never meant to be a catch-all single numerical value on health without any deviations or outliers. Actually quite the opposite. The only people who usually hear about BMI from their doctors, are usually those that are far away from the top of the bell curve - to either side.   I used BMI to provide goals/milestones when I lost weight. Not as medical truth. What tells me I'm in pretty decent shape now is the combination of my much lower resting heart rate, my blood pressure, my above average VO2Max, my "normal" range body fat, my exercise results, my complexion, what size clothes that fit me, the amount of energy i have and so on. It's a combination of a lot of information that provides the full picture.   BMI is just a statistical approximation, but it definitely holds great value for someone who's struggling with getting rid of a lot of fat and trying to get healthy.
0	OP, your point is well taken, and I think you're touching on something that fundamentally differentiates American football from association football (which I will henceforth refer as "soccer" in order to avoid confusion).  Soccer fans seem to be much more inclined to accept the theatrics of the sport: bad calls, missed calls, dives, etc.  Deception, at times, is part of the game, and, frankly, it's often rewarded.   American football fans have zero tolerance for this.  Fans expect absolute truth and impartiality when it comes to officiating.  It's part of the reason the sport has such and extensive review and challenge process.  This is not to say there isn't genuine outrage over bad calls that are made in soccer.  Of course there is.  But the sport has opted not to implement replays and reviews for a variety of reasons, and in doing so there's a sense of tacit acceptance of the status quo.   This mentality might be part of the reason that soccer hasn't completely caught on in the States at the professional level like it has in other parts of the world.  I really like soccer, but I'm genuinely turned off every time I see someone take a dive or fake an injury to run down the clock (the latter occasionally happens in American football, but not nearly to the extent that it does in soccer).  I recognize that this sentiment isn't unique to Americans, but I think it irks us more than others.  Americans get acquainted with soccer theatrics every four years, and it tends to leave a poor taste in our mouths.  In fact, Nike even ran [a pro-U.S. ad back in 2010]( thanking the American team for not resorting to diving.
0	Playing Devil's Advocate here... I see all too often at my job where I fix someones computer, then their "tech friend" comes and changes everything, messing it all up by installing registry fixers or some shit.  Then I get blamed because I didn't have the "foresight" to install that Winzip and the three A's (Avira, AVG, Avast) AT THE SAME TIME, and Uniblue registry cleaner says they have 700 problems.  Just finally wanted to say something, not that OP is this person, but I get really sick of everyone thinking Techs are out to screw them.
1	From what we could hear, he was still not handling the situation as the perceived team leader should.  When he said things like "everyone else disagrees," even though neither OddOne or Xpecial said anything, he isn't helping the Chaox's team mentality.  Dyrus even stepped up to say that Chaox wasn't the only one at fault.  They are a team, Chaox wasn't the only one who made a mistake.  Reginald was ONLY focusing on Chaox's mistake.  His was the most visible, but not having at least a primary lvl 1 plan before the game starts is inexcusable.   And the
0	Pharmacy cashier kept up such a running commentary that she overcharged me, fucked up my refund, missed one item completely, and I had to wait 20 minutes PLUS turn around and drive back when I saw another mistake after I left.
1	I started playing ADC because I loved the 2v2 lane and Ezreal. God I love that champ dem skillshots and the many different builds you can do.   I started switching to Support recently because I hate dealing with solo que BS and just playing support avoids some team anger. Also with all my experience I know CD's matchups and when you do a good job as support I feel it is more rewarding than any other position. Saving and getting your teammates fed is just great.   However I picked up a bunch of high mobility, skill based champs (Lissandra, Zed, Fizz) and bringing them to other lanes and having a great time with there kits.   I really like certain champs in certain positions. Shen is a champ I really like to play. I feel like it is because he is such an interesting champ with his kit.
1	Woah, woah, woah, Reddit. The youtube comments are being more reasonable about this than you guys are. Take a step back from your judgments and think about where Ocelot has come from. He's not a native English speaker. If you look at what he said without any bias, it's not that hard to realize he meant that people should be more happy, friendly, and optimistic (like he is). Not that people should be like him. Even Sky picked up on the fact that he misspoke, but instead of trying to guide Ocelot to the words he needed, Sky simply turned on him like the way he said it was what he intended to say.
1	srsly ??? ... i tune in to have  fun  watching a tournament .... this wasnt the championship most teams joined in knowing thats this is just for  fun  even tsm know it ... as far the dq .. as far its indeed breaking the rules  but  it was entertaining match and the fan base had fun watching .. ...
0	Yeah, not everyone lives at home like you son. Some of us have moved out a long time ago.   Yeah,  (N)ot everyone lives at home like you(,) son. Some of us  have  moved out a long time ago.   FTFY kid lol   You must be new to le reddit army, fresh meat if you will (or rather   fresh bacon  lol). It's okay, I like breaking the n00biez in.   Now comes my favorite part.  You see friend at reddit there is a tool. It's called the upvote button. (This tool has a counterpart which we will get to later.) You see the upvote button is kinda like the "like" button on Facebook. (which I'm guessing for your incredibly thoughtful response, you are very familiar with.) Now let me tell you a little difference between reddit and your Facebook. The upvote button has a symbiotic relationship (almost yin yang) with its opposite. The Downvote button. It's pretty much how to show the guy or gal posting above you anywhere from "hey I don't agree with that statement" all the way up to "go die in a fire you insufferable shit" (in this case it's the latter) Beautiful concept huh? So maybe take it back to Facebook or you will suffer for not stopping yourself before posting mindless rants in the comment section.
1	Sorry I don't understand how you calculated the chances of winning in the
1	Attack speed is a nerf to her late game.  In the early game, unless you have Janna support (which is terrible for Vayne) you only itemize AD for last hits and burst exchanges. Vayne needing to keep engages long doesn't make ASpeed a choice for her.  Also, gold changes from lane creeps is actually a HUGE buff for Vayne.   It makes freezing lanes and zoning opponents much less valuable.  It makes it so when you deny someone, they don't take as much of a gold dip and lose out in the following phase of the game.
1	I've attempted this sometimes and generally get the feedback that you received.  There are those times where someone will appreciate that you might know what you are talking about and the suggestion pays off.  Very rarely I'll get that honor with the open book (I forget what it's called, OH! Helpful.  That's it.)  But for the most part no one wants you to be helpful.  Generally if a team or certain players are toxic I've found the best course of action is just the mute button.
1	You must work for MLG.  Guess what buddy, Riot and IPL and Garena and OGN and IEM and whoever else there is all have these same sort of constraints, and their LoL tournaments are all far smoother and more fan friendly than the last few MLGs I've watched.  Not even streaming HALF of the matches is freaking PATHETIC.
0	My wife had a dream that I cheated on her with a girl that is very opposite what I would ever go for so when she woke up she could not stop laughing.
0	Back in highschool I was headed to a house party when I got the feeling that someone was following me. For some reason I noticed them while still on a main road, their headlights were exceptionally bright I think, and decided to keep an eye on them to see how long they were behind me for. Well after about the fourth turn on small residential roads that led to the house party with this guy still on my ass I decided it was time to find out once and for all. I pulled into the cul-de-sac where the party was but ripped around it to head back to the main road and lose this guy. Just as I was about to gun it out of there the vehicle pulls into the neighbors driveway and parks...
0	Asshole hair remover review from a hilarious dude with a burnt ass.
1	Guys- Regarding video vs. text:   More than likely Travis provided George the questions ahead of time, and let him take his time coming up with detailed answers; a video interview would have been great, but the answers we got would not have been as fully-developed / honest / truthful, and probably based more in emotion than fact.   HotShot's desire with this interview was to explain the decision and clear out concerns/questions fans might have. With a video interview, the answers are off-the-cuff / not as well-thought-out, so that might not have been possible.   Being able to able to step back and write out his responses let HotShot say what needed to be said in-full / as much as he can on the roster changes.
0	Bingo. You can have crazy sex with someone you have zero intimacy with but that you find incredibly attractive, and you can have insane sex with someone you're not necessarily attracted to, but have a high level of intimacy with.   With that said, nothing comes close to the combination of physical attraction and intimacy.   I truly believe my wife is my ideal mate and lover...but I have to admit, it all started because I found her physically attractive.   Truth be told, she was supposed to be a one-night stand following a bad breakup for me. Turned out to be the love of my life.
1	To add to this point; a lot of what makes a good duo bot is the two players having the same mentality in lane. I've duoed (as support) with a friend of mine for going on 3 seasons and the only reason we synergize so well is because we have the same goal in lane. We have another friend who has played with my ADC longer than I have and is probably a better support mechanically and in game knowledge than I am but the results of the games he supports my ADC are a lot  worse just because of how damned aggressive he is. But we did have a fourth friend who also was an ADC main who he did freaking fantastic with because they only went aggressive and went for kills on the enemy bot lane.
1	The problem I see with this idea of her kit is that it nearly kills off a larger niche of AP mages... Ap trist, yi, Naut, Pony will be ruined by how much she can do in lane without doing all that much.   This also places her high tier for countering a large number of mids...
0	don't forget about that area of skin next to the balls, and your upper-inner thigh.  also the taint and scrotum.
0	Storytime- I went to a LARP event recently, where I dressed up as an orc and hit people with foam swords. It was -10 and I'd been camping, so I'd been sleeping in my thermals but not my bra. I'm not a morning person, and it turns out that 3 layers of thermal vests is quite supportive. I only realised I was bra-less when I was being fitted for my breastplate.
0	I'll explain. Flash is SHIT for playing videos. It's not hardware accelerated, bloated, and all sorts of bad. It's not intergrated into the OS well. It wasn't even made for videos originally. HTML5 is an upgrade to HTML; instead of flash being an .swf stored on a site and imbedded into the page, it's part of the site's source code. The <video> tag is supposed to become the new standard.
0	I went to 4chan this weekend and, I've got to say, Reddit is as wholesome as Grandma's apple pie compared to that!  I'm probably on a watch list now!
1	I should not know more about the game than your casters. It seems like you guys mostly tended to match up two casters who would do a great job of play by play casting, but knew very little about in depth strategy and analysis of the game. On top of that, I feel like the casters come across as incredibly fanboy ish and unprofessional. They root for one team over the other and act like they know better than the players. Be objective. I felt like most of the casters in this tournament were not. I felt like you guys went from 'OMG CLG sucks and EG desrves to win becausr they are awesome' to 'BRO BRO CLG 4 life.'  They criticize decisions the players make without fully analyzing WHY they made those decisions. The professional players aren't making those decisions because they're idiots. They probably had a reason for it. Instead of criticizing the decision making of someone who is probably better at the game than you AND doesn't have the same information you do is not right. On top of that, when I did hear analysis on why someone was doing something, it was half right at best. Example: Catlyn was not pushing her lane to the opponents tower just to get damage on the tower, she was also doing it to deny gold to the opposing carry and give them a harder time last hitting. FourCourtJester is particular is bad about this. You should not be complaining a game is boring. You should be making it interesting for the people watching.   Camera control has been mentioned by someone else; so i wont go into a lot of detail on that. That needs fixed though, you shouldnt miss things because your checking out a ward in a place you weren't expecting one.   I think you guys did a good job of trying to get the excitement going and having great enthusiasm, but completely lack depth to your casters. You don't need a pro player or former pro player in each match casting, but you DO need someone who is analytical and has a deep knowledge of the game to analyze what's going on and most importantly WHY things are happening. I think you guys basically had the complete opposite of the 4PL tournaments casters. They were unemotional and deep, you guys were emotional and shallow. Pairing someone like FourCourtJester with Nhat Nguyen or Guardsman Bob would work well. As long as FourCourtJester allowed the other caster to talk and/or asked intelligent questions rather than just assuming. His naturally talkative nature would work well with someone who could analyze a game and provide insight if he concentrated on play by play and tried to draw out conversation rather than dominating it. The ideal thing, to me, is to get people excited about the game and provide a mix of information for new and older players. Currently, that doesn't happen. I honestly expect your casters to break into chants of 'BRO BRO BRO OMG DID YOU SEE THAT.' The energy level you guys have going is good, the insight is not.   Edit for one more thing. This isn't a problem I had, but it bears saying after seeing comments in one of the threads for this tourney. Watch your humour. Crude/crass jokes are fine for your YouTube videos, but have no place in a professional casting environment. If you want an unprofessional stream, that's fine. Otherwise leave that stuff at the door.
0	True story, I sincerely fucked up my college because of starcraft 2 and league. My freshmen year I played so much starcraft I had 0 social life. Girls would come to my dorm to try and get me out of it and I'd just tell them to leave on and let me play, I had almost gone up to diamond at the time. I remember spending my birthday that year with not one person wishing me a happy birthday in person, besides my mom. One of the reasons I played so much was because I was depressed and it helped me escape. It was a cycle that fueled itself. Depressed so I played video games, while video games were a big, big factor in my depression. League was a slow downhill. My friend introduced me and I wasn't hooked the first time, but a couple months later when I played it again out of curiosity. At first I could do my homework, slowly but surely I would procrastinate more and more. Sophomore fall semester my grades dropped to B and Cs. Then spring to Cs and D's. I still wasn't socializing well but in had improved somewhat in that regard. I think I spent my b day playing league and getting drunk in my room. Jr year hit and I fucked up bad. I'd play till 4 or 5 am everyday. If I went to class I never knew what was going on. Exams, I'd study for 2 hours before the actual exam. Learning mostly new material. This was after 8 hours of league of course. I'm super depressed at this time, I see my life has fallen apart. I didn't want to work so I could play played league, didn't want to go out since I lacked the social skills to do so and would rather just play league. It was easier. If I was left alone to myself for too long the suicidal thoughts would come. I hated feeling emotions. With league I could feel very little and escape my reality. Eventually I had to work, I played catch up on bills to the point I still am now. Ruined my credit score. Financially, I thew away getting paid, after tuition, 10k per year to go to school. I had a dream set up. Now I don't know if I go to school this next semester, my gpa dropped from 3.5 to 2.3. My computer broke in April or May. It was the best thing to ever happen to me. I was forced into the outside world. I started making friends. Quickly. I made the cheer team, suddenly I'm surrounded by pretty girls who love me. I should mention that I'm an avid power lifter, my other hobby away from league. I have an athletic build since I've been into Pl for almost 8 years now. I spent my summer working 60 hours a week and going out as much as possible. I talked to old friends. They all wondered what happened to me. I'm still dealing with underdeveloped social skills and I have an incredibly hard time expressing myself (in person) to girls and thus I can't build a relationship with one yet. I completely fucked up and lost a "perfect match" with me this summer. She was dropping hints like a machine gun but... I just couldn't do it. I failed to man up. I'm much happier now. I haven't fixed my computer yet. I will say that I greatly miss league. I'm scared that the first thing I'll do is load it up and get hooked back in. I'll try and stay away but If I can't, I'll be Damn sure to not go back to that place again. I won't. League ruined most of my college life. I know I deserve a lot of shit but.. Depression is a bitch and league took my pain away. I didn't realize it was the root cause of it.
0	This is what I do not understand. It is also what makes me believe all of these stories are entirely bullshit.   If you can't handle a poor client attitude, you've basically got no possible chance at success in the real world. Why? Because  everyone  has a different opinion, a lot of people are assholes for whatever their own reason, and most of these stories are coming off as a kid that had his feelings hurt.   If I found out I had a contract with someone who did this, regardless of their motives? I'd file a lawsuit against them for malicious defamation of character, because that is exactly what this is. And this is exactly how any client is going to act the second he finds out he is being fucked over on his contract.
0	Honestly, I am kind of picky. I want to meet someone who actually gives a shit about their own body. I'm not looking for a supermodel, the specifics are a whole different discussion, but looks matter, whether people want to accept it or not. Before I lost weight, I didn't expect anyone to like me, because when I looked in the mirror, I didn't like me. I'd still like to get more healthy, but I'm actually working on it. So no, I don't think big is beautiful. And yes, personality can have an effect, but let's be real, there's a limit.   Farewell comment karma...
1	upvoted for that
1	In that case it has to give both AP and AD and only champ that i can see that favours Mixed dmg is akali whould be useless on other champs (Plz ad on kayle is useless w/o crit and in that case the ap isnt needed) Jax is Bruiser not dmg dealer
0	Never fucked up like that. Still that just made me think of this one. I find it kinda funny.   I had a man come into our store and he didn't speak English. Nobody in our store speaks Spanish either. Me being helpful tried to help him find what he needed.   Now at first I thought this gentalman was looking for coco butter. Long story shot, I was wrong and he was looking for plan B. We have it, just like right out on the store floor. I don't think you even have to be over 18 to buy if. After I figured out what he wanted an took him to it he was really, really fucking happy and gave me a massive high five.   So there I am, in the store giving someone a high five right in front of some day after pills. Just like fuck yah man! You're not gonna have a kid! It just felt so dirty and wrong.
1	I think you need to account for the active. Its really the big flaw with the items balance as 10% of your max HP is just going to rip anything apart. The thinking of it is "oh only melee can abuse this" but unless its nothing but a range on range game something melee is going to bashing on a carry who has a botrk active to burn. Or your trist who has 0 issue jumping into a team...
0	They aren't though. Atoms can be split, as can subatomic particles. However, it is theorized that Planck length (order of 10^-35 m) is the shortest measurable length possible, regardless of instrument quality. Physically, it isn't perfectly defined, since the distance appears in quantum mechanical equations and has not been directly observed.Determining the physics at this scale is part of the goal of the "theory of everything." So the physics of the universe really is pixelated at this scale.   If talking about colored pixels, the pixelation is much larger. It becomes very difficult to determine what something "looks like" at scales smaller than the diffraction limit (about the wavelength of light used, can go down to 200nm or smaller by use of UV). So seeing the "real color" smaller than that makes no sense, and true color pixels are actually hundreds of times the size of atoms. That is why electron microscopy (SEM, TEM, SPEM) and atomic force microscopy (among others) are used at these tiny scales. They rely on physical interactions, which have much tinier "pixels." This is why all very small microscopy images are false color. There is no "actual" color. This is kinda cool, it means the physical universe has smaller pixels than the light we use to observe it.   And also, the human eye has a limit of around 50um (micrometers). So that is our pixelation, kindof.
1	In regards to Diana, although her clear times are top notch and her potential is amazing, her potential is being wasted in the jungle. She's much better at trading, scales better with good farm and items, and, overall, belongs in mid lane more than jungle. She doesn't fit the meta of a "tanky DPS bruiser" in the jungle that really defines the jungle role atm.   I use a custom rune page on her (Armor marks, Mana Regen seals, Flat AP Quints, Flat MR Glyphs) when I tried jungling her.   When comparing her to Lee Sin and Nocturne, the biggest issue I see with her is dueling. Nocturne and Lee Sin are both AMAZING duelists in the jungle, able to 1v1 almost any champion in the game succesfully; whereas, champions like Diana and Darius, who have amazing clear times and base damage, are not duelists and more traders who belong in lane.   Lee Sin, Skarner, and Maokai are all amazing picks. If I would recommend a jungler for S3 right now, it would be Nocturne. Farm till 6 and abuse new jungle farm after 11 minutes, then get free kills with your ultimate as you hit 6 before anyone else in the game.
1	I'm not saying that you can't build him ADC. I do run hybrid marks and get sorc shoes when I play him. My point is that he doesn't scale well with your standard ADC build. He doesn't scale well with crit and the AD passive on his E doesn't scale with attack speed at all. This is why if you want to actually go AD thresh you build magic pen and straight AD. Your first attack will do tons of damage, but the rest won't be all that impressive.   An actually good build on him would be something like BT -> sorc shoes -> zephyr -> wits end -> hurricane -> anything you want.
1	Every single new champion, someone posts the exact same comment and a link to a champion concept with a similar idea.   The point is, ideas are easy. Ideas are cheap. Ideas are plentiful.   EXECUTION is hard. Execution is expensive. Execution is rare. People come up with champion ideas all the time. That's easy. Making one look good, feel good, sound good, be balanced.....that's where the art comes in.   It's not in the slightest bit surprising that with the number of champion concepts thrown around every day that new champions are going to have some mirrors; especially when Riot likes playing on fantasy archetropes (possibly made that word up). It doesn't mean they copied-or were even inspired by-those ideas. Just means that they hit the same conceptual think-space the other fan-champion creator did.
0	As far as I'm aware, money is the only numerical unit where the unit is designated before the amount, despite money still being spoken with amount first, then unit. [i.e. $60 is read "sixty dollars" not "dollars sixty" whereas 60 miles is read as "60 miles".]
1	This is an issue I have. Yeah, I realize that he used spoilers... but you are coming to a subreddit talking about a game in which there is a massive playoff tournament occurring. If you do not have the time to watch two games that aired early Friday afternoon, then you should not be cycling through this sub-reddit.   If you were actually looking forward to watching the games, then you would have done everything in your power to avoid getting spoiled.   It's the age-old adage: if you are behind on the times and don't want to be spoiled, don't go to Twitter. The same is true here. If you didn't want to be spoiled regarding something that happened two days ago, then you shouldn't have been on this subreddit.
1	Wriggles is not necessary, and tabi is really good for early extra clear speed by getting early movement. However, I really want some tenacity, so if they have a heavy AP team or heavy CC, i often get mercs.   Wriggles creates a good sustain, and goves some extra armour/damage, but you won't have MR by then.   My play style is really aggressive, and focuses on countering enemy jungle and clearing my own as fast as possible. I'd say wriggles and wit's end both create clear speed. I sometimes do buy HoG, but after wriggles, and thereby delay getting my precious attack speed and slow.   Maybe it is convenient if I just sum up advantages and disadvantages for a clear overview.   Tabi:   advantages:     early clear speed due to movement   Early movement for ganks because it's cheap   armour helps in jungle and while ganking   Good for heavy AD team (jungle, top and RangedAD)     Disadvantages:     Not good against heavy CC. You will get the full duration of CC, and CC basically counters shyvana pretty hard because she preferably is in melee range.   You start jungling with armour, and often no MRes glyphs. Ganking mid will now be dangerous, as you lack the Mres to take some burst.     In general, tabi is a pretty good item for earlygame (before 10 minutes) clear speed. The sooner you pick it up, the better.   I will not discuss Mercury Threads, because if you have a look at tabi, merc has the opposite advantages and disadvantages.   Now for other items:   Heart of Gold   Advantages:     GP10   early buffer of health to make sure you don't die in small skirmishes   cheaper than giants belt     disadvantages:     delays the purchase of Phage, wit's end or wriggles   The earlier you buy it, the earlier you get the GP10 stat, but the earlier you buy it, the earlier you slow your jungle speed by not having better clearing items. So for jungling solely, it is not great.   Phage also provides health, and a decent slow which increases kill potential.     Wit's end   Advantages:     Synergises with all abilities in different ways. Attack speed buffs your q, which also procs the wit's passive twice, and your e procs every basic attack, plus your ultimate cooldown is lowered quite faster.   on-hit magic damage (should be mentioned in a seperate point)   Early magic resist that is noticeable all the way to lategame     Disadvantages:     Recurve bow (1050 gold) is a relatively expensive item, so early game, that is a lot of gold.   No health if buying first   Slower clear if buying boots->HoG->wit's     Wriggle's   Advantages:     Synergises with q by giving three times the proc chance at once when used after an auto attack   Sustain from lifesteal   extra armour for jungle   extra AD -> more damage for q   ward for enemy wraiths or blue   Makes for insane buff control, because buffs can be gone (depends on procs) in 3 seconds. That is very short, obviously.     Disadvantages:     Delays health   Delays attack speed     Situational: Zeal   Advantages:     Oh my god movement speed   Crit chance three times on q usage   Decent attack speed, pretty low cost   attack speed to stonk on shyvana (See wit's explanation)   Your ultimate gives armour and Mres, and if you're doing well, you might not need any more resistances. Phage is a logical follow-up.     Disadvantages:     Delays health   Only logical build path is trinity force, which is really stong, but not really tanky. If your team needs a tanky bruiser, don't get it.   Crit is nice, but scales off of AD, and you don't build much AD early (wit's, randuins, phage are all not high damage items)     Assessment:   I think wriggles has many advantages, but only if you want to counterjungle and be aggressive (which probably are, as shyvana). If thing's are not going your way, I would buy heart of gold, because the extra gold makes up for failing ganks. However, as shyvana, the moment you get an advantage, build insane clear speed and make life hard for the enemy jungler. Ward the enemy jungle, get some offensive items (wit's/wriggles, maybe oracle(!)), and take ALL the buffs!   I yesterday had a game where I was vs an enemy alistar jungle that was lvl 9 when I was 17 already. He didn't time his buffs, so every time he went top, I got his wolves and blue/red buffs. I had the money to ward, so I could predict and track his movement, so I could always be a step ahead. With some successful ganks and huge farm, you can stomp the enemy jungler by making it hard for him to get xp and farm. I sometimes even outlevel top lane if he is not doing well. I don't know any other jungler other than mundo, udyr or skarner that is capable of this. Maybe maokai if he has good control.   Conclusion:   Depending on your play style and the enemy team, make a clear decision about the items you should get. Try to get the advantage, and if you don't succeed, ward, build tanky and farm up for teamfights. If you do succeed, press the advantage by warding and building more offensive items.
0	This actually isn't completely true. Although gravity is a factor it one that evolution has taken into account when giving women vaginal contractions while having orgasms which help push semen in regardless of gravity. This only reduces the chance but doesn't completely remove it. If you're willing to take that chance, go right ahead.
0	Hi OP, sorry for your loss. Perhaps you were having some residual feelings of guilt for whatever reason and your brain is helping you through it by showing you a situation where you're explicitly the one responsible, allowing you to feel anger over the dream and determine for yourself that's not how it happened at all. Moving you past whatever miniscule feelings of guilt you might be holding on to.
0	I posted this elsewhere, but I'll put it here too:   If I take a step back and look at the situation from afar, I'm not exactly "angered" by how this AMA played out. It seems obvious that Woody and his "people" expected this to go down like a proper interview. I can't speculate on what else they might have believed, because he/they seemed incredibly confused off the bat. And of course, if you're not exactly internet savvy and you expect a list of predetermined questions regarding your latest movie, a Reddit-thread with thousands of comments, inside jokes and a whole discussion consisting of people laughing at a story about you doing and ditching a young girl, might be very overwhelming and confusing.   He also mentioned that he was doing other interviews, and I think that also caused a conflict. Reddit expected devoted attention, Woody+gang likely just expected a few questions, that were neatly presented to him. I believe the major issue was, that he didn't take Reddit as serious as Reddit takes itself. Reddit considers itself (I know, a bit silly to refer to "Reddit" as some entity) almost as a force to be reckoned with, and woe is the one who doesn't acknowledge it/them/us. Shit especially hit the fan when he mentioned that he "values his time highly" (or something in that fashion), insinuating that this was a waste of time, and that people taking part were also wasting their time.   I regard this as a serious miscommunication. Woody Harrelsons "peeps" were informed that Reddit was a big social community on the internet, and they agreed to answer some questions, without really looking further into it. Nothing more than that. It was incredibly funny to watch the awkwardness unfold, but in hindsight I feel a bit bad for Woody. I've only heard great things about him as a person, and I hope someone helps him iron things out. I've seen Reddit, and other similar internet communities, hold some serious grudges, and it would be a shame if a bunch of people began to resent him over a misunderstanding like this.
1	Cross-Chat: There is no such thing in Smite. Seriously. What's the use of it ?   Infact it is disabled when you install LoL, no reason to be mad about its existence.   >But the most interesting part is this: To select a god(champ) in Leagues(Ranked), you MUST HAVE MASTER THIS CHARACTER AT LEAST LVL1. This means a few things: You can't directly bring new champs in ranked.   Not sure how smite handles this, but this most likely makes trading useless (champselect), since most people play 1 to 3 lanes.   >No Duo Queue: Smite ladder doesn't have Duo Queue. It's a debate live among the Smite community. But  I  have a clear side. Solo Queue for the win.   You.   >Mode Of The Day (MOTD): While we can have a 2week special mode every 6months on league, Smite have daily mode that changes... daily.   Seems alright, but out of all the "new" modes ive played i only enjoyed poro king, so  I  dont care about this   >Actual custom games: Like, seriously. I can't believe we still doesn't have this in League. Select starting gold, map, number of players, starting level...   I  don't feel the need for this either, but I guess some people would like it   >Profile page that is worth looking: Most played character. Most played role. # of Pentakills, Quadra, Triples, etc. Win rate per modes (5v5, 3v3, ARAM, and 4v4+Arena for Smite)   We have this aswell, just for ranked (and its a bit hidden), but its a decision riot made because they want all other modes to be casual.   >Goodwill: Very simple yet cool thing. Goodwill is something you lose for leaving a game. It's basically a multiplicative for your favor, or Influence Points. If you have a low Goodwill (which could be influenced by reports and honors), you will gain less IP / game.   Seems alright, I would still prefer people getting bans if they leave regularly   >Damage Mitigated Stat: Seriously. I LOVE this. It's simple yet AMAZING stat to see and I feel completely missing from League. You want to see how efficient was your tank?   Nice feature,  I  don't need it tho (what does this actually say?)   >Gold/EXP curves in game: Why, WHY IS IT HIDDEN !? I mean, if you were some crazy mathematician, you have all the information (CS, kills, assists, time, etc) to make it. They speak continually about it in LCS, but it's only weirdly hidden in spectate mode. Why?   I'm not sure what you mean, but you can click the matches in your history and get decent information about it (or share game in the after game lobby)   >Consumable slot: It a great step forward with trinkets. But I still think Consumable should not take inventory slot. It's always a pain to manage. Wants wards and potions with your 6 items? No problems, here your 2 consumable slots.   This again, is a design choice. You would change the game quite alot by doing this.   >Voice Commands: This is AMAZING. Your "smart ping" can die in peace, I want this NOW. If you don't know about this, in Smite, you have access to a bunch of vocal commands, and can even buy a few voice packs for the fancies.   I like the smartpings and since there are not too many, its not too hard to remember which sound means what. I also actually like that you CANT buy something to make it different, for the same reason.   >Ward pings: Fun feature, I like it. It just helps map awareness. In Smite, if an enemy is detected by a ward, it pings it. Could seriously help lower ELOs and encourage them to buy wards.   I prefer people getting punished for having bad map awareness (maybe nice for co op games, but bots dont really roam anyways).
1	I think Riot wants to re-assign Riven from insta-gib all in AD assassin (face it, all of them were nerfed except maybe Talon) to mobile tanky thing. Sigh... They replaced the skillshot part of landing a good knockback to a reliable knockup for a tanky teamfight Riven.
0	This will be my first time telling this story on reddit. Coming home from getting dinner for my wife and I on a rainy night, I'm going about 38 mph in a 35 zone. Out of freaking nowhere, my window shatters. I had no idea what I had hit, and I couldn't see anything through the broken glass and rain, so I turned down the nearest street and stopped. Upon stopping I was told by an eyewitness I had hit a pedestrian. I immediately called 911, gave them my information, and in about 4 minutes police were there. I was on my way back to the scene (which was about 100 feet away from where I stopped), when I was met by officers with guns drawn. I was told to get on the ground where I was immediately was pistol whipped and had my face forced into the asphalt. I was arrested and put into the back of the cop car. I was taken to jail where I was booked for felony assault, hit and run (even though I was mere seconds from the accident and only didn't stop immediately due to shock), and DUI. The DUI was dropped as my bac was like .01 or something, they just thought I was drunk cause I admitted to having a drink about an hour earlier. I lost my job working with foster kids, I had to sell my dream car to pay my lawyers and bail, and was in mental agony for months awaiting trial. The lady I hit was given 250 thousand bucks by my insurance company under the condition she refused the right to sue me in civil court later. After months of bullshit and being drug through the ringer, I plead down to lesser charges just to be rid of the bullshit. All this after being able to prove she wasn't in a crosswalk, was wearing all black, had a blood alcohol level of .34, and ran into me. That drunk lady ruined my life. I lost my life savings, the dream job I had worked so hard for, and the child I had been fostering for over 6 years. I had to rebuild, and I wish to everything I could sue her. Things happen, shitty, shitty things. I'm gonna have to identify with Stacy on this one.
1	Ban it is the best way to deal with her as most of her matchups that she loses to are skill matchups; meaning that the matchup depends entirely on how both players play and can go either way. Fizz, Talon, Zed are your best chances to go against her if you need a midlaner. Long range waveclears are also really good against her because they force Leblanc's ability to trade and make her use her abilities to farm instead. Ziggs and Syndra can farm real easy and Syndra has the added advantage of being able to duel her because she can stun knockback Leblanc's distortion and ulti her before she can all-in you back.
1	It only seems to happen after a new patch. Each patch gets the item list sorted by price and that order gets locked for the patch. When a new patch comes along and another sort is introduced, it sees no difference between two objects at price 35g. You just need a second sort after the price sort on say alphabetical ascending.
1	Ah can somebody make
1	You win games through objectives, not kills and assists. When your team has the lead in early to mid game, you guys should be pushing for objectives continuously and pressuring the other team to either group together and lose farm from other lanes, or to risk losing an objective (eg. tower, dragon).   When games goes 40+ minutes, the early gold lead that your team had has probably diminished. Carries on both teams probably have maxed out, if not similar in items. So at that point it's about coordination in team fights and catching people out.
1	Sometimes it is and sometimes it's not.  Every person on the team has someway of contributing to your loss or victory. Trolls and afkers are just part of it and aren't your fault. Sure it still sucks to be put with them but there's always a chance for the enemy to have a troll or afker too. Elo does obviously decide who you face but things like these two are not your fault.
1	People focus so much on the kills and stats that they miss the meta decisions that result in these type of plays but fail to win games.   Doublelift gets farm in order to do these plays at the cost of objectives and money for his team.  Literally he is costing his team money by getting a few thousand gold advantage and allowing the team as a whole to match his gains.  Thus when it comes to teamfights, one of 3 things happen end game. Double lift goes down, team falls. Double can't kill the team as fast as his dies (when he is ez mostly). He can kill the other team before his falls.   Guess what happens against most teams? One of the first 2. You lose objectives you lose map presnece, you allow the other team to gain global gold advantages, you will lose the game more often than not.   This is why you can't just put Doublelift on another team and expect these types of performances AND win games. He either won't get farm he does or the same thing will happen.   This is why players like Imp and even Sneaky are better for the TEAM.
1	Did you see how low she escaped after all this? After the engage, Ahri in her team was still alive and got hit from lucian's q+double auto and a lee double q which he later didnt have to jump into vayne so if Ahri wasn't alive even for absorbing those skills and doing nothing vayne wouldn't even get a triple.
0	We were training on the use of a new software system.  We were all in a conference room, and the software vendor was remotely doing the training via phone and netmeeting, so we see their desk top.  The trainer is a computer programmer.  Her browser was IE with 3 Bing toolbars installed.  BEST PART:  in one of the search boxes was the text "man with dog head"   when we noticed we had to mute because we couldn't stop our giggling.
1	I used to carry myself as Thresh from pretty much Plat to Challenger before Morgana became the thing. Personally I think Thresh is still pretty low in lower elos because of the ability to simple keep someone CC'd for long time, get someone hooked from afar, and simply lantern someone who would otherwise be dead. Morgana is good counter to Thresh, but personally I think that Morgana is hard to play well against Thresh, if Thresh is good, he can play around your spellshield by simply waiting. Lulu is really good for poke lanes like caitlyn or ezreal.
1	To anyone saying this is a bug. It's not. Becoming untargetable literally is the same thing as dying for a brief moment.   If you ult someone as caitlyn and they die before the shot goes off, your ult is available again after a few seconds. Otherwise it would be extremely frustrating. If the shot has already been fired however, it does go on cooldown. The same counts with unvulnerabilities. This is, intended or not, a feature. it seperates the good from the great. If you have an invulnerability and you get targeted by a spell ( not a skillshot ), there's two outcomes. The good will simply use the ability, the great will wait untill the ability has been fired and then use the invuln., because of that it will go on cooldown.*
1	Riven represents the ideal Noxus: a society that upholds strength, and no matter your origin or background, one is ultimately judged and awarded by their strength. It's basically a meritocracy. However, Noxus grew corrupt, hence the chemical warfare and the genocide. Riven exiled herself because she rose through the ranks by her strength, only to see this ideal destroyed by Singed's weapons, which killed everyone regardless of strength. Darius has the similar attitude (he killed his own officer for being a coward), and has teamed up with Swain to restore Noxus to its old ways.
0	Yeah, you know why those publishers charge so much for those frequent new additions? It's because used book sales cut DEEP into their profits after just one semester of use. College bookstores resell these things for 85% of their original price after buying them from students for a tiny fraction of that. This means publishers make the vast majority of their profits in just the first semester a new addition is used so they have to charge huge prices up front and release new additions just to keep the doors open.
1	Wait... I'm confused...  Is this about being toxic, or being on blue side?
1	AOE junglers deal 10% more damage with all of their AOE abilities, in addition to  still autoattacking like everybody else does .   Literally the only downside  that AOE junglers have is that their single target damage is lower, causing them to take more damage from the big creature. If their AOE isn't strong enough to kill the other creeps in one go, it means they take more damage from the entire camp.
0	This has easily become my biggest pet peeve in all of reddit. I've commented on it before. Every single fucking Bieber post just turns into a circle jerk of people bragging about how little they care and saying anyone who cares is an idiot. Meanwhile nobody else is fucking talking about him. Like the top 30 comments will be "OMG I care so little about him, because I'm and adult, you guys are all stupid" Just fucking leave him off here.
1	The trick to mastering this map is being able to properly prioritize your objectives according to your team. There are so many potential objectives (2 lanes, 2 Jungle sides, 2 Alters, Spider, Middle speed buff) that you really cannot control them all.   So if you attempt one of the Double AD ranged builds (Example: Jayce, Tristana, Nunu) you really only need one Alter at any given time so you can continue to farm and apply push pressure. You will be naturally weaker when it comes to forced team fights on alters if you attempt to get both but the added pressure of 1 Alter + constant tower pressure allows you to force the enemy team into a defensive position or fall victim to your superior kiting potential/Nunu Ult traps(no wards makes this VERY easy).   Goal :: One Alter, constant lane pressure.     A second example would be a Solid Teamfight composition or a snowball composition (Example [Darius, Vayne, Morgana] or [Darius, Zyra, Riven]) that has no trouble constantly contesting points and fighting for alters in close quarter positions. You would only push off the back of kills or Double Alter+Spider Buff but as a result you reduce the amount of gold the enemy team can generate allowing the snowballing to begin.   Goal :: Full Alter/Spider Control + snowballed team fighting.     A third (and final) example would be a Trap team (Example :: [Blitzcrank, Malzahar, Zyra] or [Blitzcrank, Xin Zhao, Zyra] or [Blitzcrank, Darius, Zyra] ) who don't really contest points as they feed off champion kills from points. It's no secret that everyone will be attempting to capture alters so to counter act these advances, you can use the alters themselves as bait to catch players out of position. Standing on an alter provides VERY little vision to the surrounding area (There are 2 walls and a bush blocking vision when standing on an alter) allowing these style of teams to set up very easy, hard to see/predict traps centered around the alters. Even when 2-3 enemy players are sitting on a point trying to capture it, zyra can walk up and unload a full combo on the beacon at max range that the enemy champinons have to sit in if they really want the objective. And it is here that the enemy team has to make the questionable choice of Abandoning the Point vs. Taking the Point and risking a failed escape/enemy triple kill.   Goal :: Farming Kills off Alter greed and counter pushing after successful kills.
0	I'm not defending the system. I think they probably could do it. But for anyone who's curious, here's the reason why the taxes aren't on the sticker.   There are literally tens of thousands of administrative divisions in the United States. Every single one of these can levy a sales tax. That means states, counties, cities, school districts, and even individual shopping areas. (For example, a city will often encourage a new shopping mall or big store to come in by designating a "special business district" with lower sales taxes.) In addition, there are different taxes for different types of items. In some states, cities, towns, school districts, malls, etc., food may be taxed at a different level then TVs. Your method of payment may also affect the taxes. For example, it is illegal in the United States to charge sales tax to people using EBT cards (food stamps). In some places, purchases on gift cards do not incur sales tax. There are also certain days and times of the year when certain cities, counties, or states have a "sales tax holiday," when no sales tax is charged. This often falls right around the beginning of the school year to allow parents to purchase their children's school supplies for cheaper. Due to the fact that tax can change from state to state, county to county, city to city, school district to school district, mall to mall, day to day, method of payment to method of payment, and even from one shelf to the next, it makes it very impracticable to print the sales tax on the sticker price, because in many cases, it is literally impossible to know what the sales tax will be until the item is brought up to the counter for checkout. Another issue to keep in mind is that, due to varying sales tax rates, companies would not be able to advertise prices. Apple advertises an iPhone for $199. McDonald's advertises a McDouble for $1. What are they supposed to do? Make a commercial for Columbia, Missouri, where the McDouble might be $1.07? And then another commercial for Tulsa, Oklahoma, where the McDouble might be $1.09? And then another for every McDonald's in the entire country, all of which may be subject to different tax rates?   Again, I'm not trying to defend the system. It's probably feasible, at least on most products. But I'm just giving the reason why. It's not some scam to try to fuck you over. And, while I understand that it's more convenient and may be surprising to foreigners visiting North America (after all, I lived in Germany and much preferred their straightforward system), it's not some big scandal like you make it out to be. We all get used to it. We don't feel cheated. We understand that prices are going to be higher when it comes to checkout. We don't bitch about driving on the left in Australia or using the "rounds" system in Ireland or the way the entire country of Spain thinks it's proper to take a damn nap in the middle of the day. It's just a difference, and there's a good reason for it, and there's no reason to get up in arms about it.
1	Below 1200, I think it can be perceived as "failure" since you lost more ELO than you had gained. If you just didn't play you'd be at a higher ELO which can be depressing. Unfortunately, people have the false feeling that unranked people are the minority and they are "not good" but in reality, there are countless people just like them. The drawback to showing their ELO is that it can lower self-esteem and can hurt when people use it as leverage, so in my opinion, if you were to show it, give players the option of hiding it similar to everyone right now.   Another way to show people where they are in the terms of ranked skill is to show the percentile they are in in their profiles. A 1200 player can see that they are (making this up) in the 70% percentile and think this is not so bad. This too, should be shown or hidden at the player's discretion. I bring this up because ELO is a bell-curved scaling that we are not used to.   About the medals, while they may be flashy, the less you do to get something, the less the medal is worth. If I were given a medal for being alive, it wouldn't mean much to me. I think the current 4 medals are appropriately difficult that the reward is meaningful.
1	Thing is, I think piglet wouldve been better if he was still in korea, as long as he doesnt speak english Ill give the edge to sneaky for now, I do think piglet and xpecial will be the first to dethrone rush hour as strongest laning bot duo, also I dont really like the world champion argument, by that logic bebe and Lamia should be top level aswell, piglet was still top 4 in KR tho last split.
1	The thing about AD carries is that generally their kits are very very similar in that they all mostly auto attack. You can't really stray from that formula without either making a ridiculously powerful champion that has powerful autos as well as powerful spells or making an underpowered ad carry that relies mostly on spells (like ez). So, it's kind of hard to put out a unique ranged carry when there are already so many that have very similar playstyles as ranged carries.   Same with support, there are only so many ways you can design them without them being better suited for other lanes or just completely unviable.   When it comes to AP and tanks/bruisers, they either completely rely on their skills or rely on them much more than ad carries. That fact allows for so many different designs while still being capable of being balanced.
1	You know what would keep people in the game more than punishment if they don't play? How about Rito makes the game to where comebacks in lane are actually possible. If you go 0/2 early in lane its over, no matter how good you are. It needs to become actually possible for you to comeback in lane so there's actually hope in continuing playing the game.
1	Denying, Zoning, and cs'ing equates to more skill than what LoL currently has to deal with. Try [fake-deny-harass]( for yourself.     I much prefer Armor for every point of Atk Speed, HP Regen and for each point of HP, and Mana regen with Mana, to buying each stat individually in LoL. This analysis fails to account for the possibility of damage (On your auto attacks) for each point you purchase, depending on what type of hero you are.       [This is assuming you're purchasing Strength/Agility/Intelligence as opposed to the individual stat (IE Vitality Booster)]     Look at the build every AP carry goes in a high level game and come back here to talk. Only very recently have AP carries received diversity from HP (Rings or WotA)+Deathcap+Voidstaff. AD Carries have been the same since Beta (IE+PD+LW), and Supports are stuck to GP/10 and Reverie (Drums of Endurance) in to another item or two.      There is diversity to item choices in DotA that LoL can only pray for. They'll get there one day, in 6 more years. The active abilities are crucial and bring the diversity LoL is trying to achieve. Their is enough items and effects, and team combinations (In DotA), to warrant that every game you should (optimally) build very differently to counter what you're playing against.     Your point here I agree with. You have to be more smart about using your abilities in DotA than LoL; to ensure a kill, or force an escape skill. You cannot play willy-nilly with your mana and OOM yourself like LoL players tend to do, because they can. This includes making calculated tower dives as well.      My question to OP is, 'Why?' I've played 1.7k games of LoL, and I am leaving it for DOTA 2. The community is better in my experience so far; with voice chat in game, real strategy and the art of the draft, I just get wet at the prospect of a competitive change of pace.   (LoL is competitive, but differently. Compare the laning phases and when heroes take towers compared to champions*. Compare a VOD from Tobi to a LoL tournament.  Na'vi coming back from being down double rax with a fed morph from a just purchased Rapier for Windrunner.)   *Laning phase for LoL lasts until to 15 minute mark on average, with a 9-11 minute drake (dragon). In DOTA 2, taking a tower at 4 minutes isn't uncommon, with 2-3 down by the 11 minute mark. Roshan (Nashor in LoL) can be taken at lvl 1, as opposed to its spawn at the 15 minute mark in LoL.   The attitude of most LoL players is that they're king with their 51% win rate with a champion at an average ranking. They don't realize that they don't deserve ranking they don't have, and that any higher of a ranking and they'd be the team feeder with that champion. Also, it's always their teams fault they lost. They don't ever consider that '[...]90% of the time it's their fault they didn't win.' (Partial quote from 5HITCOMBO: "While 90% of the time it's not your fault you lost, 90% of the time it is your fault you didn't win.")
1	Bloodrazors are good against enemies with high health and low magic resist. Unless it makes sense for your character to build magic pen (Kog-Maw, etc), you'll probably be better off with an infinity.   Lets make up some numbers to prove my point (but really, this is decently accurate I'd say. If you disagree on my numbers, bring it up and I'll address it or change it.)   Mid-game, squishy enemies have 1300 or so health, tanks are rocking 2k. Squishies take 52 bonus magic damage. Tanks take 80.   Squishies have 30 mr. Tanks have 80.   Squishies therefore take actually take 40 damage, not 52. Tanks take 44 damage, not 80.   Your physical damage is 108, squishies have 50 armor, tanks have 90.   Squishies take 72 damage, tanks take 57.   Total squishy damage per attack: 102. Total tank damage per attack: 101.   This is all working on the assumption you don't have magic pen or magic resist reduction on your dps character.   1.16 attacks per second   10 seconds (to even out) =  1177-1183 damage depending on whether it's the tank or the squishy.*   Now, lets say you instead bought an infinity. I'll use the same stats for everything.   Crit: 395   Non-Crit: 158   Squishy + Crit: 263   Squishy Non-Crit: 105   .892 attack speed   10 = 9 attacks  9 attacks   .2 = 1.8 crits, 7.2 non-crits  Total squishy damage = 1.8   263 + 7.2   105 = 1229.   Tank + Crit: 208   Tank + Non-Crit: 83   .892 attack speed   10 = 9 attacks  9 attacks   .2 = 1.8 crits, 7.2 non-crits  Total squishy damage = 1.8   208 + 7.2   83 = 971.   Here, infinity wins out slightly against squishies, but loses against tanks. Lets say it's later in the game, now you have a last whisper and another bf sword.   Squishies have 1800 health, 90 armor, 60 magic resist.   Tanks have 2.5k health, 160 armor, 100 magic resist.   Squishy damage /w Bloodrazor per hit: 45 (72) magic, 123 (189) physical = 168 total   Tank damage /w Bloodrazor per hit: 50 (100) magic, 96 (189) physical = 146 total   Over 10 seconds:  Squishy - 1.569   10   168 = 2635   Tank - 1.569   10   146 = 2290   Infinity normal: 239 Infinity crit: 597.5   Squishy Damage Per Crit /w Infinity: 388 Squishy Damage Per Non-Crit /w Infinity: 155   Tank Damage Per Crit /w Infinity: 305 Tank Damage Per Non-Crit /w Infinity: 122   Over 10 seconds:  Squishy - (1.3   10   .2   388) + (1.3   10   .8   155) = 2620   Tank - (1.3   10   .2   305) + (1.3   10   .8   155) = 2405   About equal damage for squishies, better damage for tanks.   These numbers will lean more and more towards the infinity the more fed you get. The thing is that going pure physical damage allows your crit chance, damage, armor penetration and armor reduction to all work together. Splitting into magic damage means less crits (or no crits at all), and split penetration or reduction between two types of defenses (or no pen/reduction for magic).   The pure physical damage build is going to give you better numbers in many situations in the early game, while giving much better numbers as you get more and more fed in the future. If you take into account 18 or 30 flat armor pen from marks/quints, the numbers are even better for infinity.   Of course, bloodrazor makes sense in some situations. If they have cho/olaf, and both are stacking health but neglecting resist, yes, it's worth it. No doubt. If you're ww and you get to hit 5 times in like a second and a half, yes, it's worth it. If you want to be able to own Nashor with ease, yes it's worth it. If you want to kill the vast majority of enemy champions the fastest you possibly can, while scaling from the moment you get your item until the end of the game, whenever that is? Skip it.   Note: Lifesteal is  NOT  useful during fights in lol. The healing will never keep up against any kind of focus fire. The money you waste on lifesteal is better spent on something else. Unless you have it because you bought a Starks or a Bloodthirster, and you already have an infinity. Then it's worth it, but not for the lifesteal - for the other effects of those two items.   Edit: Oh, another important point -- it's always better to do more damage per hit, than to hit faster. It's a problem with any time that you multiply out the damage the way I have. Having 1.5 attack speed instead of 1 doesn't actually mean that you hit 50 percent more often. The amount of times that you can just sit there and autoattack without moving, juking, dodging, chasing, or controlling distance between yourself and enemy heroes is pretty rare. These numbers would be more skewed towards infinity if there was an easy way to take this into account.   Edit 2: Man, I just realized that's pretty unreadable. Lets try this:
0	Whoa, this is a thing? Like 4 years ago, my friends and I couldn't grow beards for "no-shave november" and thought if we started "no semen september" that it would somehow redirect the testosterone to our faces. Did someone else think of this? Or did our idea actually catch on?
1	I disagree.   There's many other reasons to have a smurf.   Sometimes I want to play but I dont want people in my friendlist to know about it.   Sometimes I want to play with friends that are low bronze and if we queue up for normals together we get matched against people that are much better than them and it's a stomp and its not fun for anyone.   Sometimes I want to try a role Im not all that great with (Not that I suck or troll with, just that I dont feel entirely comfortable with) in a ranked tryhard environment and I want to play in lower mmr so I dont ruin my team's game.   Even maybe sometimes my match history is full of loses and I want to keep playing but feel like there's a different feeling there and not like I'm stuck in the same losing streak. (I know this doesnt make any actual sense it's just a psychological shit, but it helps!)
0	I have never met my wife's birth mother or sister.  She cut them off entirely several years before we met, and based on the stories I hear, it was a good move.   The good news is, she has a great relationship with her  real  mom, her dad, and her siblings.   Occasionally my wife feels guilty for cutting her birth mom off... but she feels worse that her mom isn't "really" her mom.  I just hug her and tell her that's bullshit, because her "real" mom helped her see her wedding dress.   The
0	As a society? We're doing it right now by talking about it. As long as we don't pat ourselves on the back and say "good job, racism's over" and forget about it, we'll keep moving toward actually accomplishing that very thing. I mean, things still have to happen. I won't pretend to know what policies would be best, but we've done nothing but improve so far in America, so I think someone has it handled. We just need to make sure the people handling it remember we're not quite finished.   On a personal scale? Super hard (I'm being serious here; I always have to point out I'm not a novelty account). You need to pay attention to everything you do, which is tiring and frustrating... not to mention it requires a self-awareness that some people just never get for whatever reason. Even trying to correct the problem can make it worse, since if you analyse every single thing a black person does to see if you're being fair, you can easily get overly critical or patronizingly polite.
1	All your points about Janna are true, but Janna is just in a terrible spot right now, so saying Thresh is better than Janna says nothing, because, shit,  Soraka  is better than Janna right now.   Thresh is not tankier than Blitzcrank. His hook hits for longer but it doesn't pull as far, nor does it pull over walls. Thresh's Flay is a hard-to-use skillshot vs. an Auto-attack modifier, and it costs a lot more mana than Power Fist. Thresh's hook has a bigger hitbox but a longer windup time. And again, Thresh's hook only allows him to pull people a short distance and then choose to go in himself. Contrast with Blitz's hook which pulls people all the way to him. If you nail a squishy with that hook you've just created a 4v5. Thresh has to potentially put himself in danger to get the most out of his Q.   Thresh's ultimate compared to Zyra's... is not even in the same ballpark.  Zyra's does damage immediately at activation and then knocks up, while also increasing the power of her plants in range. She can do this from 700 units away, farther than anybody can auto-attack. Thresh, on the other hand, has to be in the fray to use his ult, then has to hope his enemies hit the walls (or he Flays them into a wall). A full-team Zyra ult is FAR more impact-ful (and does more damage) than a full-team Thresh ult, and Zyra probably doesn't die afterwards, whereas Thresh has a much higher chance to die in the process.   While we're comparing Thresh to Zyra, let's talk about AA ranges! Zyra is so much better than Thresh because she can attack from so much farther away. Zyra is so much better than Thresh because her long-range skillshot is a multi-target snare that can pass through minions instead of a single-target stun that minions can block. Zyra is so much better than Thresh because she gets free plant-turrets to do damage for her and zone for her.   Your arguments show only one side of things. The truth is champions are different. Blitzcrank is better at certain things than Thresh (like pulling people over walls, creating 4v5's, running fast, doing AoE Silences, and taking down towers). Zyra is better at many things than Thresh, like zoning, doing Aoe damage from afar, CC-ing multiple people safely, and getting revenge after dying.
1	what if an accident happen , how could he think about it before going in queue.
0	In most states this is always true.  In some states, private student loans creditors may go after survivors for the money (even though the federal ones never will).   And don't forget.  When that student loan is cancelled for any reason, even death, it's reported and counted as income by the IRS.  That means that the total amount is taxable as income.  And your family will have to deal with it.
1	Just to point out voyboy had a whole year to adopt the clg playstyle but didnt. The reason voyboy was regarded as the best top lane prior to going to clg because he would play full aggression much like silsol or wickd does. This naturally will win lane because at the time crumbz would camp mid and force the jungler into staying mid/bot to counter crumbz and top lane would be voyboy island. Voyboys playstyle fit this perfectly but clg doesnt play this way. Hotshotgg always played champions designed to farm top and push.
0	It is still literally taking their work. Playing "Enter Sandman" by Metallica and then playing the same song by the Scott Davis, it's obvious that they have different sounds and provoke different feelings. To get the sheet music and play it yourself is the equivalent of building your own ferrari, because you are responsible for any flaws in the design and differences that literally cannot be duplicated (in this example, Hetfield's voice). When the technology exists to make multiple copies of anything with no cost and they still sell it at the original cost, tough shit. Buy it or don't, and remain an honest person. But take a look at the people involved in the transaction of downloading: The artist worked and didn't get your money; you didn't work and got his music. It's not a matter of whether the product you took was "worth" the price they asked, or if you did or didn't hurt their pocketbooks by downloading instead of buying. It's the fact that you didn't buy what was for sale.
1	Noone considers lion a weak hero and he is certainly viable and pickable. Io was nerfed(but not overnerfed) and it never had 100% win ratio. So instead of pulling numbers out of our ass, let's talk with actual data from the international 4 qualifiers   244 games, 98 heroes picked out of 103(+4 who arent available for captain's mode because they are new). Io was picked in 31 games(it doesnt show bans though) and had 35.5% win ratio. 35.5% win ratio? My god, Io must suck, it definitely needs a buff /s   Lion was picked in 6 games and has 50% win ratio. Obviously io is more popular than lion but that doesnt mean that it is better. It is just a completely different support hero.   What is strongest, making your carry(and yourself) take 20% less dmg+attack speed, root enemies and being able to teleport yourself+carry anywhere on the map? Or having 2 insane cc(one of which is aoe line) and one nuke that literally 1shots heroes? Both heroes are extremely strong in their own way.
0	I mean the key really is clear communication.  I've always approached any kind of deal this way:  "if I'm this worried he's going to screw me over, he's probably just as concerned I'm trying to screw him."  And then I just do my best to be transparent and take the first step toward building trust.  Most people will reciprocate that.  Most people won't lie right to your face when you take that approach, some do, but not many.  The ones you have to watch out for are the ones who can't really hold up their end of the bargain - "well my girlfriend is outside with the full $190" or, I got $160 now, and I get paid tomorrow".   The truly sketchy ones won't expose their lies and will always have a different excuse or complication that prohibits them from matching your level of openness.  You want to believe them but you can never seem to shake that doubt about them, and your end always has more risk than theirs.
1	my god, i have this friend A and friend B. I usually duo-q with friend A in normals, and after game if we search up the players, the people we are laning against are usually 1400-1700 elo.   We invited friend B this time, and as soon as the game completes loading he says   "matching making fail"   "why am i going against 1500 elos lol"   "gg"   and then he proceeds to say   "I searched you all up :D"   and then we lost the game because all of us played bad, and he still thinks we lost because of matchmaking. It's very frustrating dealing with him, so we simply stopped inviting him to our games.
0	Let's set some ground rules here:     All of these arguments about who is better qualified for the job act like employers have  objective  knowledge about a candidate's qualifications. This is bullshit. Interviews and applications are  subjective  evaluations of one group by another group of people. (HINT: This is where the racial/gender/economic biases come in.)     White people aren't the only ones with privileges. Black people aren't the only ones with disadvantages. The USA has a lengthy history of institutionalized oppression of diverse ethic groups, genders, religions, and etc...often instituted and eventually "rectified"  by the government . Notice how no one has mentioned the stigma we harbor against people with disabilities or mental health issues? Discrimination just isn't a simple topic. This often means that  BOTH SIDES OF THE ARGUMENT  have valid points. It also means that regardless of whether you think the government  should  play a role in issues of discrimination, it  will  play an essential role as it always has.     Discrimination  hurts  enough already. If someone of color gets a job over a white man in your department, don't take it out on the new hire. It's not their fault. If you are discriminated against, remember not to cause the same pain to others. Don't rally against your "oppressor's" race.  The only way we can move forward as a society is to do so together.       Some challenging questions from this thread are:     Should we strive for equality or justice?     Is discrimination against the individual warranted to correct for discrimination against a population?       Certainly these are important questions, but I don't see how we move forward past these roadblocks if we continue to emphasize the points on which we disagree.   Instead let's focus on areas in which we agree. Discrimination is hurtful and negatively impacts our society. Can we find areas in which we can make a positive impact and start there? Can we collaborate with people from diverse socioeconomic groups to make sustainable changes through positive action?   Or is it more important for us to enjoy the individual validation of yelling out our frustrations from the top of a mountain--even at the expense of drawing the cycle of oppression onward and upward...to the front page?
1	I don't see how anyone could read that angsty 17-page rant and come out thinking Link was one of the good guys. Best case scenario is he was complacent and did nothing to improve the team's morale because he was mentally checked out, worst case is he was actively part of the problem. The
1	Hey, Alex, Imma let you finish, but I want to take a minute to recognize Legion.   I've been a big fan of Legion for a long time and always knew that they had a hell of a lot of potential.  When I first saw them in the qualifiers for MLG Providence (and at the tournament itself), they demonstrated a very high talent ceiling but looked like they needed a lot of practice.  They've been playing catch-up to other pro teams, since, and I'm SO HAPPY to see them really break out here.   They've been inconsistent in the past, and hampered by their constant inability to get all five members to events.  While they would probably be doing even better with pr0lly in mid, Wild Turtle is doing an awesome job as a sub.  In Anaheim for MLG, they lost Lautemortis and didn't perform up to their potential, but now they're coming in guns blazing.   Props to Demunlul, who is, in my humble opinion, one of the best AD Carry players in NA.  He's been putting the team on his back and, combined with some sick jungling out of Laute, really leading the team to victory.
1	Let's not compare anonymous internet dipshittery to rape please.  I've too many friends who've been subject to that (and never randomly) to think it's suitable for comparison.  The fact is the entire argument for punishing people for what is on its face a ridiculous request relies on assuming the recipient is depressed  and  suicidal  and  able to be "pushed over the edge"  and  playing in a game where this is happening.   Clearly it's not advisable behavior and if it's frequent enough to get you in trouble via the tribunal then that's a fair punishment.  If you're not offending frequently enough and not being punished then you're not really a problem.  People act like this is a common thing but in my 4k+ games I can probably count on one hand how often I've heard it.  The worst case scenario as it were is both unlikely and has 0 evidence supporting its claimed effect in people.  On the other hand, the more indifferent response is both more healthy and we have scores of people posting about how bad it's supposed to be but who are very much alive.
1	i'd say that hes back in action, atleast as an ad bruiser, not sure, if going ap, will work. Tried him jungle first after the patch, went 5/2/2 and won. went top next against an AP Yi, who got camped by their jungling Tryndamere, i went 16/2/0, yet i didn't get any ganks, Then i tried top again, against an AP bruiser Nidalee, it was a quiet laning phase, since we could both escape each time we were about to die, so it was pretty much just about farming that game, went 4/3/2, their jungler ganked once, my jungler didnt gank even once, so i kinda forced to stay top instead of roaming, so i wouldn't loose my lane.
1	Maybe I'm biased by playing my placements recently, but in 9 out of 10 times it was just about skill in the bot-matchups. In the placements I played a game as Nami support with an Tristana adc who prefered to take tp over heal..... after 20 missed lasthits i decided to play ad Nami. We still lost pretty hard as expected (mid was feeding and the enemy team got all dragons), but i still "outdamaged" and "outcsed" the enemy jinx.   What I'm trying to say is, that in low elo there is no such thing as bad match-up which favors a lane-swap. Just play better than your opponent and you will win lane most of the time. (Ok, ok. There are hardcounters sometimes, but mostly due to the fact that the player is not experienced enough playing against certain champs)   But maybe there is hope and it was just the placements where i lost 5 times because of a lvl 30 freshman who had 80 normal wins.
1	about 60-70% of the randoms u meet in solo que are total a-holes...   If you both jump in at about the same time its a kill for the team noone Ks'd  anyone.   However if someone does 90% of the damage on a guy and u jump in with a spell to "steal" the kill well then its a KS.  HOWEVER i still say it's benefitting the team whoever gets the kill.   Also i would like to point out that when i play with friends i usually let our carry get the last blow on purpose just because an early fed carry will most likely win you the game earlier.   Playing with randoms i usually go mid and will do anything to KS because im usually playing a carry.
1	I'm really glad this is being implemented as its own queue, I do have times where I'll really really want to play a certain champ, but it is either banned often or too against the meta for my team to get along (or I simply might not get that role).
0	I think the sentiment they're really trying to convey is to move on from the hang up which isn't easy. Not everyone is a natural conversationalist, but there is something to a small degree in what the OP posted I think and it would be to try and position yourself to do what you want and find some contentment in what you have.   I spent a year essentially friendless with my only social interaction with one co worker and random cashiers along the way. But in that year I got to know myself pretty damn well and what I really want and want to do.   I bought a boat, a small kayak (insert maybe I should buy a boat cat because he/she really should), and made some friends out of old co workers who were into kayaking and just spent a shit load of time out doors drinking a lot of beer... And it was fantastic, but I wouldn't have come to this if I hadn't learned to find some contentment in my solitude and be happy with myself and stop carry so much about other peoples thoughts and more about my own in relation to what I want to do with my life.   Ultimately the want for social interaction kicked in to a degree, but now I'd almost prefer the company of strangers. But given my childhood I was surrounded by conversationalists who could and would talk with almost anyone my only failing ended up being lacking their tact.
1	You Americans, always sleeping through the action!! :)   I THINK it was a guy sharing a sad story of a good friend always caring for his friends, giving them skins/gifts in-game. In general just an awesome human being!   Someone pretended to be this person on Reddit to get attention, and before long a RIOT employee told him to PM with names. Other people may also have contributed some, not sure about that one.
1	So, how come it is only people who bought these champions two weeks prior to this reduction get the IP and/or RP back, surely (from my "spoiled brat" side) people who have purchased these champions, no matter the time prior to the change ought to get the refund as it is their money/points which they COULD have saved. I know what you are doing at the moment is reasonable, please tell me if what I am asking is nonsensical but riot will not LOSE money from doing so, but would rather slightly have a minor reduction in profits.
0	I think its because their faith is so strong that it illicited strong emotions. If you said something like that to me I wouldn't give to shits because I'm not religious.   Say if you had a child and you couldn't make financial ends meet and I suggested to euthanize the kid so you can feed yourself. (a logical, but completely emotionally detached solution) You would be extremely offended even though it is a  purely  logical solution to the problem.   Now before everyone gets their jimmies into maximum overrustle. I am talking about  pure  logic with absolutely no emotion. The solution I suggested is absolutely out of the question because we have morals  based on emotion
0	I can imagine that being the case. I feel like a lot of why my ex was unhappy in the end was simply because of something a lot like that. I've been hearing from my friends since we broke up and they really do think I treated her way better than she deserved and she treated me way worse than I deserved. Yet, it was her, not me, that was unhappy and refused to work it out. Whenever I found something I didn't like, I tried to talk about it. Which rarely did anything other than have her throw my old mistakes back into my face as if they were still applicable.   I have this tendency to totally forgive and entirely forget bad things and flaws that people have. I just ignored most of her issues cause there was so much more to her than that and I thought I knew her better. She was the opposite. She tended to ignore people's merits and the good things they did for her because they did something wrong once. She now looks at me like I'm some horrible person because I think that's all she remembers about me. She's been surprised by my kindness several times, even though she lived with it for years and just forgot. I actually reread through an old journal of mine and realized just how often she used to treat me like total shit. I don't even remember most of it.   I have years of stories of sacrificing to make her life better and to advance her schooling and career at the detriment of my own. I had always assumed when she got out of school and into a career that she would help me focus on my schooling so I could eventually get into a career. When it came time for her to sacrifice a little for me, the relationship ended. One of the reasons she gave when she ended it: We're on different life paths now; You're still in school and I'm in my career*.   *She would likely failed school without my intervention (and writing a lot of her A papers) or, at a minimum, not gotten above a C average. Additionally, if it wasn't for nepatism she wouldn't have the career she looked down on me for not having as she wouldn't have even been considered for it otherwise. She does fantastic at her job, I'm not saying that she doesn't, but she clearly didn't qualify. I also know she was turned down from every place she applied to within her chosen field.
1	I recently had a game where everyone had called and picked their roles until the last guy, he was supposed to be adc, but he went and picked Riven. After some panicking, I as Malph top, volunteered to go bot with the support Blitz vs a Kennen+Yi lane. A bigger ass kicking could not have been given that lane.
1	To clarify this, it is possible for a note-taking/speech to text reporter to do live, remote 'subtitles' and there ARE professionals who do this as their full time job. I am an electronic note taker so can do such things, however it would not be verbatim.   Speech to Text Reporters are qualified to do around 150-200 Words Per Minute, which is roughly around the speed of the casting that is currently set as a standard. If Riot would like I have contacts, if any rioter who doesn't have my contact and wants to trial a system with note taking professionals ask Tiza or Janook, and I can pass along my professional contacts.
0	BULLSHIT BULLSHIT BULLSHIT I had a 4.2 GPA in highschool and got multiple apology letters from schools and scholarship providers saying that I would have gotten it if I were a minority. You're full of bullshit.  Colleges have ethnic percentages that they are federally mandated to meet or they will get no federal funding.  So as long as a minority individual does adequately in school, they will bump a great white student out of scholarship eligibility.
1	It makes sense. People may get frustrated in a normal game, rage a bit and not really lost too much out of it. If you really want to troll someone, ruin a game that counts right?
0	Because there is no such thing as an 'ideal' husband to play that part. A lot of time is spent establishing the 'goodness' and other virtues of the husband/father. We might see such a pair up with a buff guy, but we then immediately categorize him as a gym asshole. When we find out he's not, the audience questions why they thought he was bad in the first place, then why he is paired up with whomever is partnered with. If that partner is not the most kind, excellent, etc person despite the attribute that immediately made people doubt the husband, then the audience thinks the husband and partner ought not be together.... And that's a whole pile of thinking the writers would rather the audience not do.
0	I live on base so I know quite a few wives and girlfriends. Of all the ones I know, one has cheated, and the rest of us cut her out. We hate it just as much, if not more than the guys because it gives us a terrible name. I can't tell you how many people have told me I would cheat on my husband. And have I? No, because I'm actually a decent human being. Yes, I know. It is crazy those exist.
0	No, the mother was just a one night stand and the kids aren't even his kids.  Ted's quest has always been to find  the one , except we all know he's clearly a psychopath that can't hold a stable relationship, and realizing he will never find  the one , he goes insane.  He bangs this girl one night, ties her up in the bedroom, and decides to try and force her to marry him.  But then he finds out she has kids, and remembering the estranged relationship he has with his own father, he knows this forced marriage will never work if the kids don't love and respect him.  So he sits them down and attempts to explain his life story in order to make them empathize with him and convince them that he and their mother are in love.  He also talks to them like they're his own kids because in Ted's mind, seeing as he is about to marry their mother, they already are his kids.
0	Yepp, that attitude is usually perceived as selfish and met with initial hostility. But, raising someone else's kids is a  huge  deal. Not only are you in in that awkward not-dad position, but you'll have to deal with the real dad, his schedule, etc.   Psychology today once devoted an entire issue to the situation. Wish I had kept it.. basically almost every article in it concluded with "don't do it". If memory serves me correctly, the odds of not everything not ending in disaster are better when both parties already have kids, and/or the other parent is completely out of the picture (widow situation for example).
0	My first and only job was working at --------- a local restaurant and as a dishwasher I hated it. I hated the shit hours shit pay. And worst of all the managers that think your beneath them. I will never work in restaurant industry again. It was the worst fucking job ever. I made minimum wage for 20 hours a week. I finally quit when my boss made a mistake and cut my hours from 18-20 to 6 for one week. Ok no big deal I confront him he tells me it will be fixed. The next week I get 6 hours. I quit the Friday my last check printed. If they wanted to motivate me they should've done positive reinforcement. I don't take negativity in my wallet well.
0	Canada typically uses "British" English for the most part, when it comes to spelling. Colour, etc. We do not however, share your colloquialisms at all. Words like bullocks, bobby, lift, carpark, etc are virtually unheard of here. We're much more American in those regards.   However! Many, many people interchange words like colour/color all the fucking time unless it's official (like a public sign, business name etc). We still use imperial for all sorts of things like cooking temperatures and measurements, football (handegg), and it's still very prevalent in the trade industry (mostly construction due to a lot of the older generations still working).
1	I am not familiar if /u/RiotMagus are responsible for the twitch stream but can you please add in filler segments for every bo5 match that is played so that we don´t get spoiled by the remaining streamtime of the twitch stream?   What I mean is if a team leads 2-0 in a bo5 and the stream ends in 50 minutes then I know it will be a 3-0. Just prolong the twitch stream for each missing bo5 game by around 1 hour and show us some great replays/interviews/ads or a countdown until the next stream starts. Literally showing anything works but  please don´t stop the stream directly after the last game if it was not 5 games played .   I don´t watch them live because then I miss things when I make a pause for bathroom/cigarette/eating etc. I also cannot watch a good play 2 or 3 times in a row without missing anything. That is why I don´t like watching it live.   I wanna watch the games quasi live on twitch.   By that I mean I turn in 30 minutes later into the twitch vods and can pause at any point. And when I have to make a longer break I can watch from the same point in time when I come back.   Youtube has the same where I can pause the live stream but this live stream gets deleted once it is finished (or shortly after) and I cannot continue to watch the stream after it is deleted obviously.   The lolesport vods are not on the fly like watching the stream with 30-1h delay most of the time so it is not a solution either.
1	Pretty sure if CW was stomping some low rank challenger team they would do the same shit. Its a fucking game and it was clear that Alliance still tried hard to win. You could see it in Froggen's face during the game that he was still serious, talking to his team, and making calls. Sure there were probably some laughs about how crazy the kills were, but guess what? CW is a PROFESSIONAL team and if they get stomped that hard by a team that should be at similar level then clearly there is something wrong with their own play that they need to fix.  Go home and figure out why you got stomped so hard and don't get so salty about your "friends" using items that helped to stomp you harder. ALSO didn't he tweet something along the lines of "the game should be investigated not due to the builds but because Alliance wouldn't close out the game and were intentionally trying to farm fantasy points"? Now that Riot said that Alliance will not be punished suddenly he is mad about the items lol. This guy needs to way more professional. Showboating could go way worse than this (if you can even call this game showboating).
1	You just said good and bad players play Champion A. So the second factor is dead even. 1/1.   This is a false assumption. You're assuming equal numbers of good and bad players play Champion A, which is not something you can assume, especially given that most of the playerbase is not what you would call "good". Particularly on higher skillfloor champions like Zed.   The second problem is that certain champions (like Zed) have higher skillcaps to go with their higher skillfloor (aka learning curve), so really pro players can do amazing things with them. Cool, so far, so good. However, the bad players see the good players doing awesome things and think they can do that as well. Then they lose.   So a champion can be really good and still garner lower winrates because said champion is only good in the hands of someone with skill, and there are vastly more people without skill than people with skill.   For a clear math example, let's break from reality for a second here and say that I'm Diamond 1 and thus considered a "good" player. For every diamond player there are at least 10 bronze-silver noobs who will play the same champion, particularly if said champion is considered "OP" because their kit is strong. So unless I'm playing the same number of games as 10 bronze/silver noobs (which would probably necessitate playing nearly 10 times the amount of games I would normally), odds are good that the bronze/silver noobs will bring the winrate of that champion down.   And that's assuming I win every game, which I most likely won't.
0	May I say. This is a common idea that bugs me. I am well paid, I have a good job that means I make more than the median house hold income. This in no way means that I am worth more than you. All it means is that I found an employer who was willing to pay me for my skills and talents. You can take time to invest in yourself and make your self more marketable but this doesn't make you worth any more.
1	No. Riot will not implement a voice chat because the game has pretty much plateaued at this point. The whole "it will lead to "negative behaviour" based on "data" they collected" is complete bullshit.   Talking to people on voice will humanize the other players and your team mates. It may seem insignificant but the simple fact that you hear people's voices will on a subconscious level greatly affect the way you interact with them. Voice comms will greatly diminish miscommunication between players. In the middle of a tower dive, you won't stop and type "I'll tank" or "you tank"; if it fails you won't have the players rage at each other. In the middle of a fight, you won't stop for 10 sec to type something like "zed is flanking, peel back and then re-engage when flanks are secure" and even if you did, no one would have the luxury to read that. In voice chat, all you have to say is "zed flanking. back off"- takes 2? secs.   There's more I can say about it but I'm too lazy.
1	NightBlue3 is just very specific on how the game should work, he tells evrything like it is now because there is SO many people that want to learn and know things NOW, not just if you do well you can solo win, he tells everyone what his team did wrong and "flames" to tell everyone what should have happened, he's just saying it in a way that we can all understand, because we've all been in that position where we feel wronged by our team when we are performing well and our team makes fatal mistakes. But we should note that he doesn't tell his team anything; for the most part, as it wouldn't help his team play better. He plays his role and EXPECTS others to play theirs, I don't see what's wrong with that at all. I respect him as both a player and streamer for being informative and almost a very daily dedicated streamer. I don't think we can truly blame him, he streams so much that half the time he "flames" it's because he is tired or stressed from so much streaming, and if you don't think that is stressful at all, try playing a game that requires most of your attention, but you also have to keep THOUSANDS of people happy or at least entertained.
1	Honestly it will likely be pretty much the same. We can relate it to two different things: other popular multiplayer games and popular spectator sports, as league is somewhat of a hybrid between the two.   American Football has virtually been the same game for a hundred years. How we watch it, how many commercials, the teams, etc change over time, but the game hasn't really changed.   On the other hand, Look at call of duty, world of Warcraft, other popular online multiplayer games, and again, very little has changed in the core of these games. Graphics get better, little details change, but they are by and large the same games they were when they released.
1	So I had three games, aram, normal, normal. My mmr isnt even bad, its around dia 5, I assume. And every game I got atleast 3 flamers.   First game was someone out of my team cursing about how good their aram team was, etc.   second game was against a toplane riven, who apperentaly wasnt friendly enough to do some funtalk on lane and instead called me "the shittiest crap player ever" and other things, even though she was 1/3 with the kill she stole from the kha gank.   Third game was with riven mirror top. Ours apperentaly never heard of of attack cancelling, calling the other one "pro" "hacker" and other stuff.
1	I played normals from 1-10 and swapped to co-op vs AI for the next 20 levels, I came straight off bots onto normals and had 0 problems, I understood the mechanics just fine, I knew how to play the champions I owned.   Shortly after went into ranked when I had enough champions and always came out well (I played support, more of a fun relaxed role where it's really hard to get blamed for a team losing).
1	You can play almost all the champions with 2 basic rune page. Lets say one with arpen reds, ad quints, armor yellows, magic resist or magic resist/lvl blues, and one with magic pen reds, ap/hp/movement speed quints, and the same yellows and blues, but if you have enough ip, i highly recommend to buy rune pages and runes.   About champions. It's the best if you can play 2-3 champions in every role at least decently, and you should try to master 1-2 champion in the role you like to play the most. So let's say you like to play mid the most,  Morgana and Ahri are both very good, and safe picks. Let's say you mastered them, but you must be prepared to play other roles if you get in a situation where you can't pick what you want.   Also, it's important to play more than one champion/role, because if you play only Jax top, and the enemy picked Malphite, it's smart to pick something less auto attack/attack speed reliant champion.   If you want specific champion suggestions, i would say those:   mid: Morgana, Ahri, Kennen, Vlad   top: Jax, Malphite, Yorick, Vlad, Kennen   ad: Graves, Corki, Ezreal, Miss Fortune   support: Soraka, Ali, Taric, Sona   jungler: Lee, Maokai, Ali   I just tried to list some safe and good picks, so by all means, if you are very good with Akali, abuse her as hard as you can, etc...
0	this entire thing is only two sentences.  U high?   I'm too old for Miley, I'm too old for Selena, but goddammit I'm not too old for
0	I had a good one while I was in college in a small-ish town.  I was on my way to the DMV to get my license back after it was suspended for a BUI(Boating under the influence). The DMV is on the opposite side of town from the school, I asked the bus driver when she would be back at this stop and she told me the time I then said please don't leave without me I will be here at that time(I had a class).  It was raining that day and the bus stop near the DMV was exposed but you could see it from the shelter of the DMV building.  I had finished my business at the DMV and was waiting for the bus when I see it round a corner 15 mins early.  I start running over to the stop which has nobody at it because she is early and the weather.  But because nobody is there she only stops for a brief second and moves on.  She can see me running and waving my arms at this point, luckily she has to stop at the intersection I am crossing and I make it to the door.  I knock on it fully expecting for her to open it and let me on, she wont even look at me.  I start pounding on the door and yelling please please let me on.  Nope.  She just pulls away while the people on the bus look on apologetically.  I was so angry, that while calling friends looking for a ride and yelling about my experience people were coming out of their business' to see what the commotion was.  Luckily I only had to walk about 3 miles and saw another bus and this driver had a heart and waited for me.
1	My question is, so what if people want to do bronze to challenger streams?   IMO, it should be made so that when you dodge your placement matches, it counts as a loss and after you dodge all 10 games, you just get into bronze 5. This way people avoid intentionally throwing games.   The nightblu3 bronze to diamond streams were incredibly interesting and they help out people a lot. Instead of punishing people for doing something bad to do something good, we should make it so that we don't have to do something bad in order to be eligible to do something good.
0	Sounds a bit like  Jehovahs witnesses !  They are all (a lot of them) on prescription meds and pass it around their kingdom halls like its the dark area under a bridge.   Homophobic-  They are homophobic and believe that they should supress their urges.   Misogyny- Women are not allowed to teach, or give talks or hold any position of authority in the church.  They cant pray outloud with a baptized male around or they need to have a head covering on.  Maybe a napkin or something.   Domestic abuse-   You cant divorce someone unless they cheat on you.  So if you are taking a beating, sorry.  Child abuse, well they were just sued and lost $28 million in the Candace Conti case.   Puppy mills-   Nah, witnesses dont hurt animals.  I mean as a whole.   Terrible schools-   Well, they hold their own spiritual type school where they teach you how to talk at the door.  But they discourage any sort of higher education beyond the national or state requirment.  THey tell the members that its a waste of time and that they should pioneer instead.  Witnesses have one of the lowest education rates and income oh any religion in the US.   Forced life of manual labor-   Sorta, to be a JW you HAVE TO go in the door to door ministry, no question.  You have to meet th enational average otherwise you will get talked to by the elders.  If you dont do the ministry you cant do anything in the congregation but sit there and listen.   Disown family members-   YUP!  Happens all the time, its happening to me right now.  They will leave you in a split second if you talk against the religion.  My own brother in law who i have spent the last 15 years with told me he doesnt want to talk to me.  The brainwashing is strong with this one.
0	And this is the
1	and every other champion that is not UP in the current meta, especially Bronze games are easy to carry for experienced players. I read quite a lot of things like "how to get out of elo hell" and tbh i learned something out of it. The more you play the better you get, learn basic stuff like last hitting, how to manage lanes pushing towards you or lanes you push, when and why you do it. IMO to get out of Bronze get a DuoQ partner you think is good and play with him duo bot. In low elo games its all about average skill and haveing as less leavers or flamers as possible. So in conclusion you and your DuoQ partner are 2 out of 5 that means the possibility of leavers are 37,5% chance in your team and a 62,5% chance in the enemy team.
1	Translation (Google translate, lel):   In #BGS2013 (Brazil Game Show 2013) @RiotIronStylus and ShadowMacuahui
1	I think a lot of people get this feeling because it's easy to think 'I'm Gold, with practice I know i can make Plat and probably Diamond' - which is true.  However, nothing about personal skill prepares you for teamwork and coordination.  Not only that, but having a similar mindset is necessary.   Years ago I started a clan in a FPS of a bunch of people who played together constantly.  We had varying skill levels but got stomped because we had ZERO capability of working together.  Over a 2-3 year period we managed to coordinate well - individual skill didn't really improve much, but we got to the point where we knew our roles and what to be doing at any time and what we could expect from our teammates.  We improved from bottom of the league to mid-upper even though most of the people we played against could stomp us in 1v1 situations.   Also, we are constantly engaged about success stories.  E-Sports haven't developed yet to the level of something like football - where there are so many people playing that you KNOW that unless you are a prodigy you won't be noticed.  LoL especially is bad about this misinterpretation since it is easy to deceive oneself about the simplicity of the game.  Due to the nature of E-Sports we are getting constant feedback from the pros through social means; something we don't get in other sports.  This makes the pros seem more normal/real than we are used to, making the differences seem smaller (because, in many ways, they are).   LoL has a relatively small community which is CONSTANTLY giving feedback about how you can better yourself.  We get to see pro's playing from their perspective and think about how they don't seem like they are THAT much better, but you need to change your thinking.   If you are in Gold right now, you are probably comparable to someone who does consistently good on a local high school football team.  You are better than most of the people playing, but you can recognize the couple people in the local area that are just plain better than you - but you beat the other 95% of people.  Those couple people who are just fantastic at the game are comparable to Plat/Diamond.  They'll probably get scholarships to universities for their ability to play and then, when they are suddenly playing against people of equal caliber, realize they weren't quite on the level they thought - even though they are better than 98-99% of people, they aren't pro.  Not only that, but they probably had learned some bad practices when they were in high school.  All they had to do was get the ball and they'd score - leading to the win.  When they were suddenly evenly matched, and their whole team was worthwhile to pass the ball to - and probably better options than themselves - the game dynamic changed completely when teamwork became important.  The few that were amazing at the University level - they are the pros.   But the fatal flaw to all of this is that these people HAVE to play on teams from the beginning - completely different from solo queue.  You are not learning proper teamwork in solo queue.
1	Free to play, try it out sometime. It's a game style that spawned off DoTA, a custom game from Warcraft III, basically you have your hero (5v5 or 3v3) and you're trying to kill the enemy's nexus/base before they kill yours. Add in lots of PvP, neutral monsters that give buffs, small creeps in lanes on each sides, and towers that defend the lanes and that's the game.
0	Honestly, I'm not really sure where or when I managed to pick up this skill, but at some point in my college career, I became very adept at crafting long, flowing sentences that are not only grammatically correct and structurally sound but also maintain a pretty conversational tone throughout, so they don't really strike you as run-on sentences in the slightest until you get to the end and realize "Holy shit, this is all still part of that same sentence."   It's a great way to power your way through a paper with a word count, and, truth be told, as long as you can remember where your sentences began, it's kind of fun to let them meander around for a little while before they arrive at their intended destination.   I will warn you, though, that you really have to be fairly air tight with your grammar and sentence structures and very precise when choosing your words, lest your florid verbiage turn into something more like a lingual 16-car pile up that gives off the impression that you're out of your depth as a writer.   That's three sentences. 184 words.   I'm obviously exaggerating a bit, but I do like to load up with compound sentences that require multiple commas and express multiple thoughts. It then helps to punctuate your points by coming back with short, terse sentences. Think of yourself as Don Draper. Each sentence gets a seven word maximum.
0	Having a profit motive does not mean that the best strategy for a company is to treat its customers badly. Looking at the company-customer relationship as necessarily adversarial is a very zero-sum way of looking at it. Sure, EA charging too much for underdeveloped games and using mandatory online game-play to prevent copyright theft seem like the logical result of EA maximizing the profit motive, but this has a deleterious effect on their relationship with its customers. The bad publicity and people's negative experience might end up hurting the company in the long run. Contrast that with other companies such as Steam or [insert your personal favorite here]. Many of these companies actively work to give their customers a good experience and be fair to them. This might cause them to incur additional costs such as longer development times, more money spent on refunds/replacements and such, but it builds a positive relationship between the company and the customer. In the long run, this increases sales as customers keep buying from the developer because they have a certain amount of trust in them. Criticism of EA is not only perfectly valid, but necessary to encourage companies to treat customers better.
1	Yeah what probably happened was the old Mighty Jax didn't get updated to the new scrambled name (what it is set too after your friend reclaimed the name since it was an inactive account) because no one bothered to Lolking it.  With this thread, people are now looking it up and trying to update it.  This must have cleared "Mighty Jax" name on Lolking, which was than taken by your friend when it finally updated the name this morning.  While the account will automatically update if changed, summoner name changes are probably not part of this automatic process as they are rare.
1	As someone who plays mostly solo lanes, I'll explain why I prefer to pick those 2 lanes every game if I'm allowed.   I'm responsible for my mistakes, and mine alone. I know that I can win the lane through smart decision making and out playing my opponent to win. Barring a jungle gank setting me behind, I'm basically 100% in control of my own lane. Also, most of my champions that I'm proficient with are typically found in those roles.   For Jungler, I personally dislike it as I'm very bad at it. Ganking isn't the hard part... I just never seem to be in the right place at the wrong time. Couple this with the fact that in solo queue everyone rages at you 24/7 if you're not perfect the whole game, and it just creates this sense of dread. I feel uneasy in this role and the pressure it creates.   In bot lane, I do not mind playing the support as I feel I can play it similarly to a solo lane. I try to trade when it's free damage or safe, without taking too much return fire or getting myself killed. I see the role as a lot like playing a solo lane without needing to CS with the added task of warding early and keeping another player out of harms way.   As ADC though (and sometimes as support), I have no idea what the other teammate on my team is going to do in solo queue. Their positioning/zoning and the choice of when and when not to fight has me also nervous. Game's have been lost entirely in solo queue entirely because my support makes a call that I wasn't in position for. Basically, if I was in a solo lane, this wouldn't have happened as I personally decide when and when not to fight.
1	I still want to see a dark/light champion.   eg. R toggles forms (dark/light)   QWE whilst dark form does XYZ and uses dark energy   QWE whilst light form does ABC and uses light energy   If you go >100 dark or light energy you... idk... use your health pool instead or something?
1	none of the above i think.   You ever just lose a couple games of league and need to vent? Thats what that was, plain and simple. I've done it, thousands of others have done it, and this kid did it. I lost a game to Nidalee because of that fkn bug, i came here. Got creep blocked 3 times one game, came here. Akali shroud still dropping turret aggro, i came here.   Thing is, he went intense with it and started making shit up to drive the point across.   What was obvious is its not just the kids/teenagers. Not only are there countless variables to consider, but there are plenty of adult-children out there.  I would be willing to bet that half the time your being griefed, or trolled, ect. Its not from some adolescent punk, its from a grumpy young adult whos getting beaten. Plain and simple.  People dont cry when they're 15/0/5 with lag spikes, but cry oceans when they're 0/12/4 with one split-second spike of lag.
0	Effect? None, it just makes you look like a huge idiot and I'm not even Irish and I find it annoying. If someone said to me, "I'm English" and they were Australian(that works pretty well because it was a colony and they haven't tried to distance themselves as much as Americans have) I'd feel complimented but if their English heritage went back to one of their ancestors being taken over as a prisoner I'd accept their heritage but I'd consider them Australian. Hell, I've known Australians, they're Australians to me. Not English. I respect that though. Just how you'd be American even though if you're white you probably have some English heritage somewhere.
1	tris has some serious cooldown issues and the fact that once she has used her e, she has to commit to the trade, makes it even worse. she can be pretty potent in skilled hands, especially because she can get very early towers and then she can rotate to create even more gold advantage. but her trading is weird and you really have to know her damage output because wth her high cooldowns and low basestats, she cant do much once her e is gone, so she is losing every trade afterwards if she didnt make the one with her e count. its also very hard to lasthit with her because of her horrible base attackspeed and her meh aa animation. also she autopushes the lane which is also kinda bad.
1	I just finished a game with trollpick trynd bot for adc, because he felt like it and "normal is for fun". In which universe fun is feeding the whole game and leaving the lane, so that other adc could get fed?   Am i mad? Yea, i am, because i play mostly normals, and i play them seriously - to win and learn the game, not to waste my time, because someone likes to "have fun". Do not play team games if you like that kind of play - go "have fun" in FPS or RTS games, where you can play 1v1, and when you want to lose intentionally, because you "feel" like playing that champ and when there's 99% chance that you will get outpicked, you can lose without annoying others.
1	A lot of people are hating Gunnars couse of big price, I have to admit that it was the same in my case but I got opportunity to test them for weekend (friend won them in one competition). First of all I want to describe my situation: Since I was 3 or 4 im wearing glasses and have huge number of problems with my eyes starting from color blindness and ending on some illness I dont remember a name. Of course, I need to take rest after after each hour, getting my eyes wet etc. When I was wearing Gunnars I felt really big difference: first of all I noticed some difference in colours when I was outside - I know, that they don't show the true colors I saw the difference in things which were completly the same for me: for example when I was looking on trees - I saw more than 1-2 different colors. When Ive noticed this I made color blind test - it doesn't cure me in 100% but I could pass more activities* than I did before (about 15%-20%). When I was in cinema I was shocked second time - I wasnt tired at all after more than 2 hours on movie, my eyes weren't red after I went out and I didn't look like person who uses cocaine every hour. Of course using computer was much more comfortable too - I didnt have to make so many breaks. Im planning now to get my own Gunnars - I know that they help me not only when Im using PC but in real life too. They are quite expensive, but Im saving money for them since I gave them back. Btw. Im using f.lux for about 2 years. It helps but not as much as Gunnars.   *Color blind test rely on "reading" numer from piece of paper full of colorfull dots.
1	sion post rework was a beast, i hopped on that the instant i saw the change because his stats were crazy and they've steadily nerfed him since(edit: his mana costs were so dam low kick minions for days shield for days ashe's mana costs somewhat similar now that Q drain is gone)   but to break it down lets say for starters out of 15 adcs, early she outclasses all but 4(3 of which have situational or scaling range; kog, trist, jinx) so up until level 9 she's got second best range and for anyone who plays bot lane they should know range &damage is a bully's friend.   before even getting into randomization probability and whether or not NOT critting is a good or bad thing think about this; her passive is basically a free +10% AA damage multiplier over every other adc's damage output from the start(bully)   her Q is wack, early first rank it's +20% AS and with full focus stacks it gives an additional 15% damage per hit(scaling to +40%AS and +35% dph max rank) my understanding of how AS stacks is fuzzy so i'll just take this as an early/simplistic lategame explanation; at level 1 her multipliers are so 1.1(passive) x1.15(focus bonus) x1.2(Q AS)=1.518 other champions who would start with their attack speed steroid first get at most 30% so you can call that a 1.3 multiplier on their damage so out the gates if ashe vs another adc both had 100 damage, ashe would effectively do 152~ and the challenger would do 130. Factor in ashe's range advantage and slow, it probably means you're taking more autos coming into the fight and leaving it.   Her volley is pretty standard stuff dealing comparable damage(100~110 rank 1) to other adcs primary harass ability with a slight edge for being least dodge able when aimed at face, also semi high range and high AOE   oh and i forgot frenzy +5% as per crit stacking to 3; so her optimal dps case is like 171 vs 130
1	Say what you will about the hype and the circle jerk but various high elo players who have played on both servers will attest that Korean Solo Queue has a higher average level of mechanical play in the Challenger and D1 tiers than the other regions. An observation commonly brought up to explain this is that solo queue is a real recruiting ground for top teams in KR, and there's good money in pro play there. Because of this, players are more focused and dedicated on average, taking their play very seriously in the hopes that they might be noticed and asked to try out for a team. Because this is apparently the culture of KR solo queue, you can see how it would be difficult to compete unless you're playing with just as much dedication and intensity, as well as of course with the high level mechanics that come from focused gameplay (just think how often pro players say they don't play as well when they stream--focus really does translate to higher performance in decision making and mechanics).
1	I think it's to your advantage to respect a role call. Chances are they suck at the role they just called but there's even a greater chance they suck at the other roles and that one role the person called is the only role he/she knows how to play to some functional degree. I can play any role effectively no problem and I always say in chat "can play anything will fill in". People are always going to take your role or not, it's part of the game. The best thing you can do is be flexible and be able to adapt to the game.
1	The idea is to make your unkillable with those items and your w. Therefor push lane like an oldtime shen. A lot of people buy trinityforce after those 2 strong items and then after that starts doing more than just tanking and ccing a little.
1	There are positives and negatives to this. On one hand, yes, you did pay for that champion with your hard earned IP/RP, you have every right to play them if you wish, regardless of skill level. On the other, you are quote unquote 'harming' the other players on your team's experience by playing a champion you are uncomfortable with. This effectively cripples the capabilities of your team, as it's much more likely the enemy is playing a champion they have experience or 'skill' with.
1	The responsibility for the Meta, from a design perspective, lies with Riot a bit more than your comment would indicate.  LoL is a fast paced game with a plethora of champions and items; the goal being to win, to be the 'best.'  The path the being the best is more about a calculation than a choice.  For a ludicrous example, you could build an AP Caitlynn, you have the option, that choice.  Would your entire team considering you batshit insane/pants-on-head retarded?  More than likely.  Is it anywhere near effective or efficient?  No.  Efficiency calculations are what determines most builds from guide sites.  Skill, situation, and composition modify the values quite a bit, but with some basic awareness and skill, the advantages become clear.   The player calculate the most effective solution they can but Riot, as the designer, is also responsible for there being 1 particular calculation that works so reliably/overwhelming well.  Now, they are certainly trying to shake things up and they started with the most globally effective change; the jungle.  We've started the effects too; counter jungling is now a huge part of the jungler role, or even the entire team.  If Riot can provide adequate tools to achieve comparable results to the current Meta, then the blame will lie purely with the players; that being said, no one will know there's adequate tools until we try to use them.   On the flip side, between the constant 'do this or we lose' and people afraid to deviate from single-buildpath guides certainly doesn't help the community/players break free from the Meta.  I think honestly a large shift (other than gimmicks) would have to start in normals before anyone in ranked would even consider something other than a DPS/0cs-Support bot, AP mid, Fast AoE jungler and sustain bruiser top.
0	Can't say I was checking in too much.  I'm not saying that confessions need to be dark as in "I killed a person and it eats away at me every day".  They don't need to be dark at all.  For Confession Bear, I'd be happy with something along the lines of "I stole something, and my sibling was grounded for months because my parents thought it was him.  They still bring it up around holidays".   It just seems like a lot of "confessions" could easily be declarations instead.  "I'm a guy who loves making flower arrangements!"  = Fuck yeah! instead of a bear, who is second in sad animals only to Eeyore they donkey, saying "I'm a guy who loves making flower arrangements. :("
0	That definitely goes beyond the parameters of what I've asserted.
1	Well, I'm glad to see for once someone actually acknowledging that hey might have done something wrong instead of the usual "Y I gt banned for this ROIT PLS!!".   Lets see:   Game 1: Your actions weren't really anything banworthy, maybe a bit yapping back to a flamer instead of just hitting ignore, definitely not ban worthy in most games (problem with tribunal is the 20 sec wait time, most people just scroll through and look for swearing and ignore the context). Most likely just a ragereport by Olaf or TF (1 report overall)   Game 2: You got goaded into an argument but once again, too often people at the tribunal simply look for purple ragetext. And once again only 1 report by all so a ragereport by Diana is likely. You should have most likely just hit ignore on Diana instead of going into the whole "pro pro pro" arguing   Game 3: Once again, you let yourself get dragged into an argument, no matter how faulty the Brand might have been, ignoring him is your best option. Once again, only 1 report and this most likely from the Brand. Yes, Brand deserves bans so much more than you do but the system sucks sometimes :S   Game 4: I see a repeating theme here, you are losing your temper. This time mostly by actions instead of speech of other players but nonetheless, you should just keep your opinions on your side of the monitor, typing to Sona how stupid he acted won't really help you at all (except make you feel better momentarily and then ending up regretting it later)   Final Game: Here we go again, nothing really banworthy except a few "STFU", but as stated earlier, people at the tribunal mostly just look for the purple text and ignore the stuff leading to it. Diana is much better candidate for bans in this game by his actions but since you are the one in tribunal, most of the people will skip over his parts.   So to sum it up:
1	Riot is not to blame for this. Football is single elimination. The super bowl is not always a nail-biter. In sports sometimes this happens. The NBA finals plays best of 7 games and even then sometimes teams will sweep the series 4-0.
1	Actually, Xerath already "ascended". The form he now holds, the non-physical being he is, that is his ascended form. According to lore, he possesses unlimited power in his ascended form, and thus the mages of Shurima, fearing his complete lack of regard for life itself, locked him in a coffin like thing, that he eventually, broke out of (but not completely).   So the "Ascension" event in my opinion, could be indeed the rising of the void upon the world, yes, but at the same time I believe it might not be just that. Xerath experimented with magic with the purpose of having imense magical power so that he could "gaze into the heart of Runeterra to know the secrets of history and the universe beyond".   So, in the end, Xerath want's knowledge... Now, who do we know lore wise, that also seeks knowledge? Yes, starts with "Vel" ends in " 'Koz".   Again turning to lore...: If you read Vel'Koz lore the end he says:  "I have glimpsed the ultimate knowledge. And I will have it. "   This thirst for knowledge came from the discovery of Zilean's tower. As Vel'Ky analized the objects within, he noticed they had been touched by great magic.   Now... we have something that links Xerath and Vel: Knowledge. Instantly you'd probably say "oh, but that links Xerath to the void, so why don't you think Ascension will simply be the invasion of the Void?!"   It's quite simple actually. Again taking a peek at VK's lore and analyzing his overall personality, one should notice a HUGE difference between him and the other creatures of the Void we know off (and the ones mentioned in his lore): All they want is to feed themselves, grow, cause havoc and destroy everything in their path pretty much.   As seen here: "Leaving the tower, I find the others closing in on the entrance, ready to destroy it as they have destroyed everything else we have met. They will only get in the way of my goal. There are some things the Void should not consume indiscriminately. "   Vel'Koz, again, seeks knowledge, information, data... In a way I wonder if Vel'Koz is actually a creature who came to be in the Void, or as Kassadin for example, he was something else that got transformed and pulled into the Void. (And yes I know its said he is from the Void, but shit changes, deal with it, besides he is just too different). Seeing this difference and his lust for knowledge, I wouldn't imagine that Vel'Koz would want to unleash the Void on his Know-it-all-mine AKA Runeterra, thus, no invasionerino.
0	One or more of the following:     They have 2 incomes   They rent an apartment   They commute a long distance from the countryside     Renting with 2 incomes is probably the most common way.   $70k in Seattle is fine if you're single because you'll be rolling in the dough, however you won't be able to afford purchasing a home. You should be totally good for buying a condo though. (Upper middle class)   If you have a 4 person family, it's gonna be kind of tight if you want to live anywhere near the city. You'll still be OK. No where near poverty level, however you have zero chance of buying a home. Buying a condo would be difficult on that salary. (Lower middle class)
1	In reference to League of Legends /u/enigmyx is the real ghostcrawler as he has had the name longer. Now if they ask if he is Blizzards Ghostcrawler or whatever the guys real name is that I don't remember, then there's an issue. However if anyone asks if enigmyx is ghostcrawler then he is without a doubt ghostcrawler since he has the the name in terms of league of legends.   If someone at riot got hired and decided they wanted their name to be soccham then I would feel with every fiber of my being that I'm still the real Soccham as I've got the history with the account name and have had it on all sorts of forums and games and etc for years, which is the case with this guy. Your handle is your identity on forums and etc. It's a first come first serve business.
0	Actually taking this advice turned me into a Scumbag Steve though. When I was in college I moved in with the girl I was dating at the time and about 4 months into our year long lease she decided she wanted to cheat on me with one of my instructors. I was pretty messed up about the whole situation and really had no interest in even going to the school any more after the school decided to do absolutely nothing to either the teacher or my ex. My first reaction was to try to move out, but the lease agreement made it to where unless I subleased it to someone or all parties came together to sign me off of the lease (all parties being the ex, her father who was the guarantor, and myself), I was stuck there. I decided fuck everything about that place and moved back home leaving her and her father stuck with all the financial obligations. I stopped paying rent (about 440) we split utilities but only the power bill was in my name (about 200) she was already taking care of cable/internet and paying me the difference for her half of the power bill, and I stopped paying for the Disney Passes we got in my name (I have no idea if they continued to pay for that or not but Disney quit sending me late bills so they either gave up or were getting the money somehow). The details that I have left out can be summed up as she was unsure of her feelings towards me whenever we signed the lease and was hoping things would get better and her father contacted a lawyer, I told him I would be happy to settle things in court and he backed down when his lawyer found out that his daughter led me on to sign a legally binding contract under false pretenses.
0	It probably ran home.   We took some cats to the humane society when I was little, the momma was killing lots of birds and my mom didn't like that, and when she had to take the litter to the humane society as kittens, she took the mother too.   She was in a cardboard box in the car, sealed up with air holes. She clawed her way out about 3 miles down the road, and started clawing at everything ever until she finally jumped out a window while we were stopped on the side of the road.   She showed up a couple weeks later, wanting food.
0	Um. She also did some good while being under intense scrutiny. My main issue with the whole thing is that Tony 'budgie smugglers' Abbott is a conservative dinosaur who hasn't even made a party platform. They just stand there and parrot disagreement without coming up with any viable alternatives.
0	There seems to be some conceptual confusion here; people often talk about nipples when they actually mean areolae. The nipple is just the protrusion, and vary little, while the areola is the pigmented area around the nipple, which can vary enormously in size (fun fact: the little bumps on the areola are called Glands of Montgomery, after the doctor who first named them.)   Men are conditioned to be attracted to (post-pubescent) youth in potential mates, because this maximises potential offspring. For this reason, men tend to prefer smaller areolae, since these grow larger with age/pregnancies.   Fortunately, human beings are complex creatures, and aesthetic preferences vary enormously between individuals. No matter the size of your areola, you will always be able to find someone who likes them. Even better, you may find someone able to look past your areola size, and consider also your face, your general body shape or - who knows - even your personality!
0	I have to disagree, I was born in 1991. My fondest memories are of playing my SNES and watching Cartoon network as a kid. I certainly consider myself a 90's kid. Not a 90's teen which is a different kettle of fish.
0	Just use a different term, like /u/Big_Amish said, equalist sounds good. The same goes for the term homophobe. The term 'homo' comes from 'homophile', meaning attracted to 'the same', as in gender. Since 'phile' and 'phobe' are opposites, a homophobe would be someone who is 'afraid' of the same gender. What people use as homophobe (someone who hates gays) should be homophilephobe. By the first definition you can be fine with gay people, just dislike being touched or having contact with the same gender, regardless of that same gender is homo/heterosexual. Still you don't go around screaming you're a homophobe, because before you know it, everybody hates you.
0	Your are correct. I didn't make my point clear as a separate point from the item being removed from your report when I meant dealing with collection agencies who are trying to collect past the statue of limitations. The actual item on the report is another issue and I should have made that clear.   Many companies will buy old debt for pennies on the dollar in hopes of getting people to agree to a payment plan, etc, and many times they do not have any teeth (other than tricks and intimidation) to collect.
0	I was in Boy Scouts on a cold fucking camp out once when i was maybe 12. It was about seven degrees out and I had to take a piss at some unknown time in the middle of the night. It was so cold I didn't even walk to a porta John, I just unzipped the tent and did my business. While I'm doing the business a fucking human silhouette  is to my right. Normally in woods I would just jump and realize it was a tree. The problem was we where in an open feild. I jumped back on fuckin fear and left the tent open and hide under my sleeping bag that I couldn't get into because it was a mummy bag and they are hard to get into. I lied frozen all night with the tent flap half open and scared shitless for a very long time.
0	On my way to pick up a friend to go to class, but when I get there she's freaking out and running up to my car. So, I find out that there's a tiny kitten being attacked by two dogs. Run over to her yard, all heroic like, pull the dogs away and we wrap the kitten up in a towel. We take it over to the vet and leave it with them to take care of. Then, when I pull out and up to the stoplight, a huge truck doesn't see that the light is red and rear ends me. Messed up the entire back half of my car.
0	you, i don't know you, but i like you...i also have 2 kids and your
0	Pure curiosity. As humans we are drawn to things that are new, unusual, rare. Seeing people die is obviously not a pleasant experience but it's strangely alluring to see something that most of us will never see in our lifetime. It also highlights just how quickly a life can be ended and this can give one new found respect for life and the people we love.
1	Yea I will write a summary of it so people can decide if they want to read it or not, of course it won't be a full
0	This will probably be buried.   Its crazy, the founder of the nation warned about making political parties and look where we are now.  I almost punched my TV during a speech by Obama because every time he said something inspirational, every democrat in the house applauded obnoxiously as every republican sat on their asses and looked like they ate lemons.   Do ANY of those republicans have any care what the man says or do they keep repeating "Hate democrats" in their heads 100 times a minute?   I'm not letting democrats off the hook either, the idiots would applaud every sentence and wouldn't let the man get a word out of his mouth before his cheerleaders cut him off.   The whole system makes me extremely pissed off, no one cares what they were elected for -to represent the best interest of the people- rather they all are in that building playing The Game of thrones while those of us who want to live a safe secure existence struggle.   I wanted my mom to get surgery without a $20,000+ bill, I wanted my dad to get his fractured leg fixed without worrying who is going to provide for my family.  I want to go to college without facing $50,000+ in school loans.  I want a summer job without fighting thirty other adults that just got laid off for it.   Ending my rant now, Happy 4th everybody.
1	Zeus >Static Field: Radius 1000 >Zeus shocks all nearby enemy units whenever he casts a spell, causing damage proportional to their current health.  > Percentage Of Current HP Dealt As Damage: 5%/7%/9%/11%   The cooldown on his abilities are 2, 6 and 120 seconds. Using the 2s CD ability for ease of maths, means he deals roughly 21% of current hp in damage every 4s, in a large radius.  Mundo > Infected Cleaver  > Magic Damage: 15 / 18 / 21 / 23 / 25 % of target's current health  > Range: 1000  > Cooldown: 4 seconds   25% of target current health each 4 seconds, considering he doesn't miss.  That's a 4% difference. Zeus seems stronger to me, as it hits in a radius the size of the cleaver's reach. Also, it is a 21% current hp damage on top of the spell damage of the spell cast by Zeus.
1	Despite what the recommended items show, I tend to start with 3 Lucky Picks as soon as I can get them, followed by Boots of Mobility, ending in Archangel's Staff and Zhonya's Ring in whichever order I choose. Not only does it help your heals, but Infuse has a 0.6 Ability Power conversion rate so it'll do some decent damage.   If the game drags on from there, I'll trade in one of the picks for Frozen Heart, trade another for Ryjal's Scepter, and the last one for Guardian Angel, Deathfire Grasp, Abyssal Scepter, whatever you want really. The game's over by Ryjal's in most cases.   The recommended items seem to focus on health, armor, etc. and very little on improving your abilities. I find Innervating Locket to be kind of junky, Aegis is nice but it's meh late game, Soul Shroud is also very meh, and Guardian Angel is very situational.   When you heal for 600 hp every 6 seconds with an emergency 1200 heal that hits everyone from a pretty far distance every 45, you wonder why the other team doesn't buy Executioner's Calling.
1	the "Net neutrality" issue is just 1 piece of the puzzle in the US. But its a large piece in my opinion. Basically without net neutrality, ISP's can choose which websites or services get the best speeds. Take a look at what comcast did to Netflix, basically cutting Netflix speeds to the bone until they paid them a ransom to increase speeds.   As League gets bigger and bigger, it will start to account for more and more web traffic. It wouldn't surprise em to find out that this has already happened, and Riot's paid up to keep things working (the recent issues with FIOS users over the past few months as an example).   So, even if all of that wasn't the case, we still have the problems with the servers themselves. Not only their location being west coast, but also their stability/reliability and capacity. The migration they did recently I'd imagine should help with this, but that is also just 1 piece of the puzzle.
1	Because a spotted and warded invade is an useless invade.   Consider the following :   With the current situation, people just have to stand in a line, covering every access to their jungle, to prevent the invade until 1:30. Fair enough, because that leaves the option to just brute force the invade for the other team. However, since trinkets are available as soon as the minions spawn, this also means that the invaded team can and WILL pop wards around (or, if they can while retreating, in) the invaded area.   Which gives crucial informations : What do they steal, when do they go out, and which ways.   Imagine that you do a successful invade right now, blow a lot of summoners on both sides, and manage to grab one easy kill. But then you know that they have vision of you and what you're doing. You could still red buff, but you know that the enemy top laner is watching, ready to go ward your own red to make it easier for their jungler to go in. And thus, without losing anything ! Remember the wards can be placed very early, at 1:30, which means you have a long time before any losing any significant amount of experience and gold from the lane, especially since your opponent just invaded.   The invading team is now kind of screwed : sure, they got an edge from getting first blood, but the fact that their opponent KNOWS what they're doing following the invade (setting up a fast gank after taking the red, not taking the buffs, setting up a trap for the jungler when he comes back, etc) means you have no tactical nor strategical advantage from invading. And remember : putting those wards to get this vision, even if it's only an imperfect vision, didn't cost ANYTHING significant, because you could do it at 1:30, way before anything interesting in the jungle spawned.   However, if you can only put wards at 1:55, then this issue disappears. Yes, getting the first blood is less interesting than it was before. But setting yourself ahead by screwing the early plans of your opponent without them knowing what you're doing precisely in their jungle is incredibly useful. Of course, the support can again start with wards and pop them right of the gate. But this means you get a slight advantage in your bot lane, where your support started immediately with a doran's shield/ancient coin/relic shield and has potentially a HUGE stat difference with your opponent.   The vision has always been crucial in League of Legends. No vision means no certitude, only assumptions, and assumptions make you doubt and unsure and can, ultimately, make you lose the game. That's why nowadays, barely any pro teams invade "seriously" : the gain is too marginal now that the vision can be established to counter the invade as soon as it begins without losing anything else on the map.   (And yes, teams could invade earlier, but that leaves an awful lot of time for your opponent to just move around and counter-invade on the opposite side of the jungle. No interest. A good invade MUST be around minion spawn or later, and BEFORE they have the time to ward, which is more or less impossible right now.)
1	Sorry for the Wall of Text below.   Top:  Shyvana - Tanky, % Damage, Hybrid Damage, speed boost, basically has a rumble ulti when in dragon form, and gets a lot of free stats from passive.  Is also a very good laner, and can be first picked.   Mid:  Yasuo/Kha'Zix/Orianna - Yasuo has great potential with a few champions further down this list, including Shyvana (Her Ulti) and himself.  Kha'Zix, with the new W evolve, gives great laning and zoning potential for his team to help seige.  Orianna does the same thing.  All 3 Champions have amazing teamfight, early game, and late game.   Jungle:  Elise/Lee Sin - Both have an amazing early-game that can help snowball the team, or prevent the enemy from snowballing.  Both champions get tanky later on to help dive or protect with Shyvana.  Elise is picked when we need AP, Lee sin when we need AD.   AD:  Lucian - If you can pick him up, get it.  His ultimate/waveclear/burst/sustained damage/Etc. is amazing.  He is the perfect example of champion design.  He has everything.  When behind, his ultimate can be used together to clear a wave to allow teammates to come and protect a seige.   Support:  Leona/Braum/Thresh/Morg/Zyra - Try counter picking the enemy support.  If this is blind pick, I'd recommend Thresh since she can peel and dive squally as well and has the easiest time (Morgana is also good at this) catching somebody out.   If you're playing with 4 friends in a blind pick game... I'd recommend...   Top:  Shyvana Mid:  Yasuo Jungle:  Elise AD:  Lucian Support:  Thresh   Yasuo can wombo with shyvana and Thresh.  Thresh/Elise/Shyvana have enough peel for Lucian, and enough dive to kill an adc.  Thresh/Elise/Shyvana get tanky enough to teamfight, while having a mix of AD, AP, Hybrid, and Percent (%) Damage.  This is an all-around good team comp, that works well.  If you have any questions, feel free to comment :).
1	The best tip is just to make sure you don't take it too seriously. It's a game that will make you want to tear your hair out at some points. If you can, play it with friends, and make sure you keep up a casual attitude.   Oh, and a good amount of the community will give you shit for being new, not understanding what's up. Play a few bot games, and make sure you know what's up. Getting a feel for each champion, and what they can do, is the most key part of the game.
1	That's one of the main problems the game is facing - while other spectator sports' main asset is the gameplay around a set of almost unchanging rules and schedules, League of Legends changes its own meta every so often and introduces various strategic changes that completely transform the game. You can easily understand how football or basketball work, so even if you don't play the game yourself and choose to spectate you can enjoy the gameplay. But with LoL when you don't play the game a huge gap forms and you still have to invest time and effort if you want to fully understand what's happening and a lot of people just don't have that luxury or are unwilling to make the effort.
0	My mom is loving being a grandma. She's actually a step-grandmother, but whatever. She loves looking after her common law's granddaughter so much, the little shit can be acting like a total tool and my mom is still having a blast looking after her. It's real cute.  My mom has walked out of the last i-dunno-how-many movies she took GD to because once she starts to fidget or cause a scene my mom just scoops her up and leaves. Everyone's happy.  "The trick, if you really want to do something and need to bring them along is to buy enough chocolate for them to space out. Once the chocolate's gone, you're fucked".
0	I'm not entirely sure what you should feel guilty about. I don't know what it is about people treating roommates like they're instantly best-buds or something. It's a commercial transaction that functions, like most business, best when there's a healthy dose of civility and flexibility. And, like most business transactions, confusing a polite smile for friendship tends to run things into the ground.   Most of the roommate woes I hear tend to come from people whose roommates treat them like / have expectations of them like they're friends for some subset of things, and treat them otherwise for other things.
1	Not consciously looking at the icons is also why we don't see the things that the design team thinks need improvement. So it's a double-edged thing here.   Riot has an ongoing project to "unify" the looks of their spell and item iconography, as well as just generally improving their fidelity at higher resolutions (the old icons are blocky as fuck). Some people don't care, but maintaining a consistent visual language is why, e.g., people have traditionally thought of Linux desktops as looking like stapled-together shit while Mac OSX/iOS are visual design darlings. Sure, the results of a thousand different contributors cohering to some broad standards will  work , but it will never look as good as something that's consistently designed from the bottom up to a very tight set of standards.
0	Not your baby
0	Files in torrents aren't stored in servers, instead they are sent from one person's computer to another person's computer. Which requires seeding, which is sending the file you downloaded from another person to even more people so that they too could get it, that's what ensures that everyone who want it get it and that the files remain available to download. And even if someone is already seeding but has a low upload speed(or there are simply a lot of people downloading) then extra seeders will allow people to download faster, whereas once servers(direct links) reach their upload speed limit then there's no way for the people downloading to get the files faster. Not to mention if instead of using a server to share files as direct downloads, the server seeds a torrent that contains these files then the downloads won't depend on either the server nor the seeders alone, if there's at least one then the file can be downloaded.
0	Because a claim is not assumed to be false just because it hasn't been tested. It's an unverified claim, but to say that it's false before it is tested is unscientific.   Not necessarily, it's that you are probably associating the whole innocent (truth) until proven guilty (false), but it doesn't work that way in science. For testing myths, it could work either way but assuming truth to see if it's false is making logic work backwards.   For example, testing a myth like cellphone radiation you assume that cellphones cause cancer to find that cell phones don't cause cancer? soo...
1	I seriously cant believe this thread is being upvoted so much.   As an EUW player, I know this are looking shit, but the amount of stupidity in this post is just ridiculous so let me start with this.   >We finally want some answers! What is the situation? Is there any progress? Are people genuinely trying to fix the problem? How long do you estimate it will take to fix it? Are sales/TPA skins being extended, since they are inaccessible to many players? Will Riot eventually just take the blame and honestly apologize to the players?   The situation is THEY ARE WORKING ON IT. There is nothing else to tell you apart from that, cause that is what every single company does. They have a problem, they fix it, they release an official statement of what happened. Since that hasnt happened, they arent going to be Day 1: We are sorry. Day 2: We are extremely sorry, they dont have the time nor the utility to babysit whiny children who are impatient. This is not the first time a server has been in trouble, and I highly doubt its going to be the last. There are issues, and they can be resolved. Or is the fact that thousands of people playing without an issue (especially streamers, I havent seen a single streamer complain about the issue once they've applied the generic fixes).   As far as progress goes, Its not something you achieve for in a very 0 to 100% achievement. You dont mash buttons till it fixes. The problem is Riot doesnt know the problem, if you took the time to read this is what they say:   >The main issue is that it strikes seemingly from nowhere in a 5-30 second flash, causes a chain reaction of problems and then resolves itself. However it leaves behind a login queue and other lingering issues which then also take time to resolve themselves giving the impression that this is of a much larger scale. We have a lot of monitoring systems in place to catch this transient state, and just so you guys know we have not stopped searching between the problems.   If you have a little bit of knowledge, you would realise how hard this becomes to fix. Really people, just think with your head for a minute. You all call Riot a money hungry company, yet at the same time dont apply the logic all the way around, dont you think they would want you guys to play more seeing as how tons of people not connecting would be hitting their pockets a ton.   Are they going to apologize and extend Sales etc? YES! Most likely they will, but they wont do it until they fix the problem. You dont put a bandage over a bleeding wound and expect everything to be okay, you stitch it up, then put a smiley face bandage so that it looks better and everyone is content.   Furthermore, complaining about a second technician asking for your logs again is not a big deal, they dont have the time to ask through your last connection for your logs, they'll just ask you to send them again, they work on their own table with their own tools, asking for a backlog from others is just going to slow them down more. They have more than just one person to cater to.   So to sum it all up
0	Last night I was out in shit weather last night as well. While I had no one who refused to pay, I did have a lady pay with two cards and write in $0.00 on each tip line.
1	Runes do make a difference (especially in early game) however you are correct, not having runes is not a huge difference, not enough to keep you from reaching your actual division anyway. I'm low plat, but if I was given a bronze account without any runes I am relatively sure I could get it back to plat because runes don't have such a huge impact on the game that it completely negates skill.
0	he said nothing about being "bright" he said it was the best financial option.   this would include smart kids who have no money for school.   I was in the military and there where lots of poor smart kids, and dumb rich ones. you could tell because the harder the job training the more wastefully they spent their paychecks. Kids who never had any money before suddenly had a few grand in their bank account.   while kids who scored lower on the ASVAB test would have their car from before they joined that was a gift from their parents for graduating high school. those kids where not used to having a bank account with a limit and would not spend any thing.   just what I noticed
0	Our son has a peanut allergy. No anaphylactic response yet, but burning in his mouth and throat, and vomiting when exposed.   My wife ate tree nuts during her pregnancy, and particularly large amounts of PB. we are not an overly hygienic household by any means.  Our son was exposed to a wide variety of foods as early as possible. We are not picky eaters and didn't want to raise one.  There is no history of nut allergies in either of our families. Everyone was raised with pb&j with no problems.   He always had an aversion to nuts, and the reaction got worse the more he was exposed. His allergy specialist explained that allergies are not like pathogen-based diseases, where we get stronger with more exposure. The more you're exposed, the more severe the response.   This new system of progressive exposure to treat severely sensitive children is highly supervised and involves starting with micrograms of exposure.
1	I really dont see the issue with the new theme.. It seems like people are just circlejerking the "Change bad, everything must stay the same". The old theme was very outdated, way too simple, boring and in all ways horrible to look at. The new theme looks fantastic compared to the old one, and I actually find it pleasant to read text with the new background.
1	I would love for rito to develop a new style of pick and bans not like Dota 2 but with the same concept. Being able to ban to counter synergy and leaving open more "OP" picks would be amazing having a ban pick ban ban pick pick would really bring a lot more diversity into not only the lcs but also the ranked community making each pick and ban a tough choice. Not to mention there isn't just one dictating the bans in ranked
0	My roommate did this freshman year. We both had the same class, but different blocks. I had 8:30 and he had 9:30. When my alarm went off, he sat up and turned his alarm off. I went and took the exam, taking the full 50 minutes. I get back to the room and he was still sleeping. I woke him up and told him he better get to class. He came back 10 minutes later and said the professor wouldn't let him take the exam. He dropped out after the semester was over.
1	I see what you're saying but I cant agree on all points. As you say you have a somewhat normalized lp gain but that's only if you are playing often and hold an average close to 50% winrate. If you get in the situation that you either win alot in a row or lose alot your lp gains are significantly altered. I started uni this semester and got to play less and for not as long. This resulted in me losing more then I used to and dropping from D3 to D5. There I got stuck at o lp while playing 1-2 games a day. Id win ~11 and lose ~30 lp and I wouldnt drop down either. That situation is just he worst to be in because you cant make progress in either direction. It would have been better for me to drop down but the system holds me in place, meanwhile Im sitting there getting zero enjoyment out of it because even if Id get a 3 win streak its all gone in 1 lose.   What I want to see is not the old system back but divisions as they are now but, as you said, no teir promotions and a flat lp gain/lose. I believe that if you deserve a higher ranking that means you can win >50% of games. If you cant you deserve to be where you are. And no safety nets at any point.
0	Never ever eeeeeever get "front page content" and "things that accurately reflect real life" confused.  There are lots of lovely people out there, and you should base your decision to date/not date, have sex/not have sex, do whatever the eff you want/do something else, etc. on something other than what a bunch of dorks post on memegenerator.   Anyway, talk to people in real life for answers to important questions.  You're much more likely to get good info.   (I am aware of the potential for irony, but I expect that the aforementioned folks in real life will confirm my assessment ;)  ).
1	I kind of get your point, you want a more role oriented matchmaking system right? As in you have check boxes that you can check to enter a specific queue for that role, but the thing is: Not everyone follows it.   When I played WoW, there was a thing called Dungeon Finder that implemented a system like this, and sometimes we'd get the correct classes for the role, but a completely wrong spec for it. So they were DPS instead of tank for one reason: They wanted lower queue times.   I feel like the system will be abused for lower queue times, or for easier trolling. And it will be critiqued for "preserving the metagame" instead of allowing it to fluidly evolve. This set up encourages present meta, and really frowns upon changing it, which is why it's a bad idea.
1	Objective reviews?   We must not be reading the same reviews. Then again, that's why I only get the
1	Problem 1: Grez's Lantern is too OP for Summoner's Rift. It is, basically, old Wriggle's Lantern reborn - powerful laning phase item that still serves a use late game in the vision wars. That would need to be fixed for starters. Stats-wise, Grez's/Lightbringer/Sweeper are in much better places than they used to be (Sweeper is no longer the defacto best stat stick in Dominion that it used to be for mages).   Problem 2 (This is the biggest one really): 1 Sweeper or 1 Lightbringer is not OP. 5 Lightbringers or Sweepers is a completely different problem. One of the biggest things that separated top tier Dominion teams from the other tiers was that you would see 5 vision items in the team's collective inventory by end of game, 2-3 of them within 5-10minutes of the game starting if not already in inventory at start of the game. Frankly, teams that didn't understand why or how just didn't win. Basically, the reason for this is that Dominion doesn't have wards. You had (and still have) limited choices on Dominion for vision.     Bring a champion with vision. Teemo was considered OP for a while because his vision granting also acted as a means of preventing teams from traversing the map quickly. Maokai is a really tanky dude that counters burst mages, has high base damages and also provides a means of brush-checking and limited warding.   Bring Clairvoyance. It's strong and has a much longer range than sweeper, but it takes up the dueling slot of your two summoner spells (Revive takes up the other in Dominion).   Buy Oracle's Elixir. Limited Range, limited duration. Provides no stats. Doesn't provide the "tagging" effect that Sweeper/Lightbringer has. Limited to a small range around you. Can't scout with it while remaining safe yourself. Put it on a tank? Sure...in Dominion though, bursting a tank 100-0 is not a problem as Penetration is the most efficient stat. There goes your vision and now you're a man down. The other team will now just back off and reengage when CDs are up or just zone you and take an objective. You can't do anything about it because your CC is dead for 30s. Wouldn't you rather cast a spell on that bush and know what's coming BEFORE your tank is brought down to 200 health and can't reliably CC for you now?   Sweeper/Lightbringer - Cast it in a small area and anything that passes through it gets "tagged", meaning that even when they LEAVE the area, you can still see them for a short time. They also provide RELEVANT stats!     In Dominion, the options most widely used were Sweeper/Lightbringer with CV and champion picking being splashed in based on comps and whatnot. Oracle's Elixir was not used for a long time because of its weaknesses highlighted above. That being said, it's STILL a useful item in certain cases, so don't be afraid to bring it if you can justify it's cost. Just be a aware that League is a bit of a hivemind game and people rage at you when you do something out of the norm and Oracle's is out of the norm.   So, now you know why Sweeper/Lightbringer might be a decent choice for 1 person. Now here's why it's OP in mass. It's OP because having 5 mini-CVs on a short cooldown means that ambush tactics are IRRELEVANT. It also heavily counters stealth-based gameplay. It makes running through a jungle filled with Teemo shrooms irrelevant. It makes any sort of brush check or risky play (think Baron/Dragon fights if you could CV behind the pit) way less risky. And since, as your elo improves, your teamplay improves, you will see players rotating cooldowns such that opportunity to ambush becomes virtually nothing.
1	I feel ELO is just luck, often times We call it ELO Hell is because we're really unlucky. I had a giant 10 win streak where I carried hard or I had team mates where we stomped the team. Now I'm on a giant loss because of internet issues where I couldn't connect to games for two days. After passing below the 1250 mark again... There are even dumber picks. Heres an example.   1) Everyone in champion select was speaking spanish... Everyone picked correctly, except we told someone to pick a ranged ad carry. Our guy does not talk, he picks TF. He then goes to build Catalyst TF bot and gets zoned out by Caitlyn Zilean. I went a 13/3/5 GP while he a 0/10/4 TF.   ELO hell is basically you getting the unlucky bunch of dumb teammates. I think Regi even made a blog about how he couldn't even carry himself out of ELO hell for days after the elo reset. ELO hell doesn't exist because its a combination of trolls and just less skilled people. They appear at all elo's. Keep playing until you can get lucky where you get a team that can be carried.
0	This is hardly ever the case.   Society tends to make it so that men drive first. Getting a car for your birthday is more of a patriarchy thing, and it starts there. They become transport. Guys are trained to offer to pay for bills when they're out with women. They're trained to be the one to be out of the room last, or in the life boat last. Guys are trained to put themselves second for women and children.   I'm not saying it's entirely the woman's fault that society puts her in a position of receiver and the man of giver, but that's what we're dealing with. Let us not ignore reality here, please. You're not being genuine and you're belittling the topic when you're not being genuine.   We're clearly discussing when one side acts like a significant other in the hopes of becoming one, while the other acts as a normal, casual friend. It's just common sense the one acting like the significant other is going to make more sacrifices, make themselves free despite having plans if asked, and will shell out more money to make a good time.   We're not talking about a platonic relationship at all, we're talking about an uneven dynamic and you /know/ that but you, personally, are still blaming the victim.   People always say that men are after sex and it is for the sake of busting a nut, that is FUCKING BULLSHIT and I am tired of that sexist crock of shit. They want intimacy all around, hugging, kissing, sex AND BEING LOVED.   It's the systematic characterization, generalization and demonization of the victim which is the exact same fucking way backwards countries treat their rape victims.   Stop the cycle. For the love of whatever the hell it is you worship, stop making excuses for abusers and users.
0	Growing up I had been spanked over the course of 4 or 5 years because I did this or that. Nothing too bad. Picking on a sibling, not cleaning my room, etc. Basically stuff I'm sure most adolescent boys did. My parents were high school graduates I'm sure doing the best they could. Things seemed ok though.   I graduated high school as valedictorian with a 4.0, got into a good college and landed a decent job making good money. I knew getting an education and surviving on my own was the only way to get up and out so I left home for the last time when I went to college. I'm now in my early 30's and have accomplished a lot of what I wanted. Beautiful loving wife, loving kids, house, paid cars, solid degree, and steady income. After evaluating my life's personal/professional relationships and career trajectory I started to realized how spanking has affected my life.   I have very deep and intense disdain for authority and/or people who try to tell me what to do and how to do it. I lose respect for people who have any type of control/power over me in some way and I perceive as being or doing something the wrong way. There is no limit to the type of person these feelings apply to with a brief list including loved ones, coworkers, and especially supervisors.   The pace at which the feeling of contempt permeates my personal and professional relationships is slow but sure. I believe this is why my relationships seem to wither and I haven't held a job for more than 2.5 years for one reason or another. For a long time I was more respectful to strangers than to my own family.   If I felt pressured enough or in some way wronged/disrespected, I would rather self destruct to regain power than give in or "lose". During one specific spanking incident, when I was about 10, I very clearly remember looking into my father's eyes with a level of hate I haven't known before or since. I wanted to tell him, "You'd better kill me soon because when I'm older and you're an old man I will come looking for you."   For too long I've used the I'll-Burn-This-Bitch-Down-Before-I-Lose strategy. I wasn't aware of this for a long time; hell it even felt good. Every day I have to challenge the way I see people and situations. What feels like the right way to deal with situations isn't. I believe the strategy of gaining power/results through force or coercion works in life or death situations, when you're  doing everything you can to stay alive, but not in the long run.   In the long run the use of force will ultimately kill what you are trying to save. My parents wanted order and compliance but I have routinely sabotaged my own life to avoid it. They wanted me to respect the rules but now I hate rules, and unfortunately laws, I don't agree with. They wanted me to be nicer, but I have been more mean to them and siblings than anyone else I've ever met.
1	Today I had those rare moments where my entire team (including me) got completely smashed early game.  We were blue side and every time the enemy Sejuani ganked a lane, she picked up a kill.  It was pure terror.  By the time the laning phase was over we'd already lost all of our outer towers and the second tower mid and bottom (blue side), with the enemy Ahri at around 14-15 kills and 2 deaths from repeated ganks and roaming.  We were convincingly losing.  We didn't take a single outer tower of theirs.  The enemy Ahri was so ahead in kills that she was spamming random things in all chat.  Luckily no one on my team started a surrender vote.   Eventually we caught one of them out of position by the wraith bush near mid lane which snowballed into a team fight which resulted in our team going even with theirs.  This one little fight with us going even, even though we were really behind, really boosted our morale and gave us the confidence needed to win the game.  We eventually took a free dragon, rushed the mid tower after noticing a few of them in the side lanes and started our comeback.  We ended up just completely rushing and pushing towers extremely hard, getting their mid inhib before rushing to push down the second top tower.  Since we had warded baron super well and made sure they had no wards there, we ended up baiting a baron and catching one of them out giving us a free baron which pretty much decided the game at that point.   Then came the "report so and so for sucking" comments from the all chat, and the very so disappointed Ahri with the insane amount of kills.  But yeah, it felt great to win that game.  Goes to show what not giving up can do.   Morale of the story, lower elo people shouldn't give up so easily.   Also this was a Silver 1 game.  Which I admit to be low elo lol. Q_Q
1	I just played a game with him, depite having now low range that "Relentless Pursuit" buffs made him able to trade better Mid game and move better, ppl also forget he got an increase to his stats:     BASE MOVEMENT SPEED 330 ⇒ 335   BASE HEALTH 470 ⇒ 500   BASE ATTACK DAMAGE 49 ⇒ 52     At lv 3 Lucian can trade better due to the fact that "Relentless Pursuit" doesn't use mana anymore and goes to 8 cd after he uses his passive 3 times, giving him more mana and dmg but due to the range nerf he has to take more risk while trading isntead of sniping you with his "Pircing Light", his waveclear also has been buffed with the removal of the "Piercing light" minion dmg cap.
1	From the people who brought you Meteos' Ego and DrunkScarra. They bring you Thorin's Ego.   ^^^^
0	One night while laying in bed I heard soft tapping noises right above me (there was a water pipe just under the ceiling). The noises would not disappear. In fact, it sounded like they were getting a little louder and pretty closer and closer to my face. I finally had had enough and got up to turn on the lights to check out what the deal was. On my way to the light switch I noticed something weird near that water pipe. I got closer to take a look and as my eyes were adjusting to the darkness, I realized I was staring at a humongous rat. We locked eyes for a brief second, and it took off back into the wall.
0	Jumping to coercion to solve a problem means that a voluntary one cannot be reached. However, just in the past 30 minutes or so I have come up with  commercial  (in both senses of the word) solutions to all these problems. This is not an exhaustive list. There are many ways to solve these problems using new technologies or alternative funding strategies.     Flouridated water, Potable water, Food safety: "My company has flouride added in a safe level, so you should buy my water" or "My household add-on adds safe levels of flouride to your water to benefit your health" and "My water won't kill you and is safe to drink" or "My filtration system makes nasty water potable and safe to drink" (systems like these are already available for sale) and "My food won't kill you"     Seatbelts: "My car includes seatbelts, while the competition doesn't"     Gas mileage improvement: "My car gets better gas mileage" (seriously, haven't you seen these ads on TV?)     Road standards: I'm not understanding why you are suggesting this. We don't have them now. There are different road standards as well as traffic laws across the country, and in many cases within states. The only "uniform" standard really applies to the interstate, but that is a minor subset of roadway. Besides, the standard that exists is quite detrimental to the environment and has subsidized driving over use of green tech like rail.     trash service/sewer: "You can use our service to dispose of your waste, and we do it in an environmentally friendly way!" or "this house comes with its own septic tank and trash disposal system that only needs to be emptied once a year"     Your kid can't come to school with lice: not really coercion in this case, so I don't think this is a clear objection to my point. Assuming a free society where people freely choose whether to attend a school or learn from home, this would simply be a by-law of association with the school (similar to a contract). In this case, you could either suspend the person from coming to school in a non-disciplinary manner or your school could have a benefit of enrollment where they treat lice.       Not sure what you are getting at after the waterproofing thing. If you are willing, would you mind clarifying?
0	My dad hit me until i was 16 or 17, and i started getting fed up with. He used the belt to hit me, it would leave red marks. He never hit me physically, and never left bruises. Everyone saw it as normal for where i come from it was normal. And one day during my sophomore year of high school, i started lifting, and gain around 20 to 25 pounds of muscle. For which then i would use to my advantage, then the day came on junior year of high school. They year was about to end, and i was in the park with my parents and family friends. I wanted to go pretty far to take a jog, and my little cousin wanted to come with. I told my mom i didn't to take him because he was to small, and i was going far. He was crying and kept crying, by the way my dad(if i can call that piece of shit man "dad") hated and still can't stand kids crying. So he told me to stay and take care of him. I said no, because he wasn't my responsibility. So he came over, and i thought to hit me, and tried to grab me. So pushed him back, and thats when he got mad. He looked furious, and his friend held him back to avoid anything physical. They talked to him, and after the park i went to this church with my cousins husband to avoid going home. When i went home he seemed pretty normal, but until the next day after he came from work. He just came crazy from work, told me to go to my room and to wait for him. He was gonna hit me again. So i said no, he came over. But my mother tried pulling him back, and he shoved her to the floor. And thats when i was enraged, and i got up and just shoved him back as hard as i could. And take in note that i was at my top physical shape. He fell back to a glass table, and gashed his elbow from the broken glass. He was dizzy when he started to bleed. He bled all over the floor, my mom told me to get my cousin. So i went, and they were talking him to the hospital. I just stared at him, he made a sudden movement with his head to try to scare me. And I didn't even flinch, i just kept staring at him. After i mocked him in front of him, to show him how ridiculous he looked. After that i spent 3 days in a friends house, came back and till that day. HE has not talked to me for 2 years now, and neither have I. Nor has he hit me, or tried to. His friends and everyone else told him before that incident, "You try to hit him again, he will not take it and he  will fight back." But he never listen.
0	This reminds me of a story a few years back:   I was working at a restaurant in the city.  I would get out of work around 11pm.  One night, after work, I popped in the convenience store to buy some stuff before I took the train home.  A homeless man was hanging around the entrance of the convenience store.  He said, "Hey man, can you buy me some cheese curls?  They're only 99 cents."  Feeling charitable, I gave him a little nod and walked in to the store.   I go to the snack section and start looking for the cheese curls.  A middle-aged woman nearby says, "You're not buying cheese curls for him, are you?"  I respond, "Ummm, yea."  She then said something about how those aren't healthy.  She makes me feel obligated to buy him some juice in addition to the cheese curls and she says that she'll buy him a banana.   I grab the rest of the stuff I was shopping for and then checked out.  I walked out at the same time as the woman.  First, she gives him the banana, and the homeless man is genuinely thankful.  I handed him the juice and the cheese curls.  He was so happy, smiling, and anouncing his thanks loudly.  Then, the woman suggested to the homeless man that he give me a hug.  So, without missing a beat, he grabs me and says his thanks again.
0	This isn't a good thing to generalize. In my limited experience, knowing what other people make doing what I do (software engineer) helps me to price myself. My job can range from 75k to 225k and having no basis for comparison puts me in a bad bargaining position. Yeah I'd be happy with 100k, but if they are willing to pay me 150k for the same job, I should ask for it. When I moved to this new job market a few years ago I was significantly underpaid. I learned from coworkers what is acceptable compensation (not just what I was happy with), and when I left that team, I bargained with my new team. On the other side of it, I have acquaintances that I share my compensation info with and it has helped them do exactly the same. The truth of the matter is that nobody's compensation will be the same and everybody thinks they work more than the next person. The key to sharing this information is to pick who you share it with wisely. I tend to over share because I think getting the information out there will help them to progress and earn what they are worth.
0	I just think. Oh here's a person who is wrapped up in her own little world with her baby. That's great and all, but the reason people don't like it is the same reason people (other than other car people) don't like someone that talks about cars all the time and goes too far into detail over shit people who aren't car people don't know or care about. Ditto for any type of nerd, be it computer nerds, sports nerds, or D&D nerds.
1	I think Tabzz's statement is hinting to the clash of two major interests:   On the one hand, the past season and metas have shown that players were having a less satisfying game experience in some roles (especially Support and Jungle) compared to other roles, which is indirectly leading to a reduction in teamplay ("Why do I have to support, I cant carry, I dont want to support -> I dont want to play").   Riot then tried to equalize the game satisfaction for all roles by giving them the same amount of carry potential. This is not only a psychological but also a business move from Riot, as more satisfaction will attract more potential customers, increasing Riot's profit. This in turn, however has led to to a reduced satisfying game experience in roles that were used to being or known to be the carry roles (AD Carries 'Marksmen'). So habituation is a crucial factor here. If, as an ADC, you are used to be the carry for three seasons, it's gonna be damn hard for you to accept that everybody can carry now.   Ultimately, and what it is coming down to is, the neverending problem, that riot will never be able to meet the demands of every individual in this community. The community can be perceived as political parties which all have their own interests, and it is impossible for riot to satisfy all parties (think about the concept of perfect imbalance which was mentioned a few weeks ago on this subreddit)   People are complaining now, but they fail to realize that the state of the game TODAY will completely change AGAIN in the course over the NEXT MONTHS. This game is all about adoptation, and sorry dear ADCs, if this meta has diminished your power for a few moths think about junglers and support that had restricted power over a couple of YEARS.
0	We've been looking into this option, as my husband exercises and eats well, but it's been so difficult because he's over-eaten for so long that he's literally always hungry.   Appetite suppressants really helped for a while, but they cost us $100 a month because they're seen as non-medically necessary. Surgery might be the best option long term, but it too is expensive.   The thing that bothers me is that if you get surgery, people tend to mock you for not being able to "Put the second tub of ice-cream down" as the only reason why you'd get surgery. It's difficult to get over eating disorders of any kind, and we should offer support to people who are trying.   So
1	How do get better at farming?  I play mainly ADC and I like to think I have great positioning for someone my level (S5), but when I watch the pros and higher level players they have almost double my CS in the same amount of time. I understand I shouldn't compare myself to them, but friends in S1 or G5 also do it so much better than I.
1	During the summer, there was an event called MLG Summer Arena where four teams (TSM, Azubu Blaze, Team Curse, and Team Bacon Lovers Are Crazy Kool) competed for a cash prize. Azubu Blaze swept the competition, dropping only one game to Curse. Azubu brought over the low economy meta from Korea and shut down the NA teams mainly because the NA meta tends to be farm intensive and centered around team fights. Lane phase tends to end sooner now and towers tend to start falling earlier in the game. Long story short, more teams going for early aggression.   As for roster changes, Curse acquired former Epik Gamer member Westrice as their new top laner as Pobeltor was too young to move into the gaming house. Dignitas dropped their support player L0cust for reasons I don't remember or were never stated. They picked up Patoy, one of IWillDominate's old teammates from complexity gaming's league team.   Two other interesting tournaments are MLG Raleigh and of course the NA regional at PAX Prime. At MLG Raleigh, Curse Gaming and Dignitas found themselves in the finals. During the finals, the two teams decided they would play an ARAM for one of the games. After the matches were over, there was some talk about the two teams colluding to share the prize money, but neither organization confirmed this. There have been apologies for the ARAM however.   At PAX Prime, eight teams competed for three spots in the World Championships, which also meant a free ticket to season 3. These eight teams were TSM, CLG.NA, Dignitas, Curse, mMe.Ferus (formerly mTw.na), Team Dynamic (young team formed around IPL4), TSM.Evo (old Epik Gamer), and Team Legion (a team that appeared almost out of nowhere and managed to place into the regional). TSM cruised through the regional, beating mMe.Ferus 2-0, Curse Gaming 2-1, and Dignitas 2-0 to seize first place. Curse defeated TSM.Evo 2-0 but lost to TSM 1-2 in the semi final and lost again to CLG.NA 0-2, taking fourth place. Dignitas defeated Team Dynamic 2-0 and pulled out a poke comp that involved Nidalee, Nunu, Gragas, Caitlyn, and someone else I think. CLG.NA defeated Team Legion 2-1 using a comp revolving around pushing, summoner promote, and 3 teleports. The single game Legion one was an incredibly close base race between the two teams. The semifinal between Dignitas and CLG.NA finished 2-0 in Dignitas' favor, but the deciding game lasted over 76 minutes, the longest game in League tournament history (I think). All in all, 1st place: TSM, 2nd place: Dignitas, 3rd place: CLG.NA
1	I'm not saying you're wrong. But I have a feeling, that it's all about assassins and "there is no tanks in s4" gameplay (if you're not lifestealing/regenerating you will die in seconds even with fulltank items). There IS counter to engage. Lulu, Janna, Nami - all of tham actually can counter it. But why would you do that? There are 2 scenarios. Either you survived and probably got nothing out of it or you failed and died. And when you will play "engager", if you will counter-engage you actually have a possibility to kill enemy.   In past it wasn't alsways the case, because you could take passive "guardian support" (like Janna) and protect your fed AD carry late game. But nowadays you're not able to protect him! Bursters have so much damage, that your little shield and knockback arent enough! And what if jungler will got to botlane? It's probably Vi/Pantheon/Wukong, you need only 1 good, reliable CC (Annie, leona, thresh) and you have almost guaranteed kill with him!
1	So basically why I think ziggs is so strong is his scaling throughout the game as well as his utility. Ziggs has 4 damage spells all with insane range from 850 all the way to 5300. His waveclear is extremely efficient and safe with his Bouncing Bomb (Q) having up to a 1.6 second cooldown with 40% cdr and his Hexplosive Minefield with up to a 6.4 second cooldown with 40% cdr. He provides high burst, high waveclear, and high poke damage with extremely powerful and safe siege. If you look at why Kha'zix and Jayce were nerfed they had insane and SAFE poke damage with no counterplay and strong disengage with their leap and accel gate respectively. With ziggs you can see the same traits in his kit with his poke, waveclear, and clean up with no weaknesses.
1	This might be true, but it doesn't change the fact that it is a horrible experience for new players.   So she spends her first dozen games losing to high-tier smurfs, her MMR lowers.  Then she spends a dozen games losing to Mid-Tier smurfs (who lose to gold+ smurfs, but can still stomp on a newb).  And so on down the MMR ladder.   This is also disrupted by the fact that every game there is a 50% change the smurf is on YOUR SIDE.  So the losses might be mitigated as you are carried-- but being carried is just as boring and uneducational as being curb stomped.   What's worse, the smurfs on YOUR team yell at you for doing things wrong -- not buying right items, not leashing properly, not winning your lane... They are WAY more toxic than typical beginners.   The end result is one of the worst new-player experiences I've seen in any rated, competative game, ever.   I eventually advised her to just skip solo queue SR entirely and play dominion and bot games until closer to level 20.  This way she learns to teamfight and watch the mini-map, and can practice last hitting vs bots without all the flaming, raging nonsense.
1	In the other thread there was a mentioning of Captain Mode in DOTA. Other than the fact that the captain is highly unlikely to sabotage the game, it seemed to be an unpopular idea since the captain would essentially pick the champions for the team and could only choose from a selective pool of champions. This would mean less freedom for the players,  but I think we can improve this feature by eliminating these concerns.   First let me say that this proposal consists of elements from three main ideas:   1) Captain Mode (modified)   2) Vote Kick (captain only or team majority)   3) Dungeon Finder (not really, choice being captain or role player)   Captain Mode   Suppose we start with the basis of Captain Mode in DOTA in the sense where captains still ban 3 champions. However instead of having the captain pick the champions from his/her pool, lets allow the players to still select from their own pool of champions and have the captain approve their picks. This will eliminate the issue if a player's request to play a specific champion was declined. As far as how the captain approval works, from here there are two scenarios, approve and reject. If the captain approves the pick, perfect game on!   Vote Kick   If the captain rejects the pick, then there are several ways to go about this. The player can continue to select a champion until it is approved by the captain or leave the game without penalty after a certain amount of rejections. Likewise after a certain amount of disapproved selections, the captain/team may kick the player from the team without penalty. In this case the captain and player could not come to an agreement, so we can say it was best that they did not form a team that may have gone bad from the start. Hopefully with the captain being a moderator for the team, this will define a guideline for in-game conflicts regarding pick and call order.   Dungeon Finder   So with this concept we still maintain the quality champion selection while reinforcing player's roles. However lets say you were tired of being bossed around and wanted to be in control. In this case we can create two options when finding a game, captain or role player. Those who select captain will be grouped with 4 role player that are of lower rank. Basically this is addressing Lyte's issue on Cognitive Biases. The idea is that by choosing to be captain, you are declaring yourself to be the best and have the ability to carry the team. You also have the ability to assemble a team composition that compliments your play style. However that also means you have to bear more responsibility and take the blame for any problem like real leader should.   So what if you're not up for the increased responsibility and challenges that comes with being a captain? Well thats what the role player option is for. By being a role player you will be grouped with 3 other role players around your skill level and a captain who is of higher rank than you. You will be guided by the experience of your captain, who will hopefully lead you to victory.   Anyways thats pretty much the main concept. Feel free to leave any comments or build up on this idea.
0	Not quite.   Imagine that you are a young kid.  Another kid comes up to you and says "My mom is going to buy this delicious candy that has peanut butter inside of chocolate, and told me to find out who want some.  Would you like some?"   You respond "Peanut butter inside of chocolate?  There is no such thing.  Don't count me in."   Well, later, that kids mom comes over with a bunch of Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, and you see this incredible thing.  The only problem is that you didn't want to be counted in the group, so there is none for you to have.  You must sit there and watch as all these other kids eat the delicious peanut butter cup.
0	I was about to comment this same thing, thanks for pointing it out first!   Priests should be respected whether you believe in religion or not, because they've dedicated their lives to helping people, not just with religion but in other ways too; Priests help the homeless, They organize fund raisers, And they're usually always around if you just need someone to talk to. I actually haven't encountered a priest that dislikes atheists, All the ones I've talked to pretty much understand that stance but just don't follow it themselves.
1	Believe it or not, most of us don't have much money to spend on this game. That is why while some of us buy 2 champion bundles and a some rune pages have a ton of IP to spend on runes, most of us don't even know runes exist until level 10, and probably don't save up for them until at least level 20, many don't even save IP until level 30. Why? Because not everyone is a person who played from beta who is familiar with all of the champions. What we want to do is to expand our champion base and learn the game instead of saving up for runes.   This is really why I find your entire argument is invalid. Sure, it is inefficient to solely buy IP Boosts if your intention is to buy only champions. That you have proven and we aren't denying it. However when you say "Don't buy IP boosts, they aren't worth it." That is a complete lie because They help you do something that you can't do with RP. This means there is no exchange rate between RP and IP.   You are under the expectation that everyone is dropping 50 EUR for this game to strictly buy champion bundles and rune pages, but that is entirely not the case. Most people don't buy that much RP, and thus buy probably 95% of champions with IP. And when that happens, they need more IP for runes. What do you know, IP boosts help with that.
1	Except games still had to be remade at  TI2 . Morph had just got a mega kill and the game crashed, and they found that the server that made backups lost power.
1	When i duo'd I had a 80% winrate with my partner, the few games that were lost, were lost due to the fact of people already calling the game lost because a duo's asked for bot, little things such as a 4v5 afk or someone playing badly, blaming us and then making himself play worse, and thats at mid plat to diamond.   I would imagine the main source of losing with duo's on your team is because some peoples mindset cant get past the mental barrier of having a duoQ, I'm not sure why but they deem it as worse than the existence of Teemo.
0	I am white, my kids are Samoan, Mexican, Chinese and White.   The looks are priceless.   { Edit }   To Clarify, these are not different children, this is the mixture of blood my kids have.  They each have Samoan, Mexican, Chinese and White, what white I am not sure, I think Danish.
1	I don't think this tournament proves that the regions as a whole changed. EDG has always stood out from the rest of China atm. FNC played incredible but EU as a whole is still in an awkward spot. I'm biased against TSM because I've never really liked that team, I find it hard to be a fan of given that it should be a rule to have at least 3 players from your own region. TSM is also inconsistent and have a history of choking in international events. However, I gotta give them props for a great split and improved tactical game. KR is always been best as a region and I don't think this tournament changed that.
1	Mana pots are useless for their price, so don't bother with that.   As for getting Mana early on, you can do it if it fits your play style, theory crafting can only go so far and trying out things that suit -Your play style- can mean all the difference in the world (hl2 ref!).   Personally, I don't require too much mana with Talon, so I go for damage rather than Ability sustain, it also depends on how much you spam \ how well you spam it, hitting 1 out of 5 W's on the enemy means you're probably using it poorly, and you can save loads of mana by just hitting it more, meaning you have to spam less.
1	Failing to do his part isn't the same as feeding top/mid/bot lane 0/10.   Good point though, I think this might help me solve my flaming problem. Interesting perspective.   But still, the feeders and noobs deserve some flame. How else will they know they are bad.. If you don't flame the shit out of them, they will stay bad and ruin more and more games.
0	I believe all of it. I knew a girl like this in highschool. She had the same self-entitlement, same "hobby", but her parents were not loaded and she was a 5/10 at best.   She didnt have many friends and she was one of the more normal people at my school. I was wrong. I found out talking to her on the phone, talking about nothing. After she brought it up and went into detail, I could never talk or interact with her in the same way. I couldnt think of a reason for her to share that with me other than maybe it was a veiled invitation?   Well I didnt have to worry cause she hooked up with weird kinky sex guy of my school (who on unrelated note fucked my gf now ex at a party when I was present. No one gives a shit but fuck you man.)
1	As support, you don't get pleasure from kills, you get pleasure from winning the lane and then winning the game. When you look at the enemy ad and he has half the cs that your guy does, has had to back a couple times while ur carry has 2k gold and is still farming with full health on dorans or boots1, that's when you're playing well, not when you get a stun and an assist.   And you're right, you can't carry as support, but you allow your carry to carry... which is kinda the point.
0	as much as I like the sentiment and as much as I like any Good Gay memes, that guy is ugly.   There was also this meme (in gaymers or gaybros...) that was something like "good guy gay" and had this really hot shirtless guy in front of an american flag and it was "holds the door for you. fucks you."   different idea for the meme but he was hot. And there's already some with the real Greg.
1	I have no idea what math he's doing. Let's ignore mr for ease of computation.   With Current Ahri, her full rotation of spells do 140+280+180+495 magic damage + 140 true damage which equals 1235 with 65%+80%+35%+105% scaling= 285%   With the changes, her rotation is (140+224+180+420) 1.2 magic damage + 140 true damage = 1296.8 with (32.5%+64%+35%+75%) 1.2+32.5%=280.3%   How did Negitivity get a 700 damage loss?
1	I think to fix kha'zix they have to make all his evo viable while not all at once. They should hard nerf his normal q but super buff the isolation damage on evo q and scale harder off items. This will make it so he's more like an assassin if you want to build him that way and cant just go into 5 people and kill a adc while being tanky. They should also make his w a more sustain/cc (heal of all explosions and maybe 50% slow) aoe tool if you want to be in the middle of fights. E is great. His r should give less DR (maybe 30%) when evolved but make it so when unevolved he gets like 10% when in stealth so it's not an priority to evo unless you wanna be a full tank and also maybe less MS. So if you want to go assassin glass cannon you go q e w and kill or chase isolated targets. Or if you want to go tank you go w e r. If they go without e they have a huge lose in utility but more a immobile bruiser.
1	This is why I have barely played in ages.  Every time I come back and play a game, there's something that goes wrong and there's always some toxic player, be it on my team or the enemy's, that has to ruin the game.   For example, I finally played for the first time this month, last night.  We had a premade group of four (we wanted five to avoid an uncooperative random, but couldn't grab a fifth).  We'd already worked out what roles we wanted to play more or less, but when we got into the lobby, the random auto-locked Soraka with heal and revive.  I figured, 'Great, a troll,' but fortunately they switched revive to flash.  However, I main support, which is what I planned to play.  Now, I don't blame the random entirely, because I didn't say anything straight away (not that they gave me much of a chance).  So I opted to play AD Ez.  We ended up against a Twitch/Nami combo, which as you can imagine made it hard to last hit.   Fast forward and I end up dying to Twitch in attempt to save Soraka, who aside from barely warding at all, liked to sit in the bush and do nothing but occasionally give me mana.   Fast forward again and eventually Twitch has spectacularly outfarmed me and combined with a support that's actually helping him, Soraka and I die an even 3 times each.  Our mid was also having problems (Akali vs Kat) and ended up feeding also.  At this point, even though our top and jungle were doing quite well and our top had more kills than Twitch and Kat combined, Soraka suddenly goes, 'Fuck this, I'm out,' and DCs.   The rest of the game went ok.  We still lost and amazingly the enemy team were quite nice about our ragequitting Soraka (their top lane Vi also ended up ragequitting later on making it 4v4 but Kat was far too fed to recover - she quadra-killed us on multiple occasions).   At the end both teams reported Soraka and Vi, but it was enough to make me not want to bother playing another game.
0	Seems like no one here has thick skin. Go ahead and downvote me but it is a little ridiculous. Being middle eastern and going to school in South Carolina, I get called terrorist all time it doesn't bother me, I have been called every name under the sun but I keep pushing on. Before people know what my cultural background it is they call me Mexican, I have had hispanic people speak Spanish to me and that doesn't insult me. People call each other stupid all the time and what happens, they man up and learn to roll with the punches or laugh along with the joke. Do I believe that using gay as stupid is ok, no, it isn't, but I do it, it is a force of habit. I don't hate gay people either, they are awesome to hang out with but they know that I am not insulting them when I say something along those terms. People call each other pussy all the time and no one cares. The point is this phase will die out. Eventually when homosexuality is accepted in 99% of homes it will end, but tell me how many of you say retarded instead of stupid or lame. There is no reason to be a little girl about every single insult you ever hear, just don't be an asshole, if it bothers the company you are with or others around you, acknowledge it and stop, realize you are being an absolute ass and insulting people's feelings, but if it doesn't hurt anyone then why be such a prick about it?   Edit: I love that this guy's friend is cool enough to not let a stupid word get under his skin, good for your buddy /u/Morocco_Llama
1	Because the people that will buy the skins < the people that will raise hell to riot about them being returned to the store after being made limited, hence the lee sin rework / nerf didnt go through. Enough people made enough of a fuss that it didnt happen compared to the people that didnt care and didnt do anything. People would go so crazy about their 1rp urf Ww skin being re-released (seeing as Rito promised that they wouldnt be released( similar to the legacy skin hype/ hate although it wasnt promised)) that they wouldnt do it for fear people would get hella mad.
1	I've found something else he said though is true. Its very difficult to learn how to play any better when you can only practice against silver players, their skill level can flucuate wildly and games are generally stomps one way or another. You can learn through watching streams yes, but a lot of what they say, when applied at these levels, doesn't always make a profound difference and thus doesn't stick as well, since the flow of stomp/get stomped continues with or without it. Playing against plat players or higher is different though, these little things make a much larger difference, you can also focus more on learning these things than leading your team, since your team is generally good enough to not throw when unled, whereas in silver and lower if you aren't leading your team and being extremely vocal during the game, you can be 18/0 and still lose due to their incompetence (and i suppose yours for not properly leading them and actually "carrying" them). Combine that with the fact that op probably isnt really plat level and is just "good enough" to not throw the game, then that means he's playing against better players, which only increases the speed at which you can learn. So maybe a month from now, if op doesn't drop before then, he really will be a plat level player, since he's learning against plat level players. His leadership will probably stink still though, but as long as he can listen and is a team player thats not a bad thing.
1	Not a new player by any means, but I've spent most of my time playing LoL as jungle,  adc, or support. Whenever I try top or mid, I find myself being bullied. I have a list of champions I'd love topl play, but I'm too chicken shit to try in mid or top.   How do I get past the fear of trying new lanes/champs? If I lose mid lane on a new champ, I tend to get discouraged and go back to my comfort picks. Any tips for someone who wants to learn mid? I know a lot of the intricacies involved with bot lane, jungle,  and to a lesser extent, top.   Secondly, harass. My first time top lane Lee Sin was vs a Pantheon spamming Q on me. I decided to all in him at level 3 and died cause it was a terrible move on my part,  but being harassed so easily made me unsure of how to handle the lane. If I don't have at least 100 cs by 15 mins, I feel like I've failed. Same with fizz, if I get a high harass opponent like Ori, i just get intimidated into farming under tower. When I adc, I know how/when to harass,  if I should be down in cs or up, and if its okay to be csing in lane with 50% hp, and I know if I toughed it out in mid, I'd be decent there,  too.
1	It's really tough. Even if he gets ganked and shut down, zoned from farm, and get's lane pushed, he will always find a way to farm. Last week I played Garen against him. Constantly harassed him, zoned him, jungler ganked two times, both resulting in kills. I killed him two other times. He only had about 70 stacks by 10 minutes (which is completely shit), and was 0-4. Sounds like a feeding noob, right? Well after I pushed down his outer turret, I started grouping up at mid, where small skirmishes were happening. Meanwhile, Nasus farmed, and farmed, and farmed. I wanted to go and harass him again, keep him away from minions, but at this point he has the lane frozen just next to his tower, constantly getting lane minions and golems. If I would have gone to stop him, his team would have come killed me. If I would have gotten my team to come kill him, he could have easily escaped (wither plus ghost plus right next to inner turret-nobody can touch him). Also, his team would come to help him too, essentially forcing a fight under their towers or in their jungle, with a heavy vision disadvantage. It's essentially a lose-lose situation, only thing you can do is push down mid lane, taking advantage of the 4v5. But eventually, he's gonna have enough stacks to come and start wrecking shit. And he did. He made it very difficult in team fights, as he can single the ADC out with Wither and stay alive long enough with his ult to get to them and basically one shot them. You might say "just kite him and kill him before he can get there". But a 95 percent slow isn't going to allow the ADC to kite him, and while my team is killing him, the rest of his team is doing work too.  We ended up winning that game because each lane had pretty much won, and we could always manage to kill the rest of Nasus's team and then focus him. He still ended up going about 13-5, even after getting shut down early.   So,
1	Just wanted to jump on your point here, « personal » AP items mean little since Riot can tweak that Champion's ratios just to adapt to their taste (see Cassiopeia : she may have >9000 AP lategame but Riot specifically tweaked her ratios). It, however, is a question of whether they want that champion to synergize well or not with  Rabaddon's Deathcap .   Edit :  By that I mean... Let's say the Hextech Core gives 200 AP (it's 155 but I want easier numbers to compute). Riot wants Viktor's  Death Ray  to gain a ~150 damage powerspike (for whatever reason) when Viktor finishes his  Hextech Core . Therefore, they will give it a 0.75 AP ratio (it's 0.7 currently).  However !  They also want to reward Viktor for going glass canon (i.e.  Rabaddon's Deathcap ), so they keep the +200 AP item but will probably decrease  Death Ray  ratio if the need arise.   Saying that « he's the only guy who can build more than 2 +120 AP items » would work only if every champion in the game was identical. If that argument was solid, it would indeed be a « Viktor is plain better » argument, which Riot seems pretty wanton to avoid (see Toplane Disaster and current Jungle issues), preferring « Viktor is better  in that situation, filling that role  » - for good reasons.
0	Nahh. Everybody has those words that everybody else seems to learn before them.   It's kind of hard to explain, but I'll do my best. Basically, it's kind of like somebody going against the gender expectations for fashion, but usually these people still identify as cisgender. Like, a man who thinks his legs look sexy in a dress and decides he is going to wear that dress and maybe try some make-up because it really brings out his cheekbones would be dressing in an androgynous fashion. Same thing with a girl that dresses more like what society says a man should dress as. But usually, if somebody is born a male and identifies as a female, it isn't considered androgynous if she would wear a dress.   There's also the definition of androgynous where it's just hard to tell the gender of somebody from first glance--which sounds meaner than it is.
0	As someone who works as a server, we really need the tips.... I work at Red Robin. The kitchen staff starts at 12 bucks an hour and the servers make 2.13+ tips. The difference being that the kitchen staff are scheduled to work 6-8 hour work days while the servers are scheduled for 4-6 hour workdays. Kitchen staff are stationary all day. Servers are CONSTANTLY walking for their whole shift. I leave work exhausted, usually sweating, and ready to just sleep in my car half of the time. I work my ass off for tips and still barely make enough to get by. I survive off of tips. How can you justify saying "the businesses should be responsible for paying their employees, not me" when the fact is that they don't. Next time you have bad service, look around and see how many tables that server is running. 4 is a lot to take care of, not to mention the nights I have 5, 6, or even 7 tables at a time. The truth is, we work hard, really really hard. The next time you think to yourself "I had to sit for a WHOLE minute and a half for a refill on my coke" or "they messed up my food, I'm not giving a tip to the server who has NOTHING to do with preparing the food" also think that that 5 dollar tip could mean the difference between making rent, doing laundry, buying a gallon of milk, or going without.
1	Like I said, I can't personally speak for the time before I was playing. I've heard stories of release Xin, TF, Vayne, etc. but didn't actually experience it.   The fact remains though that nearly every champion released recently has been OP, and I have a strong feeling that it's not simply coincidence. Looking at a list of champions by release date, 3-5 of the last 22 have been arguably OP on release (Quinn, Nami, Syndra, Hecarim, and Varus being the ones who were arguably not). 75% of champs released in the last year and a half have been OP on release.
0	I follow conspiracy theories avidly. Not because I subscribe to them but because I find it interesting how little information and sources people (including myself) need to take something as gospel.   I remember when I was a naive young teen with the relatively unregulated early noughties internet at my fingertips and abovetopsecret.com was one of my regular ports of call.  I remember the feeling I got when I'd look through countless pictures of rubble from 9/11, overlaid with arrows and text added with MSPaint and I'd think to myself "Wow, this all adds up, why isn't everyone more open minded? The people here are so CSI!". I'd feel smug that I was one of the minority that "got it". I wasn't going to let the neo-cons/illuminati/mole-people/baby-eating shadow government fool me. Well it turns out they didn't. But a long line of trolls, con-artists and (in hindsight) people potentially suffering from schizophrenia certainly did.   I don't think I'm smarter than the people who buy these theories nor did I figure out how misguided I was through any innate intelligence. I was just lucky enough to be surrounded by family, teachers and peers who would remind me that I, like everyone else, don't know everything and never will and of how easy it is to get "sucked in".
1	The more time you give to a proxy singed the more successful it will be. This means you need to coordinate with your team and make plays fast. Take advantage of the fact that he wont be with his team You should force fights and take objectives anywhere you can but concentrating on pushing down towers. Unless he's running TP he wont be able to come help his team and you will be fighting a 4v5. If he is then make him use it and keep up the aggression when his TP is on cool down. If you can't force objectives fast you'll have to deal with him though. You'll have to do this fast as well or his team will take objectives else where.
0	haha no you're a heterosexual male human for wanting that.   telling the internet in the frustrated picard meme you want anonymous instantaneous physical interaction with chicks who post on gw is what makes you a pervert.
1	Nooo, this is the worst thing about the internet sometimes.   You should never cry because of stupid, random assholes, whom you don't even know. I know that you know this already, but damn I just gotta repeat it. Put people who are being negative, rude, obnoxious or something similar on ignore. Ignore the shit out of them. Don't even bother with replying. Just realize that these clowns hold no power over you, their opinions are useless and without any value whatsoever. Ignore, ignore, ignore!!! Don't fret if you have a bad game, whatever. But ignore those asswipes right away. Do not take their words to heart. FUCK THOSE GUYS!
0	Let me stop you there, I don't believe you have seen his/her essay. So how did you get that the teacher has a religious agenda? From what I understand here, the topic was abortion. Their stance could have been pro-life based. Whilst I think marking down an opinion just for having "the wrong opinion" is fallacious, for all we know (and this goes for either side of any argument) their essay could have been full of bullshit facts and sources.
0	I love with my parents, but I live with them....and I'm fucking 27.   They're all up in my shit 24-7, always giving me something to do or always trying to bring up a conversation. I don't even have a door to my room (im in the basement) so they come in and out as they please. I can't do anything I want to without them fucking in my shit at all points. They even go so far as cleaning / rearranging my "room" anytime I'm not around, even though I've expressed my disapproval for this multiple times.
1	theres a lot more toxicity in normals for me aswell, i switched over to play ranked or teambuilder which are to be fair surprisingly more enjoyable considering theres ( in my experience ) less destructive behaviour in rankeds and no pressure to fill certain roles in teambuilder
1	Probably you need to use ^ and then a space after, might be something with your keyboard language since you made an î, would probably be the same with ê and ô if you try them. Consonants (w) would work.
1	Well, here's my pitch, and I hope I'm not too tough on you but I want to help. My usual response to people looking for advice is to  play  the game more, because experience will lead toward improvement. I checked out your profile and you have plenty of said experience, but something apparently isn't clicking for you.   At this point I have no doubt that your cs and basic mechanics are intact and just dandy, but what I suspect may be your issue is when it comes to making the so called "grand decisions" of the game. Every game is determined by a few important actions/turning points, but you're only in control of your own. I think mechanically you match or exceed everyone where you are right now at your skill level.
1	Of course youre right. The new champions that have been released have all more or less been priced at maximum. And only a few champions have been reduced in price.   But couldn't one argue that new champions are supposed to be that way?   I would rather a new player be purchasing and using and learning to play on champs like Annie, Ashe, and Garen instead of Ahri, Draven, or Riven.   New champs are more complicated and  generally  have higher skill caps.   The original 'core' champs are as cheap or cheaper than release and will provide a new player all the skills they need to both identify their preferred play style and fill up a pool of roles.   No one needs to own all champions. If i decide after playing Annie that I want to play AP mid, I can go and purchase a handful of those, while skipping the AD/jungle/supports completely.   Seems to be working as intended.   I guess
1	My best advice is just to not give yourself the opportunity to get yourself depressed, or discouraged, and immediately que again. This is ONLY if you play in hopes to actually improve your ELO. If you don't care, just que up in an unranked game, try a new champion, just have fun.   It is VERY similar in SC2, but sometimes even to a greater extent, mainly because you have to accept that every time you lose a game isn't because of a bad teammate, but because of all the mistakes you made throughout the game. Obviously it doesn't feel good losing a game, especially when you realize that it was your fault, but you can't afford to just stop queuing if you really want to improve.   The first ranked game I played was a soloque, and I decided to take gangplank top, because at the time, he was my strongest champ. Things went south pretty quick when they sent a garen top. It was very discouraging being totally zoned and killed under my tower. MAN that was hard to take.   So as a solution, I kept on queing. Sure, your elo wont be the best for a while, but it really does make you a stronger player.
0	If you read the story posted as to the details of the rape, it makes more sense as to why the person only recieved 4 years. This wasn't a violent rape. This was mutually intoxicated consensual sex that stopped a minute or so after she told the person she was no longer interested in having sex. There should, in my opinion, be sentencing distinctions between violent(or those that were never consensual at any point) rapes and the situation the victim describes here, if they are prosecuted as rape at all--just like we have sentencing distinctions in all other facets of the law. An example would be misdemeanor assault---pushing someone and punching them in the face can both be prosecuted as misdemeanor assault, but most people would probably agree that punching someone is typically the more egregious of the offenses and should thus be punished more harshly.
1	I just hate it in ELO hell where you haved just aced the enemy and got baron.  You type in chat for all your allies to help you push and you start pushing out mid, however ALL your allies recall and complain you did not stay with the team despite the fact you could have got an inhibitor out of it.  When you lose after this it makes me a sad panda
1	I started playing last December and even though I had a diamond friend teach me how the game works and play with me between levels 1-7, I was very frustrated. I felt completely lost when she wasn't playing with me, and like I was embarrassing myself when she was. One day after getting flamed really bad, I was so frustrated that I actually uninstalled. However, I had already developed some level of attahment with LCS teams, so I kept watching pros play. The more I watched, the more I learned. I then started watching streams on Twitch of players who talk about why they do what they're doing. After some time I realized I wanted to try playing again, and it was infinitely easier. As long as you understand the game to a good capacity, people usually won't flame you much for mechanical mistakes. (However it's understandable if you want to play bot games until you feel comfortable playing PvP). I know it's very frustrating, but keep at it. Find a few champions you like (always try out free champions in custom games) and roles you're comfortable in, and keep playing!
1	Imo Thresh is very balanced. He brings hard CC to the table and he has a lantern to escape with. His passive also allows him to scale well in to lategame. But let's compare him to other supports.   I like to think Thresh as a high risk - high reward support. If he falls behind early he can not do what he is supposed to do.. engage and peel. He will just get blown up. Other supports like leona and Annie can save the lane with a good ult. It is hard for Thresh to come back from a bad trade because his harrass in lane is auto attack based while supports like Annie can harass with her abilities.
1	Best wishes to you man. I don't know what to say,and I honestly hope everyone who read the
0	Well, excuse me I did not know you were the supremely correct and knowledgeable translator for all internet based analogies.   I, for one, have witnessed many instances where a socially awkward person has been perceived as a creep; even though he had good intentions.
0	Just because you are reading / seeing / hearing more coverage of the Coke commercial than Scientology doesn't mean people actually feel that way proportionally.   The media decides what it covers based on money, and trollbait articles about a small handful of people raging about 'speaking American' are dirt cheap to produce and source, with high viral 'reach' (hello, reddit!) because they are inflammatory.  Meanwhile all this is bonus coverage for Coke, who couldn't care less.  (Want a reason to be pissed at Coke?  Go look for some information on the Union leaders for coke workers in Latin America)   Scientology on the other hand has deep, deep pockets and they have previously demonstrated willingness to go after publications for even the slightest hint of libel in any report about members, their commercials, or their religion.
0	I have a friend named Sean.   When he was over for dinner, he kept thinking everyone was talking about him in Polish. My folks and our other guests were simply asking for others to pass the horseradish.   Horseradish in Polish is 'chrzan', which sounds like the name Sean.
1	I have an extremely high opinion of the new TT I'll try to provide counter points to most of the common arguments I see against it, as well as the major reasons I like it.   Counter-arguments:   "There are no wards it's too hard to keep track of opponents" While true it's easy to duck out of sight it's also generally very easy to see when people are ganking. The overall lower number of map objectives allows you to focus more on the enemy team. If you miss two people leaving your mini map, the issue transcend the map itself into a mechanics problem.   "Bruisers are too op and snowball too hard" Bruisers are designed to win early off of base damages, and to be a direct threat to AD, and AP carries. However, I feel there is counter play available.  Don't fight them early if you are playing AD/AP carries, let the game farm out to where you peak in power, not where they do. Itemization also helps alot. I almost always end up with BotRK as my first or second major item if playing an AD carry.  It's active is such a strong kiting mechanic it can really make or break fights. As AP carries, Wooglets + lichbane gives an incredible amount of surviability against bruisers as well as respectable mixed damage output   "Vilemaw is too hard to kill" Vilemaw is a lot stronger then the dragon we had on the old TT. With proper coordination though it's a pretty easy fight if you know the mechanics behind the boss. She prefers to hit whoever is closest to her like baron does, with an AOE damage. She can only attack in one of three "directions" so whoever is tanking should be standing in a diffrent section then the other two. Frequent tank swapping (Think every 2-3 hits) also prevents her massive -60 AR/Mres buff from fully stacking making the fight much easier.   "Alters are too snowbally, either you have none, or both" With the pushing back to 3 minute alter unlock I have found far less fights breaking out for a fast 2 cap. It's actually advantageous to give up your alter and avoid fighting if a stronger team is going for it. If you fall into the mindset trap of thinking that "If I loose this alter at 7 minutes they are going to win the game" then you are likely to take bad fights, and start the dreaded downward curve. Instead think "Well at 8 minutes we will have some one there to re-cap"   "Games overall snowball too hard" I see many people on my friends list complaining that a game was lost after their team was down 9-12 kills and there was little they could do to come back. I think this is OK. Keeping scale in mind if the enemy is up 9 kills at 10 minutes, that's the same as on SR the other team being up 15 kills by 15 minutes, in that situation 90% of the time the game is already lost.   I think many of my least favorite aspects of the old TT actually have been fixed. I'll touch on each briefly. Old TT: My team is 18-4, we ace the enemys (again) in a drawn out fight, take inhibitor turret, inhibitor, and then they re spawn and immediately are able to drag every single minion right into the fountain and stalemate the complete stomp of a game out to another 90 minute game Old TT: Lack of true team objectives, Sure you wanted three people for dragon, but not because you needed it, because you didn't want to have it countered. All of the good junglers were easily capable of soloing dragon (Leesinga, Shyvana, j4, ww) Outer turrets were a joke with good ward coverage they were basically free gold for anyone with wave-clear Old TT: Inhib's couldn't be used as a "We are winning there is more pressure on your nexus"  Really this one is self explanitory, the base setup made taking down an inhibitor a bad thing for your team if you couldn't finish out the game
1	As someone that mains yi i can say that the 2 most annoying things to get through are stun and blind. Both if those make me completely useless. As a Master Yi i ALWAYS wait until most if not all the cc is used on the other people on my team before i go in and start the killing spree. It might be a bit different in higher elo but that strategy got me from bronze 5 to my current silver 2. I find that everyone in these elo are too uncoordinated.
1	You described in your thread how it can be exploited.   Imagine, by any chance, you have 2 players A and B in your friendlist who are playing vs each other then you could spectate A to help B.   This is more likely to happen in higher elo but can also happen in lower elo.   Imagine a streamer playing and you see he plays vs a friend you like to troll. Then you can spectate him and tell the streamer where the jungler ganks etc.   It is also very likely that 3rd party programs will find a way to exploit it so that everyone can be spectated in real time.
1	The more games you play then the variability of having bad teammates or even good teammates (luck of the draw) approaches zero and your skill will be the determining factor that shines through. It is the same way with poker and even sports.   Would you rather go a game to 21 with a pro basketball player for $100,000 or just 1 point? Obviously the 1 point as  anything  can happen in one point.   So if you play enough games then stuff like this becomes trivial and you will get through bronze because you are a good enough player not because you are getting carried or you can't make it because of silver V trolls.
1	The important thing to remember when you roam is that the point of roaming is not necessarily to get kills, but to create map pressure. Exerting map pressure well as a mid laner happens to generate kills, as it puts  all  lanes in a position they do not want to be in (ie: unaware of your position).   For example, roaming does not always mean moving to top or bot lane. If you are able to push the enemy midlaner to turret and leave the lane, you create options for yourself. If you can trick a mid laner into walking into brush where you are waiting with a full damage combo, you put some apprehension in him following you to roam. If you decide to roam bot lane, you create a kill opportunity. Roam into his wraiths if you spot the enemy jungler bot or top lane as you push.
0	The reason is due to the anti science mindsets that many have taken on.   Example 01: If science says its not possible to build a giant wooden boat that can hold every creature on the planet then science is not always right!   Example 02: If science thinks that humans are monkeys then why are their still monkeys? Scientists are just making stuff up!   Example 03: If the world is billions of years old then how come my dad says its only six thousand years old? Science is always arguing against stuff that nobody can prove!   which eventually leads into more harmful conclusions based on the same sentiments.   Example 04: Global warming is just some myth, scientists are always making stuff up! If god gave us the power to change the earth then why would he let me drive this monster SUV?   And finally this mentality bleeds into all forms of trust on modern science.   Example 05: Here we go again with this science stuff! Vaccinating my child is just the government and scientists trying to tell me what to do with my children! As an oppressed god fearing christian I must take arms as messing with my children will always the last straw!
1	The problem is the full circle way the Tribunal works, people are afraid to talk because reported for Verbal Harassment even without harassing said player. It's all hearsay too, because someone can say your flaming them even if you're not. On the contrary, if you don't say anything in chat, you can be reported for "refusal to communicate".   I'm not saying the tribunal hasn't done some good things, but you also have to realize even with it's positive impact there are negative consequences. Obviously Riot thinks these negative consequences are far outweighed by the positive results.   One of the reasons I have a tough time believing in the Tribunal and many people do, is because it's community run. If people truly believe that the community is toxic then why would we give that same community the ability to rule in tribunal cases? It doesn't make logical sense, additionally,  I think the 'report' and 'punish' buttons are epidemics and easy ways for people to deal with bad players or negative players. I know there are always players who actually read the cases and punish or pardon accordingly, but there are also players who spam punish without actually reading the cases. As far as the report button, people click it way too much. If Riot's numbers are correct that only .8% of the community is toxic, that means the report button should only be used once every 10 games, but I find people, myself included, push it every single game, sometimes multiple times.
0	I've had my ass grabbed by a man . . . and it was okay to everyone around us.  He complimented me on my firmness, but I was flexing my ass.   So,
0	For me, no even numbers unless it is divisible by 3 or 5 , unless it ends in a 4, 6, or 8. However, if it ends in 4 or 6 and can be factored in more than 2 ways, it is acceptable, such as 24 or 36.   Almost all numbers must be able to be factored in more than 2 ways, unless it is a perfect square or the number 35.  The number 8 is never acceptable, unless it is 08. Almost all numbers less than 10 are accepted except for 1, 4, 6, 7, or 9. Some numbers are exempt from these rules, which will be listed below, along with others that fit into the rules but are unacceptable.
1	True, however if you have such a low amount of games, it's possible for you to have never played against something before, possible for you to not know how to last hit as well as others. Fact of the mater is if you put someone who has had a bunch more time to learn something against someone who has taken a shortcut, chances are the guy who has had a lot more time will come out ahead.
1	Things like this is why TSM has such a huge and diverse fanbase. TSM fans and the community in general have been through so much with TSM because they continue to document it.   We have seen TSM happy, upset, sad and frustrated through their own vlogs and gamecrib and all the other videos. We've seen TSM almost burn down the house, we've seen them lose team members. It's constantly documented.   It shows they are human, they get mad and frustrated when they lose and they get happy when they win. It's that honesty of seeing them through hard times and good that really connects you to them and I appreciate that. If more teams did that, I think their fandoms would grow.   Things like this will obviously cause some people to make negative comments and say ugly things but I appreciate the honesty and I see how much this team cares about what they are doing. In the end, the haters don't matter only the success.   Keep doing you TSM and good luck!
0	I think most people just don't know how to respond, which leads to them thanking you for your service.  We're programmed to revere the military; you can't see a veteran on the news, at a public event, etc. without him/her being thanked for his/her service.  Bear in mind, I'm not making a judgment here - just stating a fact.  I'm no psychologist, but I'd say many of our basic interactions are based on societal expectations re: similar social programming.   Thus, people you encounter automatically revert to the "oh I should show her that I'm thankful" reaction.  Problem is, people feel obligated to say something,  but were never taught how to respond to military wives in particular.
1	I'm having so much fun playing LoL right now and trying to reach level 30   So youre not even level 30 yet and youre already doing PSA's trying to demand us to do things in the game. Since when do people who have played for a week have priority over someone like me whose played for 4 years?
1	This. His AP scalings are pretty good, you can even rush DFG. Second item (or first in certain matchups) should be Zhonya's Hourglas, which results in a Diana-like assassin playstyle. DFG-> R-AA-W-AA-EQ - Zhonyas - R out. Also you do not need a mana item, passive w gives enough for farming and trading (esp. post 6, as you can hit your W on the enemy champion) . You can use multiple R's in extended teamfights up to like 600 mana (4 times) without going out of mana when AA 1 or 2 times. Final build is something like Zhonya's + DFG + Void Staff + Lich Bane + Rabadon's + Sorc Boots.
1	Thank you for writing up, what has helped me so much these past few hours. I read your entire post, took it into action, and 3 hours earlier I was Bronze III, Now, I am Gold V.
0	I have very good health insurance (Blue Cross/Blue Shield and near top of the line policy).  But the "death panels" at even the very good companies constantly screw with people to save themselves money.  You have to remember, these companies have the bottom line as their main objective-NOT your health.  Right now, I use a medication every month that costs my insurance company a couple thousand a month.  If they would pay four thousand a month, I could have enough to clear up my condition and be completely symptom free (though not cured, because there is no cure).  But they refuse to pay for the extra medicine because they would be losing a lot of money.  So instead I have to feel a little sick every month because of their "special protocols" written by doctors they hire say that someone my height and weight only need the half dose.  My doctor's opinion is for naught.  If I want the extra I have to pay out of pocket.  So insurance companies are famous for saying you need to try the cheap medicine first for a few months or you don't need "X" test, or the newest medicine is still considered "not road tested enough" for them to put you at possible risk.  The Affordable Care Act will probably change none of that.  And those are the things that drop us down to #46.
0	Heroes aren't born. The Military does a damn fine job of bringing it out in some people though. You still have your scumbags. Some even go back to old lazy ways right after training. Shammers. But all in all, whether you joined for guts, glory or gold... it SHOULD make you better person (if you let it). Now combat is another animal. Some come back missing parts. Some come back forever changed (not always in a good way). Some don't come back. It's the sacrifice that you've made, or at least  are putting yourself out there willing TO make, that matters most. If you spend your time behind a desk or a rifle... if you break yourself daily or just stand in the background... whether you wanted to or not, you did so for your country. I joined because I wasn't making a difference and I wanted to be a credit to my country. Not the whole damn country... But the parts and people I know and love. While I don't hold the ones who kind of float by doing the minimum in the same regard as the warriors who came home with new parts... I still hold them in higher regard then the ones who never even tried.
0	Two similar experiences:   Ordered indian food from this awesome place nearby, it was valentine's so they were super busy (My GFs idea, not mine, so don't hate on me for ordering takeout on V-Day) and they said it'd be about 1.5 hours, so I said sure, we could wait. 1.5 hours later, no food yet. So I phone to check on the status, they said the driver just left with our order and a few others so I should see it shortly, awesome! 20 minutes later, no food... Phone again, they say they delivered it. So I made them double check the address and it wasn't mine, turns out they lost my order and never cooked it at all. They then offered to make my order and send it to me for 10% off, but I'd have to wait.  Said fuck it, hung up on them, ordered pizza, arrived 15 minutes after phone call.   Second time: Ordered two large pizzas with my old roommate, they said 40 minutes or free. 90 minutes later the pizza guy shows up and i call him out, saying the pizza was free because it took so long (The pizza place was like 5 blocks from my house, no excuse honestly) So he phones his manager and the manager tells him to give me the pizza for free. He's annoyed, but he gives us the pizza. When we went inside, we noticed he had given us three pizzas instead of two.
0	Young or not doesn't even scratch the surface. My friend married a 30 yr old woman, whose way less mature than my 24 yo gf bc she's Muslim and been in 1 previous relationship when she was 17.  PROTIP: Have at least 6 relationships and 10 sexual partners before you settle down.
0	One day a bunch of middle schoolers came into the store and were picking things up, holding them up to each other and then (I kid you not) threw them on the nearest shelf, missing half the time and just leaving them on the floor.   And here's the best part: after they tried shit on, they used, and left all of their crap in all 3 the dressing rooms. So after I finished cleaning up after them in the store, I went to clean out the fitting rooms where I found 3 detached sensors (one had a circle of torn fabric on it).
1	i used malphite ALOT when i first started playing. hes tanky so when you make a mistake you arent dead immediately. Building armor on him increases the damage on his E ability which is nice. You want to build him primarily with Health to boost his passive shield and his abilities mostly scale with Ability Power (AP) or magic damage. Rod of Ages is a pretty good item for malphite for the HP, AP, and mana.   Laning- Use his passive especially against ranged champs. He can be mana hungry early so use his Q every once in a while on the enemy champ to bully him away from getting CS (creep score) also known as farming, that is farming gold from minions by last hitting them. When you take damage to break your shield retreat a bit until it comes back up (i think its 8 seconds?) you can hide behind your minions or jump in the bushes for a few secs. just make sure you stay kind of close to the minions so you gain the experience if you cant get the gold. malphite rarely gets kills pre 6 so you can be fairly aggressive but just make sure not to die that is most important. if you have harassed them enough with your q and made sure to take damage when your passive is up, your opponents health could be low enough  by the time you hit 6 to 'all in' with your ult(r)-e-q combo and snag a kill.   items- malphite can go ALOT of ways item wise and still be viable. You may be the only tank on your team so you will just want to stack health/armor/magic resist. alot of armor items have mana so sometimes you will sacrifice the Rod of Ages mana/AP for the extra armor. Get ninja Tabi boots unless the enemy team has alot of CC (crowd control-stuns, slows, snares, fears, etc) get mercury treads so you can have that extra speed from your q to catch up to enemies and secure a kill. Stay away from AD (attack damage, also the damage dealt by all basic attacks) items since his abilities scale off of AP.   His ult- His late game ult can end a fight before it begins. If you can be patient and wait for the right time when the entire enemy team clusters up for a perfect hit, youre almost guaranteed an ace if your team is behind you. But dont be hesitant to use it on a single target to secure a kill or initiate a fight if youre jungler is ganking at that moment. You can also use it to escape a gank as the ult cannot be interupted and can go over walls if you have enough room.
1	I'd like to have the ability to disable pings. If you're a good player, your watching the minimap almost always and know if a gank might happen, because your team is calling mia's. So many times a player pings like hell the moment he gets ganked because he overextended and wasn't paying attention. There's not much we can do now for him.
1	I know I'm stepping into the lion's den here, since it's possible to find studies backing up every position under the sun these days, but here's one example of a study showing that the relationship between gender and competition could be socially influenced:
1	To be perfectly honest what ever your team pick if everyone play his best chances are that you are going to win. If you start flaming because people random or play a shitty champ (or an usual one that may be good) chances are that you will lose this game only because someone will not even try.
1	Overall, I think you have a good idea. But in practical terms, it is unreasonable and difficult to administer. What happens when your entire team votekicks the first pick because he locked a jungler, where there was someone else who wanted to jungle? Problematic to say the least.   And another issue I've noticed: a ton of people do off-meta related things. playing such things as [NAMI JUNGLE]( could be considered trolling, but they could main said thing. sure Nocturne with Clairvoyance and Ghost is pretty troll, but ynow... use clairvoyance to spot enemies to ult from a distance, ghost to keep your fear tether easier...  secret op strats m8
0	It depends on the needs of the establishment owner. There are some places around my city that have their entire menu written up in chalk. These places might also have a menu that changes about once a month as things go in or out of season.   If I'm not mistaken, the establishment that popularized this look for my town was [Jeni's Splendid Ice Cream.]( The image in the link may actually show an old chalkboard as these days they tend to get a bit more fancy with it. So Jeni's might hire someone to go around to all of their locations and redo the chalkboards about every three months. It would be more practical than depending on the regular staff to do it as a trained artist/designer could give more consistent results. But that might not suit everyone's needs.   There's a board game bar here that hired a designer to write on four pillars covered with chalkboard paint. She did a highly designed look on  most of the surfaces and then left a blank section for the staff to write in or erase what's currently on tap. They might not ask her (or another artist) to come back for several months (or even years) to update the design.   Then there's Giant Eagle Market District... They have chalkboards all over the store. Bakery, cheese, wine, produce, restaurant, and the in-store coffee shop all have chalkboards that change on a weekly or monthly basis.   The bars in the trendier part of town use a mix of freelance designers and people who are already a part of their staff. If they have someone on staff who's got a little talent, they might just use that person's skills. But that part of town has a little chalkboard out in front of just about every establishment. Bars, antique shops, thrift stores, restaurants, and curiosity shops all have them. It's hard to walk 20 feet there without stepping around one. Since the area is saturated with that kind of thing, establishment owners are a little more willing to hire someone who'll make something that really sticks out.
0	In my high school senior classes, once a month students have to bring in something that is important to them, that give a good idea of what kind of person they are and what they've gone through. This month, a student brought in Final Fantasy 7. Needless to say, I was pretty stoked about the choice, and talked to him for a few minutes about how formative that game was to my gaming life as well. Though the student is usually quiet, keeping to himself most of the time, he opened up in a way that I hadn't seen him do previously. It was fantastic to see and hear.   Fast forward twenty minutes into the period, class is taking a vocab quiz, where students have to write their own sentences using the terms correctly. And newly aware of my FF7 knowledge, this kid writes ten pristine sentences involving the game. Sentences about how Cid can make the occasional  glib  comment, how Sephiroth is a villainous  juggernaut , how Omnislash is the most  kinetic  of Cloud's limit breaks.  And not only did he receive a 100 on the quiz, he got my damn respect as well.
0	He doesn't deserve harassment but it's not ridiculous to bring up that his shirt was a bad choice to wear for the occasion. Just looking at it from a pr perspective it was a bad idea. He's handling it excellently though.   No reason to double down over a shirt in this case, apologize and move on. Don't let a shirt take any more attention away from their great work.
1	You lose LP, but you dont lose MMR. You will still be playing with the same tier of people whether you dodge 1 game or 100. LP is also attatched to your MMR, abd after you win or lose, your MMR is adjusted and your LP gains are determined by how close you are to your MMR. So if you get a forced dodge (-3 LP), your next win should rectify your LP deficit, so if you gain 14 LP for that next win, you have gained a net 11 LP, which is what you would have gotten if you won the game you dodged.   This is an oversimplification and works the other way too, you lose 3, then lose a game that costs you 10, meaning a net 13 loss. If you lost the game you dodged, you would have lost the 13 up front.
1	Mundos early game sustain is terrible. Unlike champions who cost health like Zac, Morde, Aatrox (when he comes out), Olaf, Vlad, Mundo is punished for dealing damage correctly. These champions hit their abilities and are rewarded with bonus health (zac blobs, olaf w, vlad q, morde shield), helping them offset the damage they take. Mundo's form of regeneration does not do this for him. He needs 10,000 health before his passive regeneration offset's his costs of w alone, and more if you use cleavers and e.   I can think of two solutions that would help with this problem.   1: Increase his passive regeneration to say something like 0.6% of his current hp, making it kick in harder when it counts. 2: Make his abilities have reduced cost current hp so he doesn't kill himself by trying to deal damage. I'm thinking original values, but reduced by 1% per 1% of health he is missing.   Thirdly, the other way to buff mundo is to remove the health cost on his ultimate. I've never understood why his invulnerability tool punishes him for activating it early. If he's on full health then he only gets 2/3rds benefit of the ability's healing.
0	At a horse show in Spain that was incredibly boring, I noticed that a small group of individuals that seemed way too into dressage would initiate all of the applause. They would clap, then the entire stadium would follow.   To pass the time, my brother and I started clapping at completely inane horse maneuvers, and to our surprise, the crowd bought it.   Grinning, the two of us, knowing nothing about horses, led thousands to applaud every standard left turn.   I had unlimited power literally in my hands. After the show ended I fell into a deep depression that I still suffer from today.
1	Well, Zed as a whole has fallen so helplessly out of meta right now, there isn't much to say to him but RIP. FotM champs shitting out shields/heals, exhaust broken AF vs. assassins, bork active nerf.. merc scim buff, ADC's getting buffed items..   In the jungle he provides to be quite honest, horrible cc for ganks, and his gapclose doesnt really provide any means of sticking without bork / ult since the slow is neglible, has no built in sustain, and that honestly together means he'll never be a top tier jungle.
1	oh you know, some stuff are different . Might as well wait for s5 so you are aware of the changes.If you don't want to you can watch "
0	Wow. This escalated. I didn't think anyone would be seeing this. I figured this'd be buried.   First off, the comments here have been much kinder than I expected. I'm new to this subreddit, and this seems like a great place to be. Thank you so much. You're all amazing.   Secondly, I feel like a Scumbag Steve. I was actually trying to use the meme correctly. Give it another look, and you'll see that I prepped for a “worked-up-courage-to-call-a-girl” story, and then cut into something much sadder. Did I succeed with my dark sense of humour? I don't know. I'm prone to self-deprecation, and I was in a dark place. I worry about any other depressed folks reading this and feeling like I'd made fun of them, like suicide is funny. I apologize. Please keep living.   Also, claiming depression as a way to get attention? Sorry about that. There's reaching for help (an excellent thing to do), and then there's manipulation. I didn't mean to fall into the latter.   So why don't I delete this whole thing? Because I now have a large group of decent, caring people who are worried about my health. I need to address these people. Please don't worry. I'm not going to kill myself. The aim is to keep on fighting and keep on going. Yeah, I'm terrible in social situations. Solitude sucks. But I know to get help when I need it. One day, I'll get my life to where I want it to be. Mental illness or not, I have no right to claim that this life isn't worth living. It's a wonderful life, compared to the vast majority of this planet. I'm just sorry that I whored for attention.   But maybe I can still do some good.  I'm no expert in mental illness, but if anyone wants some advice (again, I'm no expert), I suggest that you jog. I ran a bit today, and it was wonderful. In fact, I can't think of a single time when I felt bad after exercising. I should do that more often.
0	Agreed. Single full time dad here. MY house is trashed no matter how much I clean.
0	Did that and earlier my 7 month year old son turned on the controller as i was about to score on madden. I lost.
1	How did Lily still not make
1	I'd read through this. I have to say i'm extremely impressed, by the time you've taken to do such a test for the game that we all love and cherish, which you want to improve though there are a few points I don't understand, or need further explanation to clarify my feelings towards some of the ideas you presented in your post.     The first thing I noticed, was your test was quite easily not thought about in much depth. Of course I can't tell that this is the best amount to do it by - 20 - but it's behind the same principle of someone's ability to climb the elo ladder. From your theory, in 90/100 games played in League have toxicity exhibited in them, for anyone unsure I'm using the OP's figures of * 18/20  and multiplying by 5 to give myself a useful percentage to work with. 90% of games you say have a level of toxicity however, there are many different factors that could've influenced your 18 games where there was apparently toxicity. These factors lie with what queue was it? What MMR was it? What division were the effected players? What were the surrounding factors within the game itself? it's to large to generalize them saying its tantamount that the majority, if not all of your games have some toxicity in them.     I have to agree with you on one of your main points which are made out throughout the post. >Tribunal is a flawed system     It really is a flawed system in a sense that nothing will ever get done, but from your figures, shouldn't there be more levels of bannable offenses going out? Considering that 90% of games supposedly have toxicity, so to represent this 90% of players have toxicity at any given point meaning that there should be a bigger proportion than what RiotLyte has said get banned temporary / permabanned, and also ( I'm sure about this) said the number of people getting banned from the system was lowered. Now we can't say this is because it's a flawed system or people's behavior changes, nor can we categorize people's toxicity levels based on their elo as proven by a recent front page post regarding what elo according to Op.GG has most leaves per 10k games.     Regarding your third point, it's an idea that I don't actually think you think about the scale of the matter. Regarding the toxicity of the playerbase, a post made by RiotLyte a long time ago explained that for every 100 people only at maximum 2-3 were toxic, or something a long these lines - note recalling this from my memory so i'm a bit hazy - Out of the current playerbase - 60million players worldwide - that's a wooping 1-2million people considered toxic, which is on the scale of trying to resolve these issues, would cost Riot more than the majority think. Riot introduced the idea of a tribunal so the community could contribute to the growth of the community but it hasn't help, neither would hiring a crap ton of staff, because it's a no skilled job, with sitting 10 + hours reading cases over and over, in various different languages, it's more boring than going to school, people would do it for NMW, I won't.   >I'm sure in turn this would bring more money overall.     The investment required to do this, would, as proven by their underestimating ( regarding my PoV, idk about analysts) revenue from 2012-2013 which the publicly published, not to mention the share of which Tencent then takes, it's a risky investment Riot wouldn't take on the basis of having an already loyal playerbase, though i could be wrong.     I sn't your idea for a ''Low-Priority Queue'' actually distinctiveness those who rage, because they don't have any reason to actually improve themselves because they are still playing the game, rather than give incentives to players to perform better in their actions? This could also be abused as your explained earlier in your paragraph regarding being banned due to a group of friends.
0	here's a bunch of different views on this topic (top one is a pretty easy, quick read if you just wanna
1	People like you are why competitive game modes are often infuriating. Yes it's a video game. Yes it's supposed to be fun.   But you know what? WINNING is fun. And NOT winning because some jackass is gold and queued with his Bronze 5 jungler little brother who doesn't know what wards are is NOT FUN.
1	it was a good idea to make the actual picture smaller to make sure no one can see shit.
1	What he says: IM SPOILED BUT I STILL WANT A NEW CLIENT   What he'll get: A new client with tons of new bugs and problems that cause holes in the store losing riot money, holes in the gaming queue that players take advantage of, or worse holes in account login which causes multiple accounts to be sank into the abyss.   What he thinks he should say: RIOT TAKE YOUR TIME AND RELEASE SOMETHING RIGHT SO THE CLIENT DOESNT COME OUT BUTCHERED LIKE AN AZIR LAUNCH..   What he actually should say: Hey riot, I understand that there are complications beyond my knowledge that are holding up progress in this game, but if possible could you prioritize the client over new champions, fixing ping, new map upgrades, and new game modes.   *In other words, Riot can you just do everything I want because you're supposed to be God doing everything with a finger snap instead of months of coding and bug chasing.
0	It's not the FCC, the big hurdle will be the justice department.  Although I haven't studied antitrust law since law school, here is what I do remember:  The question will come down to market definition.   There are two market definitions that are considered, geographic and the product market.  Obviously the cable and internet service is essentially interchangeable so the product market definition is meaningless.  Because the geographic markets are defined by state and local laws, the product markets will be specific to those areas.  They will look at all the various geographical markets.   To determine market concentration, something called the  Herfindahl-Hirschman Index is used.  This formula essentially takes all of the relevant market share percentages for a given market (in this case geographical) and squares each result.  The new values are then added together.   So for example, if Comcast had 25% of a given market, Time Warner Cable had 25%, and another 5 companies each have 10.  the result would be 25^2 + 25^2 + 5(10^2)= 1,750.  The post merger score would be 50^2 + 5(10^2) = 3000. The threshold for whether or not a merger is presumed anticompetitive is an increase by 200 or a total post merger score of over 2,500.   These presumptions can be overcome but it's much more difficult.   It will come down to whether Time Warner and Comcast are direct competitors in geographical markets both with large market shares.  If that happens frequently the merger will be blocked.  If it happens a few times, it probably will go through but local provider service in the offending markets will be sold.  But keep in mind they will gerrymander those geographical markets to include as many competitors as possible.  If they use many geographic market definitions, there will be less competitors and the HH index will be much higher.   What is many geographical definitions?  Don't know.   What is frequent offending markets?  Don't know.   How often does it have to happen for the overall merger to be blocked?  Don't know.
1	Well I just got off a 15 game unlucky tilt.  Now I get 10 l a win and lose 25 l a loss despite having 20 wins over loses...FML
0	Dude... just fucking do it. This is a ubiquitous 'problem' that so many people have and it's the easiest thing in the  world to fix. I know "it's not that easy, I have motivation issues and no money, blah, blah, blah" or whatever. Stop whining. Stop thinking about it. Stop making excuses for yourself. And stop pretending that you have all the time in the world to turn things around. Just fucking do the things you want to do (or do the things that will help get you to the place where you can do the things you want to do). There are many times when I want to do something and laziness or complacency makes me hesitate. But everyday I make an effort to just fucking do it. And once you actually start making moves, all that laziness really starts to dissipate and you wonder why the fuck you haven't just been doing it all along.
0	I never ship with the USPS anymore after my fiasco with them. They wound up completely trashing my custom built computer, which I had insured. When I tried to file the claim they kept giving me the runaround, saying I needed proof of its value and that bank statements weren't sufficient. Once I got proof they begrudgingly sent in my claim, which was promptly "lost" and the notification sent to me past the 30 (or 60, I forget) day claim limit.
0	Yeah it really depends how you define the awkward situation here.   Is it OP for mentioning that something sounds like a bonfire?  Not really a socially awkward penguin question (in and of itself).   Is it OP for just walking away instead of saying something like "Sorry to hear that, are you ok?  Is the damage serious?"  Kind of, but that is not the intent of the meme from OP's perspective.   Is it the coworker who said his house was on fire?  Basically, even though it's just an honest, factual statement, it created the awkward situation.   So the seal would be the most appropriate here if you identify the coworker's statement as the awkward situation.
1	this thread has just become a karma pool, insert joke,???,profit.   anyways back on topic, don't forget Iran is one of the few (unfortunately) country's that operate law based on Shariah ( might i remind u this is NOT an official law book in Islam, some retardfrogs just did.)   i'm a muslim myself and i feel ashamed of these kind of things, sure Women should be reasonably covered but what has been always told and learned to me is that this is everyone's own decision, u wont see me banning "female champs" or not looking at a women that does not wear a burka.   also, nowhere in the Quran it says this is punishable, the Quran get misrepresented alot, in a simple way i should say: Don't use the Quran to guide ur way of life. don't take quote's of the Quran out of context.   Allah is forgiving, and the most important rule in Islam is to not JUDGE, nobody has any right to JUDGE someone else for there actions, for allah is mercifull and you're judgement might be wrong, in other words ; u can't punish (as a government) for drinking alcohol, looking at women, being gay. this is all in judgement of Allah so what they are doing is wrong in the first place...   such a long post, but i just had to express myself.
0	To be honest, I had one of those paradigm shift moments playing soccer some years ago. I went to steal the ball in a defensive play, slipped, but hit the ball and the other player tripped over me. The ref proceeded to give me a yellow card and I couldn't figure it out. My whole team greeted me on the sideline and agreed, there was no way what I did was a foul, much less a yellow card... Well a week goes by and I meet my team for another game and one of the players pulls me aside. His wife had recorded the game and they watched the play that landed me the yellow card. Let's just say I deserved it, I did not hit the ball, and basically just slide tackled the other player. It wasn't just my perception, but the perception of my whole team that I was innocent, and we were all wrong.   Even though I knew that it's in our nature to justify our actions no matter how sour, I somehow thought of myself above it. Now I know I always have to exercise caution, and question even my own perception of events and my actions.
1	Hi I'm a diamond support player   I rarely/never take the health quints because they don't benefit as much as other quints/rune pages. Take a  standard support rune page   (Red: Armor, Yellow: Armor, Blue: Flat MR, Quint: GP10)  it has the armor and MR for trades and a little (3) GP10 for items. Because as support you don't get kills or cs you kind of need that GP10, but in the  standard support mastery page   1/13/16  there is 2 gp10 which is good enough when you combine with your other 2 main gp10 items (philo and sightstone) which gives you 5 gp10 and how ever many wards you place with your sightstone (each ward makes the item more worth - placing 13 wards = your money's worth) which is a lot of gp10 so if you really want the money go for it but, I personally like damage pages like Magic/armor pen pages because they work well in lane, and if you win lane you generally do better than the other team because your adc is stronger.
0	My ex-girlfriend did the same. We were in a relationship for two years and the moment I broke up with her - because I knew she was crazy - she threw herself against a wall, punched herself, gave me a bitchslap and pepper sprayed my eyes. She ended up with scratches, some marks and a blue eye. I wanted to kick her ass but she ran into to the bathroom, closed the door and silently called the police. From that moment I walked to the frontdoor, opened the door and before I knew the police kicked me on the ground (i lived next to a police station). I spended  three days in prison. After that, she stalked me for four years, police didn't do anything. Otherwise, after she called the police, telling them I stalked her, they took me out of my house and I could spent my nights again in prison. It got me traumatized. I was (and still am) scared to open the door or go outside my house and I started to use marijuana.
1	Solo and Duo Queue are just so much more common now it's easier to focus on tactics and sticking to the meta than it would be to coordinate a team-wide strategy for that game.   For example, say you wanted to have your jungler consistantly gank lane to take that tower early so you could coordinate a 15 minute baron. That strategy wouldn't fly if both your jungler and top laner weren't on the same page, or if your bottom lane decides to play aggressively and demand ganks/attention from your jungler.   It's a lot easier for people to stick to the basics like CSing, harassing, zoning, maybe even warding(!), than it would be for them to take the next logical step and work together for a common goal.
1	Lulu is currently a very unique support, in my opinion, because so much skill in player her relies on making the right choices. Three of her skills have multiple uses, and choosing one of these uses means discarding the other until the cooldown comes off.   In lane, your job is to poke and generally be annoying where possible. In an early engagement your job is to polymorph the enemy carry and eventually use glitterlance to either keep the other team from escaping or kite them and keep them off of yourself or your carry. Lulu's primary weakness as a support is her lack of sustain; however, if you max shield first (this is the route I prefer; it's also worth noting that the pix's range is almost as big as glitterlance and does the exact same amount of damage per level) you can negate a significant portion of trade damage if timed correctly (this takes a lot of practice to do consistently). Your number one priority is to make sure your carry survives, so play passive if you have to. Usual advice for passive lane supporting applies here.   Teamfights are where the decisions really start getting important, because you have several possible roles. You can play protect the carry, your shield and ult to keep the ad carry alive while polymorphing any tanky-folk who try to shut her down. You can act as a disruptor, using your ult on whoever happens to be in the middle of things and polymorphing whoever is dealing the most damage. The last role is very situational, but you can also act as a buff provider; your shield gives extra damage, polymorph gives additional speed for initiation or ap for casters, and your ult provides an aoe slow.   Essentially, your skills do the following:   Q  - Slow, either offensive or defensive   W  - Disable damage/protect squishies/buff initiator/buff ap carry   E  - Protect carry/give ad carry additional dps (can do both of these)/reveal stealth or give vision (highly situational)/provide some extra burst (usually only in lane)   R  - Save carry (bonus health)/disrupt enemy team (knockup)/buff tanky person (aoe slow)
0	That's not really how hiring works. You don't run background checks until after you've spoken to the candidate. I've done a lot of hiring at both Fortune 500 companies and small companies.   Not to mention that guy could spend a few hours and get those search results pushed a few pages back in the search results. All you need to do is have your name searchable on sites like Yelp, Twitter, Amazon, Google+, Blogger, Facebook, About.me, and so on (name searchable doesn't necessarily mean photos or details divulged). He could also buy <firstname><lastname>.com for $10 a year and eat up a lot of search real estate with that.   If he's got more financial resources than the $10 I mentioned, he could pay a company to do all of this SEO stuff for him or he could pay a lawyer to threaten whatever site is hosting his arrest details, provided it's not a government agency (which I don't think it is because those usually don't show up in search results like that).
0	intra- = internally   inter- = inbetween   ...-ish, don't take this too literally, just as a general rule of thumb   Edit: forgot single \ns are ignored by Reddit.
0	Yea, under-reaction is way worse. I was violated by my older brothers friend when i was 7-8, it took 3-4 years for it to even come to light when my parents found out about it during one of my raging anger sessions. What happened afterwards was nearly nothing.   My brother had actually "caught" us while it was happening, and never told my parents, which was one reason i never told my parents. the kid never got in trouble, my brother actually stood up for his friend, which i think hurt the most, we never had a good relationship even before then but i felt that he entirely abandoned me to stick up for a friend and the fact he kept it hidden. The way i saw it, or at least recall it, is that he failed at doing the 1 thing an older brother is supposed to do for a younger brother, and that is protect him. He didn't protect me, his own family member, he protected his friend for years instead.   and to this day my brother doesn't think the sexual encounter between me at 7-8 and his friend who was 11-12 at the time was a big deal and refuses to apologize or acknowledge any guilt over the situation. He doesn't even understand it's the reason we have no relationship.   I went on for years feeling unprotected by my family, and honestly don't consider my brother to be a part of my family anymore. We do not hang out, we do not speak, the only interaction we have is running into each other when interacting with our parents, and when they are gone i hope to never see him again.   Come to think of it, i am still really fucked up from all of that, and it's one reason i have  hard time dealing with things life throws at me and in the situation that i am currently in.
0	fusion power would completely and utterly revolutionise how our entire world works. it's as simple as:     get water   get hydrogen from water   fuse hydrogen   put heat through already existing turbines   POWER!   Repeat from step 1     It is almost infite free energy, that would massively overpower everything. Paying too much for heating? nope, cause in theory fusion power would just keep running, so net profit!
1	Maybe it's because I'm trying to play Rumble like a champion that he's not, but I don't see it. I find half the time I can only safely farm with my flamespitter on, which doesn't deal enough damage to take cs on its own, but still deals enough to make it hard to judge.   Taking cs under turret is hard too. Most of the time I've already used my flamespitter to try to shove the wave before it hits the turret and failed, so all of the CS are on wonky health bars. You can't use Q without putting ALL of the ranged minions low enough to be killed by the turret, and a rumble that's behind in levels often has that awful moment where the melee creeps need 2 autos from you to die after taking 2 turret shots.   Harpoons are nice, especially once you get a few points in them, but it's super hard to last hit anything from distance with a level 1 harpoon, even if you're in the danger zone. I honestly cannot think of anybody I've ever played who I've had a harder time last hitting with, and I've damn well near played every single champion in the game at this point. Shit, it's easier to cs with most supports in a solo lane than it is with rumble.
0	Sure thing!   Basically, it's just thinking about returns. Tom does a job that is only worth $1 per hour but his boss is being forced to pay him $2 an hour due to minimum wage laws (assuming minimum wage is $2 in this case). This leaves his employer with a choice, give Tom extra duties that he might not be suited for, or raise prices.   If he pursues option A, then he runs a risk of Tom messing something up, causing costly repairs or relations problems. Granted, he could train him, but that would cost money as well and he doesn't know yet if Tom has that kind of potential. Most employers will find this level of risk unacceptable and will pass.   Option B, then, is the easiest to implement and while it does increase for the employer's consumers, there won't usually be a large loss of revenue as people tend to accept small increases in prices (bad economy and whatnot). This is a problem for Tom too if he uses the product he's helping to produce. The extra money he should be making now goes into paying for the increased prices of the product he needs.   In either case, the problem is even worse when you take multiple people into account, not just Tom. If an employer wants to implement option A, he has to take a chance on his entire minimum-wage work force. If just Tom was a problem, how big will multiple people be? If we assume most people don't want to take a risk if they don't have to, then they'll be forced to raise prices. With these people in different industries, then prices go up in every field across board. Then all the Toms of the world lose all that extra money they should be making.   It tends to be an exercise in futility which is why people keep wanting to change the minimum wage, but unfortunately we just see prices continuously rising.   I don't like to present problems without solutions though. Mine would be to get rid of minimum wage. While this sounds extreme, please hear it out. Employers could hire whomever they want, at a fair market price meaning that literally anyone could get a job. If you get a job, you've got a chance to prove and improve yourself. This allows you to gain leverage for a better job! But CosmosFood, what about douchebag employers that refuse to pay fair market value? Screw em. Take action and get people educated. Social change is ALWAYS a stronger force than law.
0	Anyone who's spent any time in any ghetto is going to see ghetto shit.  Watch "the wild and wonderful whites of West Virginia" and tell me what makes them different from hood rats.   Some of my black family lives in projects, and some in the suburbs. Those in the projects act like whites in trailer parks. The ones in the suburbs act like whites in the suburbs. My sister is black, wealthy, and a staunch Republican (voted for Bush twice). People don't act different based on race, they act different based on socioeconomic status.
1	With Diana, as with any other champion, you need to know what you can and cannot do. As with any champion, she can be counter picked. Some ranged attack champions can make your life difficult but that is not different for lets say a Fizz or Gragas. I play her mid mostly.   Pre 6 she is not that strong, but certainly not useless. If timed correctly her E (slow) can stop many ganks or get you kills when your jungler comes to lane. Many people underestimate her W (shield) and passive too, allowing for early kills.   Post 6 you can really start harassing the enemy and make plays. Depending on how the lane is going you get Abyssal or Large Rod. Charge your passive and Q R and back off. Rinse repeat. As has been said before, you have a choice to Q R, or Q R R, or just R Q. It very much depends in the situation you are in. Only Q R R if you can get a kill with the second R. If not wait for your Q to come back up and repeat. R Q if you know you can get a kill. Often you can because your passive and your W do a lot of damage too.   In team fights you have a choice to stay behind and let someone else initiate and go for the carry after, or you can initiate yourself. When you initiate you can go in with R (depending on the situation preceded by a Q), and then W and run back out, or Zhonya, or even flash if needed. You get a lot of damage off and a great slow which allows the rest of your team to initiate.   Anyway, I have typed way more than I intended to. There are many mid lane guides that have useful tips out there.   I sometimes play her in the jungle too. Her clear times are one of the fastest around thanks to her aoe damage and her R post 6. The new jungle item gives her a lot of sustain and allows her to gain gold quickly even if she is behind.   There are also many item builds and paths to chose from. So depending on how the game is going you can itemize very effectively. She can be very tanky or more glass cannon.   Granted I am by no means a Challenger player (Gold I S3, 750+ ranked games on her), but I really think Diana is in a good place. If the benchmark is the number of plays a champion gets in Diamond and Challenger or the win rate, then 75% of the champions should be reworked.
1	There was a feature I quite liked about a game which is dead now (so it obviously made mistakes) to help deal with some of these problems. They still had high IP costs and low gains, BUT after completing the tutorial they gave you two "free champion" passes. And the pool was quite small, so in LoL this would be closer to 10 passes. This game also lets you play ANY champion in bot games, so you can try out their kit, and get the ones you like for free.
0	A good guy trucker almost killed my wife. I was on the shoulder in a traffic jam trying to get her to the hospital and was boxed it by truckers not letting me pass. So without an ambulance she would have died. It almost didn't get through either.
1	IIRC there were only 3 matches that crashed. WE was ahead in the initial Game 2 (which is why many say WE should've been the rightful winner because they could've won the Bo3 right there). Then in the initial Game 3 CLG was about to win when it crashed (no doubt there, the nexus was basically open to them). In the remake of Game 3 that crashed at around 20mins no one had a clear lead imo, it could've gone both ways.   So even if you split up the games in 3 Bo3 and count all games in favor of the team that had the lead during the game, it would've been:   WE - CLG.EU: 2-0 (Game 1 + Aborted Game 2)   WE - CLG.EU: 0-2 (Remake Game 2 + Aborted Game 3)   WE - CLG.EU: 1-2 (Postponed Bo3)   I didn't count the last of remake of Game 3, because a) no clear lead and b) it doesn't fit into the other Bo3's.   So
1	Yes, they had more money and also made the game years after them, that natrually makes it look better and smoother in a way.(in  a way they had some luxuries that riot didn't at the time)   When I playd dota2  in beta, my mind was blown I liked a  lot of things and wished lol had them(having competition is amazing!): brilliant graphics, all those flashy op skills, I loved the fact that I can just go make a custom game, enter codes and level up, get money insantly,etc, it made discovering the game so much fun, watching games,choosing shoutcasters,champions are free and no runes to buy,  also the queue confirmation, which we now have something  similar to in lol.   However,  I'd  say most of the things we are demanding or want, are things riot are aware of and lots  have been in the works. The graphics for instance  and the interface have improved over the past  couple of years(though they did mention that there are things that can't be there yet, so that people with lower-end computers can still play the game), lots of work on VU's and remakes for nearly every champion in existence are on the way.   Now the real issue is, in order to implement some of the stuff, riot has to fix some deep shit that they made(they mentioned that before). Every step forward for a while now seem to include some fixing of  some shit, that wasn't so great a decision: dirty programming, mechanics that are broken in essence, etc.   There are also priorities, you have limited resources so some stuff can't be made, because the game experience as a whole is better off with your resources focused on more important stuff.(something like a whole new client, has been mentioned as an example of something that's not gonna happen any time soon as it doesn't add much) They are learning though, they seem to be making things in a way that allows future tweaking in a sense.
0	Everyone's situation is a little different, but that doesn't make it terrible advice. From personal experience, My parents were split on the idea of medication, and the parent against it won out. I'm very thankful for that because it helped me learn to function moderately without it, and now I have the ability to choose whether or not I want/need it.
1	Meteos Breakfast menu before worlds:  2 carrots, 1 lettuce and a piece of apple.   Meteos breakfast menu after worlds: 3 steaks, raw duck and a piece of human toe.   that's the
0	Ok I'm  reeeeaaallly  scared to post this as I selfishly don't want to create a run on the product - but I finally found THE GREATEST AND MOST EFFECTIVE deodorant ever created. And it's so natural you could eat it.   I recently reviewed it on Amazon. It's called  Funk Butter   *Long review folks - but worth your time to read and get the most out of this INCREDIBLE product.   I'm a food and health coach among other things, and am always looking for great products for myself, and my clients. Personally, my underarms have been a nuisance my entire life. Before I understood about using natural products - I went as far as using highly toxic prescription deodorants/antiperspirants - and even then the sweat and odor would just burst through. I realized I may as well learn to live with it.   So, I stopped using antiperspirants and just focused on deodorants. Years later I learned about natural deodorants and went down that road. I had been using potassium alum salt crystals and sprays thinking they were the most natural. They seemed to work at least as well as all other natural deodorants I had tried - which was painfully average at best.  I always had a slight odor and by end of day my shirts always smelled. Sucked - but just wasn't going to use chemicals.   Then despite the potassium alum crystal companies claiming the aluminum molecules are "too big" to enter the bloodstream through the pores - something in me just didn't believe it. So I went on the hunt again. Tried many many new ones and they were all terrible - never lasting more than a few hours, leaving waxy residues on my clothes, and leaving me with my hands in the air.   Then - it all changed. Enter FUNK BUTTER.  At first, it's strange. And it asks you apply it with your fingers instead of an easy spray or deodorant stick. Since I'm always thinking 'would my friends and clients like this?,' I figured this step would be too much for most folks and was skeptical at best. Me? I'm always down to try new things - so I gave it a shot, as did my roommate and fellow food coaching partner in the business.   It sort of has the texture of a dry-ish paste. You use just a half a pea's worth of product - scoop out with your fingertips and spread evenly under your arm. It has mildly abrasive ingredients like baking soda - and I had read some folks experienced mild irritation - so I spread on lightly and with caution - as did my biz partner.   During that day, we marveled how neither of us smelled at all. We are so used to normal deodorants (natural or chemical) wearing off after a few hours - and it dawned on us that we could smell nary a scent (we both started off using the unscented Funk Butter - but have since used both the black cedar fig and coco-mango ones as well and all are equally excellent). Hours and hours more went by - and we not only kept smelling our own underarms - we kept making each other smell the other's pits to see if we were crazy - or if there actually was NO SMELL at all! And there wasn't!! We're very active folks - and after a 14 hour work day - plus another 6 hours up - our underarms had absolutely NO ODOR at all. I have NEVER experienced that in my life with ANY product natural or chemical.   The next two days same thing. We were ready to call all of our clients and friends and let them know about this fantastic product! But then - we both got rashes under our arms. (Keep reading folks this problem is eventually solved big time!) And since the product is mildly abrasive - rubbing more on only irritated it worse. We were SO BUMMED.  We both were so amazed at how well it worked we were willing to keep using it and powering through the rash - but we figured we'd now not be able to recommend to anyone else. We'll personally take a rash to not smell all day - and we are hell-bent on using 100% natural products - but we knew most would never go for that.   We read some reviews where folks recommended using a mild coat of coconut oil under the arms before using Funk Butter to help ease irritation - and this worked! But only temporarily and we noticed the rash would come and go - and if you were ever in a hurry and didn't use the coconut oil - back came the rash.   We were so impressed with this product, we were willing to do anything to try and solve this problem. And then, we figured it out! By simply adding a few drops of water from your sink to the paste  on your fingertips and rubbing it together to make the paste very thin and watery (but not dripping), it not only spreads on soooo much better and easier - it completely eliminates all irritation!!! We were concerned perhaps this would lessen the effectiveness of the product but not at all! Still lasts all day and night. Seriously! ALL DAY AND NIGHT.   Now, back to my sweating issue. As I said, not even the strongest prescription deodorants could help me. I once filmed a game show and in the middle of taping they had to stop shooting, and asked two assistants to take a blow dryer to my armpits in front of a live studio audience of 300 people. Oh yeah - that happened.   Because Funk Butter has ingredients that absorb and seemingly wick moisture - my sweating has been reduced by at least 50-75%!!! Whaaaat? They don't even advertise it as an antiperspirant!  I can't say it stops it 100%, but honestly has there ever been a deodorant or antiperspirant that does? They may advertise as such - but we all know it's BS. And many times, I've seen Funk Butter stop my sweating altogether. I think the more I use it the better it works.   And even on days where I'm exercising or sweating buckets - after I have completely drenched a shirt - there is still NO SMELL AT ALL!!! It's an absolute miracle I simply can't believe it.   Also leaves NO STAINS on my clothes -- which has always been an issue with all other deodorants.   For days my biz partner and I would ask folks to smell our pits (weird I know - but this is what we go through before ever recommending a product to a friend or client) - and every time the answer was a resounding NO.   We've now been using for months, and have been recommending Funk Butter to everyone. Here's what an ex-girlfriend I recommended it to just texted me: "I just got that Funk Butter! S*** that stuff is aaahhhhmmmaaaazzzziiiinnngggg!!!" (I copied that text letter for letter by the way :-)   And seriously folks? It is just that. Amazing. Quite simply the best and most effective deodorant I've ever used in my entire life, natural or chemical. And everyone we recommend it to says the same thing.   But they all have a good experience because we warn them to use as we directed them - mixing the half-pea sized amount for each pit with a few drops of water to turn into a watery thin paste (keep rubbing around your fingertips until there are no clumps) and then spread evenly under your arms.   To the amazing owners and creators of this game-changing product - pleeease put this in your instructions...I promise you it will take your product to the next level. It eliminates the rash issue, and spreads on and works so much better. And it's easier than rubbing coconut oil on first.   I just spent an hour of my morning to write this review because the creators deserve it, and you folks reading at home deserve to have quite simply the best deodorant I and all I recommend it to have ever used in our collective lives. Thank you so much to the creators for this life changing product. Try it folks - you won't be sorry I can promise you that.*
0	Also, nurses are not trained to deal with infection from these classifications. They are not supposed to be dealing with them in the first place. There are specially trained nurses and doctors to deal with such cases, and they are trained with the proper gear and protocols.   However if the need for individuals is severe enough, strategically selected hospitals and personals are quarantined and provided with the proper equipment + a refresher on the protocols they should already know. As need grows, experienced individuals take shifts preparing medical professionals not specifically trained for these situations to fill in for primary staff.
0	Can we see how many pictures of white people making that face we can get? I feel like that kind of emoted skepticism can only come from hundreds of years of futile toil.
0	Let me tell you why that's bullshit! (I'm not some PETA nut, I just happen to be waaay too coincidentally relevant to this submission and saw it on the front page...)   As a teenager I used to sell tails, mostly fox tails. Not  butt plugs , mind, but I certainly was aware that's what some people turned them into.   Anyway I got out of it, but at the time I knew my damn business. I could identify what kind, breed, color, species the tail came from if I saw just a photo. I knew my shit.   and  let me tell you - if I had a dollar every time I saw some halfwit selling an "ethically sourced" tail that I could identify as  probably not , I wouldn't have had to sell tails at all. "Ethically sourced" means bullshit unless both the customer and the seller have the exact same definition. Unless they go into specifics it basically means nothing, and even if they do go into specifics, a good half of them I could tell just by looking at the dang thing that they were either     Knowingly lying, or   Had been fooled by whoever sold it to them to begin with.     Some of these sellers were starry-eyed teenage girls who claimed to be themselves vegetarians or whatever, and they would be selling a fox skin from a "roadkilled fox". No way in hell is someone finding a grade-A, rare fur-farm color fox just dead in perfect condition by the side of the road. It got to a point where everyone wanted to say their furs came from animals that just happened to coincidentally die. It doesn't work like that.
1	Which, ofcourse, should be lee sin.   Lee sin would be the most logical considering he fits all requirements, is a champion who can be played in a variety of roles, and consistently ranks 1 on the most favored champion played.
1	welp. he does have a point, but he also misses the main fact.   he is a smurf.   in low levels, players have enough trouble controlling their champs, no need to worry about CSing or warding.   when i started playing league, there was no meta.  everybody did whatever they wanted, you win some you lose some.  i didnt learn to CS because i played morgana.  i didnt learn to ward because well, no jungler on either team.   does all that mean, i will never be good at the game? no.  i can CS now, i ward, i know the meta and how to go beyond it.   if you cannot expect your players to learn the fundamentals of the game by themselves without breastfeeding them knowledge everywhere, what is the point of it all?
0	You should go over to Pubmed and read some empirical studies about money and personality. Earning more than your peers turns people into assholes.   So if you brag about cash, it's pretty a safe bet that you're an asshole even if you started out a normal guy.   Also the structure of our society is what's messed up, bud. Not whiners. People whine the exact same amount that they've always whined, and WILL always whine, no matter what their lives are like. It's human nature.   What you need to look at, however, is whether those whines are caused by things in need of legitimate change.
0	After posting a bunch of comments here, I decided to write this simple guide on DRC. Warning: Wall of text ahead.   What is dynamic range compression?     Dynamic range compression (DRC) is used to reduce the dynamic range of audio. This reduces the volume of louder sounds and increases the volume of quieter sounds to reduce the dynamic range. More info can be seen on the [Wikipedia page]( The different parameters for DRC are explained on [How-To Geek](   Why is DRC needed?     Most movie soundtracks are mixed for a large dynamic range in a big theater. Most home theaters have smaller speakers and are in smaller rooms, which results in a non-optimal acoustic setup. This can cause the dialogue of a movie to be difficult to hear and the explosions to shake your floor.   Software Support     XBMC     While you are playing a video, bring up the [OSD and select the audio menu](   In the audio menu, look for the setting ["Volume Amplification"]( - this adjusts how much the dynamic range of the audio is compressed     VLC     In VLC's menu bar, go to Tools > Effects and Filters, select the Audio Effects tab, then select [the Compressor tab](   Take a look at the comments from [this]( /r/LifeProTips post on what these values do, and how to change them   The How-To Geek link at the top of the page also has a good explanation of the different parameters for DRC     MPC-HC / MPC-BE   If you are using ReClock as your audio renderer (highly recommended):     When you are playing a video, go to the menu bar and select Play > Filters > ReClock Audio Renderer   Check the ["Enable sound compressor" box]( and select how strong you want the compressor to be   You may want to experiment with this option on movies with a high amount of dynamic range to find what works best for your setup     If you are using AC3Filter as your audio renderer:     Run the AC3Filter Config application (should've been installed with AC3Filter, located in Start menu)   Follow [this guide]( on the AC3Filter wiki to configure DRC     System-Wide (Windows 7 or higher)     Right click the volume icon in the system tray and select Playback Devices   Right click the device you use for audio output and select [Properties]( then go under Enhancements   Check the ["Loudness Equalization" box]( and make sure that the "Disable all enhancements" box isn't checked   You may want to edit the  Loudness Equalization Settings     Hardware Support     The Blu-ray spec supports three types of audio codecs: DTS (and its lossless counterpart, DTS-HD Master Audio), Dolby Digital (and its lossless counterpart, Dolby TrueHD), and LPCM (lossless, but uncompressed).   Most Blu-rays today use either DTS-HD MA (with a DTS core for backwards-compatibility) or Dolby TrueHD (with a Dolby Digital core for backwards-compatibility) because they can provide the lossless audio of LPCM while taking up much less space on a disc.   DTS recommends that studios disable any DRC when encoding a DTS/DTS-HD MA audio stream to preserve the full dynamic range of the audio. Also, DTS lacks any kind of metadata to store the DRC settings.   On the other hand, Dolby recommends that studios use DRC when encoding a Dolby TrueHD or Dolby Digital audio stream. However, this is stored as metadata (think of tags in an MP3 file). Some decoders in receivers/TVs/Blu-ray players always use this metadata, but there are some that ignore it or need it to be manually enabled.   If you have a surround sound setup, I would recommend first calibrating it properly. You might need to edit the levels for each of your speakers (see  here .   If you cannot do this or it doesn't help, check if your receiver or TV has a compressor option. Most newer receivers/TVs call this "Night Mode." Note that on some receivers, "Night Mode" only works for TrueHD/Dolby Digital audio streams with the DRC metadata.   If your system lacks a compressor or "Night Mode," and you cannot use the software solutions for whatever reasons, you may want to consider purchasing a new receiver or a dedicated compressor device.
1	Although it's not completely analogous, it's like an author responding to a review (good or bad) of their book. The op-ed is fine, but responding on reddit is not.   the
0	My two cents-I worked in retail for 6 years and currently work in a very large call center and have for 3 years.   The call center is much worse, much much worse.  The only reason I'm there is that the money is better.  When you work in retail, people get mad, but generally after a small bit they remember they're out in public and they calm the fuck down.  If they don't calm down they're usually escorted off the premises and depending on their reaction, might not be allowed to enter the store again.  While working in retail I think I've only had like 5 people ever get that angry that they had to be kicked out of the store.   The call center is completely different. People, generally calling from the safety of their own home, will tear you a new asshole on a daily basis.  People will rant about everything under the sun.  They rant about the government, their spouse, their lives, medical history, debt, failures at life and the list goes on.  I have had death threats while working here, I have had to file a report against someone who threatened the police and quite a few cases of talking people down from suicide.  *
0	It doesn't help that all my go-to forms of entertainment require Internet. "Internet's not working, better check Reddit just in case. Nope, okay, PC games it is. I wonder if Steam has any good sale- dammit. Urgh, Xbox One? Nope, all the best stuff is online. Can't even rely on my phone, data usage is close to the limit for this month. Crap.".   Eventually I end up using an intricate system of mini-usb cables, multi-USB cables, USB speakers and back up phone batteries to play emulated N64 (sticking true to the nerd I am I also have USB N64 controllers I can plug in) or watch movies on my phone.
0	I, in particular, respect and adhere to the utilitarian ethical system.   In a very simplified way, this system asserts that the morality or immorality of a course of action can be defined by the sum of pleasure/suffering (the smallest possible surmountable which derives from it.   So, when confronting the sums of aborting or giving birth to a severely disabled child, many philosophers from this school believe that the former is the most moral option, as it reduces the suffering towards:     the disabled person (even if the fetus is considered a person, it's death is practically painless);     the family (which won't have to go through enormous amounts of efforts to tend for the disabled); and     the community in general (as the funds used to sustain medical support can be invested more efficiently towards raising happiness/preventing suffering elsewhere).       This usually can only be applied towards really severe conditions, as in milder ones, less efforts are spent and more pleasure can be derived from the disabled person's existence, changing the balance between pleasure and suffering. This means that this train of thought cannot be used as an argument towards exterminating/genetically cleansing handicapped people.   Although I don't agree with all of his arguments, my favorite utilitarian philosopher is Peter Singer. More information on his thoughts on this matter can be found in this very informative and comprehensible [article]( which I recommend for anyone interested in the morality of aborting troubled pregnancies.
0	I had a very similar thing happen to me. I went to interview at a competing restaurant in a different district in DC as I was not happy with how things were going at mine. Turns out, the GM at the restaurant I went to/the woman who interviewed me happened to be long time friends with the GM of my restaurant. I heard through the grapevine that boss lady at new place spoke to boss lady at my place and was explicitly told not to hire me for "going behind their back."
0	As part of my 2013 weightloss regime, I was walking home from college which was a good 4 miles. It was getting dark because of Winter nights.   I was walking a long a road going through a village, about 300 meters to the right of that road there is a paralell road with houses on it, it's sort of down a hill so you can see over the tops of the houses.   I saw an orange glow in clouds, it was a reflection from a massive fire along those houses, the houses were more like small-holdings than what you'd picture and they were spaced out.   I climbed on top of a little wall to get a better view, My friend and I thought we could see windows and that it was a house in a blaze. We were running to get a better view to see what it was. I was mentally preparing myself for heroics,  although that seems arrogant, I have no other way of describing it, it's a very weird feeling. A mixture between cold-calculations, risk-assessment and adrenaline .   When we got a better look it was a farmer burning a whole heap of stuff. It just happened to resemble a house, (yes it was that big).   I carried on walking and although I was glad nobody was hurt or in-danger, I got a bit disappointed that I couldn't be the hero. Does this make me a dick? I have no idea. But I am being honest.
1	Every top laner looks like shit when on CLG. Seraph is having the same damn thing happen to him that happened to Nien that happened to Voyboy. CLG basically sacrifices their top laner every single damn game in order to try to get Doublelift ahead.   Top laner winning match? Better lane swap so Double can farm. Top laner losing? Let's just lane swap anyways, even though the top is down 2 levels and has no gold as more gets fed into Doublelift.   Notice the top lane play on other teams like C9 or LMQ. They don't completely forsake their top lane. The top laner still gets placed in advantageous situations, still gets solid pressure, and still is allowed gold throughout the game. There have been countless CLG games where their top laner or even Link would be right next to a damn minion wave and you would see a billion pings go off on the wave for them to back off so Doublelift could get the wave, even though he was just leaving base.   CLG need to actually focus on having a balanced comp instead of falling back to feed Doublelift every single damn game. They were doing their best at the start of the season when they were actually balancing things better and treating each role as important. Then when they hit a slump, they fell right back into old habits which arguably never worked because Doublelift, despite having solid mechanics, has a tendency to play super reckless and get his ass killed, wasting that gold. How much did feeding all of those resources to him do during the CRS series when he basically stealthed into the middle of the fights and got blown up in 2 seconds?   I'm not trying to blame Doubelift here but their constant fallback strategy of sacrificing everything to Double has proven unreliable at best and doesn't stops working when the guy wants to go full ham all the time and play reckless. Double gets a ton of love from the community but imo, Sneaky is the best ADC in NA because he DOESN'T take unnecessary risks. The guy is a beast of an ADC even with less gold and always manages to find a way to carry. He knows when to play passive and when to turn it on.
0	Ive worked with some amish men who are great guys. Hard working kind people. But i also have been to some amish parties. I was talking to a guy a work today that used to be amish. He was telling me his parents used to be alcoholics and leave the kids in the van that they got drove around (they hire people to drive them) and to duck when they saw a car.
0	Ok.  So, while I totally get this, I think it's pretty unhealthy for women (and men) to react this way, both for themselves and for the partners involved.  Sometimes things don't work the way you want them to - guys get anxious, or drink too much, or think that morning wood is actually useful (for many men it's very difficult to cum if you're starting with morning wood), women get anxious, aren't in a good spot in their hormonal cycle (which does affect sexy times for some folks), etc etc.  If you blame your partner's lack of orgasm on 'not being attractive enough' you are misunderstanding a whole lot, creating negativity for yourself, and putting a ton of pressure on your partner, which oftentimes will only make things worse.   Communication and confidence are key here - if your partner is enjoying what you're doing, it's not you.  So communicate with them and ask what they want, but don't take it personally if they can't cum.  Sure, trying different things can help, but maybe he's too anxious now that it's taken 'so long', and your desperate attempt to switch positions or activities will only be distracting.  If you're unclear on where you are in that process,   ask them  .
1	Ah Aatrox. I "mained" him before I was level 30. Here's the thing - you have to be on point with your stance. When I say on point I mean ON POINT. The right or wrong toggle of your W will determine how a fight goes.   So there's that. Then there's a distinct lack of mobility. Furthermore, (much like other early game fighters that transition into tanks) he gets kited to all hell late game. AND he doesn't even end up being THAT tanky.
0	I worked at 711 on a Very main street on long island. At first when I worked there I tried to be a good employee and use my breaks sparingly but after a certain point I just didn't care anymore. I had the 3-11 shift 5 days a week, (NOT BY REQUEST) I started working there again just for 3 days a week.      I didn't mind at first because I understood that one girl who was working full time (poorly) and two people were taking consecutive vacations so I didn't complain. But after those vacations were done I still had 5 days on the schedule, constantly told them I didn't want 5 days I only wanted part-time but they kept me on 5 days 3-11 for 3 months after all those vacations.            There was a situation around Christmas where I asked for christmas eve off weeks in advance. I put my name in the schedule book for that day, talked to my manager, did everything right but still wasn't getting any confirmation.              So I finally talked to my boss about it practically begging her for christmas eve off and even told her I'd work Christmas morning so long as I got christmas eve night.   What was her response? "Oh mayra is doing something with her family because (in a whisper) it's like a spanish tradition to celebrate on christmas eve instead of christmas day"   are you fucking kidding me? my family does the same thing and I'm not spanish, I tell her that and she gives me the "I'll see what I can do" thing   they don't put the official schedules up till friday, christmas was on sunday. These fuckers had me on the schedule christmas eve 3-11 and Christmas DAY 7-3. I don't show up on christmas eve cause, well, fuck them right? But I go in Christmas day at 7 am anyway but my manager tells me that my boss wanted me to be sent home and not work Christmas. later found out she wanted to fire me over this. she didn't.   So finally they hire two more people to replace the first girl, fired another one soon after, hired two more after that and the whole time I'm fighting with them to drop my hours from 5 days a week to 3.  they never gave it to me.   told them i was going to college full time still wouldn't drop me hours. so finally after a year and a half i quit, that piece of shit 8.50 and hour job.
1	I honestly dont think Janna destroys her. Hmm actually if were talking competitive play maybe. But if you have varus and leona in lane, Janna is way to squishy at level 2 to stand up to an all in. Usually I can land my eq combo with varus quick enough to kill her or force her out before her adc can even get off her 2nd auto. Post 6 is a bit trickier ill admit, but either way were talking about more entertaining the LCS. I think Janna and Leona would be much more entertaining in the LCS.
1	Civil discourse? In this subreddit?! More likely than I thought.   My comment was made with complete reference to solo que. Solo que and premades are completely different beasts and the way I play in solo is not the way I play in premades. Dyrus explains it best when he says "Solo que is retarded, and you can't depend on your team."   In a premade, if we are on mumble, and someone asks me to come help them top (1 v 2 situation), then I will go as soon as possible (not sit at wolves and finish killing them while we lose a tower - that is stupid).   Why would I do this for premades, but not solo que? Because we can actually coordinate effectively and get something out of it, whether it be relieving pressure, blowing summoners, forcing a bluepill or even netting a kill. In solo que, if the person who is soloing against two people is failing (zoned out, heavy harass, under farmed/leveled) then charging  into lane to gank can backfire pretty quickly.   Of course everything is this game is situational. If their top lane consists of 2 champs with 0 sustain, then it may be worth it to try to force a bluepill. But the way things are now, most champs (or at least champs who are played often) can sit in lane for a while.   I'm sick of hearing that the 1 v 2 lane top failed because they didn't get any ganks. If there is a lot of pressure top, and the enemy laners are feeling in control, it will be difficult to do anything effective in that lane. If you attempt a gank, and fail, but still live you end up behind in farm and experience. (Sure maybe you got 60xp from a creep dying while you were scrambling around, but it wouldn't be worth missing the wolf camp or mini golems.)   Again, my comment was made in light of my solo que experiences. I'm only ~1200-1300 so not having an enemy jungler is common. The top lane gets pressed hard, but many times our mid or bot is playing well. The faster they win their lane, the faster pressure can be relieved from top.   Now, as to your specific points:   1a. I kind of take things for granted sometimes with this game (wards your lane, look at the mini map, etc) so I didn't mention that the 1 v 2 lane should have someone who can farm, and actually out-level his opponents. My comment was made envisioning a lvl 4 Ashe against 2 enemies who are both a level or two above him.   1b. Babysitting the lane, and thereby earning gold and XP is different than coming in for a gank. Generally, I don't have a problem with babysitting the lane, however my time should optimally be spent ganking, counter jungling, or getting dragon. But, if it is necessary, then I don't mind watching the lane especially if it means you will be coming back stronger. However, if your champ has the ability to push the lane, then you should kill the creep wave fast, push it then come back. I know, with 2 on the other side this isn't always possible, so babysitting is a valid option.     Maybe a double buffed jungler can zone out the enemy. Maybe he makes an attractive target. As for farming, if the enemy is doing their job right (or your team mate isn't very good - i.e. autoattacks in lane) your teammate will need the farm more than you do.     A solo opponent has the experience advantage many times, but good opponents (or decent ones anyway) will keep him zoned (or dead) enough that he will either be the same level as them, or in a worse case scenario, a lower level. I've solo'd against 2 many times, and generally I hold my own or if I'm playing someone like Malzahar I can net a kill. However, the likely hood of winning mid or bot is better if a jungler ganks them.     Taking a jungler out of the jungle because one of your lanes is failing is a desperate strategy imo. You now lose control of your buffs, and Dragon. Yes, I know if the enemy didn't have a jungler then it's a wash, but you always want the advantage.       When your jungler ends up laning with your top lane, you now have to leave it to the devices of your teammates to win their lanes individually. If you have to join a lane then chances are your lane mate isn't the best player, so it is possible you won't be able to win your lane unless the enemy team is also bad, but less bad than your teammate. (This is a distinct possibility at my Elo, so I won't completely dismiss this argument.)   Also, this game is pretty fast paced if played correctly (disclaimer: from watching the streams). If you are getting pressured top, and need help and you ask your jungler, know that if your jungler is all the way on bottom lane, it will take him a while to get to you even if he runs straight away. The enemy could end up killing you before any relief comes, and depending on level and equipment advantage, you will die pretty fast.
1	It's a really good idea. As far as I can tell the Movement Speed that is stolen actually scales from your own base movement speed, so you wouldn't even need the enemy champion to be moving fast. This effectively gives you a 25% multiplicative bonus. However you instantly lose homeguard when you activate it as it deals damage as well. Unfortunately in this instance a 25% multiplicative bonus is not as strong as a 200% additive bonus.
1	I guess this can improve your mechanics which is useful BUT you should always remember that you can get to D1 with bad mechanics. I have a 80% last hit accuracy on a lane alone (I get 80 of the first 100 creeps) and I'm still D1.  Of course I can't get to challenger with my actual mechanical level (my top rating is 72 LP) and that's what I am working on but I still made it this far with my game knowledge and experience.   On my plat smurf I can outplay most of my enemies while they have better mechanics than me, just because I know the tricks (when to engage, bush jukes...)
0	At the start, I'd just like to say that the following is meant to educate on how to STOP bothersome calls at home.  Downvoting me will just hide the information from people who might find it helpful.   I've worked as a former phone worker for multiple call centers, both inbound and outbound.  I started from back in the day when it was cold-calls using a phone book and a push button land line that each rep had to dial themselves and continued until about 5 years ago when I was one among thousands who were the headset-wearing mouthpieces for a sophisticated and highly market researched computer and autodial system backed by well-paid legal departments who have found so many loopholes in the "do not call" statutes that they can lead you through blindfolded.   With that in mind,  I can tell you that most of the time if we don't get the required reply, we just put you back on the list and you get another call a few days later.   If recorded, quality control obtusely interprets "thank you very much" as meaning "thank you very much for calling, I'd LOVE to partake... oh, my cell phone dropped the call... oh well, I'm sure they'll call back."  If you're rude, you definitely get put back on the list because, even if there's a 100% chance of you blowing up again when re-called, there's only a small chance that the original caller will be the one to deal with you and the new person will not feel bad because they weren't the one who put you back on the list.  Result of new blow up?  The new caller considers you rude for yelling at them without warrant and back you go on the list.   Best option?  Take 60 seconds to be polite, let them give you enough spiel to satisfy their contact requirements (if you refuse something that hasn't been fully explained, it's considered an "uninformed refusal" and you just go back on the list... if not right away, at least a few months later), give an unequivocal "no, thank you" (don't try to argue why whatever you're offered is not for you... objections are considered questions in statement form... e.g. an objection such as "I already have another company that does that for me" will be treated as "explain to me why you'll do a better job than my current company"), don't answer questions about your reasoning, kindly asked to be marked as contacted/refused and removed from the call list, wish the caller good luck and you can then hang up and get on with your life without fear of repeat calls.  That is, until you do something stupid again like put your phone number on a product registration or website form.   Oh, and dont' get mad if they don't end the call right away.  Most companies, in order to make sure their reps are doing their best to push whatever the subject matter is, will require a rep to get three clear, distinct no's before they can end the call.  An objection is not a no.  Neither is an "I don't think so."  Simply, "No thank you... No, thank you.... No, I'm not interested, thank you.  Please mark me as contacted and not interested and remove me from the list.  Thank you.  Good luck." will save you dozens of calls.  Convincing a call rep for a large call center to pull you off the big list can end calls not only for this subject, but also for calls about other businesses that the call center also has contracts with.  Polite, friendly rapport = request granted.  Surly, "fuck you... stop calling me!" = talk to you next week.
1	I skipped Bronze, got placed directly into Silver 2. I just got promoted to Gold 5 (oh god, HELP ME!). The trick to getting through the upper part of Silver, is to be calm.   Expect people to do crazy stuff. Every Silver 2 and 1 player thinks they're Diamond material, so they try to make sick plays 24/7. Sometimes they work, sometimes they don't.   You  have to be the deciding factor. When your team tries to make sick plays, do everything that's in your power to make sure they get out of it alive. As Nasus, Wither and a Q to the face is usually enough to scare the enemy away or just flat out kill them.   Good thing about upper Silver, is that people usually pay attention to pings and chat (only short messages though. No long words either, but stay understandable). Use this to your advantage. When people start to get ahead and snowball, they tend to get very aggressive and reckless. Use pings and chat to keep your team grouped up, and spam that retreat-ping when they overextend in a bad position.
1	Wooooooosh  Zileas and Morello, both Rioters, are joking with each other. Not sure what set you off but you clearly didn't read into the thread and just saw these comments. You went on a tangent over how horrible somebody is based off false information. For that, the guy is saying "poor you" for it going completely over your head because all it did was make you look foolish.
0	Being hit by my parents did NOT make me respect them. Not at all. In fact, it made me resent them and view them as enemies. It made me not trust adults and plan ahead on what I can do to avoid other people lashing out at me violently. It also gave me huge authority issues which keep me from doing anything from having a job to being told to do simple chores around the house without getting pissed off.   I do not respect anybody for being more powerful than me. It just makes me resent them and try to find ways to get to them to try to assert that they can't have a willing slave if they're going to use fear to get it.
1	I never really j understood why one champ can be "OP" on week and then a month later after one small change to their scaling or whatever. They are suddenly not viable and shit. Seriously? Who makes the descion on if they are still viable or not? Have you even tried the champion post nerf or are you just going with the crowd? I personally have never really listened to the "champion viable/not viable" meta. That may be why I was never good in ranked. But I have to say when caitlyn was nerfed last year and was considered not very good. I still played her and never missed a beat. I didn't even notice she got nerfed until my friend tried to tell me she was shit at the time.
0	So, /u/cbessemer, what did you do last night." "Spent hours reading
0	I have no sympathy for drug abusers.   There are certain decisions people need to make in life.   We as a society like to look at these people who are addicted to drugs as some sort of victims, but they made a choice the very first time they shot up - so why should we sympathize?   INB4 "How would you know what it's like if you haven't done it asshole?!"   I don't know what it's like, and I'm never going to do it - so I'll judge as much as I want for you fucking up your own life.
0	That's a fair request.   >Do you hate the poor in Africa? What about China?   This is a derailment of the topic.  Based on comments/actions made by the right  about the poor , /u/iced327 asserted that the right hates the poor.  /u/Megamedic has jumped to the idea that /u/iced327 must hate the poor in Africa/China on the notion that he is not giving them his money.  But this isn't a fair correlation, because /u/iced327 never complained about the poor in Africa/China.  If he had, that would have been a fair point for /u/Megamedic to make because it would have been parallel to Republicans complaining about the poor in the US.   >Why aren't you giving them all your money then?   This is a straw man.  No one is asking anyone to give anyone else  all  their money.   >Why are you sitting with this expensive computer if those resouces could save countless children from starving? Every starving child in the world makes you a murderer since you didn't help.   This is a red herring and more derailment.  We've gone from wanting the poor to be able to receive financial aid to being called murderers for using computers.  And this continued exaggeration is based on the premise that the left complain about poor people in other countries but refuse to help them.   >Maybe people of other viewpoints than yours aren't evil   /u/iced327 never said they were.   >just believe there are different ways of helping the poor rather than steal everyone elses money and using it in an inefficient public sector.   "Steal" is an intentionally manipulative word to use, but that aside, /u/Megamedic doesn't offer any alternative solutions, just maintains that they exist.   >In a free economy, wages are set by markets, not politicians.   In a truly free economy, slave labor would be status quo.  Wages have been set by politicians since 1938, because corporations cannot be trusted to govern themselves when it comes to fair wages (and so many other things as well).   >The minimum wage only destroys job for the most unskilled workers.   This has been categorically disproven, but is a favorite ghost story of both Republicans and Libertarians.  There is a lot of information out there about it if you don't believe me, but three seconds of googling came up with a couple of articles you could start with.  [Berkley research](  and [Economic Policy Institute research](
1	Whats good:   Getting a micro picture of how each game played out through the timeline feature was both a great idea and well-executed.   Its was fun getting lost in my old games trying to see what the "story of the game" was and how my actions affected it's course.   It is also an ideal way of visualizing the game as a coach or analyst trying to show players how the game flows.   Whats needed:   At first, before I clicked on an individual game, I was getting ready to be disappointed.   While the micro-story is rich, the macro view of one's individual play is missing. I was expecting lolking-esque charts of my performance with each champion, the way that it is already done for ranked in-client.   There is much deeper macro territory to tread still. You can have a comparison of most played champs vs highest win rate champs. Item builds that tend to win or lose you games. Do you tend to win games where you get a lot of kills or a lot of cs? With so many possibilities, its too bad they didn't have even one.   edit:
0	Although mostly true this doesn't mean that you can claim 99 and put the money in a savings account until it's due.   You are correct. I'm not sure where you dug this tangent up from, but I don't remember asserting that at all. (
1	If every E hits a poisoned target, you're hitting 2 Es roughly every 1 second, not considering travel time, etc. so 2 x 10 = 20. But realistically you're not gonna hit that many ES unless you're scripting. So assuming you hit 15 Es at max rank, you're still using 1350 mana in 10 seconds if you're not getting kills. Throw in the use of your ult and a couple of Qs and Ws, and you pretty much HAVE to build a lot of mana, because in a sustained fight you'll be oom and useless pretty fast. I probably wouldn't build liandies on her till much later.   Time will tell if her passive will counteract that and forgive her for building mana over AP.   The double doran will probably no longer be a start on her, and she'll prob rush either tear or RoA, followed by the other. Her bullying will be heavily reduced, and she'll be SUPER susceptible to ganks earlier on (pre-six).   I could be wrong, but they've pretty much changed her into a farm as much as possible with my E until I become relevant sort of champ.   Honestly i feel like her goal in lane is confusing. She wants to farm with her E, and harrass with her Q and W to get passive stacks, but Q and W have damage nerfs early. Cant over harrass with your E because if you max that you'll kill your mana quick, so idk. Time will tell where this goes.
0	I feel like im on the opposite end of this. I had a coworker in the air force who co owned a computer repair business. I hated my job in the air force and after a couple of year just did enough to get by. I always asked my friend if i could get a civilian job working at the computer repair store, mainly because that stuff is cool to me. Hell I know I would have enjoyed my job more. BUT he always told me no and eventually when a opening did come up they went with a store regular.   I'm not mad about it I understand from his perspective. I am now out of the air force and going to college. My buddy signed on for another 6 years and no longer works at the computer place. Life has a funny way of working out.
0	Stepping back, keeping your eyes on them, that's more than adequate. In fact, I'd say people are prone to chase someone who runs if the way every predatory mammal on earth acts is any consideration to the point.   I'm sorry, but seriously, you cannot expect people to run and expose their back. You cannot expect people to go blind to a threat when the odds favor them to hold that threat in view. Victims of violent crime are almost always weaker because these assholes don't tend to pick targets who stand a chance.   Do you really think the average doughy office worker, or sleepless overnight worker, is going to be able to be physically superior to a thug who may or may not be taking steroids, speed, and regularly participates in gang beatings, running from police, and going to the gym to maintain their hard look?
1	check it out](   3rd bullet
1	IMO, she does more in the way of shutting down the opposing ADC, as opposed to feeding your own ADC.   With her long range spears and execution type scaling on her takedown, she is rather prone to taking kills.   She offers an attack speed steroid to your ADC and some bush control. She has no innate peeling ability, but does have a percentage resistance shred (up to 40%).   As AD carry strength is relative to each other, a well played Nidalee can make your ADC strong if she can keep the other ADC weak via poke and zoning. With a strong early game, she can substantially add to poke later on, but even to late game, she has no innate peeling.
1	I think they are asking why Ezreal has no name. The reason: Windows and MacOS can utilize keyboards that the client cannot recognize. Since text characters have low “priority", essentially none, the client overlooks it. Since computer logic is based on binary, sequences of 0s and 1s, and the client cannot assign the characters proper cache, it simply puts a 0 since the character is not a perfect match with its predefined library. The opposite is true when you see names with uncommon symbols, since these characters are defined in the cliemts library.
0	Dude, you called the damn reddit fight.  Standard procedure calls for proper escalation.  I started by simply stating what normal procedure would be like, then you initiated escalation and called it.   Standard procedure would be for you to come up with something worse (like I did in response to your son up the sunshine place).  I was expecting something demanding that you drive my people before you and hear the lamentation of the women.   I mean with your incredulous responses I thought it pretty apparent that we were having a pretty heated yet fun reddit fight.   Was the eating your own intestines thing pretty bad? Sure, but I just based it off the Walking Dead, so it really shouldn't have been that hard to follow up.   Point is ( ie
0	I agree.
0	On the site itself, No watermark is shown. But if you share it on Facebook or something in that order, the watermark sticks like chewing gum on s shoe; You don't want it there and it takes time (not much, tough,) to take it off.
1	Jesus, I love you riot. Gold 3 here, unfortunately i don't believe i myself am yet at the plat 3 level, but was CONSTANTLY getting placed vs a team of plats in my promotion to gold2\1.
1	Knowing that the system works is the only way players will continue being genuinely nice to each other. If the motherfuckers who spoiled my 2 games at 0 points by going AFK and demoted me get punished for it, I wanna go back in and forget about the whole thing.   Reminding you that people get punished for their actions is really not just satisfactory on a personal level; it sets the base of this game in terms of morals and consequences.
1	I lost my first 15~ish games and dropped to 800 elo, never gave up and pulled myself up to 1300 in the months after that. When I heard that your eligibility for rewards would be determined by top and not current rating and that gold rating had been lowered to 1500, I immediately put on my carry pants and supported my way to 1535. I felt so happy about getting gold, despite it being cheapened so much (really, from 1800 to 1500?).
1	He'll now become a troll king if the journey into frelyord is to be believed.
0	Not going to lie, I had a similar experience. Our house was in the middle of a huge slope and it was quite snowy out. A lot of people just avoid our slope and just go around the long way, but this lady didn't. She tried driving up and got stuck in the middle of the hill. She can't go up nor down because there is a ditch right at the bottom of the hill (think of a long street with a right turn to the huge hill and a ditch to the left). I was around 12 then and was playing with my friend who was around 14. So we see this lady who's desperately stuck in the snow, and because we didn't have parents around to ask for help, we ran out to the car and started digging out the snow underneath the tire for traction. After doing so for around ten minutes, we spent the next twenty minutes trying to push the car up the hill. Of course the strength of two kids is no where near enough to lift this car up the hill, but somehow, whether by our efforts or divine intervention, the car caught some traction and drove up the hill. The lady thanked us, and we apologized for not being able to get her up the hill faster. I mean, if you're taking the risk of going up the hill, you're probably in a hurry and we took half an hour. She laughed and said no worries and drove out of our sight. We were damn exhausted but the feeling of accomplishment hyped us up a lot.
1	Depending on your ISP you do get a new IP every PPPoE session. This is actually standard practice in Europe apart from Cable DSL providers.   My locale IP has nothing to do with the Internet and neither my provider nor anyone on the Internet knows which IP those are. They do not need to know them.   Any European provider has to have a setup with which they can determine which client (Router/USER not PC) had which IP address at which point in time up to 90 days in the past IIRC.
1	The champ doesn't matter you can play everytging as long as you're good with it in Bronze. Strange picks probably work better because they are not used to it.
1	I have like 14 on my main, 5 on my smurf and 3 on another account.
1	Worst thing you can do is to take any of that to heart. It's okay to lose. They may be making huge mistakes and having other players in that position might have been better. Unfortunately, though, it doesn't matter what could have been, would have been, or should have been. It doesn't even matter what's already happened. Games are won and lost by the adjustment of a team far more than the successes or failures of a single person.   Do not get baited into an argument. If they are blaming you or a teammate, then it is pretty much impossible for you to change their minds. People hate the idea that they are making mistakes. In our society, making mistakes is seen as a bad thing. If what you're doing is bad, then you must be bad. Nobody likes being bad. Instead, they will look for ways to push blame onto anyone else. Let them. Their blame doesn't suddenly make you bad.   Try to remember that these frustrations are, more often than not, just a way to shield themselves from scorn. Not necessarily yours, but their own. It's why they will rage in all chat. A wider forum for their behavior, the better chance of having just one person agree with them. People afraid to admit their failures typically seek affirmation. However, because they refuse to accept fault, they will disregard the validity of anything else that is said. This is what makes the "all chat rage" a win-win for them.   Instead of taking the bait and descending into the team-destroying arguments... cover your weaknesses. To cover it, you first need to identify it. Once you've identified your weakness, you need to identify your strengths. It is very important you find your weakness first. It will put your strengths in better perspective. Only when you've done both can you learn how to cover your weakness. Allow me to explain.   Say your top lane is having a rough game. Behind in farm by a hefty sum and lowest level in the game.  "There's your weakness!"  NO!  That is the symptom. If you're coughing and sneezing, snot-faced and water-eyed... you have a cold. The cold is the problem. Taking cough drops can help the hacking and wheezing, but it doesn't cure the cold.  Why  is your top lane feeding? "The enemy is better?" Yes but  what makes them better ? Ward coverage solid? Map awareness to even make use of the wards? Last hit ability? Lane positioning? Champion matchup?   Once you isolate the problem(s), you need to assess your strengths. Is your ward coverage terrific? Got that one teammate (who everyone should strive to be) that knows precisely when the timers are up on every buff and objective? What's your composition like... good amount of poke or sustain? Heavy initiate? Good disengage? Easy peeling? Siege? Play to that composition. Have the discipline to know when to fight and when to run. Designate one team member as a shot-caller. Preferably that really smart, globally aware player. Don't have one of those? ... Why are you playing ranked without that skill?   Now that you know your strengths and weaknesses, you should see a very clear way to win. A bad lane phase is not a sentence to lose the game. All it means is that your team needs to put on their big boy/girl pants and  solve  your problems rather than give up and perpetuate them.
1	Ok, so I've been thrown some rocks at for pointing out how wrong it is without much details. Here are some details:     The Archmage Mastery is not taken in account. It is MULTIPLICATIVE with Rabadon, which makes the increase of AP goes from 5% (masteries only) to 36.5% (Deathcap+Masteries)   His void staff + masteries penetration maths are wrong.   This guy must use tier 1 runes, because Runes are totally undervalued. Again, there's much more flat pen coming from Magic Penetration Mark than this, and basically every player use these. (150% more efficient than what is shown here...)   He insist on the comparison for a Second buy. Yet, all his skills are level 5 ?     Therefore, THE BASIC MATHS ARE WRONG.   And more. Not only the maths are wrong by a decent margin (which could make the "required MR" for Void to be valuable higher by about 10), but it doesn't take in consideration a whole lot of things. Such as:     Efficiency on wave clear. Which is extremely important for a Mage, and even more true with Season 5; minions have no MR, only health.   Other spells than that "level 5" spell. Even with low AP Ratios, a level 1 spell will probably dish out more of AP than base damage at this point. Spell like, say, your level 1 ultimate?   The growing AP for your third buy. While you are building through your 3rd or 4th item, your AP increases, making the Deathcap even more valuable while your next items aren't complete.    The MR of your opponent at that point, on average. You ain't level 18 yet. Nobody has 150MR.   The example used of 1000+2.5AP is only speculation on a combo damage.   For example, Syndra at level 9 would deal 870+3.3% AP (with 5 sphere, which is realistic for a level 9 syndra to pull out), Which HIGHLY favor Deathcap against that 1000+2.5AP example (less base damage, more AP Ratio).      And the conclusion couldn't be more wrong !   It is ESPECIALLY true for multiple Damage Spell champions. Why? Because every "not maxed yet" ability will deal much more damage with an higher AP than an higher penetration. That level 1 Force of Will deal 80+70%AP. Would you take deathcap or voidstaff on that? There's not even a sliver of doubt.   Therefore, on the opposite, it gets even BETTER for damage only mages who relies on their full combo.
1	I won a game and was excited about getting to a promo series ... ended up with 90 rating (had 78 before) so not that bad.   Another win later I got 4 points.  The next win I got 2 points.  The next win I got 1 point.  Last win in my streak another single point.  Now I'm sitting at 98 and thought well one more game and I surely have it ... but I lost 6 points instead and lost the following game for another 10 points.   Apparently my hidden ELO or whatever they use wasn't ready for me to go to gold5.  This was crushing any motivation I had playing ranked as you can surely tell.  The fact that I went 7-0 in my placement games and ending 7-3 and getting placed silver1 didn't help either.
1	3 things:     Why nerf him in first place?                                                                                             If His passive will be nerfed by more than 5% it will hurt.                                                                             Not a big deal this nerf, really weak one. It would hurt much more if they nerfed his range on any of his abilities.
1	No, im purely pointing out that to generalize and say that ideas have to be both formulated and tested on a large scale before they can be deemed good or bad is complete hogwash.   Also before anyone jumps to the conclusion that im saying this patch is good/bad im not, just purely calling hogwash on the logic of ideas needing to be put into play to know if theyre good/bad
0	Here's what happened to OP. He knows a woman who wants to be respected for her intelligence. She is talking about her breasts one day. He assumes that she is doing it to "seduce," "turn on," "get attention," etc. In reality, she's talking about her breasts just like she would about other body parts, probably in a playful way. But to OP, a woman can't talk about herself in a sexual way without it meaning she is trying to "seduce," "turn on," or "get attention."   I'm a guy, and I want to be respected for my intelligence as well. But I also talk about sex and my body too. I don't think women hold me to this same ridiculous standard that OP is holding women to. But, OP is implying that if a woman ever talks about herself, even once, as a sexual being, fie to her and damn any respect for her.
0	Faith is a personal thing, not always something that you believe can send or stop a  natural disaster. Everyone believes in something slightly different, and this method of getting angry and lumping all people who believe in god together is kind of silly. A bit like discriminating against a whole country full of individuals because of those that you hear about. Not always a popular view but it's just what I think so meh.
1	I mained akali for quite awhile but stopped using her once I got close to plat. Why? Because the enemy would carry around pink wards during team fights. She is NOT broken. You know what she is though? An assassin. Every assassin should theoretically be able to 1v1 and burst down other champs. When it comes to her ult, do you realize that once she hits level 6 it takes her an entire minute to have her full ult? Already weak early it takes her 60 seconds to gain two more stacks and have full ult potential. Any other champ has full utility of their ult the second they hit 6.
1	I went from 90 points in bronze 2 to like 15 points in bronze 4 over 3 days in an epic rash of bad teams.  I dont in any way shape or form mean to say that in those games I didn't make any misplays, but at multiple points in that stretch of time, I had a whole lot of really really bad players (I dont mean like a couple bad decisions, but 1 to 2 players on the team that would be 0/5/0+ by the 10 minute mark. or afk/troll picking AP nid support and ONLY splitpush, etc) ANYWAY, I went all the way down, and soloqueueing after that I was consistently last pick, and unfortunately most people dont realize how differently the jungle functions than playing a lane and/or even though I have pretty good ratings with most of my jungle champs, people just absolutely refused to support and would push me out of the jungle.  I actually really enjoy supporting, and have pretty good win/loss with a few supports.  Anyway, I like playing just about anything (I dont like to ADC, my last hitting isn't amazing in duo lanes, and I genuinely find it kinda boring early.) but that's why I rarely get to jungle.
1	One thing you could do if you're playing draft for normals or ranked is to ban him.  I agree with you that he is strong right now but not necessarily broken.  As many have stated his split push potential is huge.  A lot of his damage comes from crits which even if you have armor still hurt a lot, so 1 v 1'ing him is difficult from the burst damage from crits as well as his ultimate giving him 5 seconds of free immunity to dying.   The biggest counter to Tryndamere is as stated, shutting him down early game.  He is incredibly vulnerable early game to ganks because his only escape is a spin that doesn't close that much distance or he has to burn a summoner spell.  Play a champion that can effectively zone him and force him to CS under his tower.  Try to avoid long engages with him as his Q increases his AD the lower his health gets, Trynd excels in straight up 1 v 1 brawls which is why his splitpushing is incredible.   As for team fights, just CC him if he tries to enter the fight right away.  A decent Tryndamere will sit back though and wait for your team to blow their CC, so be sure to protect your ADC because that's likely where he's aiming to go.
0	No, I can understand your skepticism, I really can. That's why I can't really get upset at your comment. The world, especially Reddit, is so full of bullshitters. I will try to get him to send me a picture with his birth certificate and his letter from the foundation that gave him the scholarship. It's all made funnier by the fact that he looks like a 6'5" irish lumberjack.   Oh yes, and thank you for twisting my words. There are more foundations out there that provide scholarships solely for "African Americans" than solely Caucasians (none that I'm aware of unless the KKK or Aryan Nation funds some). So seeing as most of my friends were white kids, born in the US, they didn't have the opportunity for the same scholarship he did (by the way, still talking about a white kid born in Africa). But nowhere did I imply that black kids take out less loans or go to school free more so than white kids. Thanks for taking a couple sentences and trying to make it look like I was making a broad generalization.
1	Sorry to burst your bubble but they would never do this. Part of the SRU was the effect at the beginning of a game where all of your team mates pop in with the light beams. It's a cool way for the game starting to feel more epic, rather than five mythical heroes just being there.
1	To add to this massive wall of text - knowing how to control the lane. This is a very helpful tool in top lane (and elsewhere, too) because you with proper lane control you can gain advantages over your opponent, both in CS and exp. Pushing your lane when you need to base or holding it so your minions die while they are away helps immensely.
1	If you want Goth Annie go get Goth annie she's in the store under bundles. Your argument that they should release retired/locked skins begs the question of "Should they release skins they said they were going to retire and lock" The answer is no. in my opinion if you could do without the skin when it was released you can do without it now. To those who weren't playing; you are simply facing the consequence of being late to the party. All games have "Rare Items" Riot has found a neat way to create their own without making the game P2W. Releasing all of their "Rare" skins would basically tell everyone that their word is not good for anything as they are willing to go against their word.
0	I worked at Hobby Lobby's main warehouse here in oklahoma city and that place is a joke for holidays. I would have work every holiday except thanksgiving, christmas and new years day. And when we didn't work those days we had to make up for them so we worked either saturday or SUNDAY! Pretty funny since the owner is "Christian" and closes his sores on sunday? Yet that Mofo lives in a house here thats 37,000 sq. feet! His house has a indoor pool with a high dive. Must be nice to be a billionaire.
1	Was playing in ~S1/G5 Elo yesterday as a lee sin jungle. Enemy team had an amumu jungle that built ghost blade and ended up going 0/20. He explained in all chat he just did his placement matches because he just hit 30 and was placed S4. He got pissed because he was being destroyed in every match and said the game wasn't fun for him anymore.
1	They're literally the  closest match for YOUR skill level  that the game can find. If you're getting grouped with players that feed 3 kills in 5 minutes, it's because the game thought you'd make a nice team. EVERYONE is inconsistent at lower skill levels, and EVERYONE has bad games.   You know all those times when someone will say 'Oh but I don't belong in <insert relevant Division/Tier>. I'm better than that'?  Sometimes it's not necessarily untrue.   Source & Proof? Me (yes I really am sticking my head on the block for this). [Main account]( and [smurf](   My main is currently D5 in Bronze, and sliding fast Cardboard Tier imo. Playing ranked has become a much avoided chore;  session after session of hair pulling, frustration and fury. I'm not going to go into great detail. If you have spent any time at all on reddit then you will have heard how horrible it can be. And yes, people  do  climb their way out but unfortunately I solo queue 99% of the time  and  I main support. I tried ADC but the supports I got myself were.. >.< fuck it, not going there, as a support main thinking about it hurts my head.   So I've kinda given up on my main. Bronze5, LoLKing rating: 800   /cringe&shame   So I've turned my attentions started to play the smurf I made last year but stopped playing at lvl9. I play the same characters and the same role of support. The only thing different is the Summoner name and the fact there are less runes and mastery points to fill a page.  I'm almost lvl30 now and play Draft predominantly.   Now, I don't know if it's screwy matchmaking, lack of people queuing for Draft or whatever but there's often 1 or 2 soloQ Silvers and Bronzes in mine or the enemy team. That's SOLO Q. They did not get there duo'ing with another pre-30 player.   The games I play on my smurf are awesome. Maybe 1 on 10 has someone who I desire to give a slapping to, but they are few and far between. Team comps are well thought out and communication is very very good. Games are hard fought, played hard and we play to win at all costs.   And there are more wins than losses. About 3 days ago I won 8 games in a row and in only one did we even touch the enemy Nexus. We dominated the enemy into forfeit each time. Twice right on the 20min mark.   The game immediately prior to those (a loss) we were up on kills (something like 30>20) but could not capitalise on this and lane push as it was 3v5. We had 2 AFK. And had since about 12mins into game. We talked in chat about /ff but we were actually having a very good time holding the other 5 back out of our base. It had become a trial of endurance and we simply could not afford to die and though we killed them many times we weren't able to get the necessary Ace that would enable a good push. It took the enemy over 20mins of seiging (sp?) our base to wear us down and claim Victory and the game lasted almost an hour. Awesome game. Was honors all round after that, both sides.   You might think  'noob games, low level shit, you just stomped inexperienced players'  but no. I now ask people during and after game if they are smurfing and what ranking their mains are. Those that are smurfing generally have silver, gold and even one or two plat mains (if you take their word for it) and those that aren't smurfing, a lot of them have come from DotA and HoN and know their way around a MOBA. Very few were first time players on first accounts.   I've played enough games with gold/plat friends on my lvl30 to know what a hard game feels like and in those I can hold my own. I especially love getting praise from enemy supports and ADCs, or good natured abuse because I am so damn annoying to play against, and to see that they are gold/plat players makes me feel confident about my own play-style.   Those games are similar in quality, feel and skill as the games I am currently playing on my smurf. These are the types of games I  dream  about when I play ranked on my 30. And I say  dream  because it sure as fuck isn't the reality of the situation.   My smurfs average game rating (as per info on quickfind.kassid.in which I use during loading of each game to spy on the enemy and sort their weaknesses): between 1100-1350. If this is even comparable to ranked ratings (or even hidden mmr) I think that would place me somewhere in the vicinity of high Silver. Maybe S1 or 2. That's still not great but its a shitload better than fucking Bronze5!   So, no, I don't think I belong in the arse end of Bronze. I know I don't.   Sorry this turned into a novel :S
0	Congratulations!   I did this quite a while ago to a very close friend who I was living with at the time in a dorm room. She was very controlling toward me and the rest of our mutual friends. We fought often because I wouldn't take her unsolicited advice and wouldn't tell her all the details of my past or present.  She actually said to me that "we could no longer be friends if I wouldn't tell her everything." This was in regards to me hanging out with a guy from class and not being back in the room right away.   Finally there was just some ridiculous fight and I snapped. It was like someone turned off a light switch on caring about her at all. I just didn't care anymore. I did not give a fuck about her anymore and just stopped interacting. I didn't fight with her anymore, and I didn't go along with her ways of apologizing. I would simply say something like "No thank you" or "I'm busy."   Best decision I ever made. I was so much happier after I cut her out of my life.
0	Bear with a smoker here. It could be different where you live, but where I live, there aren't ashtrays and buttstops on every corner, like garbage cans. This states that conventional litter and cigarette butts, while equal in application, are not the same in the eyes of the municipal planners. While holding a burning object, one tends to discard it when it begins to burn them, and if the proper disposal receptacle isn't readily available, we tend to toss it. "Stomp it out and trash it", you might think, but that's where you could be legally considered an arsonist. If the fire is not completely out, the whole can will burst into an inferno, and more likely than not, it will be in the bin owned by another. Trash fires don't subside very quickly and leave a rancid stench that doesn't dissipate for hours, leaving the people who walk by, smoker or non, to deal with it. This leaves us with one other solution: petition to ban smoking altogether. That will fail because, quite simply, there's too much money in the industry to outright ban it.
0	Oh boy, storytime! I call this one "The Time We Blew Up a Sorority Girl"   So about 18 months ago my roommates and I were having a St. Paddy's Day party at our crappy duplex at our college. Drinking all day, with a couple of kegs, people rolling in and out as they wished. Just an overall relaxed day. Towards evening, some of our buddies brought over a little portable firepit (think larger charcoal grill, but ya burn wood in it) that had a grate cover. We proceeded to start a nice little fire and eventually dragged a sofa out into the back yard (we're classy people..)   Anyhow, one of my roomies gets a couple of decent looking girls to come over. They were okay people, I guess, but they kept changing the music we were playing (We listened mostly to 90s rock and assorted dubstep, whatever). After I argued with one of them a couple times about it being my own damn house and me not caring about her "being a girl" (I was 25 at the time, former military, and didn't like putting up with the typical entitled pretty college girl bullshit.) so they eventually left. The roomie that invited them over got a little pissy at me for cockblocking, but was generally okay with it. About an hour later they came back.   In the hour they were gone we'd gotten up to about 20 people at the house chillin, playing drinking games, smoking, and sitting around the fire. Our asshole of a neighbor came over blackout drunk on tequila, but we put up with him because his poor girlfriend is a nice person and was always with him; she seemed to enjoy herself more when she was with people that weren't really his friends. But I digress. My buddy got the two chicks to come back..   Everyone present was pretty drunk, and we were running out of wood for the pit (Time was around 1130pm) and the roommate that was into the two chicks started hacking pieces off the sofa with a machete to burn and keep the outdoor party going. Anyhow, myself and a few others decided to walk to the gas station a few blocks away and grab some food, then come back and tackle the second keg. We were gone about 30 minutes or so. The walk back was nice, calm, not too hot, not too cold, just a pleasant night.   We got back to the house and walked to the back yard. And into a scene of carnage.   The sofa was missing an arm, but the sofa itself was about 1/3 burned. Pieces of trans and burnt plastic were littering the yard. Bits of glass were laying about along with pieces of clothing. The fire was out.   We walked into the house and found bits of burnt hair, the whole house reeked of burnt hair and other burnt aromas. Only a few people were there.   Here's what happened: People didn't want the fire to go out, so they started throwing in basically anything that looked flammable. Empty cardboard boxes, bits of the sofa, trash. The super drunk asshole neighbor threw in a box he  swears  he checked for garbage. Inside of that box was a can of spraypaint. He's an idiot.   Three people had serious burns. One dude had 2nd degree burns on his arm, one of the two chicks hand 2nd degree burns on bits of her arms and face. The other girl was burned so badly she was airlifted to the regional burn unit where she got grafts and spent a few weeks in the hospital.   How does this relate to renter's insurance? I was the only one at my house that had it, and had only gotten it a few weeks before. My insurance paid for her hospital bills and recovery (some $100k). It also affords me a lawyer if I were to be sued for that incident.
1	I'll be honest. I am happy with my 200 ping. I have been used to it for so long that I have become consistent enough to be able to play like any other player would. Sure, I'd love an Australian server however, what will happen to all the friends I made in the NA server?   I've started playing DOTA ever since they added the Australian server but the ping difference really doesn't matter to me. Unless I'm trying to play at a professional level, having 200 ping never bothers me. It all comes down to having a consistent ping for a long period of time in which you become used to the actions and time frames between action and reaction. I used to make a piss poor Alistair W-Q combo, but after a while, you just naturally become accustumed to the lag that you have.   Also, sincerely agree with Jinjinbug, he brings out a very good point. Regardless of how many supporters there are for an Australian server, it is all about the incentive.   Edit
1	ye. It is PLAYING THE GAME FOR YOU. it GIVES YOU information that other players aren't given just like that, and it gives you it AUTOMATICALY. You don't have to do anything.   *I can time baron, buffs , wards, but i can make a bot that will do it for me.   *I can last hit, but i can make a bot that make me do it.   Same thing. Especially in a game that requires TACTIC and THINKING.   Just like in chess. You must think yourself. You can't use a program, that gives you the best option for moves, and shows you the possibilities after it.   So showing me if i can kill him with ignite. Telling me, if the jungler is coming etc. in League of Legends.   I know you guys think it isn't that much of an edge. But it is and edge, that Not everyone have. And if RIOT would allow that, more things would be allowed.   It is a cheat. It makes other team weaker, making 'your' superior in thinking and map awarness which you don't have.   Map awarness, knowing how much dmg your ignite does, knowing timers and writing them yourself , looking at the map to see if jungler is coming.   Those things +  being an average player will take you to Platinium , Because 'those things' metioned above are part of the game. A part, that you have to LEARN by yourself. The Knowledge about game. The core parts of it, the mechanics.   Wards give vision. They aren't called "ALARMS", and aren't telling us someone is coming. XD   If Riot would want us to know everything like that straight away, why didn't they implement it?  Because they don't want another Metin 2(where you don't need.. anything?) or Call of Duty ( sorry if anyone feels bad ), where you don't need brain, just some mechanics.
0	There's nothing wrong with being an art major. Honestly, you should only ever major in something that excites you. If engineering or programming excites you, you're probably going to live a pretty easy life. You're going to find a job relatively easily and you're going to make a lot of money. Now, if you hate programming and do it for the money. Then, well, your work life is going to ruin you.   On the other hand, being an art major is a little bit harder but equally worthwhile. It's going to be harder to find a job and it probably won't pay as much, but if it's what you love to do you have to buckle up and pursue it. At the end of the day you'll be just as happy as the engineering major/programmer. However, if you pick an art major just because it's easy and you have no real passion for it, then you'll probably live a life of unfulfilling work and low pay.
1	It sounds like a great idea for us, but totally goes against the ultimate goal of riot imo. Smurfs are made for 3 reasons usually. To do ranked placements again, to test new builds/champs, or to play with a low level friend.   The first reason kind of doesn't make sense as most are placed bronze 1 at highest, maybe in silver. Either climb your own ladder or wait for next season. Maybe buying a ranked reset might be ok as an idea. If you purposely want to be placed below your skill level, that's against what riot most likely wants, an equal battle field.   The second reason is kind of why we have normals lol. If that doesn't suit you do a custom game, or even try in ranked and risk it, but don't make a secondary ranked account to just try out weird builds without risking YOUR lp. Play normals for the same thing.   The third reason is alright, but making a new account is so easy anyways and you want to be a lower level to even out your friends matches which you can switch to your main after he reaches 30. Maybe if you're d1 having a unranked smurf to play normals with your bronze/silver friends, but most people wouldn't have a problem with that. I see 5s of 4 silver 1 plat-diamond all the time.   An argument for riots side would be all the money they could make through rp, but they aren't focused on maximizing profit (as seen by LCS where they actually lose some money) but are focused on the player experience and community.
1	I, like many other fans, don't know Elementz or Saint or any other pro player personally, however, that doesn't mean we can't pick up on the character and personality of the players we watch week in and week out.   Through interviews and vlogs and all sorts of sources, it is obvious that Elementz is a real, down to earth, honest, sincere and above all, noble dude. He has his priorities straight. He's doing what's healthy for himself.   Saintvicious is anything but saintly and everything that's vicious. He's willing to privately trash talk his own teammate with a fellow competitor? Why? What is there to gain? SV does not know how to be a leader. Being a leader is about building up those around you, not thrashing them. "Calling the plays" in game does not make you a leader. Don't confuse being a leader with running your mouth. SV's conceited and selfish. He's toxic and he's going to end up being the end of Curse. He is, in essence, Curse's curse.
1	The Rito Gods have called me to unleash the Rammus upon Bronze hell :D   but really I just main jungle, and found my best character. Found good people to duo with out of bronze, motivation, learned from streams, internet etc. He's just a champ that can literally keep pressure on all lanes throught-out the game. I've gone through over 500 games in bronze this season, and my playing has finally paid off. Because hes a champ with so much freedom to keep pressure, it gives me the opportunity to shot-call every game ( Rotations ganks objectives). So really every time I play rammus I can call on the shots and be a real team player. I also build zhonas after thornmail and sunfire cape, with ap pen mark runes, so when Im ganking and they focus me I do hella damage, and I usually can get fed really easy and carry. Also I usually can get a first blood at enemy wolves lvl 2 because speed quints and well.. its bronze. I'm just happy I can finally say goodbye to bronze at the end of the season. Add me thatraff if you ever want to play normals! I'll hopefully be gold next season! I've learned quite a lot for my first season.
1	Sure, because every OGN trashtalk video is presented as a prediction/analysis video or a normal interview. No, the OGN trashtalk video are very well known to exist for that only reason. Every players, teams and fans know it. The trashtalk is limited to those video only. When someone step out of that context and actually say something in a interview that comes out as overconfidence will get slammed for it. It seems like nobody remember DanDy saying that they won't lose a single game against a western team during s3 worlds. Was that in a OGN trashtalk video ? Nope ! Did he got slammed on by many fans for that sentence ? Yes definetly not only by westerns fans but also by Koreans fans. Trashtalk work when both person implicated know it's trashtalk not necessarily something they truly think. It's not something you do to a person without letting them reply right after. Eg: Mata and Imp trashtalking eachother during their video presenting their duo for s4 worlds final is alright trashtalking because the setting let each other respond to the trashtalk the other does.
0	I find their oversimplification of advanced computer features to be a bad thing for the power users out there. Now the capabilities are in there somewhere,  but usually locked behind several walls they built to supply the average user with more capabilities,  but less destructive power.   It's a personal issue,  but that's why my opinion is colored as such. It does not help that they also charge an exorbitant up charge on hardware that when soldered into a mac board increases it's value 3 fold. You can hold the exact same ram chips in your hand from the parent company,  and there will be no difference.  They don't use magic solder, and it's wak.   So as a power user it seems they also liken their low majority status to bend misinformed consumers to preconceived notions instead of correcting them. Of course no other company would do any different if entrenched in that position,  so it's a fault of consumers really.   So all in all I dislike them because A) they charge more for hardware than they should.  B) Power user features are much more protected than in windows.  C) they abuse consumer misinformation for their own benefit.   Now all.of these could be perpetrated by other companies, but more so since their line is "proprietary" hardware and software linked,  rather than one or the other.  Such a level of control over their product allows for further manipulation of it to drive profits and shaft consumers.   Windows has issues I hate, so does Linux,  and inevitably so does apple. The real difference between them is that while windows and Linux (if you use a paid distribution) lock their awesome behind a single pay wall for consumers. They manipulate this to further profits (upgrade to 8.1 for dx11!) As any company does. That apple can do this for two side's, software and hardware,  it allows for greater "fucking over" of consumers.   They can and do perpetrate this.   If it were Microsoft or redhat, I'd hate them for it also. It's really an issue of capitalism really if you want to get to the root. However in the end, it's the reality that they are the ones doing it now,  so they earned my ire.   It doesn't matter whoever does this. When a company controls their products moreso than their competitors,  it allows a bigger customers fuckery.  It's a hard position to get into, but when it happens it's always the consumer who gets fucked.   For other examples of this, look at any proprietary technology.  None of these proprietary things ever mean anything better for the consumer,  just less choice,  and more money. It's not just apple with pc's or smartphone connections.  They do it everywhere,  but end result is higher profits,  and more cost for consumers,  with little or no boost in performance or value.
0	Maybe if you wanted your degree to be useful you should have gotten it a diverse and relatively non-competitive area.   A degree makes employment much more viable in many areas, as well as providing security (a.k.a. it's less likely somebody with a degree will take your place) and giving off a better first impression so you may still get the job if you tank the interview.   Even if you don't need a degree for your current job, your degree might land you a new job with better pay/benefits.
0	I put my resume damn near everywhere I could. Monster, career builder, my state's department of labor website, etc... and applied to everything I could find.   My first semi-real job I got out of college was as a test technician for military hardware. I got that job because they were looking for about two dozen of us and could afford to have a few washouts during training. It was a two months full time, four months off deal.   The next job (my current one) is full time. Remember how I said to post your resume everywhere? There are a billion temp-to-hire recruiters out there browsing job sites. When they spot your resume they'll email you about a position they've been contracted to fill and, if you're interested, they'll contact the company for you to arrange the interview. If you're hired, you technically work for the headhunter for 6-12 months and at the end of your contract, the host company has the option to hire you themselves if they're happy with you. This is what happened for me. I was brought in to interview as a test technician, clicked really well with the interviewers and was hired on as a temp. I used those six months to work my ass off and make a name for myself. At the end of my contract, there was a position open as a test engineer so I applied on a whim. They knew what I could do, so they hired me as one of their own and promoted me right out of the gate.
0	Don't feel bad. I had an asshole driver pass me on the right side of the road once to get around me and go to the hospital. He barely squeezed past me without crashing and scared the shit out of me. The twist was that I was taking my mom to the ER as well. We both had to sit in the waiting room together and wait our respective turns--a good amount of time--except I got to the hospital without driving like a fucking animal.
1	V4.21:   Lightslinger   Second shot damage reduced to 30 / 40 / 50% AD against champions from 50% AD at all levels.   Buff duration reduced to 3 seconds from 6.
0	Can confirm!   Years ago I worked delivery driving for a food service establishment. ONCE, a particularly demanding customer (outside our established delivery area, requested extra stop at a drive-through for additional food items (promising reimbursement in the tip), took a full two minutes to answer the door, and "You woke my baby with that knocking!!!") declined to tip (now, remember this person had effectively borrowed money from the driver for the drive-through request). Seeing nothing written on the tip line, and knowing that she was legitimately owed money, my co-worker wrote in the drive-through total. Customer complained when her credit statement showed a different billed amount and the driver was  summarily terminated . Weeks later my coworker found the drive-through receipt, and the address-for-driver copy of the complaining customer's ticket, which happened to carry a notation of the drive-through request. She was given back her job, and restaurant policy was changed to "no stops to other businesses for delivery customers".
0	I believe what she is doing is illegal. She shouldn't know when your leave is and it doesn't make sense that she does unless she is in charge of of payroll.   it's people like you that inspire me to find ways to help them. I'm getting real fucking tired of the shitty labor rights we have in this country.   Tell your coworkers to file grievances against her. Every fucking little thing she does that puts you guys in an "uncomfortable" position should be noted and used against her. If the union ignores it then legal action has to take place. Union is in place to help you, not fuck you and this is obvious proof that can hurt them greatly.   The other thing that you guys can do additionally is by scaring the union. You need at least half of your crew to ask for a de-unionization or a vote to be called to kick the union out. The paperwork related should be on their website and if not, multiple people calling in regards to it will turn some heads.
0	i know there are a lot of people out there like you, but i have a hard time really getting it.  i love love fucking LOVE my wife. i'm going to be with her forever, etc.  i also love my kids.   but what i would not fucking do to get rid of all of them for, say, 3 or 4 days and just be able to drink and sleep in and do whatever i want, whenever i wanted it.  just for a couple of days. just that.  to not have to hear my goddamned name being called so i can go get something for somebody. just for a few days. a few fucking days, man. jesus, i'm begging you. anybody. somebody.   i love my family more than anything but it has -with no exaggeration at all- been  years  since i had anything more than an evening to myself.   my poor wife doesn't really get it.   she's built differently and thinks this means i don't love her or something, but it's not like that.
0	I disagree. It was not the alcohol or liquid courage as some might put it as the reason for your recent success with a fair maiden (kudos). This female feels an attraction towards you because you conveyed your honest feelings and attraction to her, (Men need to be loved, women need to be desired,) anyway...  as you put it, you "laid it all out on the table," women are attracted to honesty as well as men who can express themselves emotionally (at least the ones you ideally want to meet), because men who are honest and expressive are confident. These men give no fucks when they speak their mind, how you as the male feel is your primary concern. That ability to open up and speak freely electrifies women and gets those loins frothy. Additionally,  women are also smarter than most men give them credit i.e. they pick up on the bullshit and fake gimmicks pretty quick.
0	That's because there are both attractive qualities that each person needs, and staying qualities that each person needs. Attractive qualities do exactly that, attract someone to asking them out. Staying qualities keep them there.   Most people consider classical good looks an attractive quality. But chubbie chasers would think the exact opposite. If you have absolutely no specific attractive qualities, or unattractive qualities, then you are a Pan-sexual Bestial Pedophile and people who are ok with that in a relationship are few and far between.   Once someone is there though, there needs to be a staying quality. The one thing I always try to remember. Every guy or girl I date is either going to be the one I love or an eventual Ex. I might not be the type of person they want to be with forever, and they might not be mine. I have this problem as I get plenty of first dates but second dates seem to be less likely.   Some people, especially the ladies (no offense my vaginal peeps), don't keep this in mind, and specifically have to have a Reason^tm that they are breaking up with someone. They love to tell there friends the Reason^tm so that their friends don't think they are just date-whores. So the perfectly normal guy becomes the ass-hole, I think he's cheater on me, and he says mean things, why can't I find a nice guy!?!?!
1	I have to agree you on this so much. As a mid/jg main, I can see the HUGE problem in the jungle: You can't carry as easily anymore. With Kha'zix and Pantheon nerfed around patch 4.9, it just totally got rid of carry oriented junglers. Honestly, imo, it's boring as hell to jungle. When kha'zix was "OP" back then, you could jump around in team fights and ACTUALLY DEAL DAMAGE. Now with the late game adcs that deal 400 damage per hit (cough TRISTANA!!!!!!!!!!!!!), junglers are useless as hell late game. I try to avoid jungling as I feel like I can't have fun at all if I jungle. In the end, we play this game for fun right? That is why it is so fun to play damage dealing champions that could also make badass plays. Why do you think Zed was so popular? You could make cool jukes. Why is yasuo so popular? He deals bunch of damage late game, and you can have all sort of satisfying plays. With your e, windwa, and knock up, you can do so much more wih him then some champion like evelynn or udyr. When you make that outplay, rather it is FAKER1v1YASUOPLAY, or a 5 man ult that you set up, it is so satisfying to create those plays, carry the game, and win. Meanwhile, in the jungle, because so many jungle champions are getting weaker, it is sooo hard to carry a game by yourself (Pls teach me nightblue3). Now that RITO also nerfed Lee Sin, a champion that you can make SOOOO many plays with, I feel like junglers are super weak, hard to carry by yourself, and cannot make sweet plays (due to how most jungle champion's kit function).
1	I wouldn't be sad for EUW. NA is very childish. The most neutral and lightest of jokes and comments are seen as EXTREMELY TOXIC. Its actually really horrible to play here. You basically can't say anything to these people and when you don't, they get mad because you're not talking to them when they ask incredibly stupid questions. first pick ignite-flash-Syndra locked in: "r u go mid, dude?" half a second later: "WTF answer retard!" someone else: "Yea syndra trolling" another player: "stupid fucking Syndra so toxic FML someone dodge". I'm thoroughly convinced those players are still trying to figure out which lane I was going to even after I won the game for them starting mid.   Be happy you can actually communicate with your teammates. Even if you have to take a lot of flak with it. All these extremely pleasant NA gods are really very difficult and spiteful people.   If people don't get along with you then maybe, just maybe: you might be hard to get along with.
1	It would be at riot, not league, if that distinction makes sense. First time I got denied cs I'd be running back, let alone cc lock.  Someone said it really well in another thread, something along the lines of: I'm dissapointed that they (riot) are unable to provide a service befitting the size/dedication of their fanbase.
1	Favorite so far is Season 4, here's why:   as a Jungle main:   I'm not playing secondary-support in the late game   Really like the vision changes   REAALLYY like the Big Wraith camp addition, balancing the farming options on ganking routes   Trinkets are great   Smaller bushes are also a change that is extremely undervalued     I really like that rather than a new champions every two weeks, we get reworks of champions who are too outdated to ever be played   For competitive play, the game is so much more fun to watch now that a team can't win the game at level 1. I remember a time when I could watch the first 5 minutes of ANY game, and then say okay "95% chance this team is going to win in 20 minutes. We want to see even teams have multiple teamfights, it's more fun to play and to watch in this setup.   I think people really take for granted a lot of the changes that have come into the game over the years:   There was nothing at all fun about top Jarvans going 3 HoG and a Philo and then being ungankable, unkillable, and guaranteed to be huge by early late game.   There was nothing fun about the other jungler getting ahead of you, buying an oracle, and dominating the map vision for the next 45 minutes (Oracle used to last forever if you didn't die)  *There was nothing fun about supports being ward bitches, trinkets are an amazing addition.
1	they may be getting ddosed right now but that has been my general sense of how this game has been going, they gain the most from the pro scene, so everything they do is for that small percentage of pro players and things to improve the pro scene. I started playing a little over 2 years ago, and my first opinion was wow these people really care about their game, at the time i thought bungie did a good job of it up until halo reach. Riot was like cristano ronaldo or messi where the others where like a varsity athletes in high school in terms of being a community friendly game. I can't say the same anymore, if you think about the changes riot does in terms of "how can we milk the most money out of the pro scene" thing like why there isnt a system to deal with 4v5's make so much more sense. In the lcs there will never be a 4v5, so why waste the resources to brainstorm, create, test, and implement a system that's going to yield 0 returns. And honestly "it can be abused" should not be an excuse for the game or the company 4 or 5 years after its release, nor should it be accepted by the community.
0	Rab_Legend said you stopped using "the" 1/2 way through, I was informing him that you actually stopped using it 1/3 of the way through.
1	This is ridiculous. This is a  TEAM  game. It shouldn't be "oh randomizer lets me pick first I'll do whatever the fuck I want" it should be "oh I'm matched with 4 people we should collaborate and figure out who would fit each position well". I'm tired of either side of the argument. Instead of crying about how you're first pick or trying to call a position how bout you act like this isn't a single player game and  COMMUNICATE .   And if you are first pick, please stop banning the fotm champions or the specific counters to  your  one champion so the rest of the team doesn't have to suffer a kassadin leblanc morgana ban because you want to play annie mid. Riot  should  split banning power among the group as a vote system or something instead of having "player 1" choose 3 bans and then the team's mid or top so that the rest of us get fucked over by mid that gets counterpicked and three useless bans.
1	The first one literally has the boobs just hanging out and you think the SECOND one is slutty?   Like, judging by the first one, Pentakill Sona doesn't have nipples. That's how much boob we're talking here.   The second one fits Sona's personality better, anyway - she's supposed to be graceful, and while a skin  should  be a change in personality, I like the one that's less drastic and keeps the grace while still being badass. The shot is better, the expression is more realistic, it's a lot more graceful, and she looks like a total badass. Mission accomplished in my book!   As for MF let's not even pretend she's not a slut. That's her MO from day friggin 1, which you carefully avoided by posting only her square. Granted, it's that exact square and splash which got me playing her, and I do miss it! But her shirt is just. so. tiny, and the ab game is pretty intense.
0	During my senior year of High School me and some friends decided that it would be fun to explore DC (we lived near there on the Virginia side), and one of the places we went was the Library of Congress. I got a card and immediately requested Playboy Redheads. I was rejected, and sad. So i found out how to get porn and was told I needed a letter from a teacher saying that the request was for scholarly purposes. Two weeks later, and through some half truths I had my English teacher sign off on a paper that allowed me to track the progression of the concept of beauty and how it was determined by the images sold to us. I went back to the library of congress filled out request form, and was promptly given my glorious book. Nothing is better then walking over to pick up your playboy, while the history major library attendants look to see which perv ordered playboy.
0	The science behind this additionally explains why careful parents can end up leaving their children I their cars. What occurs here is that you are mainly using different parts of your brain; your basal ganglia to less than consciously drive while using your hippocampus to provide actual thought. The basal ganglia deals with natural routes and routines, and one can train it to do new things like help with, say, routes during driving. Now this is where your brain becomes the biggest scumbag on the planet. When parents can go to take their kids to daycare in the morning,, sometimes the basal ganglia (which is very small by the way) takes over and sends them on their usual route to their workplace, or their local grocery, etc. Hell, this can even continue as they walk into the facility and do what they would normally do. The basal ganglia conveniently sends one along, as you think about the plot twist on your favorite show, or how your wife's back condition has been deteriorating, or how your infant daughter is... Oh shit. Your daughter. And thats's how it ends. That's when your brain switches off the autopilot and you are back to regular conscious thought. That's where your basal ganglia should just shut up and walk away for a while.
1	There's a huge misconception within the league community that the game is flooded with bots. Most of the higher end 'black market' sellers create custom games and have 10 bots play each other. It's REALLY rare (or its a shitty seller) that you get a bot in your game. I know some of you might have, but it's like literally 1% of the actual bots. I know this because I've bought 2 Unranked lvl 30's. I'll look at the match history and it's all custom 10 bots playing each other. This is a better alternative than me stomping new players in the low levels, as well as the fact that I simply don't want to play 300+ games to get to level 30.
1	are you talking about the new jungle items for next season or this season??   because if your talking about next season their arn't any snowball combinations. riot are increasing the difficulty of the jungle monsters so you HAVE to have a jungle item inorder to jungle, this locks off laners from taking farm from the jungle.   the buffs from the jungle items only compliment jungle playstyle's. they dont give the jungler's overpowered stats, if anything they can now give cost effective stats to the junglers because the items are locked to jungler's only and cant be abused by laners   IF EVERY JUNGLER GETS A BUFF NOONE DOES.   to give an example nunu gets quicksmite so he now farms like a god getting him ahead. lee sin gets the gank item and farms the enemy champions even more effectly, he gets ahead. shaco buys the counterjungle item, he now farms the enemy jungle faster then before and gets more gold, he gets ahead. nautilus buys the aoe smite item, his slower aoe jungle clear is now increased giving him more farm then before, he can now gank more often. basicly fills the one weakness tank junglers have, he gets ahead
1	So i'm a main ADC for about 2 Years now. Currently Gold 4, S3 Gold2/3.   I've been thinking a lot about the upcomming changes and i have a lot of things i'd like to share.   I think  Ezreal  will be seen more often, due to the fact that "blue" bild is gonna be better i think. A Muramana combinded with the Essence Reaver would be pretty good on Ezreal. Essence Reaver is gonna be somewhere between the old BT and the even older Elder Lizard Blue Builds we knew. I'm not sure if Frozen Gaunlet will be in here or not, the new Botrk could also Match pretty good with Ezreal due to the fact BotRK Passiv procs on Ezreals Q. Muramana + 8% Current HP could hurt.   I was a main  Graves  player back in S3, had over 200 games with him so im personally think Graves could be relavent again.  He already got some slight Buffs some Patches ago, and the Rune changes also was sort of a buff for him. Giving him HP or HP/lvl Runes insted of Armor is pretty good on him, because of his passiv which makes the HP even more cost efficent. I think you can still buy a Bloodthrister on him. Because his low range the Shield BT is gonna give him plus his passiv and HP Runes gonna make him quite a beef guy to deal with, even for Brusiers. Not really sure how his DPS is gonna be. Maybe Toplane Graves could be viable, with sort of a BT, Cleaver Build.   I also think  Sivir  could make a return. I feel like the new BT fits her, same like Graves. Because of her Sort Range and lake of an Escape a Shield could be pretty neat. You can disagree with me, but the new Ghostblade could be good on her aswell. Combining her ult and her passiv with the active of Ghostblade should make her a pretty sick kiting machine. The additional Armor Pen on Ghostblade should make her Q hit harder.   To be honest i have no idea where  Vayne  is going to stand after the update. The change to BotRK are going to affect Vayne in both ways. The nerfs on Lifesteal and active will make her early game even worse, but the buffs on the passiv dmg will make her late game even more terrifing. It is probalby going down on "survive lane, get into mid-late game, carry hard". Maybe Ghostblade on Vayne after BotrK for additional Kiting potencial?   About  Caitlyn . Well i think if people continue to build a BT on her, she will probably stay where she was. High range ADC with average damage, but if people start to Build IE (what i prefered to do even befor this patch) i feel like that could strengthen Caitlyns mid-game. Staying in the Back, dishing out crits, while you kite bruiser who try to kill you.   Same goes for  Ashe . IE is a Item made for Ashe. Because of her passiv and her +4% attackspeed per Level Scaling, IE was already a really strong Item on her compeared to some weird people who thought BT is a good choice on Ashe... seriously why would you ever want to build a fucking BT on Ashe? If you need the Livesteal BotrK is better in every way for her and don't tell me its for the AD Scalings on her W...  Ashe always was the crit procing kiting machine. period. She definitly gets stronger with the new Patch, Question is just if people will play her (and stop build a BT...)   In the End of S3 and the Start of S4 i was a  Corki  Main. My corebuild was always Triforce + Sorce shoes  (sounds weird, but ad corki still does retarded amounts of magic dmg, in fact ad corki does more magic dmg then physical dmg)  followed by either BT, IE, BotrK or even LW. The cool thing about Corki is that after a Triforce, you can build pretty much whatever you want, or rather whatever you need You could probably even make a Triforce/Essence Reaver Build work on him. Corki could make most Item changes work on him, because he is such a alrounder, but nothing is really a big boost to Corki. I feel like he will just remain where he is, maybe a bit higher. Definitly not a high priority pick.   Kog'maw  could probably be on the rise. In fact he already is. A IE, BotrK Build would dish out tremendously ridicilous amounts of damage. A %Max HP Ability + 8% Current HP from Botrk + 250% crits & 80AD from IE would just be disgusting. He still has his weakness that he has little to no escape, which makes him vunerable to assasins and gap closers. The Warden/Omen nerfs could come in pretty nicly for him to do some kiting. I also feel like Ghostblade could be pretty neat on him. Attkspd and Movement Steroid for 6 Seconds. Most Teamfights are over in 6 Seconds anyway, especially if you have a Kog with IE and BotrK.   To be honest, i really suck at  Draven . So i can't and won't talk to much about him. But as Top comments says. A Draven with some lucky Crits from Ghostblade or IE (or both) would be pretty ridicoulus. One axe and a quater life or even more gone. You fucking wh00t m4t3.   I can't say much about  Lucian ,  Twitch ,  Tristana  ,  MF  and  Varus . Lucian and Twitch are going to get nerfs we don't know about yet. Could make them Trash Tier, could make them normal, or still godtier. I don't know. For Tristana i'm unsure. Could go in any direction. I personally think they should remake Tristanas abilities. Either make her a full AP Assassin or a "real" ADC. Right now You can build both, but can't be both. The abilities of Late-game AD tristana just feel weird. They are kinda useless in terms of dmg, since none of them scales with AD. You are just this long range 90% Attkspd Steriod Auto Attacking Girl. Make her abilities (or at least some) scale with ad and reduce the attackspeed steriod to maybe 40-50% something. For MF and Varus im compleatly clueless. Maybe they gonna rise, maybe they gonna be trash tier. None of the Changes are really god Tier for them, but they aren't useless also. So i don't know.   Ardent Censer  and  Mikael's Crucible  probably are going to make sustain-mage supports rise. I pretty sure  Janna  is going to be God tier support. Ardent Censer is litterly made for Janna, since Janna has a Shield AND a AoE Heal. 40% Attkspd Buff for 6 Seconds for all and lastly the 8% Movementspeed synergizes with Jannas passivs. Also Supports like Nami, Sona, Karma, Soraka, Lulu, Alistar, even Nidalee and Lux Supports are getting more usefull with just a Ardent Censer. I believe that Ardent Censer will get nerfed pretty soon with something like  "If the Heal is AoE it only affects the nearest allied champion"  or something. Janna, Soraka and Alistar can give ther whole Team a 40% Attkspd Buff for 6 Seconds WTF, thats gonna be nerfed 100%. With this in mind, Hard Carry ADC like Vayne, Kog, Twitch will have a sustain support by their side which can peel for them and give them a 40% attkspd buff, which also makes them probably better after this Patch.
1	Dont play ranked. Unless you aspire to be a pro player, who gives a single f*ck about a 4 digit number? Sure, it may show your skill, but at the end of the day, going through  insults, trolls, children, flamers, unlucky games and other foolery just for a rating ain't worth it. Play normal draft, or if you really want to get into ranked, get a regular friend that you can trust.
0	she's teaching a method   That's the problem with math education. There's something much more valuable to give. It's the source of mathematics, the generative insight behind the methods. Pretty much nobody teaches it directly. I'm not even sure it can be taught directly. It can, however, get stamped out - say, by punishing those who play around with the ideas instead of staying within the box.   I've realized that about 80% of why I'm good at math is from how I approached math classes as a child. I didn't simply sit and practice waiting for the teacher to write or say things that made sense. I didn't simply memorize. I didn't take notes, either. What I did was take the ideas that got presented, played around with them, and made them my own. What I got wasn't exactly what was taught, but it helped me far more than rote memorization would.
1	Garen, Renekton or Riven" = good champs, that doesn't lose early. Akali's problem is that if she doesn't win her lane early (hard?) she is useless.   I used to play alot irelia ("carried" me from lvl 1-30), if i got killed before level 7 the lane was lost. But if i survived until level < 7, we won't be able to kill each other, but every trade will be equal, but irelia will heal up with her w so irelia will win the lane
1	To be honest, all you have to do is to play. Not every game is carriable, but most are.   When it comes to toxic persons, I either mute them or just let them play whatever they want, untill the tribunal has been worked out and/or a harder punishment-system has come to light.   I doubt someone's MMR is lower given the fact they're toxic though.   Also, judging by your match history, it's not like you're stomping your lane.
1	The only thing I'm damaging is his shitty ego if he wants to give to charity he will either way, if he wants to reach higher elo he'll simply name change and not stream. The only reason he gives to charity is so he gets out of that shit storm he's in, so he has a way to excuse himself so people at least feel sorry for him.   If I told you that I've given to charity will it make either of my points more valid?
0	I have had to ease myself into exercise.  I started with a healthy diet, and have lost 30 pounds doing that alone.  Now that I am down so far, I have been able to run for 30 minutes solid, which when I was bigger would have hurt me.  A lot of my failed attempts at losing weight (4 or 5 times over the last 7 years) have been because I started exercising and hurt myself, and then never did it again.  I learned to eat healthy, lost a bunch of weight, and now I can run and lift weights with ease, and never feel hurt afterwords.  I am the run of the mill fat dude, 320 most of my life, recent years I was down to 275 and never moved.  Now I am 246, and still losing it.  I had all kinds of reasons why I was fat, all kinds of reasons why I would always be fat.  It is a true all around change, and from this couch potato, game playing geek, it is fucking possible.  I have had all the docs tell me I have depression, anxiety, stress, and some fat people use that as a crutch to why they can't start.  It is easy as fuck to lose weight.  Get over it, throw the chips and microwave burgers away, and start moving around a bit more often.
1	Quick question.   That "may be cropped" business with the red border: How "may" is may? Is it always cropped? Usually? Sometimes? I used that Diana/Leona art that IronStylus posted not that long ago and since it's already halved, the edge of the image needed to lined up right with that red border.
1	Well, it all means different stuff in different companies, but for most, software engineer is a glorified term for code monkey.  The real reason: I had a PM at my first job who told me to never call myself a software developer because it sounds like you don't have a plan.   As far as the masters or PhD being worth it, that's really up to you.  For US citizens, I feel that a Masters or PhD is more about personal academic achievement than monetary gain.  Coming from other countries where competition may be more fierce (asia for example), the Masters and PhD will help get your foot in the door and may be a better value.   My advice to college students in CS is to learn what they want to focus on, then focus on it through the open source community on GitHub.  If you like Java and want to be an enterprise Java developer, try to find a fun Spring project to contribute to on GitHub.  If you want to be a UI guy, look for a JavaScript project (pref with a focus on one of the hot modules, like jQuery or ExtJS).  In short, if you want to be a programmer, then program at least 2 hours a week on projects outside of school.  I guarantee that most of your peers aren't doing that and it will give you a massive advantage.   The reason I got my first job wasn't because of achievements or accolades (I had none), but it was because I could talk about projects I worked on with passion.  Like an artist, I think all good programmer candidates should have a portfolio that they can discuss during interviews.
0	While I agree that there is an implied request for eye attention when sporting something with flashy lettering or imagery on the well-fit rear of a pair of pants, there is a certain etiquette to follow that definitely helps one to not feel like a creep and to not appear like a creep to others.   1) It's definitely OK to look. We have eyes and we certain aesthetics are pleasing for a very good reason; It's completely natural to enjoy looking at the nice features of other people   2) If you look, just enjoy the brief moment during which you can gaze upon their lovely feature. You shouldn't be straining to see or looking back over your shoulder. Enjoy what's been put before you in a polite and mostly-discrete manner.   3) If the person whose feature you are appreciating sees your fixated eyes, make sure to give them a gentle, friendly smile and perhaps see yourself out of the situation if the attention does not seem as appreciated as you were hoping.
1	Don't worry i am too. I played a game as AP teemo (recently bought and loving him) and right from the beginning i knew my teammates would be assholes. I clicked teemo and didn't lock in as usual and my team instantly started saying "OMG PLS NO TEEEMO HE IS SO BAD" and stuff like "OMG FUCKING NOOB PLS DONT PICK TEEMO" so right there i locked in. They don't know me, or my play style. Once i locked in they were saying "pls atleast go ad teemo" so i told em i'd play how i wanted to.   around 2 minutes i was 5-2-10 because the xin zhao that told me i stucked was audacious charging all my kills and ksing like crazy. I'd ignite someone and hit em with my poison and as they would run away xin would charge them and ks them. Game ended and i was like 7-3-15 (surrendered) and we won. I said "I guess i'm not so bad as teemo since i'm the only one with greater than 2:1 kd." they said "no you still suck we carry"
1	For those that can't access facebook:   >7 straight wins.  7 straight losses.   >I'm sure a lot of people are interested in knowing what's going on in the team and I felt like it was a good moment to share another couple of feelings and thoughts about our recent performance.   >First off, we managed to grab 7 decisive wins in a row, some close ones some rather one-sided, but we always managed to be on the winning side.   >I believe at one point it got to our heads, like any human being probably would've, and we started preparing less for the games and our practice quality got lower and lower, which should never happen.   >This ended up with us losing a lot of games in a row, where 6/7 of the last games where mainly out of team-coordination issues, with the exception of yesterday's performance versus CPHWOLVES where we lost only due to individual mistakes. I also believe all of the other teams in the EU LCS are really good and I'm not taking anything away from anyone, and I'd like to give props to those for playing well and showing passion towards the game.   >Going back to the team-coordination issue, where we lack decisive call making, aggressive movement paths and superior rotations which was our strengths in the first weeks. I believe it all comes down to confidence level where after winning so much and then suddenly losing, the confidence among us got shattered.   >I'd there-for like to ask you guys to write some positive comments towards my teammates to boost their confidence level, tell them they are the best as long as they want to be the best, I'm sure they would appreciate it as much as I would.   >Last off, I'd like to say that we're gonna work harder then ever, dedicate and put effort into the game and make all of you guys proud to be a FNATIC supporter.   >
1	I recommend maining 1 character to get yourself up some elo. Once you reach platinum you will get matched with players who have a completely different mindset than the lower elo's. Strategies like split pushing actually work there whereas when you lure 5 people to your lane in lower elo's your other lanes are too dumb to understand they shouldn't freeze and they could have already gotten their inhibitor turret.   At higher levels a lot of new strats come into play. People know how fast baron/dragon can be done too etc. The biggest difference between higher and lower elo's isn't just the mechanical skills, it's people communicating and making calls, whereas that barely happens in the lower elo's.
0	Value  JUDGEMENTS .. on that we fully agree...   and I say, everyone is responsible for their OWN. From those judgements we create our emotional state, and it does not always have anything to do with reality.   Ok, cunt, pussy, all that.. "What a fucking DICK!"  yah, I get you.  We are speaking the same language there.   What I object to is the very factual, actually scientific term "male" and "female" being assigned such charged connotations.   I reject it completely. Female and Male are simple descriptors.  I understand if YOU, in your own personal judgement, find it differently, but I find it completely ok.   Male and female are adjetives, that is true.. unless we are talking about A male, or A female.   I am a male of the species homo sapien. You are a female of that species.  hmm... I kinda get where you're coming from, but I just cannot get behind it like you are.   In the end, it all comes down to our own internal ideas and upbringing. I have no problem being called Male. I do not find it demeaning in the slightest.   I am very interested in why YOU find it that way.  And I  very  much appreciate you describing your ideas so respectfully (as opposed to so many here). You are not trying to shame anyone for thinking differently. That shows respect for others, and mirriors the respect you have for yourself in turn.  A very mature attitude. Very refreshing to see!   That is basically what I am saying about "creepy". It seems exactly the same to me.  It has VERY LITTLE to do with the OTHER person, and everything to do with our own internal ideas and judgements of people or situations, and the feelings WE create in OURSELVES because of those judgements.   I disagree that "a female" or "a male" is a misunderstanding when talking about an individual.  That is my personal take on things. I describe women and girls, men or boys as male or female all the time. Sorry if you don't understand that meaning like I do, but yah... to put it bluntly, I don't really care. :)   I have no problem being a male. I think it is not right or wrong, just reality.  Right or wrong is (in my eyes) 99.9% personal judgement.   I take responsibility for my OWN judgements though, and the feeling I create in MYSELF because of them. So I can also be interested in YOURS.  If we hung out a lot and I know you have some personal hangup about the words male and female, I MIGHT just use other words, even if I found it less effective or factual.   What I protest to is when people try to push their own personal judgements on others.  Such as "creepy" or "slut".... the other examples fit too.. cunt, dick.   (vagina, pussy, cunt, dick, describing actual physical body parts, that has nothing to do with it. It is when we describe people JUDGMENTALLY with them that problems come up. Agreed?)
1	The reason you "will probably never git out of Silver IV" has nothing to do with trolls in Champion Select. Everybody who has gone through silver has played through that player base, and a whole lot of us have gone through it just fine (yes some who main support as well).   Judging by your attitude in this post you likely respond negatively to a pick that looks outside the meta. In my experience, playing outside the meta does not dramatically decrease your odds of winning at lower MMR; what does, however, is players becoming toxic.   Try toning down your negative responses to picks you don't like. You will probably see an increase in your win rate. Winning in solo queue is far more about learning how to work amicably with random teammates and avoiding negativity game after game than about building the perfect comp in champ select.
1	LCS -->  The LCS players play to win and thus use the OP.  It follows that RIOT (probably already know cause they play it too) will nerf.  Leaving a character OP breaks the game.  This is not the league of jungle Lee Sin/Elise/Panth.   Win rate -->  Win Rate doesn't show how good a champion is.  Lots of people play the OP champion, most of them are not good at it.  Talon used to have a very high win rate and probably still does because only Talon Masters play him.  Talon OP, pls nerf?   Nerfs -->  RIOT nerfs what is unfair.  Examples:     Vi's clear was faster than Shy's with 1 or no damage items and her ganks were multiple times stronger. Didn't you wonder why everyone played Vi?  She did was J4 used to do: build only tank items yet still do large %health damage with AS steroids and armor pen, a shield, wall hop, pinning ultimate.     Panth can ult in from half map away at 6... and you can't predict the attack because he comes from jungle (TF is mid lane so if you can't see him you can pull back).  Nocturne can't ult to max range till 16.     Elise and Lee Sin both have infinite jungle sustain, do massive %health or huge flat hunks of damge to monsters (their Q + Smite can do hundreds more than other junglers at basically no cost), and have mobility/cc when they gank or run.  ...Where is the weak point?  Lee's late game isn't great but they're buffing it.  100% free AS on flurry?  0_0
0	Theyre doing it to make themselves feel better because they sit back home, putting up yellow ribbons, spouting psudo patriotic jingoisms, knowing full well the wars for cheap gas for their jacked up trucks getting 8mpg wont cost them the lives of any of THEIR loved ones.
1	All these nay sayers to voice chat and people making stupid videos about how the game would be with voice chat and such... it's not true.   Fact is, it is WAY easier to be an asshole and make rude comments or harrass someone by chatting. "Keyboard warriors". But when they hear your voice it will be a whole different story because it's another level of personal involvement with your teammates. Even if you don't plan on talking back, just HEARING your teammates automatically makes you act calmer and reconsider typing out certain things that would go through without hesitation in chat-only.
0	What you're trying to redefine as  not  foreskin is  still  foreskin. My table above still rebuts your previous statement concerning the matter as well.
1	Pop the enter key out of your keyboard every game.   On a serious note, examine yourself, people are going to suck in solo queue at all Elos and there's not a god damn thing you can do about it. You will lose because of this and it can't be helped. You can make plays that will win games and you can redeem things, but what's really most important is to have fun and learn what you can do to be better, if you learned something you did wrong in an otherwise lost game then you can take something positive from it that you couldn't before.
1	Why is it devaluing anything? I'm not getting places higher than I deserve to be. I'm just actually getting there. I played ranked all last year. I was Bronze until after the end of the season. I was playing Silver 3 - 1 MMR. I had Duo'd with a friend quite a bit. After the season ended, I kept playing, and barely made Silver 5 after months of being in Bronze 1 and failing promotions. Once in, I shot up to promos in 3 games. But was still playing Silver 2-1 guys so was kept out of Silver 4. Why? After months of playing, I gained a single league even though my MMR is the same as those at Silver 2. So if I'm at a Silver 2 MMR, why is it near impossible to get there without being able to spam games? I'm not asking for it to be easier to gain LP. I'm not asking for the MMR rankings to me adjusted. I'm not asking for anyone to hold my hand. What I'm asking for is a fair system. I will deal with having to play a large number of games to get into Promotions. But once there, I expect my promotion to hinge on whether or not I belong in the next division higher, not if I can hang with people 2-5 divisions higher.
0	Rich kids don't have the market cornered on being total douchebags.  I was once friends with a guy who got fired and was getting kicked out on the street.  My roommates and I talked about it, and decided that not only were we gonna lend him some money, but we were gonna let him and his girlfriend stay with us for a month or two while they got back on their feet.   Cut to four months later, they are BOTH still unemployed and penniless, and leeching off of everyone around them constantly.  My friend had gotten a couple of jobs, and made a few bucks, but couldn't hold them down for reasons that weren't entirely his fault, so we were still being understanding.  But that raging whore of a girlfriend of his was making ZERO fucking effort, and was STILL walking around with her nose in the air, complaining about the quality of the FREE meals we were serving, and contributing nothing but her shitty attitude.  And then, to top it all off, while discussing where next to apply for a job, (this is, by the way, a 21 year old first year university dropout, with no real experience, and NO marketable skills) we suggest applying at a Tim Horton's (the Canadian version of Dunkin' Donuts, I guess?).  She scoffs at this and says, and I quote, "I'm not gonna work at a Tim Horton's, I have integrity!"   It just so happens that I had a really good friend who actually DID work at Tim Horton's at that exact time, in order to pay her way through school (she has since graduated and is a successful animator, and still as awesome as ever, woooooot!).  But alas I had been repeatedly told, over the course of the months leading up to that day, as my patience waned and my irritation at this piece of garbage's unbelievable sense of entitlement grew, to hold my tongue in order to spare our friend being put in an awkward position.   Now, those who know me will tell you that I am a devout humanist, and that I strive pretty relentlessly to give people the benefit of the doubt.  To rethink my initial knee-jerk reactions, attempting to look past the actions to the motivations eliciting those acts.  To forgive people for what seem like unforgivable misdeeds, because illness, fear, rage, and just plain poor information can make just about anyone do some absolutely horrific and uncharacteristic things.  I am the first to advocate mercy, and the last to be moved to violence, be it physical or otherwise. But that... fucking... bitch.  To this day one of my biggest regrets in life is not standing up that very moment, and unleashing the vicious, derisive, incisive, savage, and ruthless tide of honesty that would have left her a quaking, tearful, hollow, permanently scarred emotional wreck.  I still have a visceral reaction, even years later, as I remember the lost opportunity.
0	I used to volunteer at a suicide hotline. I talked to lots of people going through various degrees of trouble. About a dozen or 2 within a 4 hour window. Something a lot of people don't realize is that these hot lines are not just for those contemplating suicide. Most of the time the people calling were just looking for someone to relate to and/or bounce ideas off of. The biggest reason why people call is because they feel lost at the moment and need to talk to someone who will just shut up and listen. Usually when a person in general talks to their friends or someone they know about an issue they are having, that person will start to give them advice or turn that conversation into a conversation about themselves. At suicide hotlines, the people working the phones are trained to listen and empathize vs giving advice.   I personally make it a point to tell my friends and acquaintances who are going through a tough time, that if they ever want to talk to someone anonymously they should consider calling the hotline. It is a fantastic resource. A little known fact, the hotline will always ring at the facility closest to your location based on your area code. Also, the facility will most likely also cover CPS (child protective services after hours),  APS (adult protective services after hours) and 211 (health and human services hotline). Because of this, the suicide hotline will have phone numbers for resources in your area that may be able to help I.e. food pantries, low cost therapists, free tax services, handicapped transport, etc. Something even more awesome is that you can access the suicide hotline online chat room if you don't want to talk to someone on the phone. Finally, if you know someone who is thinking about suicide but they won't call, you can call yourself and get a quick training as to how to approach your friend/family member.   Anyone going through a tough time or know someone who is should consider calling the hotline. This is a legitimate resource that is highly under utilized.  Something to remember is that you will not be judged or "get in trouble" for calling as long as you legitimately need someone to talk to.
0	Well the first receipt would come in at $100 and he/she would bring it over to cash it in. Most people leave money and get up so I assume this person would only do this if he/she has seen the person(s) leave knowing they don't want a final receipt. It's very possible OP is just sloppy and does it without looking and will likely get caught.   It's also possible someone will come back in and ask for a second receipt but I'm sure you could say "you left without getting your change I gave you %10 off" or something.
1	All of the comments here are pointing out the right and wrongs of leaving, I say let the team decide.   What about that one player that thinks a 4v5 team could still win the game, should he get punished for that 20% of a chance?   The current surrender vote system might be a little rusty but it provide a good estimation about the willing of one team to keep playing, even with less than 5 people   Imo, the change that should be happening is that if one player leaves( for a 2-5 minutes) during the 0-20 minutes time frame, team surrendering should be available.
0	At most frat parties in college it's (nearly) impossible to get alcohol as a male, if you're not a part of the fraternity. One time I attended a frat party with a few friends (a mix of males and females) and one of my female friends offered to grab me a drink by pretending it was for her. It was the only drink I had that night. I have memories of maybe 15-30 minutes after starting the drink, then I woke up the next day on my buddy's couch at like 3 in the afternoon. They said I was up and behaving normally, but just crashed on the couch the minute we got back to their place.
1	I wouldn't be surprised if you've already thought of this. What If you could see the honor you were getting (and maybe your team's honor too) in the score screen. That way you could see when your teammates honor you, and be more likely to honor other people. As is stands now, some people never give out honor (and admitted it), while others like to honor everyone who deserves it, but nobody knows if their teammates are nice enough to do so until after they leave, and by then you can't change your mind. It would also encourage discussion after the fact when you realize "Hey, I'm surrounded by nice people who didn't talk a lot in game so I never noticed."
1	Yeah, this is another reason I wouldn't edit that file. Shit gets weird. I think what happened is that by changing it, you made the client check with the NA servers to update and got a few of the files from there.   Try a reinstall, make sure to install to a different directory. What you want to do instead is go to the Chinese league folder, then go to /Game/DATA/Menu/ and find fontconfig_en_US.txt and fontconfig_zh_CN.txt   Backup your zh_CN.txt file and rename the en_US.txt file to the Chinese copy. So in the end you end up with a backed up Chinese file, and your US file renamed to fontconfig_zh_CN.txt.   This will get all of your in game stuff in English, without messing up the game. It will likely break the font, but if you don't care then whatever. There are a few more steps to fix the font, if you'd like.   Edit : An update for anyone who wants to fix the font when you do this... Go to the original Chinese fontconfig file, and copy all of the font information. IIRC it should be lines 2-5 of the file. Just open it up, copy those lines. It is the lines referring to the fonts to use, just before the game text starts.   Once you do that, go to your new renamed fontconfig file, the one with English text that is renamed to zh_CN... replace those same lines in that file with the stuff you just copied. This will keep the Chinese fonts, but replace the Chinese text in game with the English text. So you get all English text, but can still type/read the Chinese if you want.   So a
0	I made the mistake of working on a project roughly similar to this when I was right out of college. I accepted the job through Elance, and the budget was $200 for 2-3 days of work.   The fucking idiot employer kept changing her mind. I would make a 100% complete deliverable, and she would immediately decide that she didn't like her concept, and would request that we scrap it all and start from scratch. She did this once a week for 12 weeks. Towards the end I started refusing to make changes and she complained to Elance, saying that I was breaching our contract. I argued that she had misrepresented the project since day 1, and had gone $1,500 over budget. Elance ruled in my favor, told her to pay me, and in response she closed her account, told me that she was moving to Israel, and to never contact her again. Never got the money (not even the $200).
1	I disconnected from a game 4 hours ago and haven't tried to get back on cause of the rage. For whatever reason I make it to champ select. Once its ready, I get the firewall error from Riot's end of tech.   I feel like most people wont get loss forgiveness because there are sooo many players have been dealing with this problem.
0	About a day or two ago I had been having a bit of a thing with this girl. We are both in high school. In school we are alone and I convinced her to hang out with me after school that day to make out. I decide to try and give her a kiss in school and she pulls away. Afterwards she says "I wanted you to kiss me!" After making note of this skip to that afternoon. After a bit of making out I say she should give me an HJ. She is against it. I proceed to push her off (She was straddling me while kissing). After that I begin to undo my belt. I put her hand on my crotch after removing each layer so she is comfortable with it and I give her the ability to protest. Once my pants were off she didn't. Pay attention. Some girls like it that way. If they do then test the waters, but if they start really being against it, then stop. I would say 3 tries. If she still doesn't want it, give up.
1	This happened to me twice yesterday and I know why.   On my library computers, your headphones must be plugged in before the loading screen pops up, or they won't work for the entire match. If you forget to plug in your headphones, then you must alt+f4 and reconnect if you want sound.   Because I forgot to plug in my headphones before the loading screen, I alt+f4'd and started loading before everyone had finished loading. When i got in game, i experienced the same glitch.
1	Nothing, they're a relatively new lineup and keeping everything in perspective, they've outperformed all expectations.
0	What if I told you(.jpg) it's not always the Business's fault?  As a Small Business Owner (aka-"The Backbone of America") who has Seasonal Hours, every several months I have to go through a multitude of websites/online presences to change them.  Our "actual" website, Google, Google+, Facebook, Yelp, Superpages, Yext(?), Bing(!?), Yahoo (just to name several...I have a list that I check down every time there's a change).  Anywhere there is a "listing" for my business...whether I wanted it there or not (my god, there are some terrible sites that want to charge me money to "get correctly listed"-yeah, right), I have to update & change anything from Hours to "what we do".  Once I do that, the change can take place anywhere from 1 day to 2 weeks or more (or never, depending on the site).   Heaven forbid, too, there's any sort of Address Change (which I've had 2 of in the past 10 years due to changes in the road) and I have to guide someone in because the GPS is not getting them EXACTLY to my front door (trust me...I want you to come in and I want this phone call to be as short as possible...I'm not lying to you on how to get here)!  OR...if you close a location down, you have to make sure that the old location doesn't keep showing up (I'm looking at you Google...here's a  screenshot .  I continually search for the old address to pop up so I can take it down (i.e.-Vendor pages that I haven't had dealings with for 5/10/15 years).  It's always awesome getting a phone call from someone telling me, "Well...I'm here in front of your [old] place [1/2 hour away] as it's listed on quickr.org (WTF?!?!?!)...and you're not here!!!  You should be more in touch with your online presence!!!  0/10...would not shop there"
1	Hello there fellow summoner! I subscribed to join you on your little crusade!   First of all, i've played Karma for a long time myself, since around mid 2011 i think, i won't lie and say i've been an avid karma player, i haven't, i scarcely use her in fact! However i do love her, and he play style, i too endured the "omg troll" and all such terms used. Heck, once i got a pentakill playing Karma mid, there were no wp's or gj's. Just "Report karma i did all the damage stole my penta". A little unjust i'd think, but i've sucked it up, it's partly the hate to karma that made me love her.   Karma is unique, and a champion i'll play if i really want to win, i've only played her in normals, true, not in ranked, i feared i'd never get to play her properly there. However when i play her thing go down, enemies and allies alike don't know what i do and i use it! Even if she is weak, she's fun.   For a long time i've dreaded this rework, she'll get better? I like her where she is! she's strong" i'd think, everyone would play her, she'd get popular, everyone would play my precious Karma, i hated that thought, i've grown since then of course, i accept the inevitability that my Karma will become played one day, and i should be happy for her.   I'm not going to split hairs and say who should and shouldn't get a skin, i agree it's off, have a free skin for owning her, and we'll tell you in advance so everyone can buy her? It's almost like Riot is a cars saleman, "buy now, an in 3 months guaranteed we'll provide you with a shiny new coat that you'd normally pay for!" It's grand people may start playing her now, and yes.. i'll agree.. it's a shame people have bought themselves in to doing this, to take advantage of what seems like such an oversight. However, hold strong, no matter riot's choice, YOU know you're a true Karma player, YOU retain those memories, YOU have suffered for this. And even it's unjust, you have been with her to this day, and whatever happens, thanks to your suffering, future players whom try to learn Karma, will not suffer the same way, thanks to players like yourself whom have kept her candle alive!
0	There's a difference between, "White men can't dance," which is a stereotype, and "White men are not allowed on the dance team, because they can't dance," which is discrimination based on a stereotype. Indeed, many stereotypes are rather innocuous, or even complimentary. "Asians are good at math."  It's not strictly true, but it's also not an insult. It stems from the tendency for Asian immigrants to push their children to do well in school, particularly in math and science.   Racism,  how we generally mean it, manifests as an intense dislike,  outside  of any one reason.  Thinking all Asians are good at math is maybe a little racist, but it doesn't mean you harbor ill-will toward Asians.  Someone who is  racist  against onions,  dislikes  all onions.  Racial stereotypes are not the racism itself, but the way that racism is expressed. After all, nobody who is racist is going to say, "Why do I hate onion people? I dunno, I just do."  They'll say, "Onions smell, they're dumb, and they're less nutritious than other tubers."  These blanket stereotypes are a mixture of truth, quasi-truth, and downright untruth, and they serve the racist quite well.   Hopefully it's becoming clear that stereotypes and racism are tightly intertwined, and they are.  Racism, sexism, and every other -ism gives rise to stereotype, lots of them, and they're almost universally  negative  and  not very true.   I won't say 'completely untrue' because even many racist stereotypes have a grain of truth.  Of course, those grains of truth are almost always based on  culture , not on race, gender, etc, and racism blows them way out of proportion.   When you're racist, you'll find your racist beliefs reinforced at every turn.  "Blacks are loud and rude." "White males are all racist, privileged assholes."  "Women can't drive."  Every loud black person represents all black people. Every time a white guy talks about race you instantly point to how typically racist and privileged he is. Every time a woman drives 5 below you roll your eyes. Or god, heaven forbid its an  old ,  Asian   woman  trying to drive!  Nevermind the scores of people that don't fit the stereotype that you filter out, probably subconsciously.  Since everyone is a little bit racist, most people tend to only see the stereotypes they believe, and dismiss as 'racist' anyone who has a different point of view.   More importantly, someone who is  racist  is unwilling to accept any evidence or person that doesn't fit their prejudices, which is an important distinction from someone who simply holds a very negative stereotype.  For example, many waiters and waitresses end up having very negative stereotypes of certain classes of people. Truckers, rednecks, inner-city poor people, tourists, it depends on the person and location. The waitress gets used to certain behavior from these groups.  And yes, sometimes the common factor is race, but that doesn't mean the waitress has always secretly been racist and just needed a few hundred bad customers to bring it out of them.  Most of them would be perfectly happy to serve and interact with someone from their 'problem' group who they felt was polite and respectful.   I say all of this to go back to the concept of  stereotypes.   Most stereotypes exist because of the truth in them.  Many stereotypes are extremely important for our well-being. Another poster mentioned that whenever gypsies come into his store they have to send someone to watch them and another to the cameras, because they've been shoplifted from by gypsies so many times.  "Thieving gypsies" is a stereotype. You can call him racist if you want, but the reality is that storekeeper is using a stereotype to judge when he needs to be more vigilant. And he's right.  Should he simply no longer allow gypsies in his store? Would  that  be racist?  What if he just called the cops every time one came in? What if gypsies had been robbing so many stores in town that the town stopped allowing them in altogether? Does that make the town racist?  Stereotypes can lead to racism, just as racism can lead to stereotypes.   Understanding stereotypes is critical to having a robust comprehension of racism.  The two dance a nearly inseparable waltz, but each has unique factors that make it distinct from the other.
1	Tier 1 runes are fine and should not be deleted. They're so cheap in comparison to tier 2 runes that it barely dents your ip wallet. The trick to them is picking only one stat: 100 ip for a Free Faerie charm every game? Sure! 100 ip for (with masteries) for a free Long Sword? Sound good! Although Riot should make an in-game tip stating that tier 1 runes are only useful if used as a single stat.   Tier 2 runes on the other hand are the noob trap; way too expensive for something that won't be used for long after completing the purchase. Riot should either remove these, or make these in particular be upgradeable as others have mentioned.
1	you are playing a game with 9 more people, if you annoy them the problem is you, not them.  as i said, there are regulations in the game and those regulations are really simple, my
1	Is he still considered a professional? I'm genuinely curious about this. He was a professional player at one point in time, but now he isn't good enough to play for a professional team (at least in terms of LCS and such since he isn't on a team anymore), so is he still considered a professional? Or is it more like he WAS a professional LoL player?   Are people considered professionals forever if they make it to the "pros" for at least 1 season or something? Or are people only considered pro's as long as they are in the professional leagues?   Sorry for somewhat repeating myself, but yea...
0	No, I haven't but I've had a great many female partners, and have been (pretty much strictly) monogamous with my wife for over 10 years.  My experience is - the more enthused she is about having a good time, the more willing I am to  ensure  she has a great time.
1	Im not 100% as I don't play often Volibear, But from my experience with the Skarner 'nerf', You have now got about as much time to flash out of his ult as you do have to flash out of Voli Q and Singed E.   Before his ult was like Darius' ult currently is (which I agree is pretty stupid, can't even LoS it...) However his nerf brought him into line with Singed and Voli, which are CC effects, whereas with the Darius ult it's just damage so to a degree I can see why that still effects you.
1	One thing that many are not taking into consideration is how weird League is from a viewers standpoint. It isn't like tennis, golf, or even Starcraft in that it is a team competition, so following a single player seems odd. It also isn't like soccer, football or baseball in that teams are small and player careers (especially player careers on a particular team) are pretty short.   The closest sport that can be compared to is basketball, and in basketball, the stories are rarely about the rivalries, but more frequently about the superstars. The Jordan's, Kobe's, James's, and Faker's.   I mean, I get what he's saying. I just think if you are looking for interesting story lines, you are looking in the wrong places.   Side note: I could be wrong about basketball as my perspective is as a person who watches 3-4 games a year (generally just the finals). Correct me if rivalries are a really big part of the game.   Other side note: I agree with the video in that frequency of meetings is needed for rivalries to develop, but I disagree international competition is the answer. Focusing on domestic completion is better. Think about american football. If the packers didn't play the Vikings, bears, and lions twice a year each, those rivalries wouldn't be as good. Additionally the proximity of the teams means many fans overlap and interact with one another which builds rivalries as well. Meetings between Brady and Manning or Rodgers and Manning aren't the focus of rivalries because the good rivalries go back to before these players even played, and they will continue past when these players play.
1	For all of you downvoting this JUST coz OP wrongly said the first win is on 24 hour basis, please read the full post instead of commenting after reading the first sentence.   He may be wrong about the 24 hour thing, but his suggesting is actually pretty good.   Many a times i find myself working at a different work shift the very nest day. So, if i have a 6am to 4pm shift one, i may have 3pm to 11:30 pm shift the next day.   So i cant get the first win bonus the next day coz 22 hours havent passed, even though technically it is the next day.
0	You're totally right, but I would bet that ops kid does have the balance which is why the kid isn't very interested in the tv. I've never met a kid who wasn't allowed any screen time that didn't become absolutely hypnotized by any screen. One kid I watched who only got screen time when cutting nails or hair(I thought they were a bit crazy) was absolutely screen obsessed, I would pull my phone out and play kids music, and all that's on the screen is a picture of the album cover, and she still could not stop staring at it, I had to put it up high every time.
0	I have a scar from a blowjob gone wrong.   The
0	It is dangerous. I got some in high school that caused me to go off road. I went on a road I never had been before and hit a form. Instead of branching I went straight into a persons front yard. They had a German Shepard that was just laying in the yard; he even continued to lay there with a "what's up" look on his face.  My girlfriend at the time was mortified. Looking back on it she could've bitten my dick off so I suppose I should be thankful.
1	Hey all, I'm a longtime Ryze player, wanted to weigh in with my findings.   First of all, anyone who says that Q-W... is Ryze's best combo is dumb.  It's a common combo, yes, because you frequently need to root, but if you happen to have the time to Q-E-Q-W, then the MR shred by your E makes it the obvious damage winner.  I know that 1v1's and skirmishes make you W early, but in most teamfights (and SOME small fights) you can get off the Q-E (and R in the air).  Maybe you already knew this though, because the focus of this discussion is single-target.   Have to point this out though, your max dps combo is not great.  In your second rotation, after the R (which is instant, no cast time) you could have also cast an E, which would have made your Q be up so the entire combo would be Q-ER-Q-AA.   About fitting basic attacks into your damage rotation...early game yes, late game no.  Although for the sake of discussion, if you have Muramana, then you'll want to throw in a basic attack after two spells, so a quick Q-W-AA, Q-E-AA, Q-R-Q-W-AA would be a realistic fight.   Now to my impressions using the items...Muramana makes you have beast damage and makes your 1v1s even more formidable.  However, that is already a strength of Ryze.  The people that you lose 1v1s to, you will still probably lose them.  The people that you beat 1v1, well you might just be able to stomp them and snowball around to make it worth it.   Seraph's was always in my build as Archangels, and now we have the shield.  My usual Ryze is RoA-FH-WotA-Abyssal Scepter-Seraph's, with Furor Sorc boots.  This Ryze is the "tanky" ryze except with AS to offset the overall low amount of magic pen whilst not sacrificing MR.  I'm never giving up my spell vamp.  Now I have the best turns ever, I've won a few key games by turning, shielding up, Q-ER-Q-W-Q blasts a team and I vamp up 50% of my health before the shield falls.   So for my Ryze, the choice is clear.  To be fair, if there's ever a game where I don't need MR, I will get the second tear for Muramana right after I finish Seraph's.  But otherwise Seraph's is the item for me.   Now I want to look for the situation where Muramana is better.  If Muramana is doing more for you, that means you're doing a lot of fights without your ult, okay, so there's less spellvamp for you.  You're using a lot of time when your spells are on cooldown to autoattack, which means that on an already not-very-mobile champ, you're being less mobile and trying to spend 100% of your time sitting and damaging.   Overall, it seems that Muramana is an item for domination in early- and mid-game phases.  For laning, for lane ganks, yes, Muramana makes you so damn scary.  Otherwise, your primary focus is teamfights and you won't be getting the 1v1, 2v2 skirmish-type fights you need to shine with the increased burst that Muramana gives you.  And that's very much it, Muramana's is good only in specific situations.  Seraph's gives you it's own boost there but is also more synergistic with Ryze's kit, especially his ult.  The shield is arguably the most epic thing to ever happen to Ryze (and Singed, mwahahahahah), so I can't underestimate that.
1	When somebody AFKs in a game for more then 10 minutes it's going to have a negative effect which is extremely hard to reverse and it ends up in ruining the however long the match is for the other 9 (or at least 4, I'm sure some of the enemy team don't care whether its fair). He broke the code, no matter for what reason, he is punished. He has clearly been punished before, has been given a final warning and he refused to learn how to manage his time and refused to properly respect the rules of the game.   Course not!!! And he has not been punished for getting a quick drink, and being in base for more then 10 seconds! It's more like he has been stealing and stealing, given warnings and until the final straw came and he pickpocketed someone on the street. That's a more fair and realistic analogy.   Seriously, if you have an issue with the case, report it to Riot and I am 99.9% certain that they will give you the same explanation and will include the main point of his history being hugely involved.   It would be wrong if that's how tribunal worked, if it was occasional. Clearly it hasn't, there are only a certain number of chances one can receive.   To conclude, yes there are cases where people just spam punish, I recognize that fact (the famous case of Edward, March 2013). However, you're arguing that the tribunal is broken because he has only one report on his case. That is a clear indication that he has had a history of punishments/tribunal cases etc.
0	Warning: This is a purely atheist rambling: If this post offends somebody by the rules of Reddit, please, Mods, delete it!<<   I always hated it that there are is no Islamic organisation speaking for the MAJORITY (by proving their membership figures) of all Muslims against so called "Muslim terrorist attacks"   BUT   I also always hated it that there are NO Christian organisations speaking for the MAJORITY of all Christians (by proving their membership figures) against child abuse.   How come? Because they do not follow a common god/cause? Because they denounce the god who somebody from across the ocean is believing in? I do not know! Everybody is expecting an excuse from somebody else…   Both such aforementioned extreme attacks are the worst that I could think of at the moment I am writing this: Violence against the helpless children and against the unaware public (including children).   How's that thing about the majorities? Because there is no GOD! Every person is doing those things because he (or rarely she) is either uneducated, sick, mentally handicapped, influenced by some asshole or mentally disadvantaged in some other way.   Believing in some "higher authority" which is ordering or allowing you to do (or do not) things is scientifically rubbish! You are on your own. AGAIN: THERE IS NO GOD (which one, by the way? Zeus, Aphrodite, Mars, Wicca??)   The most basic thing which is imprinted in our brain is: DO NO HARM!   Thankfully, the majority of any population works this way.   It is not a Christian or a Muslim thing, it is common sense or more basically conservation of the species!   And yes, if you are hating me for denouncing your belief system, you are right! Be it the belief in getting 99 virgins for bringing "Jihad" to the unbelievers or being it that god did not stop you from molesting childs or burning witches or whatever!
0	That is simply not true. According to this chart from Guttmacher, the column listing points after which abortion is prohibited "except in cases of life or health endangerment," lists most states at 20 weeks, 24 weeks, or "viability." Iowa, South Carolina, and Virginia are listed at 3rd trimester, so 27/28 weeks.   It should also be noted that "health" can sometimes have an extremely broad definition. Doe vs Bolton, the companion case to Roe, ruled that medical judgement on whether abortion is necessary could be exercised in light of "all factors-physical, emotional, psychological, familial, and the woman's age." There's a video of late term abortionist Leroy Carhart where he's talking to an abortion client (actually an undercover investigator) who is 26 weeks pregnant and even though it's expressly stated that nothing is wrong with the baby and the only reason given is "this is what I wanna do," he says they can go up to 28 weeks in his Maryland clinic. (Maryland is listed at "viability," which is 24ish weeks, though potentially as early as 22.)   Maryland, along with Utah, also has an exception for "fetal abnormality." A young woman was sadly killed, along with her child who had a seizure disorder or some sort, not long ago in Maryland following a botched abortion at 33 weeks.   Regardless, and I know much of Reddit won't like this, I believe that whether or not we can kill a human being is not dependent on that human's age, size, appearance, or abilities. No matter what age, the child in the womb is the exact same human individual as she will be later on, simply at an earlier or later point in her own growth and development. Just as a toddler is at a later point in growth and development, and is much more aware and rational, than a newborn. But a toddler is not more of a person than a newborn for those reasons. Unplanned pregnancy is difficult, yes, and often frightening, and we need to reach out to women  and men experiencing it with practical support and resources, adoption information, financial assistance, and compassion-before and after the birth of the child. The solution to a crisis pregnancy is that we come alongside women and work to eliminate the crisis....not the child.
0	Though the you all contraction argument may make sense when considering current-day vernacular, it is prudent to consider the vernacular which existed at the time which y’all was likely invented. By the late 18th century, Scots-Irish immigrants had settled in the Southern United States. It is well established that Scots-Irish immigrants frequently used the term ye aw. Some evidence suggests that y’all could have evolved from ye aw due to the influence of African slaves who may have adapted the Scots-Irish term
0	Basically, I work for some restaurant in NYC and our manager always pressures us to have quick service, even if it is at the cost of quality. Anyway, yesterday I was serving these 6 guys in suits and while trying to get past their table with 4 plates in my hand, i lost a bit of balance and some soup fell right off the top plate and onto this guys head and suit. The manager eventually finds out and starts to lecture me in front of this guy. Rather than try to milk the situation for a free meal, he tells the manager it was 100% his fault and even offers to pay for the soup that spilled. He left a nice tip and that was that but if it weren;t for him, I would be 100% out of a job today..
1	Cloud9  players are unavailable for the  ALL STAR CHALLENGE  since they are the NA representatives in the invitational tournament. That means, no  Meteos, Hai  etc., in this event, but they will still be participating in the allstars.   Fnatic  players are unavaible for  ALL STAR CHALLENGE  since they are the EU representatives in the invitational tournament. That means, no  Xpeke  etc., in this event, but he will still be participating in the allstars.   SKT T1  players are unavaible for  ALL STAR CHALLENGE  since they are the OGN representatives in the invitational tournament. That means, no  Faker  etc., in this event, but he will still be participating in the allstars.
1	in my experience, AD Nidalee is for solo queue and just requires you to run in full retard where as AP Nidalee requires a team who can capitalize on your massive poke damage.
0	Keep your head up.  I went through a two year custody battle with my ex wife to get 50/50 custody of my daughters.   When she first filed for divorce we both agreed to 50/50 custody,  but when she realized that she couldn't live on child support/welfare (she told me that was her plan) she decided to go for full custody.   She made lots of false accusations and I even had Child Protective Services come to my house for an investigation.   Obviously they found nothing and the case worker said they get lots of false claims during custody battles.   We then ended up going to trial for two days where I got to hear all kinds of reasons why I shouldn't have custody of the kids.   Of course when it was time for my lawyer to question her he brought up all kinds of negative things about her such as the false allegations to CPS,  the fact that her boyfriend spent 13 years in prison, etc.  She lied repeatedly under oath and was even caught committing perjury (sadly nothing came of it).   It cost me damn near $30, 000 in attorney fees, but it was 100% worth it.
1	still a problem it seems, i just created a us smurf to play with Arithien after his daily shows( 6:30pm CST (12:30am GMT)   tried to play a game as the EU servers have a 1hr+ wait and kept getting this error, thought it was my firewall/internet not liking the US for some reason
0	When I first was comfortable driving stick on the road (5 speed 1996 Ford Contour) anytime I was at a light on a hill, and the person behind me was really close, I would stick my hand out my sun roof signaling the driver behind me to back up. I would do pretty much anything a motorist could do to inform the driver behind me that he was too close.   One time that I actually got hit was because of a steep hill pretty much on a 35 degree. Only scuffed up my bumper a bit but the driver and I got out and he was angry that I allowed his car to hit me. I told him that I drove a stick and he apologized. He gave me $50 to buffer the scuff in my bumper (and not involve insurance). Also he taught me to try to use the e-brake in lieu of the foot brake when I am going, so I can have better control of my car.   Eight years later today, I would say that I do not have this problem anymore, but still it is courtesy to never be up someones ass while driving.
1	This won't happen.   Most of the important game assets like stats, runes, ability damage numbers and such are held on an external server to prevent abuse from hackers.   If they created an offline client, all of those assets would be open for hackers to exploit and create tools for others from.
1	I'll start talking about abilities individually from innate -> ultimate, then talk about the way the kit as a whole plays.   The first thing I would like to mention, the passive, is really frustrating on two fronts: his mana costs were made worse to justify it, and it doesn't fit with the immersion of what Xerath plays as. It succeeds in incentivizing auto-attack harass of enemy champions, but fails to provide the same engagement as Ziggs passive, because mana regain is not "fun" it's a necessity of a champion with such hindering mana costs. Secondly, the passive has no flavor, because it does not interact with the rest of the champion at all. It has no interaction with casting spells, and is on a boring flat timer unlike almost all similar passives. ( notably Ziggs and Nocturne spring to mind as having similar, but better passives )   The Q ability has gotten two dramatic nerfs: The cast time is frustratingly increased, and the mana cost is dramatically increased. The new Q is incredibly clunky to play and no longer fits within his combo timing unless casting it at minimum distance. Additionally, Q is the only reasonable ability to max first given the cooldown (it's the only ability you can get two casts off at max rank in a mid game skirmish, and has most reliable chance of hitting), but when maxed first the mana cost becomes crippling very quickly.   The W ability is a dramatic step up in the fun of Xerath, and my favorite ability. The eye mechanic is fun and engaging, but I think the dropoff for the slow on the side portions is too steep, I would like if you could W-E or E-W, but as it stands the outside portion of the W is so weak as to feel irrelevant until 300+ AP, and the slow does not help at current values.   The E ability is simply a case of being boring. There is nothing about this ability which is particularly engaging or exciting, and does not feel rewarding. The range is low, the speed is low, and the stun is good at longer ranges, but useless at short range against targets with tenacity. I anticipated this ability feeling like Priestess of the Moon arrow (set up insane ganks / kills by using interesting positions to land stuns), but instead I got a nerfed version of sion/taric stun (same effective range but skillshot instead of targeted).   The ultimate ability is now incredibly clunky, and the range does not compensate effectively. The radius reduction also feels miserable, because given the missile delay it's incredibly difficult to hit targets. This ability feels dramatically inferior to Ziggs' ultimate for all of the above reasons.   Overall, he needs either a number buff which is likely to happen, or more tweaks, because I don't feel the rework hit correctly, but is salvageable. This is due to a very conservative release state, and lacking the feeling that there is something this champion does better than any other. Here are my suggestions:   Passive: Change it so that it interacts with spellcasts somehow. Perhaps it could steal mana from champions, or have no cooldown, but only restore mana when you hit enemies you previously hit with spells.   Q: Reduce the cast time clunkiness by either removing the delay on firing Q once it's charged to the acceptable point, dramatically increase the speed it charges, or make charging not slow movement speed.   W: Increase slow on outer radius to a relevant (perhaps scaling with rank) amount.   E: Give the ability something memorable, so that it has a niche. The ability could have pass through, long range, aoe detonation, basically anything that makes it exciting and unique from single target stuns that are currently just better.   R: Remove siege-up time, increase damage radius, and/or increase range at early ranks. Needs to feel like an ultimate thematically.   Thanks to anyone who has read this whole thing, I really appreciate it. You can send me a twitch message if you'd like to talk about this, but I will attempt to monitor some Xerath threads, if not all of them.
0	Trying to change who you are is like pushing against the wall. No matter how hard you push, nothing will change and you WILL lose, and only hurt yourself more in the process. You have to give up and let go, but at the same time hold on to enough of your sanity that you don't lose your head completely. That's how to make it though the day, you see? it can be done. You just have to learn to accept and be content with the reality that you can't change. otherwise, you may as well just kill yourself.   The fuck is wrong with you?   Trying to change who you are is ENTIRELY within your grasp. Your problem is the people you surround yourself with - their reactions to you. You think their reactions or opinions of you are set in stone and made objective through societal norms. SO GET AWAY FROM THEM. Find new people who like you. Trust me, they exist.   And for god's sake, trust me on this because I speak from experience, the first step in finding those people is being approachable. STOP hating. STOP whining and wallowing in self-pity like you've been doing in all these posts. CHANGE HOW YOU ACT - ACT HAPPIER, act jovial, be someone nice, witty/funny (practice), be the guy who always has interesting things to say (but for god's sake DON'T go all Aspergers on everyone and try to one-up them by sounding smart). Basically, give people reasons to want to be around you. Not materialistic reasons, either, but reasons stemming from your personality.   You complain about your looks, yes, you can't  drastically  change those - although, again, speaking from experience, a haircut, well-fitting clothes, and a few months in the gym with protein powder make a fucking amazing difference. So you can't drastically change your looks, but you can change your personality. And no, this isn't compromising yourself or selling out - it's part of being a normal fucking person in society. Make yourself likeable, which is super easy to do, because I'm telling you right now, from the way you're coming across in these posts, you sound completely fucking unlikeable. All that self-pity and  anger  just pushes everyone away from you. You talk about rolling with the punches - well, roll with them and keep smiling instead of complaining on fucking Reddit about it. Channel it into happiness instead of anger and people will want to spend time around you (again, this takes time to occur).
0	not only over-used... but misused...   its like a magic word women can use on men to immediately make them feel awkward, weird, bad about themselves, strip any of their confidence and make them out to be something that they are not   women seem to want men to come up to them and not vice versa but if its not chris hemsworth with hundreds falling out of his pockets then women can just call him a creeper and feel good about themselves for rejecting the man like a total bitch
0	If things had gone much worse, money wouldn't have mattered at all, since it would have been worthless, and we'd be living in a barter economy, so why not invest?  During this time, I was also renovating the rental property I owned, and was living in/renting out (it was 3 units, and I lived in one, with my wife, renting out the other two to grad students).  So I was plenty diversified.  In 2012, that work paid off, and my wife was able to sell our house with a craigslist ad/website she made for $95k more than we owed.  We spent around $10k/year on renovations/landscaping, did all the work ourselves, and collected about $15k/year in rent.  We basically paid for the renovations and taxes, while the rent paid the mortgage.  It was a 100% zero down, terrible sub-prime mortgage, but if I didn't get the chance to have it, I'd still be stuck at my old job, making about 30% less than I do now, living in a town I didn't want to live in.   As for the 401k, 10% was in one stock, and 90% was in 9 mutual funds.  I was diversified across thousands of stocks, bonds, and whatever else the funds were made up of (plus the rental property, plus my day job).  The roughly 25k I had invested at the time was worth about 17k, since the value of the aggregate shares were so low, so I just kept buying shares at that really low price.  As long as the funds stayed afloat (and Vanguard wasn't in too bad of shape at the time) they were set to explode when things improved.  I believe is was 2009 when things really kicked in, and my ~17k was worth 40k in not too long.  Now it's worth $90k, and I haven't put money into that fund since June of 2012 (it was worth about 70k the last time I contributed).  Last year, I moved it from Vanguard to something else, which cost me about $5k, and progress has really slowed down.  I need to look into that, now that I'm thinking about it.   So I guess you could say I'm willing to take on a little risk, and if anything, the 401k thing I mentioned was the safe bet.  Sill, I guess I did the house thing right.  A lot of people bought at the top and sold at the bottom, but I chose the house carefully, and fixed up the right parts of the house to make it salable.  I didn't touch the outside in terms of paint...in fact, by the end, paint was falling off the house, but I did a lot of landscaping), but I replaced some windows, installed 3 new kitchens and baths, new carpets and flooring everywhere (including hardwood where there was carpet in my apartment), and painted every interior wall.  I also finished the basement after a local company came in and poured a concrete floor as part of a mitigation system they had to install (which I knew was a likely possibility when I bought the place). So I bought at the worst time possible, and sold at one of the worst times possible, with a loan that was about as bad as they come (6.5% interest on 80%, 9.99% interest on the remaining 20%, adjustable rate, and there was a $15k balloon payment due about a year after I sold), yet I pocketed $95k from the project.  So while I didn't sit down when I was 26, and foresee how things would be when I was 32, I did generally have a plan to improve the property, knowing it would give me better options than not improving the property, and I adjusted along the way.  Honestly, like with any home purchase, you hope that inflation will come along, and your salary will adjust to compensate, but your mortgage payment will remain fixed, so what started out as a big hit wasn't.  The plan to sell sort of came along on a whim, but it worked, and then we moved across the country with no jobs at all, and just figured it out.  Now we live in a house worth twice what our old house was worth, we make more money, and things have never been better.  We're improving this house, and it looks like we're going to be up about $200k on the value within a year after we finish this round of renovations.   So that got long.
0	When I worked at an art store, i learned a very important lesson. The difference between anime fans, nerds, and kids.   "Anime Fans generally have a favourite type of anime and will watch that type for the most part, very rarely switching it up. They will talk about it with their other friends, however, if they do not mention it you would have NO FRIGGIN IDEA.   Anime Nerds for the most part, will watch anything that is suggested to them, and discuss it as functioning human beings. Nerds may cosplay at various conventions and the like, but it is contained to said conventions. You may also notice subtle hints that they are a nerd, like a watch or a wallet from a specific anime, so you can tell they enjoy it without being overwhelmed by it.   Now, anime 'kids' are the non-functioning fucking retarded anime fans that seem to travel in packs that have a collective IQ of 7. You can tell an anime kid is an anime kid from miles away, as they're usually the one rocking a naruto headband and random ass cosplay EVERY. DAMN. DAY. They generally cannot form thoughts that aren't anime related, believe themselves to be in actual loving relationships with anime characters, and are more or less pathetic excuses of people. They will constantly talk in Japanese to prove how 'smart' they are LIKE OMGTHATSSOKAWAIIDESUNE!!?!?! fuck off. The majority of anime kids are are combination of fat, terrible looking, unfortunate looking, smelly or so fucking awkward it makes your heart die a little just to see them. They're the ones that when you see walk into an art store (like I used to work) or anywhere else that sells manga/supplies you RUN LIKE THE WIND BULLSEYE and get the fuck out before they wrangle you and try to convince you that anime is life; there is no other way to live, and that they're SUCH A GOOD ARTIST, THEY DRAW EVERY DAY. LOOK AT MY ORIGINAL CHARACTER. oh yes. i see. that's great. i like your unibrow. step away from me.
1	Well, if you think about it, for NHL, NFL, NBA, etc etc, different networks have different casters (seeing as all these leagues have 30+ teams) people are often fond of their team's casters. So it makes sense that there isn't as much admiration for specific casters as it pretty much comes down to where you're watching from. In the case of LoL, we are a waaaaaaay smaller community than all of sports and as such we only have a handful of casters. It makes sense that we are so fond of them, LCS is only 2 and a half years old and they have been there since the start bringing it to what it is today. That is why I think they are so liked by the LoL community. It isn't an obsession just a lot of admiration.
0	You know, I never understood the "Reddit thinks X and Y so that makes Reddit a hypocrite." Contrary to /r/circlejerk Reddit is not one singular hive mind.   Yes, we have majority demographics. Yes, we lean left on average. What I don't understand is when people can't grasp how a warmongering thread gets voted to the front page. You only need a few thousand upvotes to get there. Even if we say 75% of Reddit are war hating liberal commie atheists, how does that mean that the other 25% doesn't have the power to upvote? Especially when it is against Rediquette to downvote based on opinion alone.
1	when playing a game   Settings > Keybinding and like for the smartcast to reassign keys if so desired   Purpose: it makes it so you don't have to right click your target when casting a spell. It simply casts on whatever your pointer is hovering over.   Also: It turns off the display for ranged/skill attacked. So you just don't see that blue circle/arrow anymore.   It greatly reduces cast time especially for bursters like brand. I pop a combo fairly quickly now E, Q, W, R  instead of E RightCLick Q RightClick W RightClick R RightClick.
1	It's the problem with anything on the Internet, people feel secure behind their online handle. Being anonymous is a powerful thing. You can say/do anything you want without people knowing who you are, where you live. You can also be anyone you want, nothing from your "real" life is known online so you can create a persona for yourself that includes whatever you want.   The problem is that the raw power of that opportunity creates an environment where people can do whatever they want and get away with it. Your lane gets camped and you get frustrated? Call their jungler all sorts of names. They can't do anything about it. Your top lane has a bad game and dies a few times, even though you're slightly winning at bot, and then your team loses a teamfight? Blame it all on the "feeding idiot" from top lane. Once again, no consequences for you at all.  In fact, you haven't voiced your whole displeasure yet. Your team is down in gold and kills but your team doesn't want to surrender because they believe they can still win? Start cursing them out, wish cancer on them and their loved ones for wasting another 10 minutes of your oh-so-precious time. Maybe then they'll realize that they've ruined your game and that they'll never play again so as to not make you lose anymore. Again, zero consequence for you outside of the game.
1	At any given time the total of all players would be zero, you can't have everyone be on winning streaks. The only possible solution would be that you reset to zero every time you log off which introduces abuse to the system as you can log off to reset your rating.
0	Here's a bad poop story.  One year at a Superbowl Party, a couple of friends brought a guy over with them that I have never met.  We were all in the basement watching the halftime show.  (This was the year Janet's breasts were exposed).  Anyways, he had to use the bathroom, but said he would rather use the upstairs bathroom so he didn't stink up the place.  We showed him where it was and proceeded to watch the halftime show.  About 5 minutes into it, we noticed water slowing dripping out of the ceiling vent above the television.  5 seconds later, all hell broke loose.  Water came pouring out of the ceiling vent, and poured on the television.  It wasn't just plain water.  It was shit water.  A few minutes passed and he came downstairs and informed us he clogged the toilet.  It overflowed and went down the vent in the floor of the bathroom.  Of course that shit-water found its way down onto our brand new television we purchased for the big game.  I missed seeing Janet's boobs that year.
0	I didn't realize how many people cared about this stuff. People shit, shit stinks, they'll understand. It's not like you went in there with the purpose of leaving their bathroom smelling like shit.
1	In bot lane you always want your first back to be that bf sword. The most expensive first piece of ur bt or ur ie. catalyst or picaxe on ur first back doesn't give u the same stats as a bf sword will. I think the only time you can get away with it is if you force them back before they can afford it delaying he power spike and forcing them onto vamp sceptre or a pickaxe.
1	Even if this was true, which is not, this team would never succeed. For the one and only reason. They are toxic. And it's tightly connected to the reason why they are playing good. If they are stripped of their toxicity, they will play bad or they will even loose any interest in competitive scene. And with their attitude they will disband in 3 months, or get banned again.   Their main driving power is their own demise. And I doubt it will change throught their whole life, except through some sort of miracle, like witnessing God and turning to religion, developing brain tumor and completely chainging personality, ending up in army and after an ambush and 6 months of imprisonment by some third-country army finding new view for life.
0	Yes, and it will not impress them that you learn the process either. They expect you to.   edit: in fact I guess you could say is that the only thing that impresses a professor is consistent adherence to the method they teach while consistently answering questions correctly. So
0	Thank you for your detailed answer. But I actually just wanted to point something out most German students will understand.   Let me explain it: Yes there are lots of ways to gain enough money to be able to afford such things like a car and the gas needed for it. But keep in mind that a car+gas is more expensive in Germany than in the US. Also it won't be worth the money as a student because usually when you pay the so called Semesterbeitrag (yes we still have to pay to attend a university) you also get the so called Semesterticket. This neat thing lets you use the public transport in the whole state your university is located in for free. By the way, most of the money you pay is used for this but there are very few universitys which let you decide whether you want the ticket or not. And if they let you decide you'll want it.
1	Well tbh this happened to me today: I try to join a normal game on my smurf. Waiting time is around 2minutes atm. First game found, someone doesn't accept, 2nd game: same thing, 3d game: same thing, 4th game: leaver, 5th game: leaver, 6th game: leaver, 7th game: leaver. Between that some unaccepted games, can't tell how much.   Then the 8th game I picked a 2nd mid, can't be bothered to do what someone else wants when I'm waiting for a game for literally 15minutes. I said I would leave, but someone flamed me and I stayed. The first midlaner (Ryze) went top, dunno why, I would've left the lobby if no one had talked shit to me. Anyhow enemy surrendered when I got my 10th stack on my mejais. Yup I'm an asshole, yup I will keep doing this until EA ehm i mean Riot fixes this pathetic bs called EUW.
1	Yeah, I apologize. I should have given more information. [Here]( you go!   As per your definition of it, it kinda does. Basically its a technique used to manipulate your minions. If you're having issues with your minions lighting up their minions too quickly, then you can use the unfreezing techniques to fix it. I make it sound like it's a huge technique, basically unfreezing is just forget about last hits and wipe out the minions in the lane, it resets the priority of minions.
1	True this. But pinging assists 4 times when there's no hot situation but normal laning is only gonna make me look there, I forget to think about what I was just thinking about, miss a good gank opportunity or don't see some wards that get placed because I am looking whats going on there incase I need to move my ass. I wish I could ignore pings from people who do that and still listen to the other pings.  Now I just sometimes do Gromp while my team fights 2v3 in the River while I could actually do something.
1	I explained my thoughts in a thread on the league forums but I'll copy paste them here too](   Though I see their standpoint as wanting to make skins for anyone to buy at anytime, to not hinder new player's ability to purchase a skin because they've joined the game later, I do believe that some skins should be limited edition, including this year's Championship Thresh skin, and I am also disappointed in not seeing a Season 3 Championship Icon, with perhaps a lantern instead of a sword like season 2's.  My reasoning for this is that the skin was made in honor of the Season 3 Championship, and if its able to come back on sale during a legacy sale in 2 years it will lose the value of being for the Season 3 Championship, The skin will lose the fact that it was sold during the Season 3 Championships and no longer be "the season 3" skin and just be a "championship" skin in general. With only 1 "Limited Edition" skin per year at this rate (Victorious Skin for those who achieve gold or higher in soloQ/3v3/5v5 by the end of the season) I feel like loyal players are getting the short end of the stick. We've played the game for years, and should be rewarded with skins (even if only 2 or 3, Championship Skins, maybe 1 of 3 per each holiday is exclusive to that year, PAX Skins) that will show that we've played since a different era then those whom just picked up the game. And to those new players, who are jealous of Snow Bunny Nidalee, or Kitty Cat Katarina, or Victorious J4, They will get their chance at Limited Edition skins in the future, however with how Riot is currently doing "Legacy Skins" replacing "Limited Edition" skins, only the really old school players will have any chance at having a skin worth sentimental value. This may come with disadvantages to Riot, such as not being able to sell some of their skins, however I think they can get more off of a limited edition skin then a skin that can be sold at anytime, at least instantaneously. Well as this is just turning into a rant rather then a thought out post, I'm going to end it with why I am ranting. It could be because I'm insane and tired, or it could be because I just want to have something others wont be able to have in the future ( and I already do have plenty of LE skins ), however I'm thinking of the new wave of players, whom will never have a chance to say "Hey, I got this skin back in Season 3" without others saying "No, you probably bought it during the Season 5 Championships", If that makes any sense at all, its 3:20am and I'm tired.
1	I have been at every single ELO one time or another. I was 1100 s1, went from bronze to plat s2, and I'm diamond s3. My interpretation of this would be:   Bronze-Silver: Play what you are best at. If you know you are good enough to get out, you will. Your raw skill will get you out of this rank eventually, but you will experience your fair share of trolls, feeders, etc.   Gold: This is the beginning of the massive distribution of skill levels of each player. I would say if you are overall more skilled of a player, you will eventually get out, but there will be more thinking involved than bronze-silver.   Platinum-Diamond: This is the true ELO Hell, in my opinion. This is where some players managed to get carried to plat/diamond, but in no way belong there. There are also the players who are way to good for the level they are at. This usually results in a stomp, either in your favor or not. There are also the super tryhards, who complain/rage about everything, and the people who think they are "good" so they dont have to care and type "lolololol TSM" when they get caught 1v5. If you manage to get the diamond 1 or challenger, congrats you can probably have fun playing with the pros and what not. However, the journey there will suck.
0	The officer used lights/siren etc in order to get her attention and render assistance. Probable cause only applies to criminal activity. She was not pulled over under suspicion of wrong doing therefore probable cause is unnecessary. Had he noticed her doing something illegal she would have been arrested for having item in plain sight, but a competent defense attorney would have a field day with that.
1	Little known fact:  Four clips were tried out for this position!  The Good Will Hunting hallway solving scene, the very first window writing scene from A Beautiful Mind, the second window writing scene from A Beautiful Mind, and the one you see in the clip.
1	Watch streams is the best advice that I could give you, but I think there are a few things that can be easily explained.   [Here's a season 3 shop simulator that might help.] ( I'm not sure how up to date this is.   [Here's the preseason website.] ( This should cover most of your item needs. This is not up to date with the current patch, it is more to show you what the new items and formulas are as well as the items that were removed (RIP HoG).   This is what I've concluded from playing about 200 games this season. Mind you, I'm not a pro or someone who is informed very well. Take what you read here with the knowledge that this is just some Gold 5 player trying his best to help.     ADC's take a lot more time to get the point where they can 5 shot tanks. They NEED 6 item build to do that, and even then only late game carries can do this now, but that's only if they build full damage and sacrifice a defensive item (which is almost necessary because of assassins being popular now). Because of this, ADC players are forced to play one of two types of ADC's at the best level: hyper carry DPS (twitch or vayne) or utility/AoE damage carries (varus or miss fortune). While this is a generalization, these seem to work the best at the pro level.     Junglers actually have a role now that is outside of getting first blood for a lane then walking around with an oracles until they die (oracles only lasts 5 mins now but is still lost upon death) and try to become a tanky utility champion. With the new jungle and new jungle items, the role of the jungler has expanded to more of a tanky diver and/or peeler. There still is the Big [insert number of OP junglers here], but niche junglers are seeing more play.     AD assassins have been revamped to be useful, and a few have been added to the roster and are very popular. I don't know which champion was last released since you quit, but AD assassins opened up a whole new meta game that allows for double assassin comps to be run effectively and not be hard countered by everyone only building one resistance stat.     On that note, resistances are much weaker than they used to be. Having 300 armor and 200 magic resistance is harder to obtain and much less impactful for two reasons: they changed how penetration works (I currently forget what it is, but now its probably the other way around from when you last played. Will edit when I remember and/or are reminded) and more/better penetration items are now available, especially for flat penetration. Health is king now, so start stacking giants belt items if you're a tank.     Supports aren't stuck into one horrible item build any more. How a support builds now can make or break a very close game. The new support items have an actual impact on the game and make it more possible to "carry" as a support in solo Q. Warding is also much less of a money sink for namely supports and a few junglers that like ward hopping (I'm looking at you Lee Sin).     Also on that note, I'm sure you've already seen, but most if not all of the new items are activatable. This makes micromanagement of your champion and their items much more important. Forget to use your activatable? You may have just lost the game due to that mistake.
1	I disagree with DoubleLift, I feel like there is definitely talent in top lane. In my honest opinion the current meta doesn't show true talent. Season 2 and 3 were great examples of talent. Remember VoyBoys 2 v 1 double kill, that proved that there was talent.
1	Problems of Elements:     Shook forgot how vision controll,counterganking works     Krepo play and shotcalling is on that same level(if level like this exist)     Rekkles wants to be Genja with gold income of S2 Doublelift(Still dont know how he can be so hyped,doing nothing in games)     Wickd playstyle dont work in team like that(He could just stay on tower and farm-they would lose anyway but he would have good stats,still he is atleast trying)     Froggen is trying to 1v9,this team even pushed him to pick zed play agressive and dominate lane     Dota2 is not LoL so why the fuck Dota2 coach is in LoL team-Gambit says thanks for giving good coach for free     99 more
0	If/when you make the move, please don't take it back. My guy friend that I've had feelings for, for a while, made the move from friendship to more. We were pretty close and snuggly on my bed when he suddenly got up and said "I can't do this right now." He puts his shoes on, looks at me and says "I'm sorry, OhTheMemories" and walks out the door. I've gotten over it since, but gosh darn that rejection hurt.
1	Really? Any other top laner? So just about anyone can play from behind better than Dyrus? Can play as safe with no help from their team and not give up objectives/advantages/get snowballed on? Can come back and still be relevant in a game where they've been starved for CS until the 15 minute mark?   Okay.jpg
1	hey guys, on the build half of things have any of you tried gunblade yet? my build so far is boots+3pots, ill go back and get an amp tome andbuild it into a revolver off the bat (not sure if bilgewater would be better to start with due to its active, have to test this still.) after i get revolver and cutlass i usually finish my boots based on what i need. after i get my boots i finish the gunblade up, and this is wear im having a wee bit of trouble getting down. ive been most comfortable going abyssal scepter after that followed usually by glacial shroud. the games dont last much longer than that point since its kind of expensive for a jungle but im gonna test aegis first.
1	Annie's Molten Shield [E] grants you bonus [20/30/40/50/60] Armor/Magic resist and deals [20/30/40/50/60] damage when she is hit by a basic attack.   I don't see how kennens basic attack speed is supposed to be an advantage, btw Annie range 625 vs. kennen range 550. Annie can poke effectively with her basic attacks of 49 vs kennens 51 auto attack damage. but because of annies molten shield whenever kennen tries to AA her she will return 20 damage which leaves kennen at 31 damage win trade while annie deals 49 to reduce that to a negative damage trade for kennen at -18. Hope that clears your opinion. Annie will probably hit kennen more than he will hit her due to her unreliable stuns and long range. so she will come out on top. theoretically ofc. a noob playing annie wouldn't even be close to performing so well!
1	I can't wait to see what the picks are. I know Quantic generally has a deep champion pool and I'm pretty sure coL is gonna bust out some new picks (also I have no cue what Chuuper will play)   I think coL's comp will rely on Nickwu and Chuuper's picks (Nick seems way more comfortable on Rumble and Zed than anyone else, but he can probably bust something new out). If he gets Rumble we'll probably see J4 and/or Amumu with MF/Varus and Sona/Thresh for dat teamfight.   If he gets Zed (unlikely) I don't think it forces coL's hand on the rest of the comp so it'll depend on if Chuuper will play teamfight carries like MF and Varus or someone safe liek Ezreal or Cait. I don't see him pulling out Vayne or Draven because it doesn't fit their style. Maybe a twitch?   If he gets Jayce we might see Janna or Ziggs again from Pr0lly for a poke comp, which means Laute might play Cho and Cait/Ez in bot lane   I have no clue what kind of comps Quantic wants. BalIs can play everything from Rumble to Khazix to Jayce, I've seen Meteos do well on teamfight junglers like Nasus and heavy gankers like Hecarim. Hai plays heavy farm carries (Anivia), heavy roamers (TF Lux) and Assassins (Zed  Khazix). Lemon might pull a daydreamin and show off his god hand with a Blitz or a Thresh pick (his sona play against TAP was /okay/, not demonstrative of his skill) and Castro can play pretty much anything.
1	Play Calmer. When you let people get in your head you start thinking about how they are assholes, just play to have fun. This is a game so thats the ultimate goal. If your stressed while playing something thats supposed to relieve stress then your doing something wrong.   ELO is just a meaningless number, it doesnt suggest the amount of fun you have. You basically have 2 options in a win or a loss. You can rage at your team because they are all trolls that are out to get you. Or you can take the game for what its worth and learn from the mistakes you made. (everyone makes mistakes at least once a game)
1	I'm not surprised by that, because Support champions  do  scale pretty well, and they can deal damage like anyone else. Instead of having runes that invest in livability and Gold/10, you invested into high damage.   You got a HoG right away which gives you enough Gold/10 to make it so that you didn't need  any  Gold/10 in runes, and you also got some health from it, as well as a level above the enemies. You basically made up for the rune mishap by getting that first blood and HoG.   I'm assuming the enemy bot lane was then afraid to fight you guys, so having a little bit lower Armour in laning phase didn't affect you whatsoever.
0	It is well documented that black people are convicted more for pot while having similar usage/possession rates.  It's a pretty reasonable hypothesis that cops will disproportionately arrest blacks for other crimes, too.  I really don't think you could prove that blacks don't commit more crimes, however.   I don't know if that's what you were trying to say, maybe you just meant it's besides the point, which I somewhat agree with.  The disparity in conviction is a pretty obvious race issue, and (considering our prison system is basically a network of gang recruitment centers) likely a contributing factor to a higher black crime rate.
0	My friend's sister used to DRIVE with her left leg on the dash between the door and the steering wheel. Well she wasn't a good driver to begin with and got in a really bad wreck that should have killed her. Luckily, she just nearly ripped her leg off. Its been 8 years and she's still going to phisical therapy. She had to put everything on hold. School. Her job. She was trying to have a baby and is just now well enough to go through labor. So yeah...don't fucking do that.
0	The study indicated that gluten may be causing a FODMAPS issue.  There are several FODMAPS foods.  The study concluded that doctors who give a Non-celiac Gluten Sensitivity diagnosis when the genetic markers for Celiacs but all the symptoms are present are stopping too soon.
1	I know it's supposedly rude or elitist, but I thoroughly enjoy trash talking. To me, it's a fun part of the game and a way to get into your opponent's head. I find it funny and entertaining, but I never take it seriously.
1	I'm not a high elo player, but let me say this.   If you play one champion all the time, you'll get good at that champion, and you'll know the match ups, you can win the match ups, and you'll generally perform well on that champion.   Then you're banned or someone else picks your champion? That would render you useless, as you wouldn't have practiced any other champions. Say you start at 1200, you raise to 2000 with one champion, and suddenly you can't play that champion anymore. You're bound to lose lanes.   So, you should always know how to play at least a couple of champions well, but you can still focus mainly on one champion.   So yeah, sure, you can raise up in elo spamming one champion, no problem. But if you only play one champion, you're bound to perform worse on others.   Just pick 2-3 champions and play those.   I usually play mid, and I've found myself to be successful on Kassadin, Ryze and Orianna. But of course, I can't always get the picks or maybe not even mid lane. So I know how to play champions for every other role as well.   I'm pretty decent on Yorick (Yeah I know OP boring faceroll gay champion, but I play it better than some people!) for top lane, I generally perform quite well on Nocturne when I have to jungle, as for AD I seem to be unable to miss Ashe arrows (I seriously have a super high percentage for landing those) and for support I seem to play Soraka and Taric quite well.   If I had to pick one champion who I would use to carry myself, it would probably be Orianna, because not many people play her, so not many people know how to win lane against her.
1	Same. I'd rather watch streams and LCS. Before, I would be so exited to go home after class to fit in one game before I would have to do HW. But now, it's not fun to play. I don't quite know what it is, but I'm assuming it's probably the toxic players and AFK. Mostly everyone is nice and encourages you, and helps you out. I don't know why I cant play with just redditors. I guess since I'm not challenger I don't play with redditors.
0	The thing reddit hate's more than organized religion is homophobia.   The only thing reddit hates more than homophobia is that typoed ' in hates.  Gotcha!
0	To add to this. When he did The Rundown to director was skeptical of having him do fighting scenes and wire work because he is so massive. He thought that The Rock would be too slow to make it work.   Turns out not only is The Rock massive as shit, he's also pretty quick with the fighting.
1	The title should be changed to be honest. This is yet another example of Reddit leading new players into bad habits. There is never one thing that you should always do. Everything needs to be decided game by game.   This whole post is the same as saying for your money you do more damage starting with doran's blade than boots. While this is true it is often the case that you will need the health pots and the bonus move speed to even survive in lane.
1	First of all: Thanks for the tip, I gotta try it out definetely!   But I got a question though: Let's say I push to get to lvl 2 early, so I clear the first wave of minions while there are 2 caster minions left on my side, the next wave arrives and it's 8 minions vs 6.   (Not sure about that but...) As soon as i kill the first melee minion I hit lvl 2 and have the advantage.  success . Then according to the tactic it's either time to push further to reach lvl 3 or start freezing. Let's assume I wanna freeze: What excactly do I do now? If I start lasthitting normally, the minion advantage I have will push by itself, leaving me standing under the enemy tower for quite a long time which is obviously bad.
1	being someone who plays shaco frequently, I'd be disappointed if shaco boxes were changed to be like heimer's weaponized wards. Shaco's boxes turn invis shortly after being placed then fear the target and shoots them, it makes sense they have a timer on them since its supposed to be a trap. if they had the same characteristics of heimer's turrets then   1: shaco would need to stay by his boxes and IF they still turned invis then there would be no surprise to where the boxes are since Shaco would need to stay near them like a worried babysitter.   2: if they had the same range as donger's turrets then they'd start shooting way before the fear could go off, that or it'd be op getting feared then trying to get out of that range to save yourself.   3: the occasional charge shot from donger mechanized minions would make no sense on a box, a small box shooting small darts (if going ap i like to imagine them as daggers being shot out) then suddenly shooting a sword or huge dart/dagger wouldn't make much sense for the theme of it being a box simply shooting darts.   4: pls no shaco W being re-skinned heimer Q.   Final: Shaco boxes would be useless if you could only have 3 down at a time at max. even Pink Ward (illuminati Shaco) puts more than three down.
0	The problem I have with this is that you chose a laptop entirely based on the back-lit keyboard apparently, while sacrificing a lot of customization and performance for it. Assuming you got the cheapest macbook you spent $1199 for the complete base model.   Now, let me preface this by saying I have not purchased a laptop in a while so I did the bare minimum of research just to prove a point, selected the first thinkpad I saw and customized it to match your specs.   I customized the Lenovo ThinkPad T430  to match the requirements you set forth. Now, this computer comes to a grand total of $1,213, and it outperforms the same price macbook in:     14.0" HD antiglare display > 13.3" Glossy widescreen   2.6 GHz boost to 3.3 GHz > 2.5 GHz boost to 3.1 GHz   8 Gb RAM > 4 Gb RAM   NVIDIA NVS 5400M > Intel HD Graphics 4000   ~16 hour battery life > ~7 hour battery life   Fingerprint scanner     And I couldn't find the specs of the macbook wireless card, but the one I selected should be more than superior. These laptops are durable as well, very well built, as well as allowing for customization which apple is notorious for limiting severely.   Long story short, you picked an apple laptop because of the brand and backlit keyboard (which in this day and age, who needs to look at their keys when they type, the screen should provide more than enough light). With just a small amount of research, it is easy to create a laptop that not only outperforms the macbook in almost all categories, it is also cheaper (I upgraded some elements unnecessarily, the base model would have still beat the pro). So if the backlight on your keys is that important to you, go for it, but there's no way in hell I would pay such a premium for a lower end computer that I can't upgrade, just because it has a glowing apple on the back of the screen.
0	This will probably get buried but this is how I feel about Black History Month (in america, I'm not from the UK so idk how it is over there).  In school we BARELY learn anything about Black history.  Occasionally we'll learn some things about Dr. King or Rosa Parks, but that's about it.  In high school many of us take multiple classes on American/European history.  These classes include things like Ancient History (which does talk about Egypt, but most of the time the focus is on Greece/Rome), European Civilization and American History.  In American History you'll talk about slavery (how in depth this is depends/ on the state) and the civil rights movement.  These can be pretty brief.  Black history month was created to basically give people a chance to focus more on historical figures of color that largely get ignored in school curricula.  However, the month is mishandled by many schools and ends up becoming a kind of joke.   So, why do we have it? Why don't we have Latino or Asian history month? Basically Black people in U.S. have a belief that if we don't separate ourselves we'll be largely forgotten, and ignored.  Basically if we don't single things out for ourselves, White people aren't going to care otherwise.  Basically, many Black people believe that the only reason White people know as much as they do now about Black history is because of the month.  There is no Asian history month and there is no Latino history month and I can guarantee that the average white American's knowledge of these groups suffers because of it.  Hell, even if we shortened it to Latino-American history month or Asian-American history month we'd learn a lot more.   So, why don't we just learn about everybody's history all year round?  Essentially, many Black people are pessimistic about this.  I've seen schools around the country that have all but gotten rid of anything dealing with Black history month.  Do you think those schools teach Black history all year? No they fucking don't.  That's what pisses Black people off because they feel as though there is barely anytime to discuss the history of Black people.
1	Keep in mind top lane is not an easy lane to come back from. If you tank minions for a few seconds at level 1 and the enemy has even a decently damaging ability+ignite you die, lose the level-game and cs game for a while, and set your enemy ahead of you. Then it reaches the time where it's simply so simple for the enemy top to just say "fuck your tower you're never safe" and dive the living hell out of you.   And @OP, I agree that yes a lost lane is not worth the time when other lanes are doing well, but at least poke your head out once and see if you can make a play happen, not to make the laner go from 0/4 to 1/4 but to  alleviate pressure . That's what ganks are about when you are behind, give the guy some breathing space to last hit.
0	Not to scare you, but my brother had a vasectomy.  He also has two daughters.  Interestingly enough, vasectomies, while generally extremely effective, apparently don't always work.  The body really  really  wants to reproduce and will occasionally succeed in regrowing and reattaching what the vasectomy unattached.
1	Oh, not at all! Rather, he was seeing a lot of play recently, and is  extremely  hard to shove out of lane after his first few levels; his stustain is what makes him extremely strong after most lane sustain has been nerfed somewhat. Most top lane champions who used to get an early Vamp Sceptre no longer get it nearly as often. Excess sustain is why Rengar got hit as well.   All of that combined - mostly the attention - causes Riot to look at champions and say "Why is this champion popular? Is (s)he too strong? Too weak? How? Why? Should we do something about it?"   Usually, we see this most prominently with champions who receive  too much  attention, especially when people finally learn how to play champions. This is most prominently shown with release Irelia and Orianna. People believed these champions to be trash. Now, especially with Irelia, they're getting tweaked constantly. These are most often in the form of nerfs, which hardly impact the champion much, in Irelia's case, since it's her whole kit that makes her so damn strong. The Season Three items essentially fixed that, though it may have been a  wee bit  too much.   Now, with Cho'Gath, it's a different story! And here is where the awesome kicks in. For a very long time, Hotshot was just about the only Cho'Gath player in the competitive scene worldwide; And anybody else who played him was severely below his level. Just because Hotshot's playstyle meshes with the champion so well. Hotshot is patient, and works slowly and methodically in lane and teamfights. This is why I  still  think Hotshot is among the best - if not,  the  best - Cho'Gath in the world. It's best summed up by a conversation between Saintvicious and Doublelift (Sadly, "Confirmed on Saint's stream; how droll) right around when Liftlift joined CLG:   "Have you ever seen any Cho play as good as Hotshot?"   "Soaz kinda, I guess. Malunoo."   "No, they suck. Did they win tournaments with Cho? Did they even win any games or single engagements  because  of Cho?"   "I'd have to go check-"   "Nah, mang. Don't check replays. They ain't as good as Hotshot. Have you seen the Ruptures Hotshot lands? He holds that shit until he knows he can either get a major pickoff or hit more than one person. Just that  threat  of his godlike ruptures means he can walk at the entire enemy team and scare the shit out of him."   I'll let you guess who's who there.   Essentially, Cho'Gath's kit is also what makes him awesome! Though, it takes a lot more patience than most other champions. You can be quick and rash and aggressive with Cho, but you have potentially the  highest  gain out of  almost  any other champion by just threatening to even land a good Feral Scream, let alone a Rupture that could land onto multiple people. What makes Cho'Gath so amazing is that he's the beefiest, largest, most thick moving wall in the game. He's capable of single-handedly zoning entire teams away from an area or a choke point, granted he's in position first. He's the one champion that synergizes the most with map control - sans those with global potential of course - and  that  is just part of what makes him so threatening.   Singed, Nunu, Blitzcrank and Leona also do this very well  by themselves . Outside of that, Karthus, Anivia, Orianna and Lulu, as well as potentially Nami can do this with varying levels of team support, though they cannot do this  with their bodies . They effectively turn choke points into death traps. Anivia can do this by herself, Karthus needs light team support, and Orianna, Lulu and Nami require follow-up.   Of course, there are many other champions that can do this as well, such as Nasus and Trundle and even Rumble and Irelia, etc etc...But they threaten with high damage on the side along with team support. It's not often you get a champion that can wade through the enemy team for ten full seconds, but Cho'Gath is one of them.   If you're skilled with Cho'Gath, it is entirely your skill. You land one rupture on more than one person, and  you  won that teamfight for your team. Be it peeling or diving. Whereas Irelia needs a lot more conditions bent around killing the opposing carry in order to  come out looking good  in a teamfight.   ...Take all of this with a grain of salt and assuming  relatively  equal gold between two teams.
0	This isn't a bad decision, it was an opportunity to try something you thought you would enjoy. But somethings just aren't made for others. If you have the option to, you could have switched classes or put it off for another semester. What I suggest for future purposes, if you can, try and get to talk with a professor of a course that you plan to undertake. Maybe even find a date to attend a lecture or class when you have time. But for now, if you are still attending this class, just find it in yourself to work harder, and maybe find some tutors (this is a must sometimes).
0	Yeah. [Here's what I wrote the first time I saw this, with lots of context and edits not included below:](   I've often found that lying isn't really a problem as long as you tell the truth. Let me elaborate   When you craft a lie, the quality of the lie is directly proportional to the percentage of truth in the statement vs falsehood. Let's try an example.   >I'm at work.   This is fairly passable by itself, but a better lie will include details about what's happening at work. It's best for you add details you know to be true. Let's see what our lie looks like when we add a co-worker whom you know actually works today.   >I'm at work with Dan. He has me flipping burgers D:   Now your lie looks much better! Your annoying whoever thinks you're at work. This isn't a great example however, you can still get caught in a lie ten thousand ways after selling it. This method is best for maximizing your utter-psycho-manipulator lies.   >Stacy has been fucking your boyfriend.   That sounds pretty fucking bad as a lie. It's bald-faced, it's unverifiable in a way, verifiable in another way, and almost nobody wants to take your word for it. Let's clean it up: I know you and Stacy are the same size swimsuit and that your boyfriend bought you a new yellow bikini for your birthday.   >I think Stacy is fucking your boyfriend. I saw her at the beach with him in that skimpy little yellow bikini she has flirting with him. They left together.   Now our lie is greatly enhanced because it's coming at him every which way. If he isn't hiding the gift (doubtful) then she may find it and he'll be left with the lame excuse of "that was supposed to be your bday gift" which she won't be inclined to believe. If she doesn't find it and he gifts it to her...well you can imagine that disaster zone. The best part about this lie is that it's tailored to him. You know he and Stacy both go to the beach and your subject could easily believe that they happened to meet there spontaneously (or by Stacy's design.) The worst case scenario, that she confronts him right away and tells him you said all of that, is also manageable now. "Must have been somebody else."   For those of you thinking at this point: that shit could still go wrong a million different ways. No shit, lying involves risk. The point to hedging your lie with truths isn't to create "the perfect lie" (a 100% "true lie" or a lie that is composed entirely of true statements but somehow convinces the subject of a falsehood,) rather, it is to mitigate your culpability and maximize your chances of success.   This method is best suited to meta-lies (big relationship changing lies.)   >I'll never lie to you.   This is an unrealistic promise for various reasons (mostly you aren't a fortune teller) but the point is to inspire faith in this half truth, so let's couple it with some genuine sentiments.   >I'll never lie to you. I always want to be honest with you. You're the most important person in my life.   Now, assuming you're successful and some time down the road you're forced to or accidentally lie to the subject, the subject will swear to your truthfulness. Later on you'll have to do damage control by telling the absolute truth rather than telling more lies and here's why: in order to reconcile events with the truth, all that's needed is to explain the circumstances in which the falsehood was conveyed and your experience of the events.
1	No, but because of the weak early game it might be hard to carry really hard if your team is getting destroying in laning phase.   Also because Vayne is such a strong duelist, people want to 1v1... Late game.. this could mean getting baited into a 1v1 turning out to be a 1v3, then dying, thus throwing/losing the game :D
1	Honestly, that was bad of you. Why did you need to go top? If somebody wants to top, why not talk it out and try to get a solution that will please everybody instead of saying (not sure you said this, but way too many people do) "summoner's code hurr hurr imma fers pick top." Most of the time, you can work it out so that everybody ends up with a role they at least don't absolutely hate, or if not that went to willingly, and you preserve team morale/whatever.
0	You realise that more people now know about it and even if your post convinced some of those who previously did, to not watch it, the % of people who didnt know and now know, that wont be convinced, added to the number of people who are left not convinced by it will probably be a much greater number than the number that would have watched it without you making your post.
0	They are just going to pass on the costs to someone else.  Yay, you saved yourself $3/month on your cable bill.  Meanwhile, my father-in-law in Podunkville gets a notice that he and everyone in his area will get a 12-cent/month increase for "carrier charges" because he lives in the middle of nowhere.
0	As someone who had to commute 2.5 hours in order to attend 9am classes at university, it would annoy me no end that some students on campus would (a) not even bother coming in, or (b) turn up late. Particularly when they would later ask for your lecture notes or help with assignments.   What frustrated me even more was a day on which we were all to give individual presentations. I deliberately booked myself on an even earlier morning train to ensure I made the presentation on time, but was foiled by the service being cancelled. I turned up late, and despite explaining the circumstances behind me missing the appointed time, was still deducted marks. Apparently 'if it was a presentation at the WHO, I'm sure you would have made it on time'.
1	I have a problem with kassadin: I win my lane everytime, getting to the point where I can 1 vs 1 everybody on the enemy team. But when i get to mid/late game, i can't do nothing in teamfights. I think I have only won 2 or 3 games with him destroying the enemy nexus, and that's because I have someone who's also carrying. His teamfight power or at least, the way that I use him during teamfights his bad. Can someone give me tips on how to improve?
0	My  one of my grade school bullies works at the store I used to live by. Loved going shopping there, talking about college and so forth and then watching him run off to tidy up some aisle.
0	Some key points being missed here.  One is that due to way the legal system and society applies the laws regarding parenting: Mom will have custody of the child, and will make all the decisions about the child's upbringing - including how involved Dad will be.  This applies to every authority involved in the child's life; doctor, school, state, etc.   This also holds true for child support: Dad will end up paying Mom a huge chunk of his paycheck every week for the next 18 years.  For what is for most teens a one night or one month stand.   Pretty much everyone knows Mom will be responsible for raising her child.  Dad will fork over a large percentage of his earnings in child support, but Mom will decide on how that money is spent; a college fund or shiny toys to be a popular parent.  Dad will see the child every other weekend and have no actual say in decisions made on the child's behalf.   Naturally, the focus is on Mom, because Mom is - like it or not - the  one in charge!   Society assumes this, and the courts have set this as case precedence for so long that the letter of the law is now irrelevant.
0	Anyone who runs their mouth about secrets to their spouse is not a good friend.  Period.  You're a bad friend, and you should feel bad about yourself.  What if your wife has a friend she trusts that much so that she can tell her anything?  What about that person's person that they trust with anything(do you trust them with your best friend's dirty laundry too?)  It's bullshit.  It's called gossip, and people have hated people who do it for ages.  They're the absolute worst sort, and everyone knows it.  Just because you're married doesn't make it okay to gossip with your wife about things held in confidence.   Does my lawyer get to talk about my case with his wife?  What about my doctor?  No?  Then people I tell a secret to had better not.
0	Dude she left that Scumbag Steve because he was a Scumbag Steve and now you get to fuck her brains out.   I'm in that boat with you man. Girlfriend did some dirty stuff, asshole boyfriend opened his mouth and told everyone in our school (even made up stories and such).   Turns out she stopped cause he was an asshole. Now she's with me (almost been a year) and sex is fucking fantastic because she isn't one of those lifeless motionless girls.
1	As a person who has played far too much Yasuo (i luv you bb) I feel like he is in a very fine spot in terms of damage output and champion strength and I feel he is very healthy for the game except for one aspect. I feel as though his windwall is just stupid in teamfight situations and just zones for too long. I would rather windwall would have a shorter cool down (instead of around 20 sec iirc) but last for far shorter so as to only block important skillshots,  not just as a easy counter for adcs in duels by dashing in and out of the wall or force the carry to run away and not attack which is what he wants. So while with this type of change yasuo would  be able to block more skillshots over time, he would not be able to just zone teamfights(we've all seen braum yasuo just block whole teamfights right ?). This change would also nerf the power of a team with yasuo to siege which really shouldn't be his strongpoint as a light fighter or assasin(take your pick)   so
1	Please take him back. It was kind of annoying seeing some guy that I had never seen before talking about League of Legends in the biggest tournament to date. I want to see people that I know and that have developed their appearance at tournaments, not some random guy from Starcraft. Not only was he random, but every time he showed up he dominated the conversation and was pretty much talking the whole time. Each time the internet cut out and he showed up with Deman and Jatt, he would be the one talking for what seemed like the entire time he was in teh casting booth.
0	Great to hear you got teachers like that! I did too! Unfortunately though, the school division I recently graduated high school from needs improvement with these types of issues in numerous ways. Teachers here have to rebel against the divisions rules to act like this and risk losing their job at times.   For example: Teachers are forced to accept homework that comes in months late.  Teachers cannot give a final grade below 20 percent because the division fears it would "hurt the students feelings" .  Students who are fully capable of learning but don't seem to care are given 1 on 1 assistance. This may not be a problem, but when I see a teacher assistant helping a student who just doesn't care over a student who wants to learn but has a mental disability holding them back, it bothers me.   After I graduated I voiced my opinion to as many members of my school divisions Administration board, I have yet to hear back.
0	You're oddly upset about the situation. Let me explain. OP has learned enough to know that duck dynasty is popular, but not enough to know why or how. The joke here is that over a certain period of time, something seemingly random (especially for someone who is away) is now pop culture. Of course he could Google it and he probably has, but where's the fun in that? Perhaps he's posing the question in the form of a popular meme in order to promote comedic discourse.   I can picture you talking to an elderly person about Facebook. Yes they may know about it but perhaps not why it's so popular. Would you get mad if they asked you about it?   Oh come on gramps! Google it you hipster idiot!
1	As a mid-high gold player (gold 2) I can confirm you are most definitely not even low gold level if you can't carry bronze. A low/mid silver level player can hard carry 60-70% of bronze games and thats enough to get out of bronze in a few days.
0	I developed gluten/wheat, soy, and corn allergies in my early 30s. You don't know what hell it's been for me. Including the circus that has become going out to eat. It's even worse when your friends and family can't wrap their heads around the idea of someone developing a food allergy.
0	I hate "nice" guys with this mentality.  HEY I'M NOT A TOTAL TWATHOLE DATE ME.  Uh, no. I might not find you attractive. I might not even like you as a  person. I'm nice to you because its the polite thing to do, but really you might be effing creepy.  Or, I might have a boyfriend or be completely interested in someone else.  So, basically, its not me, its not you, its both of us.   Quite frankly, as a female, I'm rude to guys who act like the "creepy, over nice, obviously interested in me" guys if I don't want you around.  We all want men who treat us  right , not treat us like queens.  Sorry for the long rant, but I'm so tired of these posts.
0	Not from the departments I've worked in. The budget is there, but the reasons aren't. I know people who don't work in IT like to say "Hurr durr XP is the worst ever how can people still use it" which makes sense, to a point. But what it comes down to is this: the computer world changes fast. The requirements of a business do not.   Think of it this way- in ten years, several new operating systems may come out, but the change in a school curriculum is going to be marginal. The only students that are going to notice the difference are the students that are going to figure new technology out on their own time anyway. How about at a large company? Most people that are using computers all day are going to be using ancient accounting software, cloud based team management software, email clients, text editors... none of those things need fancy upgraded systems.   So there's no reason from the usage perspective to upgrade. IT is busy enough wiping the gunk off your keyboards and clearing the thousands of icons off your desktops. Which brings up another important point, service. You know that fancy thing where you can log into any computer at work and have your files there? You know how all the programs in the building upgrade at the same time, so IT doesn't have to go around and update office and photoshop on ever machine individually? Well that's thanks to some very nifty features in Microsoft's operating systems. I'm no fan of the company and use Linux/OSX at home, but if you want to manage a bunch of computers nothing works like windows. And these features don't work as well in new operating systems! They haven't been tested! AAH it's all a mess and now IT is crying in a corner, [their workflow is broken]( and the tickets are piling up.   After all this, it's amazing that you're getting an upgrade at all. Well not so much, since Microsoft is forcing it on everyone by discontinuing support for XP.   A very long
1	OMG vs SKT should have been the real finals... the amount of early aggression of both teams is really on-par and would have been a much more entertaining matchup overall with no clear favorite going into the series.   EDIT: For those saying SKT was able to "counter" OMG's playstyle in the 2nd group stage game, SKT did not read OMG's strategy "like a book" that game. That was simply Faker being a god and landing 4 charms in a row to pick off 4 outnumbered players under tower as they filed in slowly and out of position; Faker landing 4 charms wasn't a planned counter-strategy, but just a skillful outplay that paid out huge. Up until that point in the game, it was a very close match and thus SKT had not figured out a counter to OMG's playstyle. In a match-up of such high-caliber aggressive teams, one single misstep can be capitalized upon greatly, and Faker punished OMG's misstep; SKT did not plan that misstep by OMG as a counter-strategy.
1	Not entirely true. What happens, is the matchmaking system tests you as a player in your normals to determine your initial ranked game placement (I think, not positive though). It takes a piece of your normal game mmr leading up to you playing ranked, and places you in matches of random difficulty, giving you either above or below a 50% expected win chance, and will place you in a ranking based on whether you won or lost games it expected you to win or lose. (Here's a little background) I was 1000 elo in Season 1. Initially I won my first 9 ranked games, and then lost one, I was placed at 1500~ elo, and then I lost a bunch of ranked games and went down to 1000 elo. It was only after learning alot of the more basic mechanics (apparently you're not supposed to rush Mejai's on every champ ;D ) That I was able to improve, but I still couldn't get out of 1100 elo. Why? I was taking my approach to those games wrong. While alot of my games had ragers, feeders, trolls, etc. I was too busy blaming them, or trying to deal with them, that I wasn't focusing on the game, and I was reacting to those trolls, and feeders. Only after some intense games of realizing, that you can carry with any role, and that the best way to win a game is by being the most positive player in the world, and ignoring as much negative comments as you can (it's easier now witht he ignore button (yes you can just ignore everyone on both teams, it's sometimes the only way to get through a bad game)) and that's how you'll climb. I main supports. I am gold 1 currently and climbing. Sometimes I mess around in ranked games and try new champs, and new stuff  and will lose a couple games, but I always fall back to playing what I'm good at, and sometimes the best thing you can possibly do for yourself is do what's best for you. Does that mean go into every champ select saying "mid or feed" and then feeding if you don't get mid? HECK NO. Sometimes you get stuck with something you're not the most comfortable with, and are just plain bad at (I'm the worst jungler in the world (I only play ww and nunu jungle)). As long as you can win some of those games that you're stuck doing something you don't wanna do, you will be fine, because sometimes it does require you to get carried, sometimes you have a bad game and the only way you can win is by being positive and letting your team help you out and carry you to victory because you messed up lvl 2 and got ganked by jarvan and that a hole jax is now super fed and ahead, and you don't know what to do. Stay safe, say sorry to your teammates, get as tanky as you can (f*  damage when you're behind (unless you're an adc in which case get a lw and a bt asap (skip the PD)(APcarries build a zhonya's/athenes/abyssal asap))).
0	There really isn't anything racist about this. The only race that was targeted was whites, and its because you really don't see many white people doing this unless they're imitating other stereotypes that do.
0	The game is generally more enjoyable for more creatively-inclined people and is sometimes more fun in multiplayer.  The open-ended nature of the game requires goalsetting on the part of the player.  If you open up the game without ambition, it's not going to be fun.  Luckily, the frequent updates allow for new goals to be thought up often.
0	you have to throw it in the right direction, which can change on where you are in the world.....the boomerang doesn't "come back" it hovers in one place. As the earth rotates you actually "catch up'' to it, this gives the illusion of the boomerang coming back. For those saying the directions don't work; maybe its because they're designed for Australia, you might might need to modify the instructions if your in the States.
0	When I see my friends from high school quit university/college or skip out on school entirely to promote these kind of things, sometimes I become confused about what I am doing with my life. I'm a 3rd year university student and school ain't cheap. It can be stressful and make u wonder why the hell are u doing this at all. Not everyone can do the school things and I'm glad that some of my friends that they aren't in school are making an effort to make money and create a future. The problem is they join these things because when they hear the dollars they could make, their eyes light up and they get sucked into it. They promote it to me constantly, and tell me about the typical 'friend' that makes some large figure of money and will retire soon. I don't believe in these schemes but as more and more of people I know join these kind of things, I just wonder sometimes if what I'm doing in school is even fucking worth it. What if they do become the exception and make large sums of cash while I leave school with a piece of paper and debt? Sometimes I wonder if it's actually better on the flip side. Shit like this doesn't help.   edit:
0	Comment from roommate:  "I don't believe it. It has only been a week-- I would believe that level of craziness if it were a longer relationship, and if he were going to study abroad and she took a mold of his penis. This just doesn't seem realistic."
1	With all the mana-less champs (Kennen, Katarina, Vladmir) in AP roles, I tend to use speed quints.  It's so nice when your tier 1 boots gets you up to 397 on Kat.  I don't remember what it is for vlad, but it sure helps chase/run and procs nicely with Vlad's W and ghost.
1	Jinx has the 3rd highest win-rate in the game, this  change  just makes her early game weaker because she's oppressive in lane and scales well because she has AOE crits.   Graves was a stupidly strong laner who was a better version of Lucian and had a 30~% playrate when he got nerfed.   The nerfs aren't for no reason, if you were to look at the statistics Graves's winrate is now hovering around 50%.  The point of the nerfs was to increase diversity in the marksman role.  The top 3 most popular  ADC's (Jinx, Vayne, Ashe) are seen in  79.13% of of games.
1	You'd think so, but there is quite the common theme amongst the champions that is getting not only annoying but is entirely uncreative.   Look at the last few champions released and what do a majority of them have in common?  Partial to most of their story isn't even built around them.  It's based on some MIA element.  Yasuo's brother, Lucian's wife(though, this was more so a product of reddit speculation than anything), Jinx's sister, Aatrox's Darkin, Lissandra's Frozen Watchers, Quinn's brother, Vi's sister, and Zed's box.   They either don't spend time on their lore past the point where it gives reason for a champion, or they're not giving it to us for some reason.  Most of the champions don't even pass the "describe their background to a friend" test.  Explain Zed to someone?  "He's a ninja that go kicked out of ninja school and then came back to ninja school and was going to destroy this box where he got his powers but the box did something and then Zed killed his master."  Explain Diana to someone?  "Diana was a member of the Solari that wanted to prove that the moon was just as strong of a power-at-be as the sun.  When she found her armor and blade in Mount Targon, she returned to the Solari elders to show them the fruits of her research where she was labeled a heretic and condemned to death.  She then broke her binds using the power of the moon and killed everyone."  There's a huge difference when plot essential subjects in the character's background are actually described.   One not listed here that I've had a problem with ever since I first played this game was Janna.  Have you read her lore?  It's like the dream of a 3rd grade girl.  It's literally, Janna was a street urchin, met some mysterious dude, and became the strongest wind bender in the world over night.  It's infuriating.   All-in-all, I guess my point is that these flashy graphics and videos mean shit when they don't support a complete story.
1	Ummm, farming GP Q is far superior than harassing with it. First off, CS refunds half the cost, and the extra gold makes up for any denied or missed creeps.   It differs from Veigar because he only gains 1 AP which doesn't translate into Mid game as much as some extra gold for that big item or pots. Secondly, Veigar can follow up with an AA for better harass and has kill pressure when he gets the enemy low. Against GP you just need to clear the creeps if he tries to harass you since he can't clear and with no reliable CC he lacks kill pressure. Lastly, GP can afford to give up the lane pressure and be harassed as he has a self heal.
0	Thanks for saying that.  THanks for noticing.   I also want to point out that its not really easy to stop a kid from kicking a seat.  I mean, your common sense says, "You stop that kid from doing that right now."   But what if mom reprimands the kid and the kid starts crying and screaming because she doesnt like when you talk like thaaaaat?   No one wants that.   So maybe mom should calmly tell the child that it is not nice to kick the chair.  "Remember we talked about that earlier, sweetie?"  And that kid might just go, "But I want to.  I like kicking chairs."   Kick kick kick.   Maybe mom could physically restrain the child?  Hold those little legs down?  That kid is going to scream.  I guarantee it.
1	Like I said. I come from SC2 where the games are considerably shorter, but yes, maybe it should be reduced to 1-2 games.   Besides the OP said he was around the 2k elo braket, by this I am judging that he has a lot of spare time to play the game.   And yes, I am still in "school." I am studying computer science degree at university. Despite this, I still manage to get in ~5 hours of gaming daily (most of which is in LoL) without it affecting my studies, my social life, or my sleeping pattern.
0	yes, because the "saps" (junior enlisted servicemembers) in the barracks totally make the rules. As a medical professional I'm 110% for aggressively curbing sexual crime, but the political babysitting bullshit they use against single servicemembers is practically inhumane.
1	Yeah just got wrecked by an annoying team comp. Seems like nothing is fun for too long. Have played something like 13 games never on a same champ twice. Just thought to try gangplank out cause Q spam sounds fun. Our team GP, Teemo, Nidalee, Rengar and Shaco, their team Lux, Ezreal, Gragas, Swain, Sion. Was in a lane match up Lux+Ez vs GP+Teemo, nothign we could do we didn't have wave clear nor could we fight, and they could just poke us down. I actually think of myself quite good mannered for a league player, but after that game I was fucking so angry that I thought I should just stay clear of this game mode for the rest of the week. You get fun game so rarely, and even half off those are fun mostly because you can stomp the enemy.
0	The funniest thing I have realized is, from what I have observed (best friend and cousin are butchy lesbians) is that MOST butchy lesbians prefer lipstick lesbians. Most lipstick lesbians PREFER lipstick lesbians BUT butchy lesbians wind up with butchy lesbians.   Its just like in the hetero world. We all have our preferences, doesn't mean we end up with that.
1	I have an account playing at plat MMR, but I am currently working on a second account. The goal of my second account will be to train, just like /u/daddyankme's hypothetical account, however I'm still going to be happy with my secondary account being brought to a higher ELO   The reason for this, would be that if I'm facing gold/plat players on my dummy account, I'm getting better practice for my plat than I would be when I'm practicing something on a bronze smurf account when my enemies are acting nothing like higher leveled opponents would be.   I'm doing this to practice new roles at the plat level without having to worry about dropping mmr on my main.   The difference between having a secondary ranked account vs just practicing via normal queue on your main account is that you still run the risk of being paired with silver and gold players while your enemies are also silver gold with just 1 other plat/diamond on their team in normal queue.   So if I were to play Ashe in normal queue, I run the risk of wasting 40 minutes of my time just beating on poor silver/gold ez and soraka bot with a so-so support, while my top laner is getting massacred by a diamond 4 Renekton. None of that crap applies to what I WILL be facing when I play ranked, so your solution of "I would suggest playing games in normal draft. You shouldn't use an account in a lower division as some sort training tool in ranked." Is nonsense, RiotRhojin. It's honestly rare that I get matched with full plats and diamonds unless I'm queued with a party of my MMR peers.
0	Technically, yes, but for the most part no; BMI is simply a number that represents the relationship of OVERALL weight to height. You could be stacked with muscle and have a healthy fat % but still have an "obese" BMI of 30--however, I'm pretty sure this isn't the case for most people. Obesity is also associated with a bunch of other medical problems (diabetes, heart disease, hypertension, joint pain, etc.). You'd also put tons of pressure on your organs and probably get fatty buildup on them (i.e. liver and heart) which affects their ability to function. Physiologically speaking, I'd say "healthy" and "obesity" are mutually exclusive.   HOWEVER if you look at health from a view beyond the definition that health is "the absence of disease or dysfunction", then I suppose you could argue that a person could be both obese and healthy.   Body fat % is a more accurate measurement of "healthiness" than BMI, which just measures height vs. weight. The healthy range of body fat % varies with height, gender, and age.
1	This game is almost completely different than in season 3 a lot has changed. I would recommend reading  a lot of the patch's notes on riot's site. Also you can watch the past few blakinola
1	Lets say you are attempting to do this, when your team picks tryn, tf, trist, and lux.  (this isn't my who's who of bad champs, simply an undesirable comp you may find at that elo)  Would you pick a carry still?  Or try and carry the game in some other manner?  What if someone calls mid?  Can you really carry as a jungler?  What if as you're jungling someone feeds before you even finish the jungle and you go to cover their lane, then another solo dies and you cover their lane, so the other team's jungler takes your shit?
1	Zac's E is is an instant interrupt/CC only when casted from close range. You have fast CC (like Leo's Q) OR you have medium range initiation (like Leona's E) with half-channeled jump. These two E's usage can be quite good in lane, that's right, but as they are the same skill, have shared, very long cooldown early. These two usages are quite hard do avoid, that's true. 2nd one, tho, can be interrupted by any snare or hard CC. Good Leo, Zyra, Thresh, Janna, Annie and Morg can deal with it easily. Long range E is actually quite easy to avoid, if maintaining proper vision and being aware of Zac's positioning. Also, if you're trying to initiate as Zac, in most cases, you leaves your carry without proper peel. And when you try to stick to carries and initiate from this position, you're prolly in vision, so it can be interrupted with ease or just avoided by fast disengage.   He is way less tankier in all-ins (Leo's have better base defensive stats outside of HP, but she's not using HP as resource!), and when I agree that he gets pretty good sustain, he needs to use his abilities to get it. When you use abilities, you shows your enemy when he can initiate on you. Also, when using them on minons, you push lane pretty hard, which opens you versus jungler ganks. When using them in fights, it's way too unrealiable to catch blobs, esp. that  abilities cost you only a bit lower amount of health.   About Spirit Visage, yeah, it's nice, but what about times when you need to get Mikael's? What about AD teams? Isn't Randuin's better? What's more - when and how you get gold for it? You need to get that FotM, ruby sightstone, pinks, upgraded red trinket, prolly mercs. during this time Leona's W will get her shitload of EHP with same HP items.   Ok, so let's now do some math. Let's assume same runes and masteries giving 20AP. Level 3 4-second all-in (everything to give Zac chance, Leo's can deal her damage load in about 1.5 sec, can also go for cheesy AD runes+doran's start):   >Zac: E+Q+W+later W, also up to 3 autoattacks with base ASpd:   80+70+40+40 (+1.2AP) flat magic damage; 8(+0.02AP)% enemy max HP; 3*64(+bonusAD). Skill damage is AoE, so let's assume that you hit 2 of them. It's..  508+16.8% enemymaxHP magic damage, 192 physical damage . Not bad, but you need to do everything perfectly!   >Leona: E+Q+delayed W. Q is double autoattack reset (it resets animation after cast, and makes attack animation after shield bash way faster). So, with base attack speed you can get about 5 autoattacks. Let's assume only 2 procced passives (from E and W), you don't really have 100% chance to be sure that your ADC will be good enough to deal damage between your E and Q.   So, it's 60+40+60 (+1.1AP) flat magic damage; 5*64(+bonusAD); 2 passives = 70 magic damage. E and W are AoE, so we count it's damage and passive damage as doubled. It's..  458 flat magic damage; 320 physical damage.  Pretty good too!   Which one is higher? Zac deals 50 more flat magic damage, but loses with 128 physical damage. Enemy need to have at least 470 maxHP avarage for Zac to deal more damage. In most cases it's true, and he doesn't need ADC help to deal his damage load. Problem is, the difference is close to 30-40 damage in best possible scenario for Zac. Enemy is stacked, all your skill hits them both, trade last long enough for you to catch blobs and get 2nd W off. Great. Not gonna happen in normal game tho, what's more - even with best case, Leona's stun is longer than knockback on 2 champions combined. And you alse get snare on Zenith Blade. You can CC anemy ADC for longer than Zac, meaning that it's in vulnerable position AND can't unload his damage.   OK, OK, I'm close to end of this rant - ultimate. I agree that Zac's R is better in some cases than Leona. It deals more damage, breaks slows on him, gives him free sustain and is way harder to avoid. But. You need to be close to enemy to us it. You can't use it as peel tool for your 2nd carry without flash. You can't use it as followup initiation without jumping in and tanking. It's a bit more reliable in catching enemies off guard bc of this. You don't need to charge E, show enemy that you want to initiate, and after 1.5sec channel jump in and ultimate. You just press button and catch person off guard. You don't need to stun, slow is enough to follow up in most cases. With much lower cooldown. So low colldown, that sometimes it's good way to zone enemy off dragon pit. Or just use it to burst someone in late laning phase.
1	I think with the addition of Altec, you personally have been playing a lot better recently (minus that flash, you know which one I'm talking about). I also think that your teams level of success is pretty closely tied with Snoopeh's level of play. Some games he seems to play fairly well and you usually win, some games he doesn't have much of an effect and things slowly get out of hand.
1	Actually I have a question is the person translating for Cool the OMG translator? Because based on my experience, usually some random guy that you guys/riot gets to help translate gives an average Chinese speaking person cancer. aka that translator at All-stars. What that guy said at All-stars and what PDD, Misaya/Wx/etc all said where usually miles away in terms of meaning.
1	Ok are you guys actually serious in saying he talks too much?  People troll 10 times harder then this, and I think it's funny personally.  Ok yeah I get people who troll and suck, but this guy isn't a toxic player.  Since when was it smart or efficient to be anti-social in league?  Especially when /all chat is bumping with hilarious jokes.  The point of the game is to have fun, and if you lose focus because other people are typing in chat... bad player is bad.
0	I was thinking Australian, but truth be told; I don't know the difference.
1	Overall:   Weakest member of TSM the whole season : TheOddOne and TSM got no one to take hes place.   Terrible ban/picks for TSM.   Balls is way better than Dyrus.   LemonNation is a god support.   TSM bot lane was shutdown.   Meteos is probably the best jungler in LCS   Bjergsen .... wtf are those picks ?<
1	I feel your pain.   The first game that I saw Ezreal's dance in, I didn't know what it was from or what he was doing but I knew it was perfect.   I grinded (ground?  Grounded?) for ip with the enthusiasm only summoners who are level 5 can have.  Soon, my efforts were met with great reward - the prodigal explorer was MINE.   I sauntered mid with my doran's and my pot and I won every dance off against the other ad carries (and every fb at level 2 with exhaust/cv shortly after).  I faced the horrors of Mordekaiser mid, I fought through Tristana's DOT and I trounced over the occasional Ashe. I loved my prodigal explorer and trained with him daily and he rewarded me with some of the greatest plays a level 20 with global damage could pull off.   Then I started seeing a lot of men on fire at mid.   Levels 2 through 6 became a lot scarier.  Soon after my explorer was being shoved bot lane with a dopey unicorn and told to  sit, stay .  It was more boring, but there was still fun to be had, tragedy to be shared and triumphs to earn.   Then Graves came along.   The first  manly  carry and bot lane suddenly became the place to be.  I had to rush to pick Ezreal during champ select and call my place on the team before scruffy and his gun stole it.   It wasn't long before Ezreal became a troll pick.   INSERT ODD ONE QUOTES HERE   Those were some pretty dark times but I had a candle to ward away the darkness.  I had his skins.  "Oh I'll just get his Nottingham skin" I thought. "It kinda looks like link and I certainly won't be getting any more."  Oh how naive I was.   Pulsefire Ezreal was announced and I was fairly unimpressed.  "They took away his gauntlet and I don't think he'll be throwing archaeology with that skin but it's a new skin so what the hell."   Fast forward  five   six  seven months   HOLY HELL, PULSEFIRE IS ABOUT TO COME OUT ISN'T THAT TRAILER AWESOME   And then someone else instalocked Ezreal.  And started bragging about how they bought him with rp and had more saved for pulsefire.  And our jungler chimed in about how they didn't play Ezreal but would buy him for the skin.  And our mid chimed in to agree.   These people were talking  shit  about him and then were lining to buy him, all within the space of a week.  And soon, I would be  FIGHTING  them just to play my favorite carry.   And then Pulsefire Ezreal was released.   And it got ugly.   My carry was everywhere and I was never the one with him.  I got angry.  I blamed Riot, I blamed the other players and eventually I started blaming Ezreal.  We fell apart.  He stopped becoming my go-to for AD Carry.   ( In the case of Pulsefire instalockers by necessity, but over time by choice )   I moved between Varus and Draven and Corki and Tristana and Ashe and over time something happened.  I got over my prodigal explorer.  I still harbor no small amount of resentment towards all those players who jumped on the Pulsefire bandwagon but other than that I feel nothing special towards Ezreal.   I became a better player as I learned the nuances of stutter stepping with draven, back line initiating with Ashe, bursting with Trist and the importance of cdr with Varus; but I never bonded with any of them like I did before.   I became a better player, but the spark was gone.   I know exactly what you're going through and I want to tell you it will get better.   It won't.   There will be noobs who will instalock Karma spouting the skin YOU earned, there will be ragers who feed with the skin YOU love and it's not fair.  It's stupid and idiotic and there is nothing you can do about it.   All you can do is endure.  They can take your spot on the team.  They can rage at you for picking her when she falls out of grace.   But they can't make you lose her.
0	It's like they aren't aware they smell like a middle school. The ads make it clear what demographic they're aiming for. Axe body spray smells of immaturity.   Also, if you shower after going to the gym, your sweat won't start to smell. Just use some deoderent if you're feeling insecure about B.O. not half a can of chemically eau'd teenageboy. Fresh sweat doesn't really have much of a scent, it's old sweat that does, so unless you're working out for hours on end, people probably won't notice. Covering up sweaty b.o. with body spray instead of just taking a shower and using some soap is super gross.   Add to that the apparent unawareness (and ladies do this too!) that you're not supposed to be able to smell perfume or cologne until you're very close to the other person. That's the point of it, so when you are getting your flirt on you smell nice in a subtle way. You're not supposed to be able to smell it two feet aware, or half way across the room. If I can smell somebody from across the room and my allergies flare, I'm 100% guaranteed not going to want to be anywhere near that person. It's super inconsiderate.   Throw in that some people have allergies which are triggered by strong chemical scents (eyes itching, throat/sinus pain/irritation, head ache, some combination of the above or other symptoms) it's just inconsiderate to wear that much body spray.   /rant
0	I started eating more than my daily calories.   When I was.. 18 or so I weighed 130 lbs @ 5'10". I could bench press 80lbs. Overhead press was 45lbs for one rep. I ate around 2000-2500 calories a day I think. I didn't workout often and my school "P.E" program only included cardio.   Then I started living at college. I had always eaten until the food was gone. My college had an all-you-can-eat buffet... so I did. I ate 3000 calories a day for a while, built up to 4,000. I eat almost ANYTHING now. I drink a half gallon of milk on any day I work out. I do the big 3 lifts+ overhead every single week, even if I have the flu.   I am still 5'10" but weigh 170 today. Of the 40lbs I gained about 35 of it is muscle/other lean tissue. I was what you would call "skinny-fat". I now bench 180 and overhead press 120 or so... and that is after I cracked a rib and had to stop benching for a couple months. My old photo I.D. looks nothing like what I am now. I really wish I had before pics. On my current exercise regimen I am gaining 5 lbs a week on bench and 10 on deadlift/squat. 2.5 on Overhead. Not sure how long it will last.
0	Irony being I have an English degree with a high mark from a well-respected university.  You are aware what a dissertation is?   If you don't want to read an extended, rational explanation for something, you don't have to make everyone else aware of your laziness.
1	If a player dc, I don't kill him, but if he come back on lane lv1 and i'm let's say lv6 I will hunt him and kill him, no need to continue a game like that, waiting to be ganked and killed is useless, doing nothing is useless.   -Diamond
1	good real talk   Like accusing the guy he responded to of arbitrarily counting things that are "good" or "bad", then listing his own list of things that "players value"? One of which is a feature that they added for a few days, then removed?   And he says shit like "behind the scenes we're doing cool stuff, trust me!" or "we make modifications to systems you don't know about, in ways you won't notice".   When Valve updated CS:GO's matchmaking, it was smart and significant and made it into the patch notes because they knew players wanted to know what was up. In short, if you lose to a hacker or an MMR booster, and they get caught, your MMR will be refunded.   It virtually ended boosting and hacking at my rank (DMG) over night .   They didn't have to brag about "really solid behind the scenes work!" because they were making shit happen that they  could  brag about. What can Riot brag about in the past six months? The past year? That's not to say Valve are infallible, they're not. And their CS:GO team is  clearly  understaffed. They try to push out updates that just don't adequately fix some problems (wallbang consistency, smoke grenade balance). You know it's fucked up when the "we tried, we might fail" company is  Valve . Riot have assumed the position of "we're going to sit on an idea for a year because we're afraid it won't work".   The summoner's rift update is major. That's huge. That's thousands and thousands of man hours of work that has  literally  no downsides attached. Every facet of that just emanates competency.   Name another department at Riot that operates the same way. Game balance? New champions? Player behavior? The LCS schedule? NA CS? New client? New franchises / new games (hows that TCG going, huh? Supremacy? They folded to Blizzard before Hearthstone took off the way it did)   Maybe Riot are truly in a year-long rut where SO MUCH is going on behind the scenes that late 2014 will blow everyone away. Maybe the  creative output  of the thousand-odd Rioters working at the company globally are set to blow us all away despite poor organization or management. Maybe this infrastructure building with all those international offices is going to contribute something to player experience.   Or maybe, despite the community-focused environment and the "passionate gamers" working behind the scenes, having a loose corporate structure where nothing gets done and major opportunities are passed up is going to cause stagnation.  If this is the sort of post a Rioter needs to make when Riot is experiencing unprecedented growth, imagine what things will be like when League has plateau'd or starts to decline in popularity .
0	It is sacrilege for someone in a state of mortal sin to receive the Eucharist.  People who publicly champion heretical causes are in an obvious state of sin.   Most of the time, priests don't know who's in a state of sin or not; people are expected to use their best judgment and seek the grace of confession.   People who are publicly divorced and remarried are also in an obvious state of sin, so priests will refuse to compound their sacrilege against marriage with further sacrilege against the Eucharist.
1	I've played pretty much every MOBA out there, the big thing in my opinion when picking up a new MOBA is learning the abilities of each hero/champion and the game's itemization. With 100+ champions in LoL it won't happen overnight.   The actual strategy of the game isn't too complex. Most of the focus is on pushing towers and taking Dragons (Can think of it like Roshan, only gold though, no aegis) that spawns every 6 minutes. Warding in LoL is pretty different than Dota, there's no team limit to wards but instead an individual player limit. Each player can place 3 invisible wards and one visible ward that give true sight around it.   What might be confusing to a new viewer is the lane swaps that go on early. When you play yourself, this is hardly done and you'll have a solo mid laner (Usually AP mage or assassin), solo top laner (Generally a bruiser/tanky champion but not always), a ranged carry in bot with a support, and a jungler.   Teams will lane swap in competitive games to avoid unfavorable matchups between champions that might hold an advantage in lane over the other. You'll also see the top laner follow around the jungler to 'duo jungle' on occasion if the swap creates a situation where it's unsafe for him to go to lane alone, because he might get dove and killed, so sometimes a lane will be empty.   Each major region, NA, EU, China, Korea and South East Asia have their own regional season that ends in a playoff which ultimately determines the teams that go. NA and EU will be adopting the Korean style of using circuit points over a 'spring split' and 'summer split' season. There are wild card teams from lesser established regions that participate in a wild card tournament.   I kind of rambled a bit but I hope any of that was helpful to you. But
1	I think it's interesting how up to Season 2, and even for a lot of Season 3, ADCs were ticking timebombs of "you can't deal with this" three shotting tanks, and when they are finally brought more in line with other roles everyone loses their minds.   There was a great post on the forums a while ago that highlighted this attitude. ADCs getting bursted too hard? Better nerf burst mages and assassins. ADCs not doing enough damage? Better nerf tanks and tanky items. ADCs were the center focus of balance for the LONGEST time, mostly because they were the center focus of every team comp and strategy for the longest time.   Now other roles can carry just as well, but it feels like ADCs are so much weaker. While they are weaker comparatively to Season 2 and 3, they are more in line with other roles, and we should really only be more concerned if they have less impact than any other role.   Riot has decided that every role should have the opportunity to carry in some form, ADCs were the strongest role for the majority of the game's history; significantly stronger than top lane, slightly stronger than mid, and incredibly stronger than support or jungle. Now junglers and supports are much better, ADCs are slightly worse(lets not pretend they don't hurt with a crit item or two), mid lane was a bit better for most of Season 3 and 4, but is more in line after the last slew of assassin nerfs. Top lane is kind of a wild card, with picks like Jax or Nasus that can hypercarry, but other picks that can have questionable effects on the overall pace and direction of the game, to the point of borderline uselessness.
1	Blizzard's programmers have nothing to do with League of Legends programmers, replay functions exist. The code for it exists. The concept exists. You don't need to be a rocket scientist to make it work. We've also seen countless programs made from fans that work just as well.   When you design software you actually have a specific set of functions you wish to perform. The constraints come from the logic and the actual ability to perform those functions. For example, I do not write code so that I avoid making every single turn but a left turn, instead I code so that I turn left.   I don't understand how you somehow equate client to game. Those are two very completely different pieces of software. That's like saying your excel spreadsheet is fucked up because Excel is fucked up.   Sure you need the client to start the game, but the game itself is a completely different entity. That's why replays work, you basically run a script that records everyone person's actions and mouse movements and key presses, then you write the actions into a file that you then make a special "rito" format. You then run those actions across processors (or computer players). That is your replay function right there.   Then you insert break code so that you can assume the screen region location of any computer at any given time. That way you can say "If play clicked then assume control".   Essentially you would store these text files on people's local TMP folders for perhaps a month, then you would just delete them as you go. Starcraft had files forever... There is no reason not to have these files exist.   Replay code is simple, pretending like it takes them 5 years to make something so simple is pathetic. Asking them to fix anything is pathetic, these people MAKE money not fixing things because fixing things makes them boring. No one wanted to play Jax when they "fixed" him... everyone got upset when "one for all" got fixed... It's very common to think that fixing these things will make it better. Riot makes too much money to fix their shit and they know it. They are just as corrupted as the corporate game designers that make shitty games like Destiny and Heart of the Swarm.   They are the same people who design games like DayZ and expect you to wait that long for "the real thing"... We all know it'll never happen, we all know that whatever finished product they put out will never be finished. The best games I've ever seen are closed off CD games that never get updated.   So yea, I may not know all the code that goes into the client or the game, but here is your
1	Ezreal is way harder to mess up with because his Q has 750(?) range and his E has a very low cooldown, especially when you hit your Qs.   Also Ez's e is a blink his ult is a global etc.   Ez isn't nessecarily harder to play than lucian but rather puts weak points on different things on lucian.
1	I know nothing about OP, so that could be true. That being said, look at the following quick math. This doesn't count MR or MPen. OP has 78 MR, and Nidalee has 40% MPen + masteries. Safe to say OP has effective MR after MPen is taken into account.   Items:  > LB    80ap    350mp   > VS    70ap            40% mpen   > RD    140ap            +30% ap   > AS    45ap    400mp    +1000mp    3% max mana -> ap (assuming full Archangel's)   > MS    180ap (assuming full Mejai's)   Default for Nidalee:  > Mana        220 + 45*18 = 1030   Quick math: > Total mana = 1030 + 350 + 400 + 1000 = 2780   > Raw AP = 80 + 70 + 140 + 45 + 180 = 515   > AP bonus from mana    = 2780*.03 = 83.4   > Pre-RD AP = 515 + 83.4 = 598.4   > RD AP bonus = 598.4*.3 = 179.52   > Post RD bonus    = 598.4 + 179.52 = 777.92   Nid Spear max: 575 (+1.625 per ap)   Max Damage possible from one spear = 575 + 1.625*777.92 = 1839.12   Assuming that Nidalee had exactly enough MPen to cancel out OP's MR, her spear at max range would do 1839 damage. I seriously doubt it was one spear.
0	I was in the ER, and in the bed closest to me was a drunk guy who was complaining  about back pain.  I heard him explain to the Dr. that his back hurt and he did not know how or when it started.   After examining the patient, the Dr. told him that he had been stabbed, and the blade was still in his back, since the handle was broken off it would be hard to remove.   The doctor pressed him for any more information about when, or how it happened, saying that it could make treatment better.  Drunk guy said he had no ideas, and the Dr. should just pull the knife out and he would be on his way.   The Dr. left, and Drunk girlfriend showed up.  He told her a story about Drunk best friend stabbing him, and then driving him to the ER.
1	Me goofing off in blind pick learning Zyra. Loading screen pops up - Akali mid and Talon jungle. Awesome. No problem, I passively farm and use plants to harass/zone Akali for a while. Use seeds to ward side bushes. All good - up by about 15 CS at level 5.   Jax jungle ganks for me. Goes pretty well, shes at 40 health and ignited under her tower. 150ish HP Jax decides he wants to secure the kill or something, jumps on her, gets killing blow. Tower kills him, gives Akali the kill. Great, even in gold now.   I'm low health so I blue pill. Get back Akali still missing, call MIA. Bot decides, "better push the shit out of my lane!" A wild Talon/Akali combo appears. Akali gets double kill. Level 6 3/1 Akali comes back to lane. Get caught moving out to my side of river to seed farm.   But this isn't enough. Now Talon decides to camp mid. They power dive me under my tower a couple of times, killing me within the silence. Game ends a bit later with a 18/2/x Akali and a 0/5/2 Zyra "GG bad mid - report for feed."
1	then again, why not ban those and let bjergsen play leblanc, someone that can make plays. at least morg ban would of been decent, then if c9 picks kha, tsm can just take elise.   The 2 games karma pick Imo was just awful. i feel like yeah she does a lot for a team, but bjergsen was not a support mid laner type player, they gave him Nidalee in game 3 and look how many spears he was landing. making plays and applying a shit ton of pressure. not to mention how karma cannot do shit in teamfights vs c9's comp, she can probably q every 5+ second which is actually a long ass time, yeah she can provide shields but if you look at c9's comp, they hit 1 q with morgana then elise cocoon followed by them freely using their abilities on you, those shields don't do anything.   Also, no one on Tsm could get to c9's backline you have renekton just barely could do anything. 2 games tsm probably wouldn't even touch C9's backline ( 3. renekton/eve - only renekton could probably go onto their carries) then 1. Lee/xin - both squishies probably die instantly from peel that sneaky would get.   in game 2 however they could do it with xin/rene, but guess what? lulu mid coming in from hai, even more peel, even more shields meaning tsm couldn't do anything about sneaky farming up and then totally destroying them in teamfights, but if they had bjergsen on another mid laner that can make plays and assist oddone and dyrus then it would of been 2 different games. including the fact that dyrus lee pick was not that great...
1	Who the hell upgrades their trinket at lvl 9? O.o   Even when I'm fed, I wait until I'm full build to upgrade my trinket. When I'm a lowly support, I always need the money for the (really expensive :( ) Aegis, or Sunfire or something.
1	I went 7-3 in my placement games... in 2 of the wins and all 3 of the losses, Yasuo was on the winning team. Every other game he was banned.
0	This is not a confession its an opinion.  Most people don't like seeing children get beat.
1	Bard is one of my mains and I do not normal cast neither smart cast w/range indicators his E. I know sometimes you have to know when it is going to go, but most of the times i use it for scaping from or baiting the enemy, and I have to react fast.
1	I agree with you, this was my reply to this post   To be perfectly honest i love facing Fiora as a top laner. Yes she becomes untargetable when she ults but thats why you learn how to counter play it. I personally like to take someone like a shen or lissandra against her and grab exhaust. When she dashes towards me i either e-taunt her right away as shen so that she takes a lot of minion aggro and i automatically win the trade or of I'm liss i w-stun her as soon as she comes in and then auto q auto kite. If I'm irelia, i e-stun then w and q away. If she comes close to me again i do the same, yes she may put dmg onto me but she can only kill you with her ult if you're low in health and if thats the case be prepared to exhaust her as soon as she dashes in because she will ult.
1	To respond to that (since I was too tired to think about it in depth yesterday as it was 3 AM), it isn't too far fetched to believe that Shen's father would HIDE the fact of what he has done so far. Thus calling him an orphan after he had killed his old body makes sense. Not to mention that It is all fine and good with what Zed has done so far because balancing forces and what have you. If it were learned however that he was actually a force of balance who had betrayed the Kinkou however, it would be likely to attract more attention.
0	Pavlov would be proud.   Is that all you got man?  Really?   You must be new to le reddit army,  fresh meat  if you will (or rather   fresh bacon  lol). It's okay, I like breaking the n00biez in.  Now comes my favorite part.  You see friend at reddit there is a tool. It's called the upvote button. (This tool has a counterpart which we will get to later.) You see the upvote button is kinda like the "like" button on Facebook. (which I'm guessing for your incredibly thoughtful response, you are very familiar with.) Now let me tell you a little difference between reddit and your Facebook. The upvote button has a symbiotic relationship (almost yin yang) with its opposite. The Downvote button. It's pretty much how to show the guy or gal posting above you anywhere from "hey I don't agree with that statement" all the way up to "go die in a fire you insufferable shit" (in this case it's the latter) Beautiful concept huh? So maybe take it back to Facebook or you will suffer for not stopping yourself before posting mindless rants in the comment section.
1	1, It will take a significant time investment, which also means money investment.  The same people that would be spending all this time working on a "new game" would realistically be the same people working on patches, performance, etc so unless a whole new team is hired for this project the current game will suffer.   2, It would very likely require a whole new account setup, you'd have to figure out how to transfer all of everyones purchases, unlocks, etc into the new system.  You mess this up at all or make people abandon there old stuff you WILL lose customers.   3, Due to it being based around a different engine and setup entirely there would very likely be some differences.  Perhaps minor, perhaps improvements, perhaps major.  At the end of the day while they can duplicate a map, stats, etc games shifting engines will be different.   4, Hardware requirements, its very likely if such an task were pursued the end product would be much harsher on lower end systems.  On a non-gaming laptop you can still play LoL but usually Dota2 would require low settings and potentially be laggy.  This improved version would likely have similar system requirements/specs as Dota2.   In general what this would basically mean is they would be making LoL2.  All of those issues were just top of the head kinda things, thats not even approaching more technical issues like the infrastructure requirements of having connected international server setups accross the globe or anything along those lines.
0	You're not an idiot.  Ebola is a terrible time.  The irrational fear here is that we'd see a terrible ebola outbreak in the states if it gets over here. The current outbreak overseas is only as bad as it is because:   Poorly educated, abused, supertitious locals:     Believe doctors cause ebola (barely sick -> go to doctors -> dead)     Believe sorcery causes ebola     Disbelieve recommendations for isolating ebola victims and disposing of their corpses     Don't have good access to medical facilities     Don't reach doctors until symptoms are advanced       In some cases, locals are actively working against doctors trying to treat ebola.  They're removing patients from care, or preventing patients from getting care.  When victims die, they conduct burial rituals that involve much touching of the victim.  They aren't constantly disinfecting themselves the way we do in the U.S. Even when someone has vomiting, diarrhea, even containing blood, they aren't necessarily seeking care  or  isolating the victim.   Note that, while Ebola is highly contagious, it only spread through direct contact with bodily fluids  of someone who is presenting symptoms .  If you don't seem sick, you can't spread Ebola.  It's not airborne, either.
0	No, "time travel" is not a violation of the laws of physics. It's just incredibly hard to do practically. For example, if you were to throw a very massive object past a black hole, it'd bend space into what's known as a "closed, time-like curve," or a time-mobius-strip. Which is exactly what it sounds like.   While black holes are on the table, I'd like to present another type of "backwards time travel," the phenomena of frame-dragging. Some research has been done, and in fact proof-of-principle devices have been patented (but not yet funded), suggesting that frame dragging can create a sort of stationary point in time, such that once a device is turned on, you could travel back from any point in the future to the moment when the device was activated. All of these techniques would follow the laws of momentum conservation. Momentum can NEVER NOT BE CONSERVED.   When you see something in literature about a machine that can travel through time  to another location,  it's really just traveling through both space  and  time. There's nothing wrong with that. But it has to expend extra energy to move through the normal three dimensions of space along with the fourth of time.   Your logic in the last paragraph is a little flawed. You're acting like, as soon as the machine begins to travel back in time, it "disappeared" and then "reappeared" elsewhere, so that no forces were acting on it during that time period. The only way that would be possible would be through traversing an Einstein-Rosen Bridge, or a wormhole in scifi parlance. Traveling through a wormhole is no different than traveling near a black hole, in that, despite the weird things that happen, you're still subject to physical laws--it's just that those laws are weird under extreme circumstances. But in either case,  momentum is conserved.   Now, I'd like to introduce a concept to you of Minkowski Space and the World Line Vector. If we treat Time as the "fourth dimension," then we need only four coordinates to tell where something "is"--it's x,y,z,t positions. Now, you're ALWAYS moving. Velocity in this Minkowski Space is never zero. But massive objects experience an interesting phenomenon--if the projections of their velocities onto the x,y,z axes are zero, then the entirety of their velocity is in the t-position. Their velocity has some "fixed" magnitude, so as they begin to accelerate along the x,y,z axes, to maintain a constant "speed," they  decelerate  along the t-axis--they begin to experience time passing "faster" than stationary objects.   If, somehow, you could have a negative t-axis component and move backwards in time, you'd still have elements of your "world line vector" traveling through the x,y,z axes, so you'd still experience physical interactions because  you still exist in real space.
1	My name is Tiffany too...and my boyfriend is the reason why I got hooked into playing League of Legends.  I don't like cursing much but playing this gosh darned game...it turns me into a different person.  u_u;; So we're both screaming at our laptops at our team for not understanding how to play/defend or any other number of things they seem completely oblivious to.  This game turns you into a monster...x-x it really does.
1	I think the situation with Dyrus is pretty much compareable to Faker and Solo Que. This might sound weird but hear me out,   In solo que, you lock in your top laner and expect that Vlad to go mid lane. Wrong, he went top lane and now you got a hard time on top. You tell your jungler you need some help, either 1 gank to get you rolling or a few more. Just some jungeler pressure is fine. Now what happends is, your jungler ignores top, he goes mid / bot, vlad gets free farm, you get ganked once or twice even tho you got wards up but hey what you are you going to do against 3 man gank right ? You were under your turret! Wrong! Your team is blaming you, spamming /all with reports and you lose gg ez.   Now just imagine Reddit being with /all people with the bashing and gg ez. Nobody even dares to look at the jungler.   Now on to Faker, if you look at the game vs FNC, his summoners were down, he just got ganked and he STILLS plays the aggressive Faker we know. He had 1 ward up and he is a vulnerable lane to gank. But look at what Bengi does, he wards around Mid lane so Faker can continue to play his game. They don't dance around FNC playstyle, no no they MAKE FNC dance around theirs.   And I think that is the issue we got with Dyrus, if he does get rolling he is an unstopable force to reccon with. So ofcourse they will try to stop that. But if he doesn't get any support from either his Mid laner or Jungler then it's soon a gg for dyrus. Which is happening this entire season.
1	I'm just going to throw this out there: I'm graduating this May with a degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of [insert state here] (reputable engineering department) and I play a lot of video games. Like a shit ton of video games. You don't have to give up college to pursue a gaming career. Sure, towards the end, you'll have to make a choice. However, until you get to that point, you can still go to college and be successful.
0	I worked in sales for a publishing company. Colleges get textbooks at a standard 25% discount. If they spend enough money per year usually around $500,000 they get additional discounts. The schools or bookstores then mark up the books usually more than the 25% discount they received because there are no shipping cost. The "teachers edition" are FREE no cost to the school at all. Not even shipping. I have heard of schools selling these free copies and collecting a 100% profit. As far as charging more for the newest edition, some changes are made but usually not huge changes. However, the professor, department head, or book store choose to make the change to the newest edition. They will say it is to keep the most current information available but it comes down to money. They make more if all students have to buy new books and it protects them from the used book market that they make less money in. Colleges are big businesses that make money on every student. As fucked up ad this is they know students get government loans and they make decisions to make that money. To be fair Colleges and Universities are for the most part non-profit, which really only means they have to uses the most eyes they make inhouse. Trade schools and technical schools for the most profit are FOR PROFIT, and these schools are even shadier. .
1	as long as zed has his ult up, his burst is amazing, kha'zix on the other hand has a great burst almost all the time. if i were u i would pick kha'zix, even tho zed has easier laning phase imo they are both great, kha'zix just suits me better, people just dont expect that amount of dmg he can dish out every few seconds when played right..
1	Hey guys, Lee is kind of my go-to jungler since forever, however i always had this problem with him, i feel like nomatter what i build i can't really affect the game when it gets to lategame(unless im like destroying and 1 shotting everyone), it feels like if you build offenses you just die without doing anything, however if you go tanky it feels like you are just the tank who will die or live depending on how well your team is doing, and if i wanted that Shen or Cho would do 10 times better and i don't really like this "version" of Lee.   Lately went for the defensive build alot and had a good amount of success with it, however i don't really enjoy it(i go Wriggles into Bulwark into Warmogs or Mallet and keep building defenses untill im pretty much full items, only then i will sell my wriggles and buy a BT but it usual ydosent get to that point)
0	Ya, smell me about it. I would be at a regular Joe Porn Site, then after 99 pop-ups.. I would have a couple illegal ones with beastility and shit... fuckin basturds.. I'm glad they stopped that shit... it was embaressing to explain, "no really i just went to that site!!!" I had to go to one site and let the train of pop-up insanity plaugue my computer, just to show my gf i wasnt a total perv, when I was 14.
1	You should never go into ranked to win. People might think that wanting to win is the correct approach but it isn't. That makes you outcome dependent and if things aren't going as you want you'll get angry, rage, give up, whatever. You should play ranked to test your skills. Elo is your skill level. It includes the skill to lead your team to victory and stop flamers  from destroying your team spirit. It isn't just csing and keeping timers. It's making the right calls. And don't worry about losing. Everyone does. You'll become better eventually and take your elo back.
0	In the memory of the computer it is completely the same thing. When the CPU does operations on it, it doesn't care.   The difference is what the programmer chooses to do with the data. He could write a program which takes those numbers and writes the corresponding ASCII characters to the screen. He could also write a program which uses those numbers as just numbers. The computer doesn't care.   This can actually make programming a bit hard sometimes. So many programming languages has the concept of types, which means that you declare a piece of memory to be something. Maybe you want it to represent an integer? Or maybe a character? Or maybe you want a big chunk of memory(to the CPU just a bunch of numbers) to represent information about a 3D model. The programming language is then designed in such a way that it won't let you do operations which expect one type of data on data which of a different type.
0	I hate when professors say on the first day of class that you can't use laptops, etc., to take notes because I have an ADA accommodation that I specifically need to use a laptop for that purpose. My college has this really annoying policy where you can't meet with the dean of disabilities to even discuss getting your accommodation letters until after the first week of class (their reasoning is that there might be unexpected things you learn about a class for which you'll need to ask for an accommodation and they won't write more than one letter for you). It doesn't make sense because I know what my disability is, and the accommodations end up being the same every semester. Anyhow, not only is it embarrassing to keep my laptop out because of the professor, but the other students must wonder about me. I've developed a system now where I write to professors ahead of the semester starting to outline that I have these accommodations and that I will get the letter to them as soon as possible.   I had one class where a professor had in his syllabus that laptops were not allowed and on the first day of class, he spent part of the lecture sharing a news report with us that laptops in class hurt  other  students' performance because of the distraction they cause. This was a professor whom I had already shared with that I needed to use a laptop in class. So, I kept my laptop out (as there was material that day he covered besides this news report), but it was rather embarrassing as he had just told the whole class he had proof that a student with a laptop (me) would hurt other students grade. This was my first day back to college in 12 years after having left that same college on medical leave. He also had a rule that any ADA letter had to be received within the first two weeks of class, and the disability office at my school was so backward they couldn't even meet with me during the first two weeks of class. And I had tried meeting with them over the summer, but they insisted on waiting until I had attended all my classes before even discussing accommodations.   Even once we met, some accommodations I had were never actually given to me.
1	I think this is just the attitude of the Chinese fans at the event. Chaox's vlog a while back mentioned similar attitudes. When iG beats WE, then only the iG fans cheer. When WE beats iG, then only the WE fans cheer. I hope next year the event is not held in China and starts to be rotated around. Korea would be fun as would EU. I would rather it not held in the USA since I live here though it is an epic place. But seeing the pictures of China is fun and I want to see the USA players pics from around the world.
1	I just read the rules, they say nothing about the match starting within 30 minutes, they simply say 30 minutes to contact, the screenshot shows him replying the 2nd text right away (he could have missed the first it it was while loading the match).   In fact the rules to say: Unfair play:   The following actions will be considered unfair play:    5) Unsportsmanlike or disruptive behavior such as inappropriate and/or unprofessional actions directed towards another player or tournament official.   It can trivially be argued that OP is the only person who broke the rules.
1	Just a couple things to add or change:   I like what you said about making a pro scene out of dominion and 3v3, but this needs to start with at the very least implementing ranked dominions like riot has been talking about doing for a long time now.   Secondly, its fairly obvious that riot is trying to fix some things, but are not listening to the community about others.  For example, the issue about people not getting their prize money from tourneys has still yet to be resolved.  However, Riot is doing an awesome job about listening to the broader community and are implementing the new ARAM map and making it a legit game type.   You also mention that Riot needs to focus on in game attributes of champions.  But, they have been launching re-work after re-work that I think the community has been fairly satisfied with on the whole.   Finally, I very very very much agree with you saying that there is a need for Riot to bring back the JoJ.  That was one of my favorite parts of the game.  And, for the careful readers, who read the entire issue, could get small "sneak peeks" at champions even before they are announced.  This was awesome, and it really gave the game an interesting backstory and some how made it even more entertaining to play.  I loved JoJ and really hope that they bring it back, or at least implement some new kind of lore that could be accesible to the community.
1	Morello talks about how he got his job as lead content designer at riot without having a fancy degree like others in similar jobs to him have. He also talks about how versatile and young the gaming industry is right now and he says a lot about how everyone there loved building things and making video games before they were even paid to do so.
1	I've read it before, and I just have no idea what point you're trying to make. Are you trying to say that because CLG doesn't get as many minions while behind that they're worse at playing from behind than other teams? Because that's just wrong. All that matters is total gold, it doesn't matter how much you farm or how many kills you're getting if you aren't getting objectives. As that article clearly shows, CLG has the highest GPM in losses of any team in the NA LCS.   Here's some quotes from the article you told me to read.   >When CLG loses, they are often described as looking “invisible” or “shut down,” but on overall gold, we see that they actually do the best job at staying in the game. Is farming while behind such a priority after all?  These stats would indicate that perhaps it is not, at least for CLG and LMQ.   >That said, CLG is also a team that has mounted several successful comebacks. It’s one thing to look good while losing and another thing entirely to actually overcome a gold deficit. Two of these comebacks have been from as far as a 20% deficit. CLG has the second best compilation of comebacks overall (after Cloud 9).
1	Just play it like its a normal game. Remember it just for fun AND you can just delete your old team with a shitty record and make a new one.   And laugh. I can't say how important it is to laugh. When something shitty happens, and a close friend blames you, just say a witty retort (Eat a dick!) and laugh. Laughing relieves the tension in a game quickly. And don't make your force your friends into champs they don't want to play. Hell our ranked team has a 100% win rate with support Nasus and mid Karma because they felt like playing those champs.
1	Then honestly your best option is to just quit. If it angers you guys this much, why even stick around? Also, I'm really tired of hearing people say "well DOTA 2 has this, so why not LoL?". Please note DOTA 2 is the second game in a series, and is funded and worked on by one of the richest game developers on Earth who've had years of game development experience and multiple teams doing mostly nothing that can spend time on interesting things. Riot is still fairly young for a developer, and throwing money at features doesn't get it to work. You have to hire programmers, artists, public relations people, accountants and everything else, all of which must go through rigorous background checking and testing to make sure they're both good workers and good for the environment there. So yes it takes a while.   And another point, outside of the replay feature, DOTA 2 has many of the same issues as LoL. You just don't notice them because the balance philosophy at Valve is "it doesn't matter if it's over or underpowered, we'll just make things we like". Theres a reason a large portion of the champs in DOTA 2 are never played competitively, because they weren't designed to be viable, just ridiculous. It leads to a lot of stale play, and only really changes if Valve decides they want to mix it up.
1	AD Ezreal relies on his Q, which is effectively treated like a modified basic attack, to poke from long range while repositioning safely with his E. AD Ezreal stacks his passive by repeatedly landing his Q, which generates attack speed that synergizes with the AD he purchases. AD Ezreal generally purchases Trinity Force, since his spammable Q will apply the Trinity Force bonus damage consistently.   AP Ezreal generally deals more damage with his W and E, which scale with ability power quite well. His q is used as a poke tool and a means to lower his cooldowns, and his ultimate deals significantly more damage. Compared to AD, AP Ezreal is more about dealing fast burst damage than kitey, poking damage. AP Ezreal generally wants something like Lich Bane, for much the same reasons AD Ezreal wants Trinity Force.
0	I have a sister that got away with everything because she was seventeen, it took her going to jail coming out and getting pregnant to straighten her out shes 21 now happily married and an amazing mom to my niece, can I say this is where I saw her five years ago? Nope. I honestly thought she was going to die of an overdose when the cops took her in she weighed 89 lbs at 6 feet tall. What I'm trying to say is sometimes people just need a reality check I hope your situation gets better.
1	If we are discussing about Quinn's performance in normal games, then we've reached the end of our conversation. If it is the other way around (ranked), then you should pick her against the teams made out of the champions you've listed. That's when she really shines. Just like Vayne & Kog'Maw are good against HP stackers. I'm pretty sure that each of us are accustomed to high risk, high reward champions. Quinn could definitely be labelled as one. She might need some ratio changes here and there, but she is good.  Something else concerns me. Despite the fact that she is somewhat new, her texture is not in line with other champions. I think they should brighten up her human form a little. I really love her Phoenix Skin. Anyways, I would like to know why cannot she turn into Valor whenever she wants (similar to Nidalee's cougar form). I feel like her ultimate CD is quite high.
1	They originally didn't focus too much on 3s because they knew at the time the map was too broken.   Now that they've invested the resources into 3s and went the path to balance it though itemization it has the potential to be a competitive map.
1	Seraph was a mistake in Dlifts eyes. Monte picked him, they went for it but they didnt know how he would synergize. Talked about 3rd place(last year) and subtly said he liked that roster but then talks about roster changes. Wishes they had Monte/A COACH full time. is good friends with aphro and Link. Doesnt even want to talk about regis comments on Monte being fake since according to him, blatenly false. Friendship is said 50x and there is a lack of it
0	When I was in 9th grade, I went to see my little sister in a play at her middle school. Before the lights went down, I noticed that there was a large group of teenage boys sitting together talking rather loudly and saying rude things about how theater was stupid, etc. I thought this was absolutely retarded and I was getting pretty mad but I let it slide. Then they started playing the "penis" game. I was furious that they should be here disrespecting all of the kids who put in so much work to perform this show and also all the parents and friends who were actually there to support/enjoy the performance. I couldn't take it anymore and I stood up to go over and bitch them the fuck out, but just then the house lights came down and they shut up.   When I complained about this immaturity to my peers, they said "How can you pick on them, you were in eighth grade just last year!"   Ok yeah, but I never played the penis game ESPECIALLY in such a disrespectful setting as that. To this day I wish I had actually taught them a lesson.
0	Luckily he hit someone who expected it and was in a position to not be hurt. Had it been a person in a crosswalk or riding a motorcycle things could have been way worse.   The guy probably learned a lesson before he killed someone.
1	A lot of great points are already brought up in this thread, but I do want to break down a few things. I don't really like athene, I don't really agree with him, but I want to improve the community:     Athene (the persona) is not as good as he thinks he is. This is on purpose, and while I don't agree with it, its his choice.   Athene (the persona) does troll some games. While I don't agree with it and I think its bannable, its the persona and thats how he's branded himself.   Athene (the player) is not bad at ryze anymore. His stats are improving, he is getting better with every game he plays, and I admire his dedication.   Athene (the player) has some good intentions. His mind is in the right spot sometimes.   Athene (the player) probably does get trolled a lot. And in reponse, he ends up trolling. He turns on his persona, and basically says "screw it I can't play the champs I am best with in ranked, so I might as well play for fun." Fun for him is trolling. Fun for him is money. Trolling for him gets him money.
1	That may be.   But i feel like many ppl dont understands the meaning of a World Championship. A championship is all about the 1. place and finding the best team.   In 5 years none cares about who ended up in 2. and 3. And elimination brackets is no good format to decide who is the top teams but it will give you the best team. A series is best to determine who is #1, 2, 3, 4. ect. but not good for tournament
1	I personally find normals to be very serious. at my normal Elo at least. I dislike playing ranked because of the toxicity and i sorta only do when its the end of the season to get the seasonal rewards, but my normal Elo is high gold/low plat in normals, I honestly rarely meet anyone toxic, which some of you might consider surprising since everyone is always complaining about how toxic this community is.
0	Seconded. For the first time in my life, just this week, I was the "other man". She said she had broken up with her boyfriend which was more or less bullshit. Then she spent a few glorious days with me, getting all the sex and attention she thought she needed but wasn't getting at home. Then reality hit her. She went back to her house (which she shares with him!) and everything exploded. I should have known better. And I did, I knew it was wrong. But I followed through like a creep. I've never cheated before, and never had multiple partners at the same time, or anything like that. - Always took care to do the moral thing and use better judgement. Well that's all gone now. I fucked up. I can never say I'm even remotely a good guy anymore. I knowingly hurt this other man (as did she), and I feel utter remorse and shame for it. Also, as time passes, I feel more like a tool or a device than anything else. Like a catalyst used to shake things up in her fucked up world or something.
1	Yeah, serious. Faker isn't in ogn, nor is he going to participate in worlds. Stop the circlejerk around faker and move on. Faker won't reach success again unless he leaves SKT T1 K. So we're going to praise froggen and dade right now.
0	Problem Statement   Who manages reddit root now that the 2 co-founders sold it off?  Is there a  ban-a-mod  sub yet?  One with teeth?  Reddit needs checks and balances.  If they already exist then reddit needs to do a better job demonstrating the effectiveness of the checks and balances to the community.   Solution     One mod, the worst mod, should be sacrificed every month via front-page advertisement to instill confidence the system is working and instill a culture of faith in the self policing of the community.  Realize there won't be bad mods every month.  But the ban also is a form of term limit applied to the most disliked or least-liked.    The mods (Senate) would vote, as would the users (House).  Whichever mod gets the most votes, goes.  1 yr ban.  None of that swinging door bullshit here.  Since there are less mods there should be an incredibly transparent self-evident, and simple maths formula to make the weight of the Senate votes equal the weight of the House votes.  There will be vote brigades, tea parties, pirate parties, and a GOP.  These are unavoidable in a democracy.  Perhaps a Constitution might be eventually formed to address these problems...     Lastly, about that formula that assigns equal weight to the House and Senate votes: None of that NCAA football playoffs bracket-selection bullshit maths here, or figuring out the next Easter Sunday bullshit maths. 5th grade or simpler math is required in this endeavor.  Reddit will check its own work.
0	Your stopping distance comparison focuses completely on one aspect of speed and blatantly overlooks many others.   Let's take this comparison to the extreme: Example highway where every driver but one is driving the same speed 30mph over the speed limit. Wow so unsafe. The one other driver has decided to minimize his stopping distance by sitting in the middle lane at 0mph. He sure if safe with that 0 foot stopping distance. Good job. Do you really believe he is less of a hazard than if he were driving the same speed as the other drivers, because the others are so scarily fast? I'm sure nobody will mind him stopped in the middle of the road.
1	the alistar report caused the system to review your history.   the ward/group mid reports were certainly justified.   false report was tipping point, causing system to look, saw several justified reports, and chat restricted you.   this happened in that "I did nothing but still got chat restricted" post 5 days ago.   so it seems;   false reports can trigger system review of your behavior, but not enough to actually warrant a ban unless your history supports it as a necessity.
0	I used to work in service industry so I know this happens more often than not. Most of the time, we give entitled, self-centered, sad excuse for a human like you the least amount of "service" as we can. We also sneak in a little tiny revenge here and there. It's small but it adds up. I know for a fact that you've, at least once, eaten food that has been thumbed by the server you've mistreated who didn't wash his/her hand after the handling that dirty wet, bleachy rag just because your mother wasn't there to teach you this thing called, "be nice to people".
1	Nope, battlefield is an FPS, where there is one type of enemy unit to target "enemy player" anything that is negative to him is positive to you, there you go!   if there was a way to calculate your "skill" in league of legends it has to cover "team work" "timing" "positions" "how good you last hit" "times you should push to tower or freeze at your tower" decision of taking dragon or baron" not even AI from NASA can calculate that. there is no need to   calculate it like that because if there was people will still abuse the factors to get high elo when losing games, which is so stupid.....   there is a great system now, only problem is with duo-que that it brings misfortune to a few of the 10 players at high elo. there is no such thing as elo hell, anyone can get out if he can lead a team, i have proven this wrong several times to my friends, one was at 1000 the other at 900, i played on one of them and got him back to 1300, the other trained and got out of there.... and the only way you get there is when your bad to start with, the only way to get out of there is when you become good, accept it, stop thinking your better than everyone else and the system is bad, get better and carry.
0	what about people with thyroid disease?   The american thyroid association state that on average only about 5-10lbs of weight gain is attributable to thyroid, If I can find the studies I'll link them but IIRC balancing the effect of hypothyroidism requires only a 5% decrease in daily calorie intake.
0	I'm sorry for being so rude to you directly u/main_man_mike, You probably don't deserve it as I'm sure you're a nice fella, but all I had to go on but was but your comment, and it's also a Canadian stereotype to stand up for what you believe in.   Fuck You.   It's people like you that give Toronto, and by association Canada, a bad name.  I am a Torontonian, and I've lived in Ontario, Quebec, New Brunswick and BC, and apart from New Brunswick, Toronto has some of the nicest people I've ever met. Yes, we have our Bay St lawyers, our self-important douches, and our rich entitled cunts; but we're the fourth most populous city in the continent with the second highest cost of living in the country, of course we'll get those jerks. Avoid Bay St to start, your day will instantly be better for it.   I find, particularly from people who haven't ever been here, that Canadians love to hate Toronto. "Where are you from?" "Toronto" "oh, sorry for your luck". "Get over yourself".  Come see how nice the majority of us are, how beautiful the southern Ontario countryside is, how much there is to do, and how many of our millions of people say "Hi" to you and smile as you pass.   Just for everyone's sake, and your own appearance,  don't hate on a particular place without founded evidence, it makes you look like a silly bigot.   To everyone else: I'm proud to be Canadian. I'm proud to uphold that absurd stereotype because it makes other people happy and me a better person, and a better member of my community.  It's not about saying "sorry", that's just a symptom, it's about being kind and polite and not being a Cunt. I try to make other people's lives at least a tad better by saying hi to them, sorry if i bump them, hell, I apologize if i slow someone up for a heartbeat, sometimes it strikes up a really nice conversion, it's about being polite and being kind.  If that upholds a stupid stereotype, good, maybe it helps the nation's intentional opinion at the same time.  If not, fine, I'm not an ambassador, but at least that person's day is brighter, and so is mine.
1	I don't think you or the OP realise how insanely difficult it would be to make a translator that actually works. On the NA server you'd have to deal with atleast korean... And if you took 5 mins to google translate any random korean article into english you'd notice that most of it is just gibberish.   The problem would be even worse on the european servers. For example I can tell you as a finnish person that there is absolutely no way you will get an intelligible sentence outside of the most simple sentences. The same holds true for many other languages used on the EU server, and there is literally a fucking plethora of them (eg. russian).
1	Since that doesn't even give you an advantage it's not p2w. P2W is items that you buy in-game with money which makes you stronger. Runes are only available through IP which is an in-game currency. Skins and champions won't make you "stronger" in-game. I can have 126 champions but that doesn't mean that I'm better at the game then someone with only 16 champions. P2W is purely  buying  an advantage and having more champions isn't really an advantage.. In games like Gunz/Silkroad you can buy extremely OP weapons with money which makes it P2W those items are not available for people that use in-game currency. That's what P2W is.
1	Thanks for the info, everybody. Keep this alive so Ori can feel the love :)  2 main concerns at this point:     I've seen "rush catalyst" and "get 1-2 doran's rings", although the majority do recommend RoA, and I've been getting it, does me pretty well to have that survivability once I'm level 10ish. Is it worth getting dRings before catalyst (read: in what situations should I consider which?)     What item should I pursue after rabs? Currently I go boots1, RoA, merc treads or sorc shoes, and then rabs. I've only played 4-5 games with her so far, but I've started zhonya's after rabs most of those. That doesn't feel right, unless I really need the armor/active, and so far I haven't needed it during mid-game.
1	Okay so after worlds XDG thought it would be a grand idea to switch Zuna into jungle and Xmithie into adc, it took them time to get better xmithie was a pretty decent adc but zuna was considerably not as good in jungle as he could have been. (Putting it nicely) For half the split they lost to almost every team they did however manage to take a game off every team. Halfway through split they role changed back kicked bloodwater and brought in new support sheep. (Who played very well) But they just seemed out of sorts the entire season not very clean rotations. Just never really got back to how they were, this could be accredited to league of legends switching away from early game snowballing which is how Vulcun won a lot of games last split from xmithie ganking Mancloud and getting him big. But basically they just didnt show up much all split. There is a chinese amatuer team known as LMQ, with the likes of Godlike from Royal Club and a few other big chinese names. They came into amatuer scene and dominated and bottom team had to play them. Which was xdg, xdg got stomped pretty hard. And getting kicked out of summer split was a big deal because a few of them planned on retiring after worlds this season. Since they have no chance of making worlds now they just disbanded.
0	STORY TIME! In 2010, I was home from college for thanksgiving. I was driving back from my dad's workplace, and had taken the same road countless times. I was driving like a BOSS with only one hand on the steering wheel while blasting some Rick Ross on the radio. After driving for about 10 mins, I see a cop behind me with his police lights on. As a 22 year old who has never gotten a ticket I kept driving and changed lanes assuming he was after someone else. Few seconds later, I realized he was actually coming for me. So I pulled over. Out comes an obese, bald  white middle-aged officer with sunglasses on along and a dynamite mustache.   Officer: Boy, Do you have any idea how fast you were going? (this was kind of offensive because I am a brown guy in a southern state)   Me: No sir.   Officer: You were going 65 on a 35 zone son. (Oh he called me son! Memo: all cops are not racists)   Me: Really? I am so sorry I had no Idea.   Officer: I bet you are. License, registration, and proof of insurance please. (I give those to him and he goes to his car to write me a ticket)   Officer: So here is the deal, you were driving negligently, so here is a $496 ticket with six points on your drivers license. And here is your courtdate which is mandatory. If you dont come to court on this date, you will be considered a felon.   Officer leaves. My face starts flushing and as a college student, I realize I do not have 496 dollars in my bank account.   So I call my dad and tell him what had happened. Me: Dad I just got a 500 dollar ticket. Dad: how fast you were going. Me:...30 over. Dad: Okay, good luck. (Thanks, dad -_-)   Few days later, I go back to college for a couple of weeks. Here my friends give me all kinds of advise on what to do.   "bro just keep delaying your date"-I am too lazy to do this.   "bro just make up a lie on how you had to go home to get meds for your dad and that you completely froze when the cops stopped you"-hmm I could lie.   "bro just dont go to your courtdate"-yeah I have a few dumb friends.   But the only thing I was set on doing was what I had remembered from my Law Ed class that was taught by a defense attorney. Always wear a suit to court.  This is the easiest thing I could do and requires no thinking or plotting on my behalf   And So I came back home for my courtdate. I put on my black suit and went to the court early in the morning. I was nervous the entire time as I have never taken part in the judicial system. I go in, I take a seat, there are 3 other people before me awaiting their turn.  First person is some girl who is charged with abuse, or negligence. I cant remember. However,after her hearing, she calls the judge a dick and so he gets his cop buddies to escort her out but doesnt change his verdict. At this point, I am twice as nervous as this judge just had a terrible start to his day.   Second is a 16 year old in a hollister T-shirt and ripped jeans who is there for a speeding ticket. The cop who stopped him tells the judge that the kid was going 15 over speed limit.  Judge: How many years have you been driving? Kid: 6 months. Judge: You are to pay the full 200 dollar fine, and no points will be deducted.Thank you. (Okay I am screwed. This kid was going 15 over and no mercy was shown to him. I was going thirty fucking miles over the speed limit.)   Now its my turn. I get up as calmly as I can. My palms are sweaty (insert Eminem lyrics), I could feel that my shirt was drenched in sweat and the suit didnt help. So I go up to the podium.   Cop: Your honor, this gentleman was going 65 miles on 35 mile zone on North main street. I followed him for atleast half a mile before he decided to stop. (Damn this cop just fucked me over by speaking the god damn truth)   Judge: Is the true, son?   Me: yes.   Judge: How long have you been driving, son?   Me: 6 years, sir.   Judge: Do you pleady guilty to this charge? (Im screwed anyway. Its time to end this)   Me: Yes, sir.   Judge: I am reducing your fine to 25 dollars and giving you taking off 4 point.. If you take the safe driving course, your remaining two points will also go away. Are you okay with this, officer.   Officer: Yes your honor. (I love this GUY!)   Jude: Done.   I was speechless, I had no idea what had just happened. I went outside the courtroom to pay my fine of 25 dollars plus fees (total 95 dollars) and ran into the dad of the kid that went before me. Kid's Dad: I cant believe you got off with that. That some bullshit. I was too happy to argue with the dad and so I went on my way took the course a few days later which was 75 bucks and now had 0 pts on my license.   Later I found out that the road i was speeding on was changed from a 55 zone to 35 zone after the development of new houses in the area. This did not make me feel any better because I realized I could have hurt some kid playing in the area.   Moral: Do not drive like a maniac. Speak the  truth in the courtroom when it comes to speeding tickets .Be respectful to everyone there AND WEAR A GOD DAMN SUIT. And just because you live in the south, doesnt mean that all cops are gonna be racists.
0	As a mildly hearing-impaired person I can relate. I cannot distinguish words when multiple people are speaking at once. Or when there's a radio or television playing through a conversation.   I also have to focus really hard when people are mumbling or talking in a direction away from me to piece together what the few sounds I hear meant.   When I ask a group of people what was just being said; one of two people respond:   Person type 1 faces me, repeats what was said in a clear voice while no one else is talking at the same time, I get it, I'm happy.   Person type 2 starts yelling at me, emberassing me, making it even harder for me to understand. Yelling does NOT improve clarity! I'm hearing impaired, not volume impaired. I hear as loud as anyone else - the only thing I'm missing is a broad range of tonal frequencies. It's quite like shining flashlights into the eyes of someone who has bad sight.
0	Yeah, that's also why I've considered it. I've wasted so much time with it and would like to see it close.   Could you, or anyone else who could be bothered, give me a short
0	I used to lurk only, in fact my account is only 9 months old, but I've been reading for years. My point being, I hit a funk, and actually did an AMA as one of my first posts and since then I've felt comfortable posting and commenting a lot more. I had excellent questions, very little mean or rude posts on that AMA (especially for the topic) and it made me realize the majority of folks here are kind, compassionate, and mostly intelligent people.
1	Because if its not the lane he wants, but the champion, he can just take the champion to another lane and still get effective practice. The
1	Meh i say both sides were wrong. Wings is just being wings, Muffin should know that, an muffin got annoyed and started not to give a fuck trying to piss wings off. But wings still being wings with a little spice now, once aphro an wings point out muffin is trawlin, Muffin had to say something because he'll look like a bitch on stream. Even though he still did.
1	I don"t mind not getting the 4-win-ip-boost, but, I DO mind that i got punished for not playing on my account for 1 week and getting 80 games chat - and 40 games ranked restrictions. Same happened to my brother, he was abroad twice in 2 months for 2 weeks and got punished. Neither of us are toxic in any sort of way, we do sometimes get a little mad, but we don't express them in chat.
1	So as always Fnatic fucked up somehow at a lead. xPeke giving away free towers and then getting caught... Now, time to for some hypothetical situations. For Fnatic and OMG who lost today to get a shot at 2nd place and catch LMQ, this would have to happen. (I'm leaving Blue out of this because we can all agree they will get 1st)   Current Standings Standings OMG 0-2 Fnatic 0-1 LMQ 2-0 Head to Heads: OMG Fnatic 0-0 LMQ 0-1 Blue 0-1 Fnatic OMG 0-0 LMQ 0-1 Blue 0-0 LMQ Fnatic 1-0 OMG 0-1 Blue 0-0   This would tie it up for Fnatic and OMG:   LMQ would have to lose the rematches to Fnatic and OMG. They will all probably lose both games to OMG. Finally Fnatic and OMG would have to tie it up.   Standings Standings OMG 2-4 Fnatic 2-4 LMQ 2-4 Head to Heads: OMG Fnatic 1-1 LMQ 1-1 Blue 0-2 Fnatic OMG 1-1 LMQ 1-1 Blue 0-2 LMQ Fnatic 1-1 OMG 1-1 Blue 0-2   No 3 way tie and a clear 2nd seed: Now for OMG or Fnatic to go ahead and not make it a 3 way tie, they'd have to 2-0 the other.   Standings OMG 1-5 Fnatic 3-5 LMQ 2-4   Head to Heads: OMG Fnatic 0-2 LMQ 1-1 Blue 0-2 Fnatic OMG 2-0 LMQ 1-1 Blue 0-2 LMQ Fnatic 1-1 OMG 1-1 Blue 0-2
1	bottom 0.2% of toxic players within the League of Legends Community   >reported in an average of 49% of their games   Well, seems Riot figured you are toxic (read: a total asshole) in pretty much every game you play and did the rest of the community a favor by encouraging you to go play a different game. We won't miss you.
0	socialism is almost a more capitalist watered down version   Kind of the opposite considering Marx said there would be a bloody revolution from capitalism to socialism. Socialism isn't what most people think it is, it's the state owning the means of production. So, for example, the American government would own the car factories, the hospitals, the farm land, etc. From here, the administration (the state) would wither away and you'd be left with communism. Marxist communism is actually a stateless society.   Edit: Am I really getting downvotes?
0	Actually, you can't say homosexuality has nothing to do with evolution. Just the mere fact that there's a fairly persistent genetic predisposition that exists suggests that it's most likely driven by evolution. Many scientists have suggested that the reason why it has persisted in not only humans, but many other species, is because of kin selection.
0	I've had a moderate to severe stammer throughout my life, it comes and goes but has got better throughout adult life. I'm 25 now and don't even worry about it anymore, people I work with and obviously my friends are mature enough to look past it.   That being said I still fall to pieces on the phone, I'm not too bad in normal conversation with people on the phone because I've grown to switch words with an equivalent word and avoid any hard locks for the most part, however if I'm required to ask for someone by name I can never get it out and have been hung up on numerous times which is always a kick in the feels. Also I'm a programmer by trade and there are certain words that can't be switched out (class, boolean etc), this also causes complications.
1	As an ADC main I've actually liked the patch so far just because of the Randuin's nerf, maybe I just suck balls cause I couldn't do it beforehand. Yet, because they got rid of the ms reduction I can now kite super tanks by orb walking so while a super tank shyvanna is annoying, I can now kill her (eventually) w/o much peeling from my team.
1	i play zed just fine, even in a tank meta. you can 1v1 anybody on their team if you didn't feed and know how to itemize.   as far as teamfights go, you are really dumb if you jump on a ap mid or adc knowing they have their zhonyas/sash up. the actives on those items need to be baited out by your team first before you jump in. playing an assassin means you have to wait for the right opportunity to jump in, it doesn't mean 'ult adc as soon as i walk in range'   also, if youre that ahead in lane have you tried roaming? roaming is an essential aspect of playing mid that many people forget. as soon as you get a kill or have your wave pushed, try roaming top/bot to keep the other team shut down. shut down makes it harder for them to get the gold to 'tank up'
1	The problem with the NA Expansion is that there are 3-4 teams that are good, 2 teams that are decent and the rest are trash.   On the other hand, the EU Expansion has no confirmed players basically lol. MIL performance depends largely on how Ryu and H0ro are working out if they haven't lost their edge. NiP and has no roster as far as I know. SKP bought up a fair team but doesn't look like a hot contender. H2k lost key players, Reason gaming is full of non contenders. Nobody knows what the fuck is going on with G2 but they do have a roster at least for now. So it looks like we have MIL as the current favorite to make it back like they always seem to, n!faculty looks reasonable and perhaps a top contender, and of course Unlucky Rejects as a somewhat favorite as well.   So it looks like in EU we have 3 teams total that are even remotely in contention. Who knows maybe it will be a surprise dark horse or something but the majority of the big talent that wasn't already in LCS is either set to be acquired or already acquired. NA Expansion however has Fusion as a team of low tier lcs talent that might have found their feet together but we'll see. CoL Black which is basically just LCS Complexity with the bad bits cut out. Coast which got some fair EU talent but they are on the downswing so who knows, Cris is also a massive weakness that CA dropped out of their roster. Speaking of which Curse Academy got rid of their two weaker players and got a competent ADC and top and are the #1 favorites to take a spot but a passive jungler might hinder that.  Team LoLpro is kind of a dark horse favorite with a seemingly good mid laner and competent players at the other roles. NME is probably the lowest tier team with a shot but who knows how it will go. CoL white is along with the rest of the teams that have absolutely no shot. From my perspective you have more higher profile talent in the NA Expansion and a lot of fan favorites so it makes it a bit more exciting in my opinion.
0	If anyone questioned me on why I didn't preorder a game I would tell them that I don't buy games until a good amount of reviews have come out or I've heard some good word of mouth about it. Preordering just for some minor perk is lame, especially when they never really sell out of any game, so you can just go pick up the game at any point even without a preorder.   The COD:BLOPS2 midnight launch was amusing, if you preordered you got the special edition with the nuketown map unlocked. I was heading home from work and and it was around 9pm and there is a GameStop on my route home and as I drove by I could see a line around the entire shopping center (probably 200-300 people), and the parking lot for about 10 stores was full, there had to be upwards of 500 people camped out there. My coworker stopped in at Target the next morning and picked up the preorder "special edition", and said there was no line.
1	Yeah, I'm just going to clear up some key things that you didn't. First off, the 3 man gank on bottom took both summoners away from WT and Lustboy, while Kiwi and CoreJJ still had both of their summoners. This is a huge advantage in the fight. On top of this, Gamsu helps clear the wave at the tower faster, and Kiwi preps a wave for CoreJJ, causing WT to lose a wave to his tower, letting CoreJJ get within 10cs (nothing WT could really do about this).   Getting to the actual match up now. Morg/Sivir vs Corki/Thresh is not in favor of Morg/Sivir. It depends on when the match up is, pre 6 is Morg/Sivir, after 6 it's Corki/Thresh. Being that WT/Lustboy had no summoners pre 6, and Cloud was spotted down bottom pre 6, means they can't go very aggressive, on top of all that, Sivir just isn't very good aggressive vs Thresh lantern and valkyrie (Morg binding being the only real way to lay down damage, but thresh can shield and pull with lantern).   Then the 2v2 fight happens, which WT played very badly (shouldn't have went back in when Lustboy got hooked). Even though it was split 1 for 1, Corki gets a kill off it, and more time in lane. This is an actual win for Dig bot lane at this point. At this point in the game, the lanes are even, and we are hitting lvl 6 (Dig's advantage).   It's at this point that TSM decides they want to play for late game, and starts just playing passive, so that Corki will have small amount of gold for the mid game. Another 2v2 in the bottom lane that TSM loses 1 for 0. 3 man gank following that to kill WT. A big thing people didn't really notice is that almost all of Dig's vision is on bottom, which TSM knows, and thus doesn't really gank bottom. However, Azir is hard to gank (and is losing the CS war anyway) and Dyrus was already behind, and thus hard to gank for as well (along with Rek'sai being hard to gank).
0	Some people define it as the same issue.  That is the problem.  Define death.   I have always thought of death as the stopping of a heartbeat.  So, I consider abortion to be murder around the 6 week mark because that is when a heartbeat starts.   Others say you can't die until you are born, so for them abortion is never murder. What is being born though?  If the baby is "halfway" out can you still abort it or would that be murder?   Others define death as the ceasing of neural activity so for them trimester 3 (~ 6 mos. when neural activity starts).  If death is the absence of neural activity than some people in comas/on life support should be considered dead (true of the heartbeat thing too, I admit).   I think it is perfectly acceptable for any of these people to advocate their stance publicly.  They believe murder is occurring everyday unpunished, and believe it is tragic.
0	Same with me. I got one that was a 100% reduction of out of state tuition for grades. It's not a full one, but cutting down tuition by $14,400+ is amazingly beneficial. The best part was I didn't have to "settle" on a college and got to go where I wanted.
1	Minimap, constantly check it. If you know the bufftimers its a plus.   And also to EVERYBODY HERE. Im sure it applies to many people here. Guys, whenever you are about to engage a fight, for gods sake check the minimap before you commit. Look at the minimap, oh, your ad carry is in the base and you see 3 guys from the enemies it doesnt mean that you can engage, you always have to expect the enemy team to be 5 as long as you dont see them. As a 2.1 k player, this is the best tip i can give you. Also, i once supported yellowpete botlane, i tried to engage on them and he just didnt want to, i got angry and asked him why he didnt fight, he told me that he wont fight when he sees the AP mid is missing. Guy is nuts, his movment and awareness is godlike.
1	So what makes this one guy special? He's probably well off after the fire. He has friends around that legs him get on his feet right? Loans from the bank and a place for a while. Im just saying, instead of donating to some bloke, why not donate it to where it can save a life or give it to people who never had. Habitat for Humanity, gor example. What I dont get is why we should pay for a housefire when this guy clearly doesnt have it as bad while you guys are acting like hes a fucking martyr. He lives in a first world country, he's probably big enough to handle himself, and as for his sentimental value items, that sucks and I sympathize.   Where were your donations to the hundreds of people having housefires and losing their things? Its probably happening right now to them too, and Im saying that the difference between the people who are currently suffering from a fire somewhere in the world and odee is NOTHING.
0	This isn't weird. It's normal healthy thinking. Nobody gives a shit about "for better". It's the "for worse" part that'll fuck you up if you haven't thought of it ahead of time.   What you really need to imagine though is 17 years from now when you're both bored of each other, and you've been living together so long that your little idiosyncrasies drive each other insane (think roommate syndrome, but for decades), and the two kids you had that you  thought  you wanted and the house you bought now take all your time and money for raising and upkeep.   You never get to do the stuff you want to anymore, it's all in service to these kids or this house or at least keeping her from complaining. She's not nearly as pretty as she used to be after two decades and those kids though. And neither are you, but hey, you two said the pledge and signed the contract, so you get each other forever, like it or not.   And you sort of feel proud of these things, but not really, because everyone else on your suburban block has done pretty much the same thing, so it turns out none of this was really special, like you thought when you got started. It's really just pretty average and everyone thinks it's special when they get started, which means your life was average too. You just feel tired all the time now, and she's complaining about the credit card bill again, and your boss is being a real dick lately.   THAT'S what you need to think about.   But then, as opposed to that, you could've been born in Somalia missing a leg. So maybe being an average suburban worker bee in the US isn't too bad compared to the other hands life could've dealt you. Oh well...guess you'll go to bed now. Work in the morning, after all, and the heat pump is making a weird noise again sometimes and there are mouths to feed here.
1	God damn I just wish he could articulate his thoughts. We understood it (probably mostly because we all already knew).   Still, I like HSGG for his
0	Repairing/building PCs" was a very rough generalization just so you know.   My actual dream-dream would to be starting up my own shop that focuses on repairs as well as custom rigs. I'd love to have a company similar to something like CyberPower PCs, but not complete garbage. (They send out horribly done hardware, such as broken RAM they won't RMA, or, in my boyfriend's case, they didn't even install a graphics card properly, and now he has a dead card AND mobo slot that they refuse to RMA.) I'd love to be able to just get in custom orders that say "Here's my budget. I like these aesthetics. It needs to be this powerful. Etc, etc." I'd also love to do some kind of program that for like a minimal fee, I'll teach computer basics, such as installing graphics cards and such. I just love the hardware and aesthetic portions of PCs, and would love a job focused around them.   However, for now, I'd be more than happy to settle with just working at a repair shop or the like. As long as I get to mess around with computer hardware, I'll be pretty happy with my job.
0	You know, usually I would agree with this remark (I've worked multiple jobs in the food service industry), but I thought a lot about this "controversy" today.   I've been a line cook, made pizzas, and worked in fast food.   I'm usually a positive person with contentment as my baseline state of existence. Most people in these jobs are negative in the most dramatic sense of the word. They hate EVERYTHING. Work isn't so bad if you don't complain about it every 5 minutes. These people apparently never got that memo.   And Christ were the majority of them dumb. I wouldn't usually hold that against a person, but they were so... brazen about it. Flippant in their intellectual vacuity. It started to grate on me over the years at those various establishments.   I always used to just feel drained form even working near those kinds of people. I hung out with the servers as much as I could to get away from the cook staff.   It took some perspective after I left my last job as a cook to really realize why I was so unhappy while I was a cook. I have no problem whatsoever with the labor. I can just put my head down, take care of business, and joke around with the people who are receptive to it.   My point: I wouldn't really mind staying an extra 45 minutes if I was surrounded by positive people. More money for me. But I always just wanted to get far away from those miserable pricks ASAP.
1	I usually don't comment in salty bitchposts but here's the thing: your viewpoint on the game is just plain wrong.   If you're good enough you will climb. ALWAYS. NO MATTER WHAT.   Every game one side has to win and one side has to lose; matchmaking builds roughly even teams comprised largely from players of the same general skill range. If you're complaining about how your teams don't care enough to play their best, statistically speaking the other side has just as high a likelihood of getting these players, who will throw on behalf of their team. If you're the outlier, the higher-skilled player who doesn't flame and plays his best EVERY time, your team has a 20% lower chance of having these players because (if the above are true) you are not one of them.
0	While it didn't stop her from getting laid that night (and a couple more nights after that), it did stop eventually me from continuing to come back.
0	I worked in a restaurant a few years back with this guy named Jeff.  Now, Jeff knew a little bit of Spanish, but mostly just the kind of words that he heard all the Mexican kids yelling in PE and whatnot.  So one day, all the Hispanics working in the kitchen of the restaurant were completely riled up about something and kept saying stuff like "El jefe es un idiota!" (except their words were a bit more vulgar).  Of course, my friend Jeff thought they were talking about him and got so fucking pissed off until finally he exploded and was like "I know what you fucking guys are saying!"  It took a minute for the kitchen staff to realize what the hell he was pissed about, but then they just started cracking up.  He never really lived that one down.
1	Sigh.. not sure why Fizz should be nerfed out of the big 4 assasins. He is the only one that CANNOT farm from ranged. His ranged abilities when used to farm put him into melee range of creeps, so that cannot be used as a counter argument to the fact that fizz cannot farm from ranged.   The same thing that happened to Twisted Fate is going to happen to fizz. Like Twisted Fate, there are many counters to Fizz. Ever tried playing against a Malzahar as fizz? RIP. Diana does extremely well against fizz too. The only thing is, rarely are these champions picked against fizz. just like Twisted Fates counters at his time of greatness, no one thought to counter pick TF and then he got nerfed, and to top that off the sudden rise of his 2 worst nightmares, fizz and ahri have completely ruled him out of competitive play.
1	I was almost exclusively ARAM pre the queue. I almost always had fun, and only dodging really ruined the experience. But now, with the queue, I get a lot more people who are like "I don't like this champion, trade me", "I've never played this, I'm gonna reroll". On top of that, because of the reroll system, strong characters (nidd, jayce, ect) are a lot more prevalent. Its not fun going against a Nidd+Jayce team, and yet it seems to happen a decent amount of the time (more than before).
1	It's because we have, like no people compared to NA or EU, even dominion is disabled. Ranked gets disabled at those times because barely anyone is on then, normal draft pick is disabled because too many game modes = everyone split between queues = Super long queue time.
1	What is this. It clearly said no refunds for no reason, you clicked the wrong name. Your fault. Then you go on the forums and make an angry thread.   If they refund for that, how about someone that 'accidentally' clicks the wrong champ, or skin? Or whatever other reason they come up with? They'd end up setting a precedence for a case that was the guys own stupidity instead of Riots error.
1	Because personally, I love her kit and I feel her play style really matches mine. I also find it easier to carry with a less meta pick (considering people don't know what her w actually does for example). And I also think that she actually fits fine in the meta. The only thing that is noticeably weak about her is her mana regen. It really only effects you after your first clear and you are in the awkward stage where you don't have your second blue/a trailblazer.
1	From WoW arena the situation is the same. It's just that when you want to be "the pro" you need excellent communication/teamwork AND excellent individual skill. People with excellent individual (read SoloQ) skill feel they can be pro but you only get pro when you are part of this very few people being on top of everyone at the start (Season1). This small community of exceptional people then creates teams and here you go. You practice teamwork with the best. You are pro.
1	against Riven: Yes you want to start cloth 5 95% of the time.   The point of starting boots is mobility concerned.  It allows Riven to get in and, once she starts comboing them like crazy, she can also stick to them too.   However, here's what happens when you run up to someone with cloth + 5: Yeah, you can catch them, but they do more damage to you comparatively since they have armor.  Also, at the end of the trades, they have more pots to heal up.  All in all, you come out of every trade further behind.   Of course, boots also help you escape ganks better (though armor does help you survive ganks as well...).   So it also depends on who their jungler was.  Still, cloth + 5 is an a lot of extra health and resistance to justify the boots purchase.  There are variables (whether you were purple or blue, whether they had a gank-centric jungler, what summoners you were running, etc.), but its safe to say I think that the other Riven made the better choice.   That said, the way you described the situation, of course the Yi would be retarded.  I'm skeptical though... Yi has a pretty fast clear time and should, under no circumstances, be lvl 2 while you're lvl 4.  He'd have to have wasted all of his time camping and then decide to waste more of his time ganking, which is the WRONG way to play jungle yi.  I wouldn't have even called for the gank if he was that far behind and would've told him to just farm because either 1) It is clear he needs to farm and is being stoopid by not.  2) Yi is a weak ganker without red, and with it for that matter.  3) If you know that your Yi is bad, then you could've probably guessed he'd do something horrible like fail an easy gank.  That said, unless you're in ELO Hell or pre 30, I can't see a non-troll yi being this bad.   Dat
0	In my 6th grade year, I was crushing on a friend of mine and he had a group of friends (mostly guys, no less) that I was familiar with in elementary. I went to a school where they didn't allow you to put your jacket around your waist because they were really strict about looking "professional".   So I was sitting at the lunch table near them with a few friends. I looked over at them to see if he was there and I realize they're all kind of glancing at me and two of them were talking at me with a kind of wide-eyed look but I couldn't hear them over the sound of the cafeteria. My friend closest to them heard and said, "they said you have red stuff all over your pants!"   I look back and realize there's blotchy, red stains on the back of my khaki pants. My face was as red as the period blood that invited itself out of my pants. I made up some lame excuse about my pants being mixed in with some red clothes in the dryer this morning. a friend walked behind me while i put my jacket on and walked the entire length of the cafeteria to the nurse's office. They gave me a new set of capris(ugh) two sizes too small for the rest of the day.
1	Me and a buddy tried Duo mid lane before. Our main downfall was that we didn't get a premade for it, since anything that isn't what the pros do is a horrible idea, we got a lot of shit for it from our team who tried to play it like any normal game.   I believe I was Caitlyn and he was Ryze. We grabbed the first kill mid, and I spent most of the game ganking top and bot when they pushed too far. Our jungle did absolutely nothing, why did we even have a jungle in this set up, I will never know but he insisted upon it.   We lost because our Gangplank  jungle  lost the jungle. I don't remember their jungler but he was fed, and warded everywhere, he had complete control of the river and even our jungle. He shut down ever attempt we made to leave mid and gank.   All we could do was sit there and watch as our top and bottom lanes got pushed back, and our jungle repeatedly died. Only option to help any of the lanes was to run back to base and run up the lane, which took far too much time to be effective.
1	ADC's are balanced right now because they don't bring a lot to the table in the early game, compared to AP mids, whereas when they get to late game they are the shining stars. If riot were to make 4 new item slots that would mean they had to fix the entire way they balanced the different playstyles, so that adc's wouldn't 1-2 shot everyone not being above 200armor and a shitload of hp. The same way Apc would fall more and more and lastly become almost useless, because if as you said, you have a veigar, then imagine him in a fight vs. a 6 offensive item ADC + 4 defensive items (Warmogs+GA+Maw of malmortius+banshee's) the ADC would still just melt the Apc, and the Ap wouldn't be able to touch him.   So the
0	Driving the kids on holiday this summer I had to listen to frozen over and over. At first I tried to filter it out. Then I tuned into the words. Some of the songs are pretty clever on word-play and kinda fun.   I listened to it so much I formulated a political opinion of it. I figure most Disney cartoons are now about the 1% and what a trial it is for them in their big castles and that we should feel sorry for them because money doesn't buy happiness. We don't hear much about the army of minions making the feast.   Probably I've just listened to it too many times.
0	Each of us has a foundation of values that shapes us, that leads us to form our own opinions on gun rights/gun laws.  Each of our opinions is valid, even when reaching totally different conclusions.   Our society now is a product of guidelines/rules/laws that are in place.  An ever-changing "norm" develops, and in context guns, the "norm" now is what we see around us.   Gun rights advocates are right, guns don't kill people, people use guns to kill people.  But people do just about everything.  So get used to them using guns; in every way imaginable.
1	Sorta two answers for this:     This game has a very clear meta (set of picks and roles that are considered superior), and many people will get very unhappy if you pick outside of the meta, but understanding that will come with time, so I wouldn't worry about trying to follow it too much until you have some experience with the game under your belt.     The much bigger one, just be a nice person.  As long as you're nice and communicative, people will generally be okay with you - if they're more knowledgeable, they'll see you and want to help you, and they'll regardless be more willing to accept a lack of knowledge if you're at least positively communicative about it.  If you're a jerk at all, you can ruin everyone's day, and no one wants that :(
1	You are either younger than myself and still have hope or more optimistic than myself and still think that French people can learn English and more than that, wants to learn it.   Go on any Video games forum and check the forums concerning any game that chose not to translate the game in french.   You will find countless of "this game is great but in english so nope".   Our country (I'm obviously french too) is full of despise for english, on top of that the way we learn it at school is awful. I learned english in 1 year when I decided I needed to be able to understand series instead of waiting for the subtitles ;p. Most people can't even go to a movie if it's in english, outside of Paris, you can have a hard time finding a theater with movies in english.   So yes, french casters are mandatory.   But even without this, when you are in a country, a way to show respect to the audience is to give them some confort. And in France we speak french, so you have to make the presentation in french. And don't forget that the game is playable at the age of 12, and try to remember the young 12 yo You and his ability to speak and understand english, except if you are out of the norm, must a terrible memory :p.
1	you do realise ww can gank before level 6. The only reason all the "pro's" say he cant gank pre 6 is because at higher elo there is less chance of the lane being pushed. In the situation with ashe as you described the lane would almost be at her tower 100% of the time making it easy for you to run in behind and set up a gank to either make them scared or to get kills.
1	I'm sorry but I hate the whole 'players should fight each other, not the game' philosophy. Book-keeping is, and should be, a relevant skill in League, just like keeping timers for yourself before they introduced the on-screen ones. The further you take this idea, the more you end up spoon-feeding the player info with little or no effort required.
1	This is how I Remember, as someone who played since week 4 open beta.   Open beta: Everyone was a noob. At least majority of people including me. There could have been a meta if people knew the game but at this time it was pretty much ruled by op champions. There were no pros to dictate what was good. Just what you got wrecked by.   Twitch 1v5s and Twisted Fate ruling games. Shaco and Yi being the ultimate pub stompers carrying games. Udyr with in overtime locket never dying. Basically anything goes, broken shit wins. Blind pick only.   Preseason: Ranked ladders introduced. HotshotGG always on top(from what I remember) Nidalee fanboys wrecking games following him. Teams started to form, Reginald tier lists. Metas started to adapt.   At this time there was only one real meta the CC AOE comps. Alistar, Amumu, Annie and honestly I forget. Still no meta really though just what ever is most op and most cc. Adc mids were popular. Merc treads were always bought. Zekes and malady worst items in the game.   Season 1: Famous pub stomper Xin released. Lots of new players lots of deaths. Was never as good as twitch or Twisted Fate was. Xin wasn't that broken, it took Riot a while to change him(like three patches, he's famous op because of how much crying he produced). It's just he snowballed like crazy.   The meta during this time started to sink in. Carry mid, low income high base damage champs bot, Warwick/Xin or other champs that could survive the high xp low gold jungle, rejects/tanks go top.   Champs being pumped out every two weeks so it changed often and Reginald tier lists became even bigger of a deal. He got a lot of hate but flavor of the months started to happen. Everyone would pick one champ and claim op until Nerfed. Happened up until season 3 when got their shit together and realized how much items impact games, not champs.   Don't remember the op champs really, patches changed a lot. Ezreal always big deal. Used to heal with w and be AP that was huge. Ashe, Warwick, Xin, twitch, Shen, Rammus jungle with powerball. Eve jungle with revive(was this season 1 or 2 idk)   Season 2:  Flavor of the month holy shit.   Meta established and firm. Some variations but generally heavy farm ap mids that take wraiths Diana, Anivia. Tanky tops, mainly Shen because teleport comps op. I forget  about the jungle(hated the role at the time). Maybe the season 1s jungler so described were the ones here. Support and adc bottom lane. Holy trinity ez graves corki. Vayne  was good at first. Fucking taric ez the love bot lane every game. Loved it.   Quit during part of season two so I don't remember a whole late. Played diana from her release till she became shit season 3. (Lich bane nerf final nail in coffin for me)   Season 3.   Known well not going I describe a bunch. Cleavers warmogs Bork. Basically season of abuse the items and vision control supports. Agies on support or jungler every game basically double support for the assassin mid lane. All about the mid lane this season. I liked support in the season blitz was fun controlling whole map.   Season 4:  You guys know this one. Bot lane most important really this season. Adc item changes and jungle nerfs after nerfs. Top lane rejects mid lane support rejects until the end then hyper damage safe wave clear mids.   Basically that's it. Sorry for typos formatting. Did it on phone.  I probably forgot a lot I just tried to say what others didn't. Also described from solo queue view. Didn't watch to much games.
1	So.... I'm ready for the downvotes, but there is such a thing as elo hell. However, it depends on how you play League. If you can play a fantastic slew of carries, then by all means, you should be able to drag yourself out of any elo rating you don't belong at. However, if you're playing tank, support, or basically anything other than a supreme output of damage, then you will have a 50/50 win loss regardless of your skill. Well... maybe not 50/50, but certainly closer to 50/50 than your win loss should be.   Now, as you get closer to 1200, this becomes harder, because all of a sudden, having a tank on your team actually matters, and if your choice is between playing the only tank, or playing another carry, then playing the carry will be detrimental to your team (depending on if the other team's tank is any good). However, this means you rely on your carry to carry and can't really so it yourself. It's pretty much at the point where people care about team comps where it is difficult to drag yourself out of a bad situation.   I'm currently at 1184. It sucks. I don't know if I belong here, but I might. In fact, I probably do, considering that's where I am. This section is put in here for 2 reasons. Firstly, I don't want people to find out my ELO on there own and therefore assume that my comment is worthless. Skill at this game, and how well I understand math, psychology, and statistics, may correlate, but that doesn't mean that I'm bad at school just because I can't get into the bracket I want to be in. Secondly, I have talked to one of my IRL friends. He's top 100 in solo queue. He asked where I was in ELO. I told him. He was shocked. He saw me play and said I could play Amumu at 1500+ ratings. However, he also said that I can't get up there without learning how to play a carry. He said it sucks, and that he'd be willing to duo queue with me, but I don't think that I want to be dragged up undeservedly. I want to earn my way up.   Also, I'm 50 games wins ahead of losses in normals and have had a 50/50 win loss for the past 100 or so games, so I'm surprised that I'm not higher in ranked, but by no means blaming anyone other than myself for my lack of playing carries.
1	Sorry, but that's not true. [Take a look at playdota]( there is a -kick afk # command and it was quite liberally used.   DotA 2 does not disallow reconnecting after abandonment. There is even a special contingency for that situation: [the abandoner begins gaining passive gold again]( If you meant afk, you can refer to [this thread]( which is actually a complaint that it doesn't do that.
1	Well, very often it's the entire server that has problems, so pretty much everyone on EUW lags.   When it's not the server, there are still some people with problems, but a lot less.   For example, I have increased ping the last 2 months because there's one IP on the route from me to Riot's servers (77.67.73.166), which increases my ping. This has to do with how many people are online, but also with the ISP you are using.   In my example, the IP 77.67.73.166 isn't owned by my ISP, still it's always in my traceroutes, so I have increased ping relatively often
0	So one day not too long after this movie came out, there was a truck coming to my city loaded with tv and NES consoles to have a gaming contest.  I was great at games, would rent them, beat them and then return it to the store in a couple of hours saying it froze or make up some excuse to get them to trade it for free, then beat that game that same night.   Anyhow, I was cocky as fuck when I was lined up behind the truck.  They didn't tell us what game we were going to be playing, and I didn't care.  I noticed the kid in front of me was holding a lot of Nintendo Power magazines so started talking to him.  He looked like a very quiet and shy kid, but fuck was he smart.  He was telling me how he had figured out that we would be playing SMB3, and he used math to do it; he showed me the fucking equation.  He went on about how they were going to base the scoring of the contest on the game points and was sharing secrets with me such as the Goomba Stomp Trick (level 1-2 using the raccoon tail to never hit ground until you got 8,000 points from stomping Goomba's, then do it again) and a whole bunch of other tricks I can't remember.   I realized right then and there that I didn't have a hope in hell of beating this kid if he was right (he did win the competition by the way).  So, I get into the truck and sure enough it is SMB3.  What do I do? Haul ass to the castle, fly up and get the damn warp whistle.  Fuck them all, I was the wizard for that moment.  I got my pin, which I still have, and left happy to get just that.
0	The guy is lying- she didn't admit that to him, look at his post history- this is what she actually said "So after a day of hanging out yesterday with her and her room mates around town, at the end of the night I decided to ask her if everything was okay and that I'd noticed some distance between us and she said she felt it too and the bad part was it didn't bother her. She said she didn't know what she wanted and that she doesn't know if she wants to be in a relationship. She said that she was getting over some personal issues(through therapy) and that she really wanted to focus on herself right now and be selfish.  We talked for a couple hours, it started out as we should take it slower and give each other some space for a few days to think about it to her saying that you can't go back from a conversation like this and that we should break up.  She said things like it sucks ending a relationship with so many positives, that we had so much fun together and that she wants me to be a part of her life.   I don't know what to do, I really care about this girl and it seems like it just happened so quickly.  Should I consider this over? Or should I just give her some space and see if she changes her mind and that its just a phase we're going through and that you can come back from a conversation like this?   Thank you for taking the time to read this and any advice or perspective you may have.
1	they are probably out. kta won 2-0 vs prime and skt k and lost 2-0 to skt s.   skt s and skt split so skt s has more points than skt k IF they will win vs prime.   But since prime is a new team everyone expects them to get 2-0d. and they got stomped by skt k and kta.   sorry for my horrible english but i hope it was udnerstandable.
1	Was the old system broken? Yes. People could play anything and nothing was ever done about it. Was the system Twitch implemented done well? Hell no, they couldn't have done a much worse job.   I agree that this is work that some people do not want freely used. Yes, some artists do profit off of livestreams. I've gotten a fair share of my music from streamers, and I guarantee you that sales of songs like "Ameno" have gone up due to livestreams. However, many others may not want people using their work, and that is 100% acceptable.   Twitch fucked up in several ways:     They take out a 30 minute section for a single flag detected by their system. 30 minutes. How many songs can you even name that are 30 minutes long? I can name like 3. They could easily chop this down to 6 minutes and 99% of all songs would still get blocked. They could also have their detection software determine when it has ceased detecting copyrighted material for x number of seconds and end the mute there.     Using a guilty until proven otherwise system is just asking to piss people off. They could of at least designed something where the system passes through a VOD, and if it detects something AND if the streamer typically gets x number of concurrent viewers, than that chunk of sound is manually reviewed by staff. They would literally only need to listen for a few seconds. It could autoplay, the Twitch staff hits the green or red button, and the next video plays. Not many streamers even have significant enough viewership to have this happen, it would really not take much manpower on their end.     No warning. How in the fuck does anyone think that bringing a change like this didn't deserve any warning in advance. That's just plain stupid.     They could've done so many things with that detection software....they could use that to share some revenue that would have been made from the VOD. Or, they could implement support for playing music from certain sites, and artists could be credited properly. How about dual audio streams, so your music could be on a separate track that doesn't play during VODs? They had so many options that would have worked in a way that would please more people.       Something did have to change, that's a given. The reason people are pissed is because they did this in a very poor way. They literally failed in almost every way.
0	Are you me? Holy shit. I'm 19, and everything is the biggest deal in the world. My only saving grace is that my entire family is so dysfunctional that my mother literally doesn't talk to anyone besides her parents and one sister, and my dad doesn't talk to anyone at all (and my mom is one of 5 children, and my dad is one of 7 children). It's funny, because they call the rest of my family crazy, like they're outsiders or something. I guess I'm going to be following suit, because like you, once I am financially independent and out of college, I really don't see myself talking to my parents.   It's irritating, because they don't understand that, while they're not explicitly abusive, they're so suffocating and strangling, and they shit on me so much for the smallest things, that I don't ever want to speak to them. They yell at me  literally  every day for going to sleep at midnight (which they know because I'm a commuter and live at home). How is sleeping at midnight a horrible thing to do when you're in college? I don't do any drugs or smoke, I never drink, I don't go to parties, and I'm pulling a 3.68 GPA, and yet I get shit on for staying up until midnight and for having one or two Bs on my transcript. Gee, I don't remember hearing a word from them for my A- in two semesters of organic chemistry, or A in two semesters of physics, but a B in a meaningless core class like philosophy is the end of the world.   When they stop speaking to me for weeks for something petty, those are the most peaceful weeks of my life, because it's the only time I'm not judged. I loathe that day they actually talk to me again (usually because they need me to do something). I really can't wait to graduate so I can cut them out of my life.
0	I certainly can't speak for everyone, but I tend to dislike hunters because I've never personally met one that was reasonable or responsible about it. Murdering animals to them is more than a way to get food, more than sport - it's purely for fun and bragging rights. Many of the ones I've met don't give half a fuck what season it is; if they see something they want to shoot, they'll shoot it because "no gov'ment can tell me how to live my life" or "God put animals on this Earth so we can eat them." There's always some argument for them to be above everyone else.   To give you a bit more insight, I've seen people go out and kill 3-4 deer for a family of 5 adults. They then realize they only want 1 or maybe 2, so they leave the rest there to rot because "it's natural and other animals will eat it". So they bring home their 1-2 deer, talking the whole way back about how awesome it was that they missed the first few shots and crippled the animal, and how great it was to watch it slowly die (of course, they didn't put it out of its misery because that's a waste of bullets - you only shoot again if it'll get away). They get home, instantly throw away perfectly good meat in the freezer to make room, and "clean" the deer where everyone in the neighborhood can see. Freeze it, eat a couple of meals from it, then repeat next weekend...   Are most hunters like this? Absolutely not. I'm positive that this isn't common whatsoever. In fact, I'm pretty positive this is a rarity made 'common' purely because of the protection of small-town IncestJesusville, KY. But do I think about it every time someone says they hunt? Absolutely. I'll always relate hunting - no matter how reasonable - to selfish, psychopathic behavior.
0	Don't listen to everyone saying "you're not over it" just because it popped into your head when he friended you. It shouldn't be a surprise that the first thought that comes into your mind when you see this guy is "fat", because that's who he was to you - the guy who called you fat. Since that thought was bound to pop up, it was only natural that the connection to "oh, he's fat now" was next. Then you had a chance to use the "x lost weight, x found it" joke, which I and lots of others think is a humorous piece of wordplay.
1	Does anybody know if you get an honorable ribbon if you are matched with other honorable teammates?   I recently got the green ribbon, and I am really proud of it. More proud of that green ribbon than my silver border (and I had a bronze border all last season).   But, my point is it seems like I have gotten matched with other ribboned  people for teammates. It's not uncommon for me to have everybody on my team with a ribbon.   I bring this up because, I am a silver 5 player. And I have had really nice fun games ever since I got my ribbon. This guy says that "The people I have met in Silver V have been some of the nastiest, toxic, and uncooperative players I have encountered." But that is not my experience at all.   I can't remember the last time I had a troll in my game. I have teammates that get mad when they don't get mid, but they either dodge or play another role. I also get people that feed really badly unintentionally, and people that rage at them. But overall I can't realistically ask for a better soloq experience.
0	Cows are holy animals in India? I said meat is a luxury product. And the choice not to eat it is also...a luxury. Now in western culture it is a choice it's not always like that in other cultures. People will quickly abandon their vegetarianism if there is nothing else to eat. That's my point.
1	Most champions have problems in lane against Nasus. I am only in Bronze, so I don't have a lot of experience in ranked, but I specifically made a lot of 1v1 tests with my brother to find a champions that does well against the dog.   Until now, it seems like almost every champion has problems, because you can simply buy a flask and outsustain almost anyone with Nasus. What I found out: The best bets against Nasus are champions like Renekton, Riven and especially  Zed .   Zed is almost perfect against Nasus, because     he doesn't rely on mana (infinite harassment) ,   he can harass Nasus from afar,   he can deal enough damage to create a kill potential (Botrk),   he has an escape mechanism that helps him against Wither+Ganks.
1	You have had a very sheltered gaming life if LoL has significantly more problems than any other game you have ever played. I guess you have never played a game with multiple instances of "if you encounter this bug, you cannot finish the game" you also don't seem to have ever played a game that had major balance issues.   Yea, LoL has its issues but it isn't at, say, Skyrim level where there are multiple bugs that can randomly kill NPCs, duplicate NPCs, spawn NPCs in the wrong location, prevent items from being picked up, prevent items from being dropped, revent items from being sold, mislabel items as stolen, prevent buffs from activating, double stack buffs, prevent cutscenes/dialogue from triggering, trigger the same dialogue multiple times, trigger multiple dialogues at the same time, trigger an inescapable dialogue in the middle of combat, loop cutscenes indefinitely, prevent quest completion for both side and main quests (which can render the game unfinishable), NPCs missing dialogue options to initiate or complete quests, delete items stored in chests/barrels. I could keep going for a long time and that is only with issues that actually affect gameplay significantly. As for balance, yes, there are a few slightly outclassed champions and one or two trash tier ones but lets look at some other games with balance issues.   Street Fighter 2 had one character that dominated every other character to the point where Akuma was permanently banned in all tournaments because he was so powerful that your choices were either pick him or lose. Likewise SSBB on release had Meta Knight banned from all tournaments because he was so dominant that there was no reason to play any other character, meanwhile it had characters like Falcon and Ganondorf who had identical skill sets except than Ganondorf's moves were almost universally slower and weaker (imagine if we had a champion called Dux who had the exact same skills as Lux but they all had 0.5 seconds longer cast time, all the missiles moved 50 slower and did 75% of the damage of Lux's abilities, oh but to make up for it, her ulti has 100 extra range). Straying away from video games a bit, YuGiOh a couple of months ago had a format where there was a single massively dominant deck to the point where the list of the top 32 players from any given tournament featured 20+ players playing the same deck (not similar decks with slight variation, identical decks reproduced card for card) and 4+ players playing the same deck with one or two cards changed.
1	Playing Nocturne in a lane isn't all that hard. The key is to learn how to stop and last hit. Nocturne makes it so easy to last hit. I've done both mid and top several times.   I use spacebar for my stop, and I just stay behind the melee minions. If one of their caster minions is about to die, I Q it. If one if the melee minions is about to die, I last hit AA it, or any minion close to do the AOE damage. If you really have to, Q to avoid unit collision, then AA with Umbra. But don't push. On top, get Unspeakable first and fear the top laner when he tries to last hit. On mid, get Shroud to block the spells when able.   Stay conservative; realize how easy it is to push your lane. On top, you have nothing to fall back on if you push too hard. Mid is trickier, but if you push, you can steal their wraiths ( and your wraiths and wolves, if you have no jungler.) If you don't have a jungler, you still kind of fit that role, so enjoy the bounty of neutral minions, and love life. If you have a jungler, then stay back, wait for the signal, and initiate the gank with Q into E.   Item wise, it's really up to you. I love an assassin based build, but it's generally not feasible to work with team comp. So start with boots and 3 pots, build into HoG, then either Wriggles or Madred's Razors and Vamp Scepter (you'll build them into a Bloodrazor and BloodThirster,  Wit's End, Frozen Mallet, the BR and BT from above, and AotL. Build these in order depending on your enemy. EDIT: If they go armor, Prioitize a Black Cleaver in replace of BT, BR, or AotL, depending on your preference.   I go 9/21/0 and use Ignite/Flash and CV, but that's just me. I love seeing them run out of view, CVing them, then ulting for the kill. But that's just me. If you don't, ignite and your choice, everyone loves a flash.   One last thing; Although you don't like to jungle, pushing your lane hard at the beginning will set you up to roam, which IS what Nocturne does best. Wards are your friends, both to see ganks coming, and to pick out an out of place carry who begs to be taught a lesson.
1	I almost got my first penta on Miss Fortune the other day. Perfectly placed my ult with our rammus initiating under their inhib turret, double off the ult, double up for 2 more kills, the my support Nami flash ulted their Cho'Gath for the kill....I wanted to rage at her but as she was sitting right beside me IRL and is my girlfriend to boot I couldn't really do anything :\
1	After reading my post and your post I have to say you are right and wrong at the same time. One of the fundemental flaws in League of Legends is that high-tier items are more efficient than their buildup (base) items, this causes the team that is ahead to secure their lead, preventing comebacks.   The term snowballing is just in a really weird place because in League of Legends it's really easy to secure a lead, so it's more of a head start which stays the same rather than growing out of control. Scaling in League of Legends is a lot more linear so once you have a lead you stay in the lead. In Dota 2, if you don't stop Anti-Mage before he gets his battlefury he is going to snowball out of control. You didn't stop him when he was small, and now he will scale faster than everyone else, getting further and further ahead.   I don't know if there are any graphs of gold/exp leads in League of Legends? You should compare them to Dota 2.
1	You start by not dying so much. "But Chad, surely because my kills outweigh my deaths means I'm good, right?" nope. You should be reducing those 9 or 7 deaths to 2-4 per game. Don't get caught, ward (it's not just for supports anymore), pay attention to the minimap. What's your farm like in these games? How long do they usually go? Once you're not dying and looking at the minimap and farming well, go push objectives. Secure dragons (it's not just the jungler's responsibility) if the enemy is down a man and is trying to pressure, you need to engage, take a couple down and then push a tower. Every time you have the map advantage and your waves are pushing, push a tower. if your enemy has a good defensive position, go take dragon. "But my team sucks and doesn't know how to teamfight" well, start feeding them kills so they can itemize. People don't play champs they don't know how to play in soloqueue. Gank other lanes (or learn to play jungle really well) once you're winning and give kills to your allies. You don't need the kills if you're well farmed. obviously try to secure kills if the enemy is going to escape, but don't ult someone who's just about dead because of your 3 teammates. every chance you get, push an objective. go for map control (this is where wards come in and you get the opportunity to catch people out. there are plenty of good warding guides out there). Pick on the enemy support. Usually support players don't know what they're doing in Bronze or just happened to be last pick.
0	It depends on the type of movie.  8 or 9 times out of 10, I say I'd rather not have the unnecessary sequel.  Follow me on this rant for a second:   Let's say you have a movie or series of movies that wraps up the story extremely well.  Ironically, the best case I can think of is Star Wars.  There's a movie series that wraps up perfectly in RotJ.  Luke becomes the Jedi he was destined to be when he first showed up.  The evil Emperor and Empire they've been fighting since the beginning is defeated. And if you care for the prequels, Darth Vader/Anakin brings balance to the Force.  Again, every important problem and question is resolved.  The premise that the series started out with is done.   But if you add a sequel to that, who do you have them fight?  Some new evil, or a bigger evil, or maybe the Empire wasn't defeated at all?  So what was the point of the Star Wars movies we already got, especially the Original Trilogy?  If they didn't really beat all the evil like they seemed to, was it just a pointless journey?  In the Expanded Universe there's a book where the Emperor transferred his soul to a clone of himself just before 'dying' and comes back to tempt Luke.  That's an example of ruining the source material before it, because it takes the significance out of a scene like Darth Vader throwing the Emperor down the Death Star.  And what about character development? If you add a bigger character goal then the whole journey so far seems insignificant because your main character wasn't really done.   And to quote Aristotle's poetics, a story needs a beginning, middle, and an  end .  These unnecessary sequels are a huge contradiction to that as well as a couple other points in that work.   All that said, the original Space Jam was an incomplete story on its own, so it could have a sequel and not be unnecessary.  If you think about it, the original one comes from the same place these 'unnecessary sequels' come from: a movie studio adapting their existing properties into something that'll make them money.  Since that's where the idea came from, go ahead and make a new sequel!  And as much as I loved the original and Michael Jordan as a kid, there's some easy opportunity to make a new Space Jam that's better then the original.
1	I don't even think you have to master new champions (which I still would encourage though as it's always good), lane bullies can play farm lanes too even if it doesn't feel right. I recognize the greedy-for-cs, I've done that a lot myself. It just feels like not even trying to get that lasthit (which will get me a ton of harass) is me doing something wrong, when it's actually the smarter thing to do to not get forced back to base and fall even further behind.   I'm not sure if this is relevant but it helped me a lot to learn when to trade back, for example when playing Irelia into Riven. I've had SO much trouble with that matchup for so long and I realized I failed to trade back over and over again as I let her back away after using all her cooldowns to harass me (rivens E>Q>W combo does so much damage and doesn't really leave any room to fight back) when I should take the opportunity and window to use my own cooldowns on her while hers is down, that's the only way to make even trades in this situation and not get freely harassed.
0	I've used ramen cups and bowls for drinks. Refilled water bottles with bathroom sink water. Drank room temperature, flat day old beer from a 40. Ate with a frying pan on my lap. Used dirty underwear and socks as a napkin.
1	I'm out of the loop, could someone
0	I once drove 3 hours home from college, in the snow to leave for a flight the next morning. I get to my destination and realize I don't have my ID and it's nowhere to be found. So I drive 3 hours BACK to college, find my ID in the "in plain sight and I'll never forget it if i put it here" spot I put it in earlier. It's now around 1:30 in the morning and snow is coming down steady. I stop at sheetz to get some energy drinks and gum. Total was $6.66... so I bought another pack of gum because I'm a superstitious pussy and I trucked on back to home. Another 3+ hour drive. As soon as I got there I had to hop on the plane. At least I was going to Vegas but goddamn what a terrible night!
0	Well, this comes in handy for people browsing reddit in the workplace (on breaks or otherwise. Let's be honest, we all waste company time on here) or out in public. So just randomly being out and about and then all the sudden bikini or something equally scantily could be a cause of a little bit of embarrassment.   I'd like to believe that the ones who put the NSFW tag on these things are the ones who can directly relate to not wanting to be caught with those bikini pictures on their computer, so they do it as a courtesy to others.
1	I don't know how much other people charge for lessons. I chose this price relative to the other private tutoring work that I do. I'm not saying that I am necessarily better than other instructors who might even teach for free. I too have taught for free in the past, and still offer advice freely to all who I play with. A private lesson is different however, in that I vow to spend time specifically focusing on how to help a particular student improve.   What differentiates me is that I do more than just tell people what they should have done, or how to play better. Rather, I ask people to think for themselves by discussing which factors we should be considering when making our decisions about how best to play. This prepares the student to continue to progress on their own without trapping them in methods or tactics that might become outdated. Also, my vast experience educating has taught me to change my teaching methods based on the type of student. I can tailor my communication style to many different types of students, almost always finding a way to explain with words that they understand.
0	This has only happened to me twice, both times I was highly skeptical, and spent awhile looking for serious issues. If the program doesn't fail to compile the first few times and then have multiple semantic errors while testing it, I assume I'm dreaming or hallucinating.   That being said, I miss the days of 300-line programs. I'm currently working on a game that has around 50,000 lines of code, and it's still in the prototype phase. I'm guessing it'll end up with around 100,000 lines by the time it's done. And that's just game code specifically, the engine it's running on is another 100,000 lines.
0	What you said as to my first point is fair, the bible doesn't say that he is perfect. And while I disagree that there are any people who can be considered righteous that would do what he did, that's far more subject to individual opinion, so it isn't really something that I can use as a discussion point. And I apologize for using quotations around righteous, I suppose italics would have been more proper. I'm used to typing in places where italics are unavailable. However, in the previous chapter, it states that if there were 10 righteous men in Sodom that god wouldn't destroy the city. Lot was the one righteous man who was saved when the angels went looking.   About my second point, I could have sworn I read that exact wordage. I didn't mean to misquote. However, god caused famine in the land for 3 years, and when these children were killed the famine was lifted. It caused god to become once again happy with the people of Israel. As opposed to the first example, I think this situation makes it fairly clear that in god's eyes it was right.   As to my
1	I 100% agree with you I am a plat ADC but every since cinderhulk and tanks were seen in competitive all I see now is a big healthy tanker jungler and top which I enjoy, However it has made me adjust my style for the better, I now only proceed to play ADC, that can build botrk first (vayne&twitch&Kog are the ones that come to mind) This has helped me become a better adc as I have learnt my limits as a carry and have got better and positioning. This has also made me think more about my items e.g. they have sej qss 2nd or 3rd item :)
1	I don't think this is true at all.  Just because CLG.eu's bot lane isn't as famous and flashy as Froggen and Wickd doesn't mean that they're the big weakness.  I believe a member of CLG.eu has actually gone out and said that their bot lane duo is the biggest part of their success (I could be wrong about that one, though).   In any case, the reason CLG.eu does well is their 5-man synergy and friendship with one another.  They all appear to really know and like one another, they sing together before and during games to keep morale up.  If you switched out 40% of the team, you would kill that wonderful comfort-level and infect it with the significantly more morale-killing presence of players from CLG.na.  Chauster is loud as hell and Doublelift swears a lot.  Doesn't really seem like a good fit.
0	That's assuming that an accusation of misconduct is made and reported for every single instance of actual misconduct. I guarantee that is not the case.   Additionally, assuming that figure is pretty close, let's call it 1% of officers are breaking the law. How many of them are ever charged, or even convicted? Almost 0. That's a pretty shitty accountability rate.   Not to mention the primary problem: Even if just 1 in 100 officers are breaking the law and abusing innocent citizens, those are still innocent people potentially having their lives ruined, with no recourse.   And, the FBI estimates 13,687,241 arrests occured in the US in 2009. Assuming a fairly uniform distribution of arrests per officer, that would mean at least 136,872 arrests per year (11k+ a month) are suspect.   But I guess these are the kind of things that are easy to overlook if you assume it can never happen to you. Just let the people who deserve it deal with the problem cops, you can just go on being an upstanding citizen and pretending like nothing's wrong. Maybe your mind will change when that 1% chance of being railroaded on completely fabricated charges happens to you.
0	this is a very good point. both party's confidence and ability to deal with the social repercussions of the situation play a role in the success of the relationship, or it even happening in the first place, which is pretty much the
1	I'm Italian, and here people used to start drinking even at 14-15 no problem. People would sell you alcohol without a single question.   Lately it's a bit harder, but you still can drink whatever you want if you're 16-18, nobody's gonna ask you any document and for sure you're not gonna get any trouble if you get caught drunk.
0	Either you're a huge dick, or completely oblivious to another post.
1	I don't think it's out of control. And posts with this kind of "titles" only contribute to make people think CLG has more problems that they really do (they have problems, that's for sure). I'm not saying you do that on purpose but it wasn't out of control at all in my opinion.   They are trying to develop a new call system, it's natural to start fighting or screaming if they mess up something. When i play LoL with friends we rage sometimes when someone stop listen and go berserk. I was watching both CLG and Curse streams and holy mother... I really understand why the teams tends to have a people to make the calls, 5 guys talking at the same time don't work at all.   Hotshot said in a recent interview that Saint was the one who make the calls back when he was on CLG. Now they are trying with Chauster. As a fan of CLG I hope they can work a good communication system to focus only in the game.
0	Better than Telus. I went in to a Telus store to change my number (moved to Ontario) and they signed me up for a 5 dollar a month email service I was never told about, never wanted, and never consented to. I discover this a few months later during a call to support and they credit the charge back on my next bill - so no real harm done in the end, right?   Except they didn't apply the credit, I paid the amount they quoted me which was 30 dollars less than what they seemed to expect. I couldn't access online banking either because of problems I had (since resolved) with their site so I didn't see this (my mistake there). They shut off my phone and charged me an extra hundred dollars on my bill for that thirty dollar difference - a thirty dollar difference because they didn't credit me correctly for money they overcharged me.
0	It wasn't an argument, it was a statement of  fact . Not every statement of fact requires you to cite references in casual conversation.   In fact, loudly demanding citations is a tactic of rhetorical obfuscation. The fact that religiosity correlates negatively with IQ and education is a matter of public record. It is in no way a generalization, in fact, calling this statement a sweeping generalization is absolutely nonsensical.   No one ever generalized every atheist as intelligent, or every religious person as stupid. It was merely pointed out that any random atheist is more  likely  to be intelligent than any random religious person because of demographics.   No one ever claimed a causal relationship except for you.   Also,   > Also, citing 'Wikipedia' or 'Google it' as your references does little to strengthen your argument.   It strengthens the argument immensely, which you would realize if you understood what the actual argument is.   Which is - irreligion's correlation with intelligence and education is completely uncontroversial, and yelling "cite sources!" is an idiotic response. The top search result of "iq religion" is an extensive Wikipedia article which lists a myriad of reputable sources.
1	It wasn't the champions they were up against it just seems they had no idea how to deal with aAa's strategy. We saw a very similar strategy from Curse(I think)a couple tournaments ago. Pretty much send some one to each lane and push.   as for your comments on Nidalee. I really do not see how she is the only champion who fills that role. You can do the same exact thing with Jayce. He has mobility, wave clear, and an attack speed buff.   Also as shown in this tournament many many times Shen ult is countered by insane burst damage. Just kill the champ before Shen can fully channel, and boom you have a 3v5. Dragonborn know this and used this tactic in previous matches.
0	wat. The strangest dream I've ever had involved me being about 5 years old, and completely alone in a Kroger grocery store. I walked around until I saw the tank of fresh lobsters, which proceeded to crawl out of the tank and eat me alive. Scared the hell out of me and I had a genuine fear of lobsters for years to come, until about 4 years ago when I ate one that I saw picked out of a tank fresh and killed. Took all the anxiety away.
0	Scientist here. Let me set this straight: OP is both right and wrong. Here is why:   Going "flat" is the CO2 leaving the solution, known as "effervescence". The rate at which this occurs depends on a) temperature and b) pressure of the vessel's interior. We can assume that, after the bottle has been opened and re-capped, the pressure is 1 atmosphere. If the bottle is perfectly re-sealed, then the pressure will increase as CO2 escapes the solution, until it reaches equilibrium (where the pressure in the bottle is high enough to prevent any more CO2 escaping the solution). This is why bottles with more liquid and less empty space go flat slower, because less CO2 has to escape to reach equilibrium. The soda will go entirely flat over time because as the pressure inside the bottle rises above 1 atmosphere, the gas starts to leak out through the not-so-perfectly-sealed cap; as pressure inside increases, it leaks faster. Therefore, it never reaches equilibrium.   If you flip the bottle upside down, as OP so cleverly suggests, then the gas can't escape because it rises. Depending on how leaky the cap is, some of the liquid may leak out instead (but it is far more viscous than the gas, so it's less likely or at least much, much slower). Therefore, the soda will lose  some  fizz as the CO2 escapes into the air pocket at the top, but once it reaches equilibrium it will stop there.
1	Always stay positive with them is your best bet... They're defeated, angry, embarrassed, and want to reset the fail clock. Defeat it with positivity:   If they give up pre-laning phase, you can always offer to swap them into another lane / etc., and if that's a no-go, your best bet is eat the gold and buy 2-3 wards for their lane to help give them extra protection / make up for their gold deficit- As well as holding back on over-pushing your lane so your jungler can focus a couple ganks on that lane to get things back in control... The little things can re-shape a raging person's mood quickly.   Post-lane phase, just do your best to continue to keep an eye on them / herd them into the group if they're off farming wolves right before a team fight, etc.   More or less, to 180 the mentality of someone who's thrown in the towel / raging, you have to commit to babysitting them for a bit and gritting your teeth through a smile while you quell their chat rage / frustration. Yeah, sometimes youll get those who don't respond to your help / patience, so it's up to you to decide to give up on trying, or keep at it silently / see if you can turn them back towards trying / playing smart.   You can try to "man talk" them back into the game, but any conflict / negativity is just going to feed their rage & desire to quit.   Basically, you need to commit to being the SoloQ equivalent of a "Big Brothers Big Sisters" volunteer for a troubled youth, heh. Do you best to stay positive with them, shut down team bickering in chat / counter their negativity with maturity / facts / patience. Won't always work, but the times it does are well worth the negated loss / 4v5 due to ragequit.
1	This, masteries have always been low bonuses you cant possibly fill out a mastery tree without some of these "traps" that just so happen to be the best points to take in each tree.
1	Mr. Campitiello & Mr. Kotoff:   I'm saying this with all honesty. This is a bad pitch. Kickstarter is an interesting and new funding source for projects. There have been many great projects that have been funded. Some that I've personally donated to, both local and larger projects. The difference in those pitches is that when compared with yours, the successful pitches have been conceptualized and fully thought out. Investors weren't told a FAQ was going to be coming soon. The pitches were updated, sometimes daily with new product/project news but we never had to guess where the project was going. The finish line and the finished product were laid out from day one. The FAQ was there when the Kickstarter launched. The posters didn't mention "crews" or "various studios" they told us, Pebble Watch by Pebble Technology and Planetary Annihilation by Uber Entertainment.   These companies also did something you failed to do. Uber Entertainment didn't say they were professionals. One of their Heads helped bring us Total Annihilation. Their studio gave us Monday Night Combat, brought it to the Steam Platform, created a sequel, Super Monday Night Combat, and are still updating that sequel. Pebble Watch showed us a working prototype. They made one, they can make more. They didn't say they were professionals. We knew it when they showed us what they had done.   Who are these crews and studios? Who are you? Why do I have to ask these questions when I've read your Kickstarter front to back? I know your names and that's about it. Mr. Campitiello has: "...two years of industry experience in directing and screenwriting" In two years you can produce a student film or a feature or several vignettes. You can write a screenplay or novel in that time. Show me your experience. "He has directed and written many shorts, been actively apart of two features, and has had a screenplay accepted into a film festival." You have directed and written many shorts. Where are the Reel Excerpts to show us that? The Writing Samples we need to back that up? Industry Experts would know that is the most basic requirement when pitching. If you're an unknown, that's fine, show us student work. Show us your completed manuscript. Show us something other than a quickly edited YouTube clip that can be shot and finished in a single afternoon. If you have worked on this project for months, show us how far you've come on your own so we can help you get the rest of the way to your goal.   Mr. Kotoff: "...has years of experience in competitive markets. He manages several web series and Hollywood-based YouTube channels, and oversees film festival projects." Where is your credit for overseeing these film projects? You manage several web series yet failed to mention them in the most accessible forum? You have years of experience in competitive markets. That's good. What was your greatest professional achievement? I looked up Wizeguys Comedy. You claim over a million views in 2 months. Impressive. That's total over how many videos? Were those unique IP's? Click farms can get over a thousand views on a video a minute. Facebook Likes can be boosted to over half a million in a day for less than one tenth of a cent per click. You yourself said you have years of experience in competitive markets? Where is the proof of your experience? We are on an anonymous internet. I don't know you. You don't know me. You are asking me for money. Show me why I should.   Passion and Zeal are terrific qualities. You responded to my earlier posting that you had an infographic for the budget that was delayed. All well and good. Can you justify for me why instead of waiting the few days to finish it or rushing to finish such an important piece of data for investors you chose to rush your Kickstarter knowing full well that it was not complete? Passion makes you driven, sometimes to obsession. Where was the passion in that choice? You are telling me you're passionate. I am personally passionate about League of Legends. That I typed this up for a post no one will read shows you that passion. You are asking to create a web series for a passionate fanbase. Mr. Kotoff you should know full well with years of experience in competitive markets that you have one chance to make a first impression. This is the most genteel of criticisms you are likely to get: I'm afraid you've told me a lot and shown me not enough.
1	For clarity, since it seems some people don't know quite how the ribbons work, the blue ribbon is helpful, the green ribbon is teamwork, and yellow ribbon is an indicator that you have BOTH teamwork and helpful. There is no friendly ribbon. The blue ribbon shows up less frequently than green or yellow due to the teamwork honor being used as a default and generic honor by most players. This means that a good honor worthy player is much more likely to get the green ribbon before the blue ribbon.
0	Just do a 0 wipe and nobody's getting anything from the drive.   The idea of needing to do more than a single wipe came from a research paper that was taken out of context. Basically, in a lab, a research team was able to retrieve a single bit's state with an electron microscope. This was taken to mean that it could be done to an entire drive. What people don't realize is that the method used was only marginally better than 50% to retrieve a bit's original state. Also, think about how large hard drives are today and how impractical and expensive this procedure would be were it reliable. Hard drives are trillions of bits now, there's no way that this could be done in a reasonable amount of time.
1	In general, players should feel empowered to play what they want and to try new strategies; however, this does not give you a license to be disrespectful or rude to your fellow gamers.   Last  paragraph  sentence of Tribunal FAQ #11   > Making games is our business, so it should come as no surprise that we want you to have a lot of fun. We want you to get excited, to have tension-filled moments, and to celebrate your success. This doesn’t mean that we’re okay with you ruining anybody else’s day.   If you doing whatever you want ruins the game for 4 or 9 other players, they can report you for it.  Basically, if you're team tells you that they don't want a second jungler and you still pick a second jungler, you're wrong.  If you say that you'd like to run a double jungle strategy and your team is willing to try it, you're fine.   In these instances, you won't be reported for not playing the meta; you'll be reported for being disrespectful of the wishes of your team-mates and ruining the game for them.
0	This happened with a post of mine the other day, except I put up a screen shot from a video, turned out someone had said the same thing in a comment hours earlier, hadn't checked then all of a sudden pitch forks were out.
1	I actually love that you brought him up. The pick isn't some "hot list" champ that skyrockets in popularity after Koreans play them in a certain role/way. As long as you maintain situational awareness in fights, he provides a decent amount of cc and, like you mentioned, has that great sustain in the jungle. Also, very good timing for this segment as now I notice many more people trying to learn how to jungle after the jungle items changes made it much more pleasurable in general.
1	If you remember, I forget when this year, but one time Dyrus got a first gank and ended up getting pretty far ahead, if you think back to season four, against LMQ, he got solo kills, and basically hard carried as Mundo
0	It seems to me the 'stereotypical hot' types (male/female alike) are more prone to suffer moral deficits. I would venture to say it is due to the fact that they are physically charming so have had less motivation to work on themselves emotionally or develop empathy; because even if they are rude "People will still be nice to them."   In consideration to this I think the meme image is appropriate; it is taking someone you  want  to be endeared to and twisting it.   Your people who have 'average and below' levels of attractiveness are more likely to learn that personality goes a long way towards making someone beautiful.
0	why are you getting downvoted?   they called it recess in elementary, then "nutrition" in middle school/high school. (for me 1990-2001)   in all 3 schools we had lunch too.
1	you just were complaining it was a "new build" yet several of those builds are almost exactly the same as the ones they are building now.   so you are changing your arguement now that you are proven wrong, with proof that this isint a "new" build. you even said you had 10k games and never saw fizz top.   champs may roam at slighlty different times, but they are under the same circumstances. anyone who plays tops, especially pros, have a sense when its a good idea to roam or not, when to push when to freeze ect. although yes it varies slightly from champ to champ based on power spikes and items, farm team comp and everything else, the fact is overall, the feel for top stays the same. Theres basically a checklsit you go through and if roaming warrants it, then you do it. its not like i hit X level or i got X item, that means off i go!   irelia and riven for instance may roam slightly different, but under the same circumstances, they try to push the wave or push the other laner out, and then roam for free. while the time line may differ the general strategy is the same.   power spikes in lane, are not really different unless you are taking a really bad skill level path. items vary, but not much, as fizz needs the burst from a sheen item and the sustain synergy from botrk to be effective. weather you go sheen or cutlas first both will give you a decent power spike at relatively the same time.
1	i know this will be buried but i have games like that all the time in normals (i know you dont believe me) but im in a community that has made me able to lose 8 games in a row and admit my mistakes and still go for one more game
1	I agree that Vulcun is better than TSM. I was actually surprised to hear they came in as 3rd seed.   Also, I've always thought that NA was better than EU this season. It is very obvious, and remember: EU has only won against other EU teams today.  TSM beat GG.eu, SKT Beat Lemondogs, VUL beat FNC.   They seem to just be outclassed this year, and if the other EU teams were better than FNC, they would have beat them in a best-of. A lot of people are saying the same thing about CJ Frost because MadLife is on it, but a team is only as good as its record.
1	I don't think streams alone should be allowed; however - if someone is doing a charity stream event or maybe a class stream then that should be allowed.   I think there is an over saturation of people streaming League of Legends and most of them are to put it bluntly - pointless to watch. And I don't think you should be allowed to post if you're just going to say "I stream and give away RP." To me I read the League of Legends subreddit to get updates on the game and find out about events; not to find streamers. There is already /r/lolstreams for that.
0	This is an extremely uneducated way to look at things. For one, until recently, obesity was seen as a sign of malnutrition as opposed to over nutrition. America also had an obesity epidemic during The Great Depression. People sure as hell weren't fat from eating too much. They were eating little, and what they were eating was not the right, nutritious food.   The problem nowadays is that grains, sugars, and processed foods are so cheap and easy to make that people gravitated to them over the past few decades over making REAL food with meats and vegetables.   To go back to the Depression example, the places where obesity is greatest is with the poor. You think poor people are eating too much food? No, they don't have access to the proper food their body needs. Also, when you get obese, it's harder to simply "eat less" because your body needs more energy. As the saying goes, "You're not fat because you're hungry, you're hungry because you're fat." It's hard to restrict caloric intake when your brain is constantly telling you you're hungry.
0	I don't totally agree.  What creates picky eaters is parents who say "we made billy a special dinner because kids don't like adult food".  If parents don't give kids options, then the kids are trained to assume they don't like real food.
1	Can someone explain how mmr works and why mine is so low, i was doing really well in ranked i was on like 1 5 game win streak, but i was only gaining one point at a time, im in silver 1 which may be why i was gaining so little, so can someone just tell me why i was gaining so little i know it has to deal with mmr but i dont know why mmr is high or low
0	It isn't? Why not? You can change parts in a Mac just as you would a PC. What you probably mean is either the old non-intel Macs and their issues OR that you cannot do the modifications yourself by just going to a store and buying a new hdd/ram/powersupply/whatever. Well, if you do your own "IT service," you void warranty in non-Apples too.   Mac machines can just as easily have their parts replaced, be formatted, or whatever else you do with a Windows machine. Now, if you do something not covered by warranty then yes, for some reason you pay more for a piece than you would for a PC. But the Macbooks don't get fixed by magic. :P   I think it's more about knowing you have paid a lot for something OR a typical Mac user caring more about appliances in general. Either you have a casual user who loves the way their electronics look or you have an engineer using Linux programs etc who wants their computer to work for a long time. I'm still not buying the "artists use Macs" thing though since my Mac actually works worse with my Wacom tablet than my PC. But I digress.
1	I might be in the minority here, but I think you're thinking about the game the wrong way. Yes, kills are fun to get. BUT, the point of the game is NOT to get kills; kills are a means to an end. The point is to destroy the enemy nexus.   I think that's why so few people like to play support - going 1/1/23 isn't glamorous, but it did help your team win the game. Almost nothing pisses me off more than when our team is winning and a player on my team decides to trade 1 for 1 with an enemy carry and says "worth it." Guess what - it's not worth it. You just fed the enemy carry gold and exp, and probably didn't get much for it.   There are situations where KSing is annoying, but for me, it doesn't have anything to do with the fun factor. If your team's AD carry is constantly getting KSed, he/she won't get fed and this will hurt late game.
1	There isn't really a viable option, otherwise I think Riot would have explored it.  Calling roles is annoying, but that is what will happen when people refuse to play certain roles.  Mechanically some people cannot jungle, for lack of runes or experience, and others just flat can't last hit as the ADC.   When I play, I like to call a role that I want to play.  If it becomes a crisis (say we have a whiny little brat who only plays top-lane because he thinks he's Dyrus or whatever), I will typically let him have it and play another role.  That only works though because I'm not raging about it and I can play every role comfortably.  For most people... that just isn't an option.
1	While I definitely agree with you, I also wouldn't mind seeing a few 'off the cuff' patches to older/un-played champions, or to current champions in ways that improve their alternative usability(i.e. AP buffs to non AP champs), with the goal of pushing players into trying new strategies.   Blizzard actually does this a lot; they have a tendency to buff things just because they're not being used enough (Ravens, Infestors, etc.), then drawing them back over time once the populace is used to using that unit/thing.  Even if the unit ends up stats wise exactly how it was before, if the process helps make the game more fun to watch, it's worth it.
1	I got banned in the middle of a placement match at the beginning of this season. Got caught purchasing account referrals as I had spent 54$ on the boost recieving 17k rp, 35k ip, Grey WW and Medieval Twitch (the rewards for recruiting 100 friends to level 10). A group of my friends and I were caught, banned for 2000+ years but riot was forgiving, deciding to just take all of the things we gained away and then some (removing skins, champs, etc.).
0	I just started posting today, after lurking for quite some time. I had always seen references to orangered, and the excitement associated with them. However, after making my first couple of posts, replying to various statements as my heart pounded with a bizarre anxioty for such an anonymous medium of communication, I received my first orangered. I marginally avoided self-defecation, as I was struck with terror in this instance of social interaction. I dreaded the response that had surely struck down my idiocy. Turns out it was a one word reply agreeing with me.
0	Except that this is like calling the fridge "kitchen."   Meme is a general term for a type of idea, and for all that rage faces or image macros are memes, calling individual characters "memes" makes no more sense than calling the stove, the fridge, or any other single appliance "kitchen".   "Meme" refers to the whole concept.  "Memes" in plural would refer to a grouping of Advice Animals, Rage Comics, and Verticals, say, or other conglomeration of separate memetic concepts.  Multiple "kitchens" don't denote that you have more than one appliance for food prep, but that you have multiple groupings of food prep area + appliances.   This works to a point, but "meme" can refer to a single entity - early examples of visual memes might be [Kilroy Was Here]( or even the now unconsciously iconic smiley face.  I think trollface is the only character from the above "category group" memes that's standalone enough to be a meme in its own right.   Also, [gaijin 4koma]( I guess.
0	I don't know all the ins and outs of all religions, but I don't see what makes one religions creator any more or less credible than others. Nobody was there centuries ago when they were created, and they all require a leap of faith that atheists and science abiding individuals aren't willing to make. Joseph Smith, or the person who coined Judaism or Christianity all made a similar leap of faith, and it's not like those religions have clean hands either. There were wars over them, and I'm fairly certain most of them make enormous amounts of money off of their followers and tax free status.
1	I agree. It seems like the level of detail for the skin varies greatly from champion to champion.   The Mundo skin throws a trophy, which makes a different sound (visual + sound change)   The Shen skin (as you've mentioned) has a different sound for his AA, but not his Q.   The Ezreal skin has no change in terms of either visuals or sound. Personally I would love a red tint for ez's spells.   I haven't played the other 2 skins so I don't know what has/hasn't been changed.
1	I think I've used ignite/heal only one time in ranked (over 1k games) and that was with Fizz meeting a Zyra mid (before she got nerfed). Actually I ain't good with Fizz but somehow i still had 12/3/6 througout the game.
0	I'd like to offer a fairly straight forward explanation. See men are typically direct. We say "hey you, you I like" and expect some sort of reciprocation. If the girl says "I like you, but as a friend" and we find it worth it, we go on as friends.   Ladies are not always very direct, though sometimes they are. So a girl that says "I like you, but as a friend" could mean it several different ways such as:     I'm just wanting casual sex right now     I'm not sure I know you well enough to date right now     I'm getting over a bad emotional issue     I'm focused on school / work / etc.. at the moment and dont want to waste your time     I'm actually really in to you, but telling you that would weaken my perception of you and I want you to figure it out     I think you're attractive enough to be seen with in public but probably not enough to have sex with until... oh damn that girls prettier than me and she likes you so now I do too     I really don't like you that much and really don't want to be friends, more like casual acquaintances     I really want to be your friend, though I have zero sexual attraction to you       Knowing this, the male will take 1 of 3 roads; attempt to be friends and carry on with his life, pretend to be friends while secretly trying to still hookup, walk away and not care. Ironically the 3rd action and the 1st are  often the most successful as they both show not caring, something that modern ladies are attracted too for some god awful reason until around their late 20's / early 30's. The described lady in this scenario is narcissistic, knew the guy liked her at one point, and now wants that power back, not happy that another girl is getting more sexually motivated attention and therefore sabotages all efforts. As catty as women can be, for some reason if a girl poses as a good / best friend of a guy and says something shitty about him the other girl almost never informs the guy and almost always trust her over the guy.
1	So I strategized sub optional adc kit that helps with 2 scaling tanks. The only problem is that you need to pick a champ that needs yommus ghostblade. But what I've noticed is that there are two champions that do this best which are graves and lucian because they are lane bullies. So I get ie , ghostblade then vamp. The vamp is necessary for early team fight life steal. Then I get lw. If I feel like I need to shred in team fights I go bork. If I need to 1v1 tank in fights I go bt. Your boots is dependant on when to get at different situations. Now that tanks in meta i get qss to help be active in team fights. I have plenty of armor pen with sub optimal life steal. The reason why graves and lucian do well is because the landing phase lead you can get can quickly get you to that point.
1	I'm all for Quinn buffs, but I believe she doesn't need ult buffs really. The ult is situational and I feel pride when I use such a strange and unique ult correctly. I feel she really just needs to have a better time as a normal adc. ADCs with situational ults like Caitlyn and Lucian have it a lot easier in teamfights even though they, like Quinn, have ults that cant just be used at the start of a teamfight without thinking hard about what you are doing. Quinn is already punished without an ult if she wants the play the kiting adc role in a teamfight, I don't see why she has to have 525 range as well. I think that giving her 25 more auto attack range and 25 range on her E (to sync with her now increased auto attack range, as she will bounce back 550~ range instead of 525~) Though a seemingly small buff, I think it will go a ways to helping Quinn play as an actual adc when the need arises without being as gimped in comparison to other adcs.
1	I think people give Frost too much credit. Even though Frost is good and has good players(Madlife plz) there's too much competition. KT Bullets just beat Blaze(Who beat Frost 3-0 last season), SK Telecom has its own god with Faker, and then there's of course Ozone. After all the CJ teams still have that notoriously horrible record in semi-finals/3rd place matches/finals in OGN (0-12, not including matches played vs each other during winter 2012).
1	Oh and a drophack makes everyone in the game drop and the game cease to exist. Not just one person. So unless you REALLY THINK that somebody on the other team just saw your name and went, fuck this kid, and bought your IP data online so they could then DDOS you. It was something on your end.  (and if you were DDOS'd then everything having to do with your IP, so ANYTHING to do with your internet, should have also been down.)
1	Like I don't understand what makes it so hard for you all to see that the way this game is, it just promotes toxicity and its bound to happen. Everyone has different tolerance levels and you can't expect everyone to behave uniformly. Just because you can play 20 games and lose 15 and do fairly well every one of those games and then you que up and you have someone doing really obvious dumb shit that is going to cost you the game and you can swallow that up on and on doesn't meant everyone else can.   Because lets take a look at what we are investing and for what: We are all here in ranked to compete, to test our skills against others, to win games, get lp, and climb. That means that 2 9 Annie top with hextech revolver rush against a tryndamere completely screwed my team over. Of course, i can suck it up and move on to the next game but when it keeps happening and its not my fault that shit like this is going to cost me the game, it will frustrate me and i will tell you you suck and you need to go back to bronze. I don't think that warrants a chat restriction.   But anyway, the system is stupid, I am being solely evaluated on the outcome of the game. It really is frustrating trying my heart out outplaying everyone and carrying my team as Ori being 15 5 15 and then I go b to buy/heal and my team just fights a 4vs5 and pretty much spell the game for us.   I feel there is a breaking point for everyone and most people that pull the toxic card are just people who happen to be trash and get flamed by others because lets face it, if you are actually doing good/your job, you probably won't get flamed. I only flame people when they severely underperform and its just irritating that I have to play a 20 minute + game when all enemy lanes have several kills 7 mins in. Its really not fun to play against that because no matter how fed I get through outplaying my opponent in the mid lane, my team has already taken care to give opponents in other lanes enough advantages early on to snowball the game. Its just a waste of time, feels frustrating.
1	I am <1200, and I don't care about people seeing my ELO. I'm at where I deserve to be at ELO-wise and I won't move until I become a better player. I think that this would be a good implementation because it would allow people to feel better about not having a higher ELO, if they don't have the same confidence in themselves as me.
0	I asked a girl for her phone number when her program was being laid off from work. She had made it a point to talk to me every few trips to the restroom/water fountain (My desk is right next to the door to her work area and the door to the lobby area). We had conversations about Song of Ice and Fire, work, and life in general.   So she sought me out to tell me she was going on furlough. I asked if she had a phone number. Things changed instantly. She went "Yeeeeaaah, but, you may think I am weird, but, I don't know you. So please don't be offended that I won't give it to you."   It made me feel like I had somehow intruded upon her and that I was suddenly a creep. -.-'   So I would say, be very careful and take steps to find out from other people how she feels. Find out if she talks about you, make sure she's not ogling anyone other than you, etc. I don't care about the lost friendship - I feel like I dodged a bullet with her reaction. But I hate somehow feeling like I've done something wrong.
1	I'd just like to emphasize to lower elo support mains that you should  never  upgrade your original sightstone to ruby sightstone as your first major purchase.   Use that 800 extra gold to buy pinks, buy mobis, health/armor/mr/AP items depending on your support and absolutely (as the article suggests)  switch out your yellow trinket for a red one on the same back that you buy your sightstone.  Doing this and buying pinks absolutely assures that you will have some way to deny vision and make your jungler's ganks more effective.   I have seen supports make the mistake of rushing red sighstone several times recently in lower elo games and it will make a massive difference in your gameplay if you can combine what I recommend above and decent warding / heads-up decision making.
1	I'm not sure how many people will actually see this, but if at least one person reads it and takes it into consideration then that's enough for me.   You get quite a thick skin playing league, I mean being told to get aids because you don't play well is hardly pleasant, but you get over that because you realise how ridiculous the whole situation is. But reading through the comments on this thread have made me feel far worse. Being told with such conviction that I'm the follower of a brutal masogynistic religion is tough to swallow.   Let me start off by saying, I completely disagree with the way in which Iran has dealt with this, and I believe that the majority of Muslims would also disagree with this. Iran is not representative of all Muslims, heck having traveled to Iran on holiday, there government and laws are not representative of its own people. The majority of people secretly curse the supreme ayatollah khomenei and his rule in private, but they're too fearful to do so in public. Even though Iran is a brutal country as far as governance goes, females aren't forced to stay in there homes etc, from what I saw the majority of women worked, I met many different women, from doctors to engineers.   Clearly the Iranians have not read the same Quran that I have, the Quran that states that men and women are equal and that men and women are supposed to stand side by side, not one being higher or lower than the other.   I mean, when people come out with these crazy comments about Islam being an extreme and violent religion, do they really believe that 1.6 billion Muslims, a quarter of your fellow men women and children in the world are followers of a warlike and brutal religion? I mean let's think of the big muslim names out there.   Mohammed Ali, Cat Stevens, Malcolm X, Mike Tyson, Jermaine Jackson, Lupe Fiasco, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Akon and heck even that one kid from one direction, Zayn Malik, sure he may produce crap music but he's hardly a brutal misogynistic kind of guy.   I really think the league community is smarter than this, do you tar everyone with the same brush? It's extremely stupid, it's like blaming every European for the holocaust, or every Christian for the crusades and the anti Jewish pogroms, or every Atheist for the atrocities committed by Stalin and Mussolini,  or saying that every European league player plays anivia like froggen because "heck they're all the same" Are you getting my drift yet? Not every european, every christian, every atheist or heck every league player is the same, so why is it that every muslim is the same extremist sort?
0	The thing that kills me is that there have been no new arguments in the basic god/no god debate in hundreds of years. Literally. It's all been said! No new evidence, no new arguments, nothing. >  > So why argue the same tired argument?   Besides things where we have new knowledge (like input from science or mathematics), pretty much every argument about anything has been made before. Seriously, pick a topic and go trawling the internet. Count how many distinct arguments are made. Count the number of references to each of these distinct arguments. I guarantee that for the vast majority of non-scientific or mathematical topics (or topics with obvious, large-scale and recent advances related to science or maths), every argument will have been made thousands of times.   So should we stop having discussions entirely? Should we stop debating socialism because the socialists always say "We need to help people directly" and the capitalists always say "If we help the economy benefits will trickle down"? Should we stop debating methodologies in medicine because the medical professionals always say "You need evidence and clinical trials" and the alternative medicine practitioners always say "There are so many things in the world we don't understand, maybe this is one of them"?   Yes, it would be wonderful if we came up with new arguments all the time. But it's impossible for any remotely-popular topics. We have 7 billion people on this planet, a significant number of whom will be involved in debating those topics. We've had decades or centuries in which to do it. We have some people who debate them as part of their job. The only arguments left to make would have to be incredibly obscure to have been unnoticed this long.
0	Real feminists ARE vocal, and we do speak out. If someone chooses their own philosophy and we disagree, we dissociate ourselves from them. This is also true for men, who have that one guy chauvinist guy friend, yet have not punched him in the face or otherwise harshly chastised him for holding his views. You just make sure that people know his views are not also YOUR views.
0	It's even harder when they breakup with you and they say they still want to be friends. Things go well for awhile, but then the person you thought was your friend grows more distant and less willing to share things with you. What's worse is you're lied to when you know that something is wrong and it gets to where you're left out, excluded, and/or ignored.
0	I had a roommate in college who came to me and asked if I knew of Dick's Sporting Goods store, I said I knew of it but had never been. He then states "well their website isn't Dicks.com". The tone and look on his face had confirmed that this 18 year old had typed that into his computer and was completely shocked at what he saw.
0	people have been ignoring your order and deceiving you.   How fucked up is it that they can't be bothered to tell you how they  actually  cooked your meal after you've enjoyed it. If well done is that bad, and my order was ignored and made medium well, I'd like to fucking know so next time I know what to order and don't look like an asshole.
1	I don't have any objection to having people take kills I would be confident I could get at the time, so long as the team gets it I am fine with it. Having said this I always make sure to say 'Sorry for ks' If it is very obvious that I have done the killing blow on an enemy that a team mate would have got even if I wasn't there because they simply deserve the recognition that they put the effort in. Be that as it may about 2 days ago I was playing as Xerath in mid now as many other Xerath players will tell you he a lot of damage and a fair amount of utility with his range but he is not really a mage duelist unlike champions such as Ahri, Vladamir or Kennen (to name a few) In this game we had a jungle Hecarim who was nearing legendary and myself and him found ourselves in mid lane agaist 3-4 if I remember correctly we had great poke and slowly drained their health but my Hecarim was low himself so Each time one of them jumped him I did my combo and managed to fend them off to the point where it was time for me to clean up as he went to recall but when I tried to he just kept coming back with his E and dealing the killing blow to the point where I said to him 'come on man at least let me have one don't KS like that' he ignored me and recalled, this frustrated me because he was legendary and I was on about 5 kills or so and I felt like my hard work was just not being appreciated and in the lobby when I said (in a jokey way) 'Hecarim why did you ks so much?' and he replied 'stop cry kid its game' This really wound me up because you bust your ass to help your team and they thank you like that so yeah KS'ing can be frustrating at times.
0	One of my roomate's told me a similar thing. He said I needed a  "gamervention" n that all the gaming made me dumber, all this being said as he lounged on the couch smoking weed n watching tv... All day long. I just don't understand why people knock gaming when many other pastimes are much less intellectually stimulating.
0	SERIOUSLY.   I just went to the dentist today. The amount my gums bleed when being picked at has zero correlation with the amount of flossing I do (at a constant level of: when I feel stuff stuck in there, about once every couple months, and then only the one gap) and is entirely dependent upon the viciousness with which the hygienist wields that steel hook.   "Oh, you wouldn't bleed like this if you flossed more often." and "You must have been flossing; your gums are in good shape."  with the exact same level of non-effort from me. The obvious conclusion is that some hygienists are simply bad at cleaning teeth without damaging gums.
1	I think there are 2 main problems with MF and they aren't related to her scalings;     She has no hard escape. She is quite possibly the most fragile in that regard out of any other ADC. This is why Ashe is also not picked as often either. MF also isn't compensated for this by having a hypercarry status like Kog/Jinx/Sivir which makes picking her up useless.     Her ult, on a conceptual level, is flawed. ADCs need to be mobile throughout team fights and for her to ult basically says come get me. It can be easily interrupted as well anyway and tying back to point one, when someone does gap close to you, you're pretty fucked.
1	We also have to consider a few other things about Ryze (taking assumptions of course). Ryze usually tries to build mana items that are often very tanky (Archangels and Frozen Heart are usually very common). Picking up a banshee's veil will completely negate Talon's silence. If Talon does manage to get his silence off, he still has to burst down Ryze. Although it may seem fairly easy to do, Talon now only has 3 skills to use for his burst. If Talon misses his W (which is fairly common to do), he only has 2 skills to use. All of his skills scale off bonus AD. If Talon loses a few kills to Ryze early game, he'll have no damage output lategame. In most situations, here's what could happen:   Talon and his team initiate a fight with Ryze and his team. Since they are carries, they aren't in the front of the fight. If Talon reveals himself to damage the enemy team, Ryze can easily snare him and kill him quickly. If Talon waits until Ryze is in a bad position, he both loses potential damage in that teamfight and could potentially die. If Ryze has a banshee's veil, Talon also has to wait until it gets popped before he can land his silence. Silences don't last forever, and with the usual amount of health and armor in Ryze's kit (lets assume: Banshee's Veil, Archangels Staff, Frozen Heart, Sorc Shoes, Rod of Ages, and Haunting Guise/Rabadon's Deathcap), the silence will end a good amount of time before Talon can fully kill him. At  this point, the ADC will probably be helping Ryze and Talon as well, but let's ignore them for this scenario. After the silence ends, Ryze uses his Rune Prison, followed by his ultimate, his Q and his W (note, because of his passive, he can also use his Q again during the rotation). With decent spell Vampirism and bonus ability power, Ryze has healed up an average portion of the damage taken, as well as dealt plenty of damage to talon. If Talon uses his ultimate to escape Ryze, he will lose that portion of burst in his kit.
1	Dude has 1 bad game out of a career of steady games and you want to replace him?   You realize he has been one of the most consistent junglers for basically ever right?   As the announcers even said during the game Oddone likely expected his team to keep focusing on the Dragon, they didnt and left him high and dry. The break down in communication and focus is what cost the team dragon. You cant lay all the blame at the junglers feet, and you cant call for "Competition"= his job after 1 bad game.   Lets see how Oddone performs for a few weeks before we decide he need to be tested for his position.
1	She was doing too much damage with absolutely 0 risk. At rank 3 of ultimate if she hit all five players she would gain 1500 shield that's absurd. But it's much more common to be hitting 4/5 players which will still grant her a 1200 shield for 6 seconds. To put this is perspective Shen's Ult at level 3 grants 850 (+135%) AP, eve only needs to hit three people to get the same shield amount as shen's ult.   Anyways during these 6 seconds the other team would have to either dump everything on to eve which would often leave she extremely low but not dead or, they could back the fuck up which would let eve have her way with them because your whole team would be slow as shit, or you could ignore her and again let eve have her way with your team. There was absolutely 0 counter play to her ultimate unless you're playing a champion like kayle, fizz or vlad who can just avoid the ult entirely. It's basically the tryndamere conundrum at the low levels of the game.   If tryn ults attacking him is useless because I'm wasting my time attacking something that won't die. But if I don't attack him he will lifesteal back to full, heal and proceed to rape face.   The same logical process can be applied to Eve. If you attack her you're essentially wasting your time hitting a shield (Unless you can destroy the shield in 2 AA or 2 Spells) but if you don't hit her shield she'll just spam Q everywhere and drop your team like flies.   Which brings me to way they nerfed Q. Because her passive mana regen was ridiculous. The previous Q they had before was overpowered. Where she could just spam Q all day and drop into stealth if she needed to regen some mana without going b.   And W is broken as hell. Cleanse Slows, Bonus MS, refresh on kill and assist. That would be fine and all... you know ... if it actually had a mana cost.   All in all, you can still use her ultimate to gain that 1500 shield and nuke 15% of the enemies current HP making it an extremely reliable initiate, rather than an execute but now she won't be as strong since she'll be more prone to be running out of mana by spamming Q and E.
1	Hi mate. I might be the one for you. I just need an lvl 30 account on NA server... Im currently Gold 3 adc on EUW. Lolking:  Give me lucian ;D
1	K/D/A shouldn't factor into your LP/Division/Tier/MMR, because kills don't win games. Neither should CS, since some roles will almost definitely get less because of their role (Support and Jungler).   The ranking system is also not an observation of individual skill; it's an observation of performance in a team game.   Highly skilled players are also very rarely held down by their teammates.  Here's  low ELO game. He does very well in his lane, makes an effort to help other lanes, and his team comes out with a commanding victory. If you  can  carry, then you  will  carry.   While it certainly is true that people can be carried to higher divisions or tiers than they may have been capable of reaching otherwise, there winds up being a similar result to someone cheating on their homework. Sure, a friend could do your homework for you, but you'll be shit outta luck when the test comes along. One of my friends duo-Q'd all of his placement matches and was placed in Silver 3. He dropped very quickly to Silver 5 and has been stuck at under 50 Lp for quite some time, since he probably isn't Silver material.
0	Are you guys actual boxing fans, or are you just talking shit about boxing because of what you saw yesterday? The fight that happened yesterday was a very poor representation of the sport. Mayweather is the best there is, and I didn't even watch the fight because I knew he'd win. Was he boring? Yes. I could've told you that. He's an incredibly boring fighter, just watch one of his 39 other fights and you can see that. Everyone on Reddit heard about the fight, expected to see Mike Tyson, and got Floyd "Boring" Mayweather. The fact that everyone is talking about how boring the fight was shows that this was your guy's first fight. The number of times I saw Mayweather compared to Tyson was cringe worthy! He is nothing like Mike Tyson! But that didn't stop everyone from drawing comparisons. I like that the fight was hyped, I like that it finally happened, but I knew Floyd would win, so I didn't watch it. I've seen his other 39 fights, and I know how each one ends and each one goes down. If you're lucky, you'll see someone beat the snot out of him and see him get shaken (see second round of Mayweather vs Mosley), but aside from that that's about it. No first round knockouts, no insane dodges, just careful, precise fighting.
0	Luckily, am able to be open minded on it enough that i would would even consider it as a tool in the bedroom. SO doesnt seem interested in that and im 100% okay with that too. We are fortunate enough to have a wonderful sex life.   Now, i have been in a relationship with a very poor sex life for various reasons. I MORE than welcomed it if my partner would like to masturbate with use of porn. Id even hope or praise it silently. Nowadays, i would only consider it a tool but NOT to be relied on of course; a healthy sex life is a significant part of a romantically involved relationship.   If my partner needs something and im not in the mood, i dont want to always leave him high and dry. If i am able to (i say able because, for me at least, its important to first be at least in a mental mood even if not in a physical mood to have sexual conduct) i will do what i can to help him out. Whether it be oral, a hand job, be a personal visual stimulus, or PIV sex.   But, sometimes im not in that mental mood and doing something i dont want to do for my loved one can severely put a bad emotional feeling towards sex in general. I've been there with that and it feels like consenting to rape. It then spirals making sex with that person bring up those feelings again and again. DO NOT do this. Not only will it adversely effect your entire relationship but at the end you both are more unhappy than you would have been with out doing anything. In times like this, be honest and open. This is a great time to utilize porn.   Luckily, much of the time when this lack of mental mood occurs, my partner is understanding. He will not push, whine or complain about it. He doesn't get in that shitty grumpy mood punishing you for not forcing your self to perform an act that you do not wish to engage in. If you or your partner does this, you should really stop and talk about it. The personal things I've went through with this was terrible and i wish it on no one. You can PM me if you'd like if you need more info or support on it. I hope this might have been helpful for some one. I do apologize if its not completely clear. I typed it up on my phone.
1	Rekkles trying to get Tabbz's ALL spot for a long time, Rekkles losing to ALL in the finals and then leaving Fnatic to join the rivals they just lost against, immediately making a shit ton of roster changes onces things aren't going your way. Bringing in Kev1n is the most retarded roster change I've ever seen in league. Krepo being salty. Wickd being a terrible player with a horrible champion pool.
0	Gym rat here. That's a good guy there for sure OP. You always encourage. Always. People there to improve themselves are probably already feeling shitty and intimidated. One thing to do is gently encourage them off the Nautilus machines and into the free weight section. (Nothing wrong with the Nautilus, just a personal preference. You don't need to communicate as much on the Nautilus with other people. Getting them to the free weights helps them get to know other people and join the team.) Most are hesitant. I back off if they are adamant about not doing it. Not trying to freak them out. But a lot of times I can get them to join us in the free weight section and that's where the team building can really take off. Keep telling them it doesn't matter how much they lift. You give them a spot and start getting them feeling like they belong there. Part of the team. You say stuff like: "YOU'RE DOING GREAT! AHHH! PUMP IT! ONE MORE! C'MON! ONE MORE!" Wait...wait...hold on. Just needed to read that back to myself for a sec. Nope. That's all good.
1	She had a rework several patches ago which was essentially a huge buff.   They increased the missile speed on her Boomerang, which still hits like a truck.   They reworked her Ricochet to be a on hit ability, which means it resets her AA timer, which is HUUUUUGE for an AD, especially early game before people get AS items.   Her Spell Shield is simply good, when timed right it means you will win any exchange and get mana out of it to boot.   Her ult now triggers on anyone who steps into the AOE, before it would only affect those near you at the time of the cast. Now your team can join you and get powerful when they show up, allowing you to bait more effectively.   Her passive, before being dodge when she AA's, is now MS when she AA's which when combined with her ult or a red buff gives her amazing kiting power.   She is mobile, scales extremely well with AD and has a shield that prevents her from being bursted down. I've been playing Soraka with a friend on Sivir quite a bit recently and the ability to bully your lane is simply amazing with the sustain of Soraka.
0	I see it's been answered, but what I don't see is that the end of this tube is a string, that hangs out the end of your dick. Even the slightest of breezes is really uncomfortable.   When you're all healed, you tug on that fucker to get the stent out. In most cases you don't need a urologist to do it, and it can be done yourself. Pulling it out really isn't bad once it gets moving, but building up the balls to tug on a string hanging out of your dick is certainly unnerving (it took me an hour to suck it up and do it). Then you get to experience random bouts of renal colic for a few days after it comes out. It's a lovely experience let me tell you.
1	Honestly, I really think SR is in a very good place right now.   If you look at the history of DotA, for a while there, every professional match was an 80 minute+ rice fest because it was the safest way to play. You could turtle forever until your hard carry had 6 divine rapiers and enough gold to buy back 10 times straight. A bunch of changes happened (buyback cooldowns, etc.), and now midgame pressure and timing is a lot more important than pure carrying power. Carries like Trax (becomes insanely strong at level 16, then scales off after that) and Lycan (strongest at ~minute 20) dominate the meta, and characters like Dusa (who needs 3-4 items before she's even a threat) are no longer played because the game is likely over by the time she has those items. It made the game for the better.   While shortening the game did a lot for DotA, I don't think Icefrog could play with the idea of shortening games even more. Shortening games to the 20-30 minute mark, I believe (and this all my opinion), would reduce the level of complexity of the game, and I think that's bad. Part of the fun of this style of game is the complexity, opening up multiple strategy paths to achieve victory. Could the game be fun if it was simple? I think so. Would it be more fun? I wouldn't want to play it.   Right now, the average professional LoL game is between 30-40 minutes. I don't think you can reduce that time very much without removing a lot of the depth of professional play. While 60 minute farm fests aren't fun, I feel that the current game length is at a pretty good place, and I just don't feel games can get any shorter without impacting depth and strategy.
1	Mind explaining this graph? The way I am interpreting it is the global gold difference between the teams versus time, which if that is the case, is frankly not correct. At 31:35 the gold difference between the teams is CLG 42.4K and CST 47K, which brings us to a difference of 4.5k gold, which your graph shows as a difference of just under 10k gold.   So either your graph is wrong, or I am misinterpreting it.   Final Edit, I just realized your graph is CST vs CLG and I was looking at the stats for Vulcan vs CLG. I'm going to bed, ignore what I said.
1	Dissatisfaction and anger are two very different concepts in the face of server downtime for a free game such as LoL. You can and should tell Riot that you were dissatisfied with their downtime, even though they already know it because they have at least one human employee, who has feelings and stuff. (ALTHOUGH, you shouldn't spam support tickets just to say "u guise suk").   But on the other hand, accusing the company of not doing a proper job and extorting compensation (completely unjustified compensation I might add) and threatening to "switch to DotA 2 trololol" is NEVER the way to go if you enjoy the game.   Think of it like this : you love your mother, she loves you, she makes you a sandwich everyday when you come home from school/uni/work, one day she forgets. You can tell her you feel sad about her forgetting because you liked the attention, but you wouldn't say "YOU BETTER MAKE TWO TOMORROW OR I'M LEAVING".   Edit :
1	Stop crying, he said he stopped playing. If anything he did more then most people. But I guess you can be a dick since you're a saint.
0	I lived in Washington D.C. and I went to the KFC in N.W. (near Howard University) I was with two white guys and a Greek kid. One of my friends asked the Greek kid about the $5 he owed him and Niko responded, "I don't owe you S, (N Word)" Everyone stopped, looked at us... the silence was deafening. Some guy chuckled and everyone went about their business. I've never felt so awkward & relieved at the same time.
1	It's the mindset. You state you've gotten to Bronze 1 before, meaning you can do it again. The common misconception with bronze level players is that everything is everyone else's fault. (Strengthened by your claim of the bot lane feeding. Did you do EVERYTHING within your power to get them back into the game? Doubt it.)   all in all, remember, than you can't directly influence other people's decisions, but you directly influence your own.
0	For students it can be very handy when the teachers use these "obvious numbers."  This means that once you solve it using the proper methods you have a very easy checking method.  This can help you to find out that you made a stupid mistake (1 + 1 = 1) or perhaps that you dropped a negative sign, and then there's the possibility that you did the method incorrectly.  This gives you the chance to go bakc and find your mistake before the teacher's red ink comes out.
1	I'd always get Bloodthirster, Last Whisper and Infinity Edge on her. Those are absolute must on her. Then there's always the option of either Statikk Shiv or Phantom Dancer, either of them you must have, but I don't know which one is better during what scenario.  Boots are a must as well, and that's pretty much Berserker's Greaves that you should get then. I've also seen some people get Zephyr instead of boots. How viable that would be on Sivir I can't tell. Then generally you get a defensive item, in most cases Guardian Angel and in some cases Mercurial Scimitar. GA against heavy assassination teams and MS against heavy CC teams.
0	Your standards are realistic. Its better to go after people that are within your league and have a lot in common with you than to put in a ton of effort to get a trophy girl.   Not saying there's anything wrong with going after people who are really attractive, but you're both more likely to be happy if you're in the same league.   The reason is simple. Two people are dating - one is attractive and the other is average.   First imagine you're the average one. Fuck yeah, you won. You got the girl with the sweet face and the bangin' body... Now you get to try your hardest not to get insecure and territorial when you see attractive guys hit on her. You get to show her off to your friends, but you also have to deal with  her  friends and family giving you funny looks. You might be a happy, confident person, but sometimes looking at pictures of the two of you next to eachother gives you a twinge of insecurity meshed in with the feelings of pride and accomplishment. After time, you may come to harbor feelings of insecurity and suspicions that she may be cheating, even though you have no evidence. And you may find her withdrawing or pressuring you to improve your appearance after a time.   Now imagine you're the attractive one. You like the person you're with. He has a great personality and other compensating features, he just isn't the most handsome fellow around. After introducing him to friends and family, they tend to say things like  "Really? That's him? Honey, you could do so much better..."  You tell them to fuck off and you ignore them. Hot guys hit on you all the time and don't take you seriously when you point out your boyfriend and say "That's him." and often aren't deterred. After a while, you might start noticing his flaws more and you might start pressuring him to work on his appearance or feeling yourself becoming less attracted to him.   Don't get me wrong, it can work, but both parties have to be really emotionally mature and committed.
1	Thing is buffing all ADC's will just never be possible. I mean look at Caitlyn. Now THATS a perfectly designed ADC. She has her strong points and her weak points. She has always been a dominant pick you might say. But there was a bunch of points in the game where other ADC's would crush her. The era of Vayne, Tri force domination, Twitch uprising, Blue Ezreal etc. However after that Caitlyn constantly emerged as a good pick. Now imagine that we just buff ALL the ADC's to Lucians level. How the hell are you going to do that??? Buff some AD items? Are those going to be items that don't help Lucian? What about Ez and Corki (Urgot?) then? Give PD a buff? Well Cait and Jinx are still the gods then. Give all ADC a stats/abilities buff? Still very hard to do and will make a clusterfuck of a patch, because there are changes to 17 champions atleast! And after that, what will happen is that someone like Cait will just become fotm, get picked in LCS constantly -> Same thing. And then guess what? Yeah sure all "Marksmen" got a buff or a nudge in some magical way that is somehow balancable it will either cause us all to roll down into S2 meta that only marksman mains want or will not do aything usefull and the problem will stay the same with one ADC beeing the "God" and the meta crushing the others.
1	Can you say, in an intellectually honest manner, that the only meaningful difference between TSM's wins and losses was their toplane choice?  And that the games they lost with Renekton and Yorick were truly the result of those picks and that the wins with Jayce and Shen were truly the result of those picks?   I don't know your numbers background, but I hope you have more than Stats 101 under your belt.  This is incredibly preposterous to attribute the differences to top lane without analysis of the other lanes.
1	Anyone else feels mystery gifting may have be the solution to retired skins?   It's depressing to see those very rare skins and know you can't ever have them. But on the other hand, that's what make them so mystical and interesting.   If you use the concept of mystery gifting but make it so you can use it for yourself as well, you make it possible to obtain the rare skins without making them common.   It's like collecting pokemon cards. Everybody wanted charizard first edition. Nobody would want to be unable to never obtain it and be aware of that fact. BUT nobody wanted to be handed the most valuable card if it implied everybody else would have it too. It was all about the treasury hunt! It would make buying skin so much more exciting!
1	Im a diamond 5 Irelia main player and heres my opinion on it. Thing is, unless they increase the speed of stacking tear I dont think it will affect irelias power spikes which would be the main concern. This item will make her a great bruiser lategame but I dont see irelias rushing this item as a first item. Her power spikes come mid game and midgame unless your really fed you typically have a tri force + boots and maybe  a giants belt/bilgewater cutlass.   I only see this item as a positive way to buff irelias lategame where she acctually falls off, but if having to be forced to stack a tear with irelia early game to get the lategame power, I dont see it being very viable without increasing the speed of stacking it. You will be falling off early game to build a lategame item on a champ that power spikes mid game. If you get what im saying.   Damagewise I dont know how this affect her, we will have to see, but having that much true damage can make irelia really strong, but the problem of stacking the tear in time for midgame power spikes is going to be an issue.
1	Even if Wickd did what you a "correct build" it wouldn't change a thing. The three games they have lost was because of 3 things. 1- Drafting- They have been outpicked every single game until now. In game one against CW they got oupicked by CW's Kayle pick, and in the last game against SHC they gave away Mundo and Lucian AKA Mimer and MrRallez default picks. 2- Rotations- Every team they have played up against has had better map rotations than theirs. Seems like they are a little lost at times, might be because of lack of concise shotcalling, idk. 3- Contesting Objectives- This problem comes from number 2 really. They seem to almost never want to contest objectives and especially dragon. Often you saw the enemy team grouping for drake and they just kept themselves on the lane farming.   Keep in mind these are all errors that a new team would make. All the Alliance players have the mechanical skill and correct mindset to dominate Europe imo, but they need train hard and a little orientation from an analyst.
1	Peeling is actually extremely important when your ad is the primary target of the enemy team. Lets say the enemy team has some dive heavy front line (e.g jax and rengar)... they're going to be able to lock your carry down and do full damage if they're left alone (unless your ad is a god).   What you need to do to give yourself the upper hand when this happens is use your champions with the most utility to peel for that ad carry. If you had cho'gath and taric on your team, and your top laner was something dive heavy like olaf or jarvan, your cho and taric can peel a lot with rupture/silence/dazzle, and taric can also heal you. Not to mention the amount of damage cho and taric do is actually pretty good, which can be enough when played right to save your ad while simultaneously killing their front line, leaving YOUR frontline (AP/Top laner) to go ham on their backline.   The thing is, peeling for your ad isn't always the best option, if your mid is getting focused down because they're fed or a huge threat to the enemy team, your ad should be able to kite around 1 person while your team helps your mid, and if there's no one hitting your ad, obviously they don't need peeling and you can help elsewhere while your ad has free reign to shred everything.
0	Depends on material and dyes used in the clothing. All My stuff is preshrunk and cottony. Which means undergarments and towels in one load. Everything else in the other. However if you have things like satin bras, lacey panties anything that would be washed on the delicate setting, it will probably either a) be damaged or b) pick up colors from other things if washed on a heavier cycle.
1	Not a "new meta" by any means but a silly thing I did with friends last night that ended up working out:   So a premade game with 4, and one pickup player.  Pickup wanted mid, but so did one of ours.  They couldn't compromise so somehow we ended up with 2 mid, 2 bot, and me as jungle.   Our 2 mids, [nid and lux] end up putting the hurt on the enemy so bad that the guy with a free farm top ends up having to come down and help his buddy out for a while every now and again.   Bot lane is going as it does, ebbing and flowing back and forth and generally being uneventful.  Enemy top is back in his lane and decides "hey, I'm alone up here I can take this tower" which ends up being a terrible move as I proceed to gank him 2 or 3 times before he gets the message.   Eventually our bottom tower gets taken and teamfight phase begins.  At this point things more or less return to "normal" and the game goes on as would be expected. We're down kills, but have maintained dragon control and are catching up on objectives.  Somehow, our top tower is still standing after both teams' bottom and mid towers have been taken.   A couple good teamfights and a baron later, and we're taking inhibs and the game is over soon after.   Definitely unconventional, but it somehow worked out for the best.
1	im the only one who scroll down to
0	when i walked in my bedroom home early from work. one black guy had a fist in her cunt, the other had his dick shoved so far down her throat that I saw it in her throat.   That's when I was like, this probably isn't going to work.
1	Dignitas picked Karthus as a counter to Morgana.  Most people know that Karthus is one of the best counter to Morgana because Morgana is incapable of denying Karthus from free farming. Hyper carry getting free farm all game long is game winning.
0	I actually didn't go to the hospital. My mother was a nurse and has had some of those cases before.  She said I puked everywhere, couldn't stand up she had to tow me into my bed (It took her 1hour), palpitation, my whole body was shaking and in the end I just fainted and kept puking so I almost suffocated on my puke. The next morning my mother gave me cold tea with sugar for my metabolism, one at 6am and one at 7am. I was shaking so hard that I couldn't hold the tea so she poured it into my mouth.   She woke me up at 10am and I didn't remember anything. Not even the 2 teas at 6am and 7am.
1	I'll try your setup, but give mine a shot as well. It's fairly quick and most importantly highly sustainable. My only regret is the lack of magic pen (masteries aside) for the early game ganks.   I don't understand your
1	I recently picked up Support for when I hit 30 and start queuing in a team with 4 friends and they needed a support. Figured out I absolutely LOVE the role and have been playing tons of Leona because of that. i guess the aspects of it i enjoy most are the fact that i can help out teammates by peeling for them and such, initiate fights if i'm playing a tanky supp and the thrill of a lane with two players in them who need to synergize and communicate well as a mechanic apart from knowing your damage output , cds, having good mechs and all that.
1	this is why i think they should implement a "reset ranked" option. i know that this feature alone will not eliminate the problem, because everyone will just reset their ranked stats over and over and "elo hell" will be in the placement matches, but if you limit the amount of resets similar to the amount of rerolls in aram you could control that.   what i mean by that:   imagine (i know this example is far stretched for about 105% of the lol community ;) ) you are in bronze league. not bronze 5 but lets say bronze 3. you manage to pull yourself to bronze one, because you have the potential to be in silver, but in your promotion series you get a team of trolls and hit a downwards spiral and end up in bronze 4. you carry yourself back to bronze 2, but after all those games the system thinks you are in the elo you deserve. it gets harder and harder to pull yourself back into bronze one and even harder to leave bronze. (the same is obviously true for all other leagues too).   now imagine, after that downward spiral back to bronze 4 you could reset your stats and start in placement. perhaps you have improved enough in the time trying to be placed in silver, perhaps you start back in bronze 3 and have to try and climb again.   i know a lot of ppl will rage about this and downvote because they think this would be the easy way out, but i don't think it is. i think it is just a way for people that think they improved enough to be placed in another league to try it.   also i think you should limit the tries to one try per 50? ranked games? that way you cannot just play placement until you get into the league you want by "accident".   i would really like to hear your oppinion on this. but please, if you want to share your thoughts on this topic, please do so without flaming etc.   for everyone who is interested: i am currently bronze 3, and the example i used actually happened to me. i do NOT write this idea because i want an easy way out but because i saw a similar feature in starcraft and really liked the idea.
0	I've done everything from running a printing press, to law enforcement, to working as an engineer at a TV station, to heavy manual labor. I'm 60, and five years ago I was on a roof in 100+ degree weather shingleing (brutal). I couldn't believe it when my 34 year old son (no degree) quit his 9 to 5 office gig two years ago because "it was too hard". He hasn't worked since.  I've broken bones on the job, and came back the next day to do a full shift. Try working in a sweat shop factory for a few weeks (welding fumes everywhere, seriously dangerous equipment, Troglodyte co-workers and supervisors) and then fail to realize that working in an air-conditioned space on a computer isn't "too hard".
1	It's not anything that's affected anyone else, that I am certain of. Also I'm on a Mac and I've already; reinstalled my OS, fixed permissions 3 times, restarted my computer 30+ times, reinstalled League 7 or so times, repaired league 3 times, talked to my ISP 4 times, changed my router configuration drastically, tried logging in with and without my firewall on, rebooted my network twice, submitted every single log and traceroute I can possible send to my agent, run every test and tried every fix that Riot support suggested multiple times (about 20 different troubleshooting tips), I've tried fixes that people on the forums suggested for somewhat similar issues. I've tried using a VPN, I've tried using a completely different network, I've called Apple numerous times, I've basically done everything humanly possible to fix my issue. The only thing that I can be certain of after these 2 months is that it is a problem with the Mac itself and the way it connects with Maestro, it can't be a network error because as I said I tried it not only on a VPN, but I also hauled my 21.5 inch iMac over to my friend's house and tried it on his network. Oh and to top it off my old crappy Windows XP Lenovo Thinkpad can connect and I can actually play League on that, but it's so slow and laggy that it's not even worth turning on the computer.
0	I'm 23, have H-roids so naturally bleed a lot of the times i poop, don't shit everyday(whole life its been once every 3 days) and I don't eat great+lot of alcohol. A lot of that stuff is linked to bowel cancer but is something else. Too scared to get my butt checked but have had blood drawn in the last 3 weeks for just yearly blood work. Nothing came back but I'm still scared.
1	Both champs are bruisers, and Fiora has the better bruise. It looks like you may have gone against some bad fioras, because she can bruise you and get out, using riposte to shut you out. Riven isn't fast enough to go in an out on a Fiora. Beating a Fiora as riven doesn't even make sense unless you outmatch the user.
1	I'm only STILL a TSM fan because of Dyrus. When he leaves I might stop caring about TSM, but Bjerg is growing on me. I know a lot of people feel the same way. Baylife for life!
1	Sounds like the issue I have with Rammus, I've honestly never beat one.   When someone picks Nasus, I pick Riven.   "BUT HELL JUST OUT SCALE YOU"   No.  You do significantly more damage than him for the vast majority of the game.  He builds armor?  You go brut / LW early.  If he has TP, go Hydra and just push like a bitch.   Riven naturally counters his W, and has high kill potential, or at the very least, extreme zoning potential, on him at least until level 9.   Generally, the Nasus will go Gauntlet first, get a brutalizer, and see how youre doing on damage, if you need more, or hes getting tabi / cloths etc, rush a LW.   If he ALSO doesn't have TP, get a BT and just POUND on him.   Nasus Q hurts a lot, but it's fairly predictable with it's animation etc.
1	Riot doesn't care about Dominion because there aren't enough players.   There aren't enough players because if Riot doesn't take the gamemode seriously, how can the players? there has been literally zero support for a long time, up until the map-specific balancing that is, which still did not accomplish much (Except for the Kassadin nerfs, this guy was literally the King of Dominion for a while, then again, people whined a LOT and Riot took their sweet time, as usual)   Anyway, if there is no support from the company itself that made the gamemode, there won't be any spotlight ->  people don't take the mode seriously -> very little new players (It's a vicious cycle...) which is a real shame because if people took the time to properly research the gamemode, they'd figure out that there is a LOT more to be had here than just the clusterfuck low elo shit you see at entry level (Which happens just as much in SR and TT, it's just less common in SR nowadays because of the plethora of streams and map-exposure available) and that there is definitely potential for E-Sports.   The main point here is that the Dominion community isn't asking for much, we just want a definite answer regarding the state and future of Dominion, being left in the dark for so long SUCKS.
0	Because reddit is mostly made up of white people, and skews towards the young. Fewer young people are actively racist than other age groups, and older white racists tend to be quiet about it unless they're delusional and don't realize they're racist.   As a result, there are openly racist non-white people and quietly racist white people. Younger people who haven't lived through worse times are less likely to understand the impact that racism still has on the lives of non-whites.   Meanwhile, black people being racist against white people has negligible real life consequences. The vast majority of businesses, apartments, etc, are owned by white people, and discrimination by black people against white people has minimal impact. The vast majority of police officers are white, with the implications there regarding profiling.
0	Oh, there's no doubt in my mind it's biological. I don't think it's genetic, but rather impacted by environments during prenatal development. See, males and females have different hormones released during development. Males require androgens that get converted into estradiol (yes, an estrogen) while females don't need hormones as a human's "default sex" is female. Well, there is something known as the fraternal birth order that showed the more male children a female has given birth to, the more likely the subsequent male will be homosexual. It's not really well understood why this is, but we know it happens. It's thought that maternal antibodies try to breakdown the testicular testosterone produced by the baby. The more male children she's had, the better her immune system is at getting rid of it.   Homosexual males also show morphological differences from heterosexual males. An area of the brain called the 3rd Interstitial Nucleus of the Anterior Hypothalamus (INAH-3) is similar sizes in hetero women and homosexual men, both of which is smaller than heterosexual males. This area is part of the Sexually Dimorphic Nucleus (different between sexes) and has been implicated in partner preference. Another area of the brain, the Suprachiasmic Nucleus (SCN), is twice as large in homosexual males than heterosexual males, which is larger than a female SCN. It is unclear how this area of the brain impacts behavior. Homosexual males also have higher levels of circulating androgens as an adult and larger penises (on average) than heterosexual males.
0	Feel the need to clear a few things up here. The most conclusive test is via amniocentesis, where you can actually check for chromosome abnormalities. I would think that if an ultrasound suggests Down Syndrome, parents would absolutely elect to do an amniocentesis. I am guessing that these redditors' parents/friends did NOT get amniocentesis, which is a test that is 99% accurate. The 1% inaccuracy? Most likely due to lab testing error and highly unlikely to be paired with ultrasound scans that suggest Down Syndrome. If your parents/friends got an amniocentesis, confirmed Down Syndrome, and had a healthy baby? The lab is in deep shit because they most likely screwed up.
1	It's both, though. And in the end it's about the service provided. Given the fact that Riot "could" solve this problem themselves, while I appreciate your accurate and helpful information in the thread, it's not really practical to say "yup, the infrastructure is bad".   For example -- if this is a problem, where are the NA-East servers?   The problem with EU-W is also  mostly  about ISP to ISP relationships. They've fixed the lingering infrastructure issues on their end. But if the problem is European internet connectivity going into bad German ISPs, why do they have the servers located where they are located? Why do they have a server ~30% larger than NA, in a region with a weaker backbone?   Why are they still charging RP for EU-W to EU-NE server transfers?   Those 'in the known' about network technology know that Riot are in a tough spot as far as internet connectivity goes. Those even further in the know, who know specifically what Riot are doing to work with ISPs, know how fucking  phenomenal  the work they're doing to set things up for the future is. It's truly groundbreaking as far as the work a game developer is going to get a stable service.   But in the end, it's still providing a weakened service to end users. Amazon, Google, eBay, imgur...plenty of online companies have more users consuming more bandwidth than Riot, yet survive without the downtimes. The question could be what Riot can do  differently  to be more like Google (and I understand that gaming is ping sensitive whereas just sending data isn't).   For example, Dota 2 uses a 'master server' for friends, game invites, etc. Then there are regional game servers that host the actual gameplay. Why don't Riot consider this sort of set up going forward? If your problem is pigeonholing ~2m users into the same data center for login queues, chat, store functionality, matchmaking, gameplay, etc, why not split that functionality up further the way Valve do with Dota 2?   In the end, I think that's the big problem. You have a mix of people who are truly clueless and only know that their service is being interrupted, and you have people who know a lot about the specific details but then say "it's a complicated job and there's nothing they can do".   The same way reddit are having downtime issues then said, "you know what, we really need more money to solve this problem" and then we've seen reddit gold purchases explode this week, why can't Riot say "this is actually a great idea. We're introducing a special line of RP content for people who help us fund a fundamental change in the way we manage our network/server in S4, help us help you get this taken care of!"   The root cause of connectivity problems are that Riot are an incredible community-focused company, but for some strange reason, the general public doesn't get honest information about why the servers are down, what needs to be done, how we can help Riot, etc. The guy I met at Riot who is a damn genius working from 8AM to 3AM whenever there's a LAN tournament, to ensure everything goes smoothly? I can't even find his name online, no forum posts, nothing. As far as the public is concerned, server status / health is a black hole. They even delete tweets and forum posts about why servers were down after they've come back up.
1	Ok, so i dont think you understand what OP is. When a champion is overpowered it doesnt mean it is easy to win with it, it means it is stronger than other champions IF YOU CAN PLAY IT GOOD. Ahri is obviously stronger than most mid laners, Azir, Jarvan etc. Even if Azir gets to a point where he has %20 winrate it doesnt mean he is less strong, it just means people cant play it. It means Azir has a high skill cap, it is easy as fuck to play a Nasus so if Nasus was as strong as Azir he would have much more win rate   Champion power =/ win rate. You need to consider champion power + skill cap of that champion + in which tier of soloq its picked + in which team comp that champion is picked. When you pick nidalee jungle in bronze 5 it is natural you will lose to a Wukong at jungle, because you will play it so bad and Wukong is so easy to play naturally he will look more skilled and he will have more impact.
0	Lol where I work this passed Monday we had 1 cook scheduled and no shift lead/managers scheduled for our opening shift. I ended up getting called in and having to work the entire line by myself (generally 2 cooks work the line on a day shift) then had to also close the store that night. The one cook that was scheduled ended up being shift lead.
1	Sort of this. I tried getting my friend into the game. he immediately took a liking to ashe but he had to have the worst map awareness of anyone in the history of LoL, HoN, DoTA and any other MOBA games that ever existed. So i tried to force him to buy 2 wards for mid lane to make him safe and tried to show him how he should only be last hitting etc. Didn't work. He threw a fit and stopped playing because all that stuff was gay according to him. A month later, he was doing all those things i told him to do on his own because he got sick of getting ganked all the time.
1	Since no one talking about Ryze let me throw my two cents here as someone who has played quite a bit of Ryze for 3 seasons   First I don't think he will be that great since his laning phase is pretty bad now, he HEAVILY relied on consistent q poke to do much in lane. Also I don't see why the q and w damage was lowered(q mana ratio down by 4.5% at level 1!!) when q is already becoming a skill shot and w wasn't much of a huge damage threat til late. I do like the e changes but I don't see his new passive being good enough to really merit the fact that his main damage is no longer guaranteed damage. I predict people will still go tear>roa>archangels>FH/Righteous but I think e max will take over q max and you will just try to clear waves while trying not to die early game. Late game you will be better with the new kit but I don't think your gonna get there that much. Also the cdr moving from the q to the r doesn't matter too much since FH is too good to not build so the 30% doesn't matter, all I see it doing is moving your power spike to level 11
1	Honestly, as much as we all hate this, it doesn't affect us in the long run.  Its not like every single game has one such player.  If it makes yourself feel better, tell yourself that the boosted player has just paid a #$&*(ton of money for nothing, and laugh as you see him in a game one week later at the exact same elo and 100 dollars poorer.  It may seem frustrating, but at the end of the day, even if you lose twenty straight games due to team consisting of yourself, a troll, two afks, and an elo boosted account, you should be able to get back to your elo.  If you can't get back within twenty to thirty games (which, Ill be honest, takes me less than three days.GG HW), then you belong there.  It really doesn't affect you.  As for the higher elo person, there isn't much you can do.  Those are mostly the kind of people who would just make smurfs if they didn't have any "clients."  They enjoy pubstomping, and will be at your elo whether they are doing elo jobs or not.  It sucks, but it won't affect your true elo.
0	1000 for Hate because of Homophobia. Snowden is purely self-interest on Russia's part.
0	While it is true that gmo crops often offer a greater return on investment there is a lot more risk involved. As an example clearfield canola (hybrid but same principles apply) seed costs ~45 to 55 dollars per pound; while an older strain that can be legally reseeded is worth the market price of canola, ranges usually between 8 an 15 dollars per bushel (55 pounds). Typically clearfield goes on around 5 pounds per acre while the lower yeild uses ~7 per acre and usually yields in the low to mid 30s.   Conservitively saying 32 for conventional that means that to cover the extra 248 dollars per acre the expensive crop not only needs to yeild close to 50 bushels per acre but you also have to pray for high prices.
0	I do not disagree with you much. I simply wish you phrased your argument differently. I'm sure you would agree that some people change, however it is likely absurd to think that this man will change.   I merely want to stress that people can, because, although he may not change in his ideology, he can change his actions. A line from my favorite poem goes "This is for the celibate pedophile who keeps on struggling." To me, it has always meant that you cannot change who you are, but you certainly can do something about it.
0	One time I went to meet an internet date at a Mexican Cantina in Napa, CA. The original date flaked so I was stood up and now alone at an unknown bar. I seen this cougar in the back playing pool and was like fuck it, I'll chat her up. She was a tall blonde Amazon. So I make small talk and have a margarita with her. We get chips and salsa. We go play another game of pool. This time she is grinding dat ass on me as we play. I was a closer at the time, so I say let's go back to your place. She says cool. We grab some beer on the way to her place and some condoms. We get to her place. Tiny condo. See pictures of her with two black kids. 4 of them. They're all hers. Start smoking weed on couch. She starts blowing me. I stick my hand down her pants on her ass. Start fingering pussy. She says let's go upstairs. Go up to her room. We both strip. Get in bed. I start going down on her. Then slide a finger in and massage her g-spot a bit. Then two. Then three. Then WTF 4? Then I cross the Rubicon and tuck my thumb into that shit. 5 bro, 5 is now a fist! No shit gentle reader, I was in 6" past my wrist when she came. It was like an out-of balance washing machine.
0	It could be a mix of a million different things dude, some within your control and some not.  It probably had nothing to do with something you did, women can be kinda crazy sometimes...   Maybe she was just looking for the attention when you got her number.   Maybe she was thinking about a terrible ex when you called and decided not to go through that again.   Maybe she liked how nice you were but didn't want the responsibility of being nice back, or feeling guilty if she didn't perceive herself as being nice enough back. (This is a big one)   Maybe she's an evil person.   Maybe she's a lesbian and doesn't want to admit it to herself yet.   The point is that it doesn't matter, but it's most likely something that she thought would be wrong with the situation that probably has nothing at all to do with reality. All you can do is be friendly, confident, and fun. You are going to do such and such that sounds really awesome and if she wants to join in, cool. If not, that's cool too!   Way to get her number though! That's a difficult step at first but it gets easier. Just keep practicing that confidence, there are a lot of really cool chicks out there mixed in with all of the crazies!
0	Former small biz owner here.   Yelp did the same thing to use but used the term "filter reviews better" aka move any negative reviews to the hidden page and good reviews up when we said no all the sudden our two negative reviews (that were written by people who were never our us timers as we had names of every house we ever visited so we suspect a competing company wrote them) magically moved to the front page and all good reviews were now on the hidden filters page
1	Ty for pointing this out, I agree with the idea that the law of large numbers says if you play enough games then you can get a higher elo. Honestly I think another point is the fact that you can almost never get placed above 1400, I know I played 10 games, went 9-1 in the first 10, got put in 1350 elo. Then first few ranked games after that were all terrible, and since the more games you play the less ELO change you get, each game dropped me about 40-60 points at first, bringing me down to like 1200. The problem then is that even though I was playing at a 1350 level before, after I play 3-4 bad games, it puts me down to a  1200, but now when I win say even 5 games in a row, i'm now only at 1270...
1	CMIIW, if FNC win this, wouldnt be the head to head between those 4 teams finalized the standings already?     NIP goes 2nd, because they won the head to head against EG & GG, and tied against FNC (8 wins to 4 loses)   EG goes 3rd, because they won against GG & FNC, but lose to NIP (7 wins to 5 loses)   FNC goes 4th, because they won against GG, tied against NIP, and lose against EG (6 wins to 6 loses)   and GG 6th, because they lose against EG, FNC, & NIP (2 wins to 10 loses)
0	Can confirm that it takes a toll on your mental health. I sit in my room all day with 5 online classes. I am capable of being alone for a couple days but after that, it sucks, because it feels like you don't exist out side of yourself. Where you miss being with people, whether you know them or not. I am perfectly capable of living alone, just not for a long time.
0	I'm not in healthcare but I think that getting fat in childhood and subsequently staying that way through life vs. gaining weight after 60, does make a huge difference as far as obesity's negative impact on the body is concerned. I'm also going to assume, that most of the fat old people weren't obese through their youth and middle age, and that it is the overweight youth who won't make it past 70.
1	Riot does fine for the most part- it's when they introduce elements with no real basis to what they have done before that they really fall short. A good example of this would be Azir, who added a lot of things the game had never seen before or implemented to the extent previously.   League's code base has almost certainly grown substantially since it's infancy, and what they have done with their engine that is now five+ years old is pretty remarkable.   Coding is not as simple as you make it out to be, testing is NOT plug and play,and Riot- contrary to popular belief- is quite human.   Is Kalista passive/Relic Shield a bug? It's not up to you or I to determine that- because the implementation of Kalista's W passive makes sense logically. However, just because something makes logical sense doesn't mean that it feels good to the player.   If Riot feels that the current behavior sucks (I, for what it's worth as an ADC main, feel that it does), then they will change it- and if the changes to how her W damage functions that are on the PBE are to be believed, they are.
1	Champ Select Chat  Team building starts during champion select. Saying "Hi Team" is so much better than just calling a role. It makes you (and the people that respond to you) seem like friendly people.   Friendly Role Calls  Calling your role and saying "X main, but can fill Y, Z" also says you're willing to work with your team. If you can only do one thing, say you're only comfortable with the one role. This says honesty.   (I know this is all weird, but you're basically trying to befriend people you've never met before and get them to believe that you believe in them.)   XD  The best emoticon in LoL. I am so good at typing this when someone screws up colossally. It lets you be brutally honest in a friendly way to decrease future errors from teammates. As in "Did Trynd just endless rage when you tower dove? Lame. XD" You can put it at the start or end of any sentence and point out mistakes   ty/gj  I am so good at typing this the second we get fb. Seriously when I get fb and my top hops on telling me I'm awesome, I get pumped. The next level of this is...   DST  This. Tell people they're awesome and they will be awesome.  [Sky's breakdown of DST - Lots of swearing] (
0	I didn't realize it wasn't popular either.  A lot of people are saying that it's because they feel insulted because apparently the show is making fun of nerds...I think if you're getting mad that it's making fun of nerds, you're either not nerdy enough or you don't realize that the cool part about being a nerd is that you don't have to care what people think because you're probably better than they are anyway...I play WoW, I use alternate operating systems, I'm a CS major, I show up to parties at the time they're supposed to start, and I can get really obsessive about how things need to be and when I'm interested in something I'll get really fixated on it...I don't think the show is insulting at all...I actually relate to it a lot.
1	Blaze as a team knew what to do against his amumu. In game 1, they have mundo to counterjungle amumu, plus they put their AD+Support in the mid lane to further help mundo counterjungle. They destroyed mid tier1 tower really quick, pressuring his jungle even more. After all of that, you can see the result, an underfarmed underleveled amumu
1	In league, you pick the strongest champion, because there is a definitive strongest one. In Dota, you pick any champion so long as it works well with your team and counters the enemy team. The lack of synergy and countering and League means every champ in the same role does the same job, so whoever does that one job best is the strongest.   Basic evidence. There have recently been Dota tournaments leading up to their world championship. In those tournaments, only about 6 heroes were unplayed (not counting the 5-6 disallowed for various reasons). We have never seen anything like that in League, and we never will.
0	Here’s my story,   I worked with three people, two guys and a girl.   One of the guys and the girl started going out. On the second or third date she tells him upfront that she has herpes. He is young, doesn’t know how to handle it and bails on her almost immediately. It crushes her and she spreads rumors around work that he had trouble performing on their big night. To his credit he doesn’t say anything bad in return, other than to me and another close friend of his.  Fast Forward years later and I work in a different part of the company and this other guy I’m working with mentions that he used to date the same girl (He was going for bragging rights because she was extremely good looking) and I said “Oh, wow. So you didn’t have a problem with her herpes?” The guys face turns ghost white. He had since been married for a few years. He starts getting all agitated saying I’m lying. I told him I had direct knowledge from someone who walked away because he couldn’t deal with it. We go over the dates buddy one went out with her and when buddy two went out with her. We call buddy one and he confirms over the phone his part of the story.  Now buddy two  is livid and wants to confront her and I’m thinking we’re all going to get in trouble with HR. I told him its obvious he didn’t catch anything and to cool it. I tell him to go head to a planned parenthood and get tested. If he is clear no one else has to know.  I don’t bring it up ever again and as far as I know he is fine.
1	Well, I'm not sure if the meta is changing, but I think that how the game is played is now changing and Goose is a huge part of it.   Not only the CC crazyness on the bot lane with J4+Leona, but the way they focus on counter-picking is brand new, Goose seems to be more focused on denying the enemy picks then picking a "super strong team-comp" by it self, and thats something new.   I believe that ad+support bot, ap mid, bruiser top and "traditional" junglers game meta wont change, but counter-picks will be more important in the future, and by that I'm not saying "OMFG PICK SORAKA WITH DE OTHA TEAN PIKS KARTHSHKJHAKDJHFAKAKDJH", but counter-pick a whole team strat, deny all their potential in any kind of fight and thats GG.   Thats, in my opinion, the "meta-change".
0	fucking good for you. you qualified for different scholarships than a lot of people do. a majority of people aren't in medical field--that money isn't earned. i volunteered the shit out of every year until college. i didn't get a fucking dime for that shit. i have zero musical talent, -$600. i didn't know i qualified for the pell grant until a month before school started in the fall. basically all scholarships are done by then.
1	The problem with this is, what is fun for you isn't fun for everyone. Say someone really likes to play a specific champ. They are really good with them and it is the one they choose. Now you have people who don't like/understand how to play that champ instantly saying "that's a dumb pick, we should kick him". At what point is that fun for the player who enjoys playing the way they want and not the way you want them to. You are going to vote to kick someone because they don't pick the way you would prefer. Now there are bad picks and it happens that is part of solo queue, if you want to be sure to get solid picks start a ranked team with friends.
0	In all honesty, and serious respect to those veterans that aren't like this, i had a collage freshman veteran in my intro to botany class who was almost the exact opposite.  He was an extreme bro who showed up late almost every class, was extremely disruptive when doing so, and spent most of his time during lecture trying to pick up chicks by showing his navy tattoos and telling stories.  How can someone who served be like this?   (on the other hand, though, i did meet someone else who served in the navy doing patrol for drug smugglers/pirates in the Arabian sea/the Philippians in a chem class who was a very stand up guy, with a serious want to learn.  I suppose everyone is different)
0	Feels like they're force feeding you like in the song rappers delight.   Have you ever went over a friends house to eat   And the food just ain't no good?   The macaroni's soggy, the peas are mushed,   And the chicken tastes like wood   So you try to play it off like you think you can   By saying that you're full   And then your friend says, "Mama, he's just being polite   He ain't finished, uh-uh, that's bull!"   So your heart starts pumpin' and you think of a lie   And you say that you already ate   And your friend says "Man, there's plenty of food"   So you pile some more on your plate   While the stinky food's steamin', your mind starts to dreamin'   Of the moment that it's time to leave   And then you look at your plate and your chicken's slowly rottin'   Into something that looks like cheese   Oh so you say "That's it, I gotta leave this place   I don't care what these people think,   I'm just sittin' here makin' myself nauseous   With this ugly food that stinks"   So you bust out the door while it's still closed   Still sick from the food you ate   And then you run to the store for quick relief   From a bottle of Kaopectate
0	Yea, instead of teaching your daughter that different people like different things and not everyone is going to like what she likes, you should just complain about someone being honest and candid.  I'm being intentionally harsh, but my daughter will be turning 5 next month and this is a lesson we already had to teach her about her monster high and her novi star dolls, they're fucking weird and there are other kids that don't like the dolls and they aren't as nice about it as the cashier.
0	yeah, i think everyone quit... after no fap november, december, and january, it's gotten old. hopefully we can let the 'month of no masturbation' thing end now.   it's like that classic example of alcoholism. if you say 'i can quit any time i want', do so, and the instantly go back to the bottle, you're not really proving anything.
0	My guess is that OP doesn't have anyone in his life with a developmental disability or physical deformity. If he did, his opinion would change. People are people regardless of whatever disability or syndrome they might have. They should be able to do whatever they'd like with their life.
1	Galio fell apart in s3 due to many chnges such as penatration and the rise of ad casters mid not being in his favor. While yes, items like void staff lost magic pen, but now flat and % pen stacked, so void staff + haunting guise + sorcs shoes was an easy way to get Galio's mr much lower, something that would prove ineffective in s2.   Also, mr as a whole got nerfed, items like abyssal scepter, chalice, and FoN, common items on galio in s2, either got nerfed or removed as a whole. New mr items like Twin Shadows and Runic Bulwark are more fit for supports, and will have Galio stray away from his core builds and lack damage to be seen as a threat. Crystaline flask may seem like a good item for galio, actually is effective in countering galio. Galio's job is to win in trades by simplily barely taking any dmg with his shield. He doesn't need the sustain of crystaline flask because he won't be taking the damage, but his lane opponent would love it to shrug off galio's already mediocre harass. Losing the ability to slowly wear down his opponent, galio's kill potencial is deminishing even lower than how low it was before.   Finally, the rise of ad casters not only countered galio's primary stat, but also pushed away many of the characters galio was meant counter in mid lane. People like Brand of Cassiopeia will get destroyed in teamfights as a good galio ult will isolate them and easily focus them down before they can get a combo off. Compared to champions like kha'zix and zed, with enough base tankyness to take galio's burst, and the mobility to get out safe to assasinate tye adc. Plus, assasins like zed won't stay next to their team like cassiopeia would, and thus would make it hard to land a good ult.   Ad casters scale better with the new itemization, along with the destruction of Galio's itemization, Ad casters will counter galio as a whole in mid. Galio relys on mr, but armor isn't even an option anymore as black cleaver is so op. Galio lacks good options for hp as warmogs would make him do absolutely no dmg, and also RoA's catalyst doesn't work well with chalice which is core on Galio as you will have nothing but sustain for the first 15 minutes and again, do no damage. Plate of the Warmge may help, depending on its stats, but all it builds in is Zhonyas, and when is the last time you've seen a Galio build THAT?
0	I have to deal with 2-3 scenarios in my daily work commute where I will find myself at a light with 2 lanes of adjacent traffic. Within 1/4 mile of the light in question, each road merges into one lane of traffic, creating a near inevitable "who will be the leader" (aka race) scenario. The fact that I drive a Lowered Audi A4 makes every schmuck from the Civic Driving Boy Racer to the Automatic v6 Camry driving Soccer Dad think I want to pull a Brian Earl Spilner. Of course it seems that those same people then take their sweet ass time for the rest of their travel in the passing prohibited roads that follow.   For that reason, when I approach a red light where I will be at the front of the line of cars at a light, I have a tendency to stop with the other person having about a 1/2 car length lead ahead of me (IE my front bumper is parallel to their rear doors or so). I find this makes the other person assume I'm going to take my sweet time off the line so when the light turns green I can actually get a few car lengths ahead of them by the time they realize the light has turned and I was in fact not going to give them the lead and potentially make my commute any more irritating than it already will be. (IE the RACEKOR! driver becomes the "texter", "Sunday Driver", "Let me slam my brakes every 1/2 mile to ensure they still work'er" or the "I wish my Burrito didn't take 2 hands but I'm going to keep driving anyways with my knee" driver)   I've been driving a variant of the same general route since 2004 SOOOOOOO, I gotta keep it interesting and have learned all the nuances of the other people I deal with on a daily basis.
1	I think one of the better things to do in low elo are supportive picks like Lulu.   As someone who is decent (high gold), I would tend to not agree with this. I recently played with my friend (mid bronze) to try to get him to at least silver V so I could queue with him since people in Gold can't queue with people in Bronze.   I found picking bruiser junglers or junglers with great teamfights to be, by far, the easiest way to carry a bad team. For example, on Rek'sai, I can roam to every lane, help feed kills to my laners, get fed myself, cripple their jungler, steal their objectives. I can affect almost all aspects of the game and help boost everyone up through my own success. Similarly, on a strong teamfight jungler like Amumu or Sej, I can singlehandedly win us teamfights late game by landing a 5 man Sej stun or getting their carries stuck in Amumu's ulti that will allow us to pick them off and win the fight. Strong teamfights late game can help make up for a poor laning phase and I've come back from 20 kill+ deficits coming out of the laning phase simply because we could still compete in teamfights even though we lost every lane.   It can also work to pick mobile midlaners who roam and have good map presence (I'm a big fan of TF) or to pick toplaners that have great teamfight as well (I think Maokai is my 2nd highest winrate champion).
1	I've never won a ranked game with a Teemo on my team.....   Not only are they dickheads but also epic feeders who don't contribute in teamfights..
1	yes i have the same problem. game wont even load for me says fails to connect b/c of firewall. but i've NEVER had this problem.   when i finally got into loading screen the game just closed on me when it got stuck @ 52% and my game usually loads pretty fast.   i've also tried restarting my computer as well to no help.
1	It's not radically new, it's what people already do except that you're saying bottom is a roamer who can jungle instead of a support.   The counter to excessive roaming is to have your 2v1 bottom push tower down (not zone it, as some people initially think, since it just means you have 1 zoned lane against 2 zoned lanes and a camped jungle.) There is a misconception that you should zone bottom. One of the reasons the Euro carry+support destroyed the American roamer bottom meta was because the Euro lane could crush the tower too fast 2v1.   Also, at high tier play, any time you switch lane set ups, your opponent tends to switch them too, and usually ends up ahead somehow--see: any of the 5 times somebody tries to run a kill lane vs CLG, only to find CLG's carry and support mid or top.   I think your plan is somewhat valid however it's not really "new meta" material because first of all, if both teams are doing this, it would just be silly, and second of all, since Team A has two junglers who are usually on opposite sides of the map, it creates a problem where Team B will be able to outnumber you on bottom/east most of the time. So if Team B's jungler runs into Team A's counterjungler somewhere, Team B's support+carry can peel off and help hunt him down for an unequal fight--and considering how hard it will be for Team A's 2v1 bottom to get past his pushed creep wave, it may indeed be a very lopsided fight.
1	They don't own the fact. They do own the content of the report they put out. Currently to the best of my knowledge no one else has a report or any content released about this situation, which means that RL is the only journalistic source for it.   In my mind, if the OP has made the post and said that Liquid had filed a compliant about potential poaching and asked for community discussion about it, that would be fine. But what the OP did from my perspective, is posted a direct quote from the article itself, thus plagiarizing the content of RL's article.
1	She's really strong because she can completely zero out all dive. If the enemy team runs a really strong comp that wants to team fight and jump into your back line they can't do it vs. Janna. Take split push and save your ult to knock back the enemy team when they engage and you can basically walk away for free and siege as much as you want. It's super hard to deal with unless you're way better than the enemy team, and it requires you to actually coordinate and make strategic team plays (something not often done in soloQ).
0	It will increase libido, but it also has the effect of making you less attracted to your partner.  The reason for this is that naturally we are attracted to the pheromones of individuals who are genetically dissimilar to us (which accounts for much of your initial attraction to your partner), but the hormones in birth control reverse this effect, essentially tricking your body into thinking it is pregnant (so you don't ovulate) and in effect causing you to seek the company of people whose pheromones tell you they are genetically similar to yourself (or family).  Protection of the larger group is essential for pregnant women in our evolutionary history.
0	Hey, student from a high school that had technology for every student (mac books to be exact) checking in! I went to 3 different high schools so I  experienced high school both with and without the resource.  Technology in the classroom is an amazing opportunity. I was part of the inaugural class and it was rough at times, teachers had to learn how to utilize the resource and keep students from using it for non-school activities, but overall it made for a much improved learning experience!
0	Am I the only one that quit smoking and is not counting the days?  I quit smoking sometime this year (~6 months ago) after working in the life insurance industry and finding out how much is the difference in cost to insure a smoker and a non smoker.  I'm someone that loves to get the lowest cost on anything and everything, so when I saw that I was like "fuck this shit" and quit after about 10 years of smoking.  Only the first 2 days were hard, now I can't even smell cigarette smoke 'cause it gives me a headache when before I would love the smell.
1	The beats are mostly produced by other people and I've just collected (paid for) them and have them sitting around for use at some point.  I basically listen to the beats I have leased or created myself over and over until I get an idea and then I start writing lyrics.  Lyric writing is just a huge brainstorming of a mass of ideas that I write on notebook paper and when I'm done with that I usually have about 100 lines/jokes/ideas and I use those to actually assemble verses.  When I'm done writing the lyrics I wait a few days and come back to them and make improvements.  I record vocals usually all in one day because it's hard to get the exact same tone in different recording sessions then I spend like 70 billion hours trying to mix my vocals into the song because using premade instrumentals is the dumbest thing on the planet if you're trying to get a high quality mix.  Then I use my extremely amateur skills to master the track.  Usually I undo everything I did and just put a soft limiter on the mix and add a very small amount of reverb to smooth the edges.  Overall I am very bad at this and I just spend way more time than you could ever imagine to get these songs made.
0	The confederate flag does not represent racism or hatred, anymore than a crescent moon (an Islamic symbol) represents bombing of American embassies. The confederate flag represents the rights for states to secede from the union if they disagree with federal law. In order to rouse up enough passion for war in the Union, slavery was used as a rallying cry. Since history is written by the victors, slavery was perpetuated as the ONLY reason for the war. Because of the outcome of the Civil War, the Federal government is the supreme power, no matter what. This is why medical marijuana dispensaries keep getting shut down, even though they were voted for by the people. That kind of abuse of power is what the confederacy was trying to secede from.
0	You guys fail to realize that each state is its own sovereign body that can place taxes. Counties and cities can tax as well. Then you also have federal taxes. All Americans know that tax is not added. You go from state to state and Mcdonalds will always have a dollar menu. It might be $1.08 in North Carolina, and $1.05 in Florida. For most suppliers, to have to look up tax information for every state and adjust each individual price tag on the bag and rack would be ridiculous. Nobody in America complains about this because it is never so much of a price difference. For example if I buy three things from the dollar menu I know its gonna be about 3.20 or so. The cashier rings it in, full price comes up, I pay accordingly.
0	Because they're easier to expand with  Reddit Enhancement Suite  video in another tab/window.
1	They didn't get hacked or anything like that. A DDoS is when a geographically diverse botnet streams junk data or requests at an IP address to block out legitimate traffic. It isn't the equivalent of robbing a store or breaking windows, it's just sending a bunch of cars down the road you would take to get there so that you can't get to the store. There are only three solutions, only one of which is relatively viable for an operation the size of TSM's gaming house.     Security through obscurity. Keep the IP address secret, change the IP address when it is compromised. This is TSM's solution, but their ISP is reportedly slow to react to their requests. (to use the car metaphor from before, this would be changing your address so the cars don't find out where to block the road, this works but only until they find the real address again).   Have bandwidth that exceeds the incoming malicious data. This has only ever worked for people like Google. (You can't traffic jam my road, you only have 40 cars and this is an 18 lane highway!)   High level ISP support that involves controlling the DDOS a step away from the user. Your ISP needs to take a proactive approach to not route the malicious signals to you in the first place. This sort of thing can take hours to respond and is NOT a part of the contract for a home or small business user. It is primarily used for major datacenters. (this is like having police stationed several blocks away dedicated to directing traffic that appears malicious away from your store, you will still see some interruption because they won't spot every one individually)
0	The biggest problem isn't even that university costs are too high, though that is an issue. Wages are the problem. I would highly recommend watching the documentary "Inequality for All" for more information. One of the points that it emphasizes is that average wages have not kept up with the cost of living. The wealth of America has increased quite linearly since WWII, and for a time the wages followed an almost identical trend. In 1972, however, the wages of the average worker flattened- actually dipped! At the same time the GDP continued to grow rapidly. What does that mean? The cost of living increases, both adult members of the household work to sustain themselves, they work longer hours, and take out more debt. All of that make living harder, and higher education for most impractical without crippling student loans.
0	My mom was a huge germaphobe and kind of insane, so if we fell ill, we got in trouble for it. So I was always on edge at school about touching doorknobs and shit because I didn't need to have my mom scream at me for catching a cold. Anyway, whenever I had a sleepover I always had one friend that was always, ALWAYS sick and she insisted every time she came over it was "just allergies." I was just like, "Dude, stay the hell home! Do you have any idea how much trouble I'm going to get into if you're contagious?!"
0	Closing up a kitchen is really hard work. in my restaurant experience it's been about 1-1.5 hrs to close everything down from a starting point working balls-out with a small crew. However, a typical evening shift might have been 3-9:30 with the restaurant closing to customers at 9.   I was always trained to start cleaning the line piece by piece starting around 8. If someone comes in late and orders a complicated dish using most of the line, you have to clean it all over again. it sucks for your social life because your shift may end a full hour or so later than it does on your schedule.   Protip:  If you walk in during the last hour of a restaurant's operations, ask the server what you can order that won't force them to clean anything on the line again. they'll love you for it, you'll get great service, and if they tell the cook (nice customers get talked about in the kitchen, sadly they can be rare) your meal will be better for it.
0	Funny story.   My friend flew into the Phillippines from Hong Kong last summer. He was on his way to see a girl he'd met on a previous trip to Boracay with some douchecanoe who was trying to score a mail order bride. Didn't work out for the douchecanoe, but that's another story.   My friend and the girl he met, they weren't serious. But he liked her, and he sensed it could go that way eventually. While planning this return trip, he decided to cross one off the bucket list.   So my friend flew into Manila from Hong Kong. Having a full day to fuck off in Manila before catching the ferry to Odiogan, he booked a room at a nice "hotel," one with toilet paper and plumbing.  He chose this hotel for its "amenities." Well, four girls and 24 hours later, he received an "invoice" for "room service." The "invoice" didn't reflect the prices on the "menu," and he said so.   Enter six pygmy Filipino men armed with tiny baseball bats. After debating the odds, he decided to just pay the $1000 bill.
0	I hate to have to use the word "refreshing" but it is to see that people have gone trough what I went through about a year and a half ago, but it also continues today. From being abusive, my dog saving my life, him telling me how he planned to kill a girl way back when, that he like the feel of fresh blood running down his arms, to him stalking me, threatening to kill me and my family and he tried to kill himself 3 times (including when he was in jail) he still continues to this day and I do have a retraining order against him. It's a long story and I would like to share it but I'm not sure anyone will read this comment.
1	Don't become meaner! My boyfriend also got me into LoL and the best lost game I ever had was when we had a 4-man group with a random Taric - we were doing bad and losing terribly but that Taric was always super encouraging and supportive, sometimes he'd comment stupid deaths with "x_x careful!", "oh no don't go mid". We were all on skype and even though everyone was frustrated how the game was going, we agreed that Taric was making everything better, because he wasn't raging and never gave up.
1	I was in the same position and got BBCC, however I didn't skip college and only made it to gold V so you probably invested a lot more time than me. Although I did spend my free periods studying whereas you didn't. A tip is to think of college as a 9-5 job and all the time you are you should be working as hard as you can and not skipping out on what really matters. By all means I didn't get the best grades but that mentality is what help me overcome this "addiction". I also had the same thing with call of duty and my GCSE's, I messed them up and it cost me my future as well, because I couldn't get into the courses I wanted and had to settle for something I didn't really want to do.
1	It's easy to say that in hindsight.  I agree that I would rather have someone that could speak English just for communication purposes alone, but Piglet could easily have showed up and been in better form or better for the synergy of the team as a whole.  I think we should give TL a break dealing with such huge unknowns.  I mean, they are already being extremely proactive by benching Piglet right now.  As long as they move forward from a bad situation quickly they can salvage this season.   (I know, Forg1ven would obviously been a huge boon to the team, but there was no way of knowing for sure when they made the decision. Remember that he was accused of being toxic and not synergizing well with some previous teams.)
0	Most people probably don't hate you, they're probably just indifferent unless you have something to offer them. Most people are selfish fair-weather friends who only want to spend time with you when it has some sort of benefit to them. It's a sad fact of life, most people are dicks.   BUT, there are people out there that care. Even if they don't come out and directly say it. Take some time to reevaluate your life and live it for you, and not for others. Find out what you like about yourself, and what makes you happy. Once you find that, you'll find confidence, and you'll care less about what others may or may not think of you.
1	It doesn't matter how well I play if my team plays poorly is all I'm trying to say. I'd feel satisfied if I could win these retardedly lopsided games too, but my teams don't know how to build, position, or engage/teamfight, not to mention that we usually lack a well-defined team comp.
0	Before you put the ring on, almost every girl was a potential mate. And talking to women who you wanted to  have sex with  date made you nervous. And it showed.   Once you put the ring on, the pressure was off. They stopped being potential mates and started being people. And now that you're not nervous, you come across as more confident, which is an attractive trait.
1	I've logged over 200 games with swain, I do consider him my "main" champ.   My advice:   Runes: Quints: Magic pen Marks: magic pen Seals: mana regen per level  Glyphs: CDR % reduction   Ability Priorities:   R>E>Q>W Reasoning: Swain's E In my honest opinon is almost over powered. It % of damage increase is VERY strong at early levels. If you get an opponent around 65-70% health around level 5 you can combo then down with an " Q-E-W-ignite" and don't forget your auto attacks also get the bonus increase in damage too!(that alone will add a fair amount to your early burst)   You go Q after E because the slow is very helpful in landing not only your W but helps you escape from many melee champs early in game.   W is last because when level'ing it all you recieve is a damage increase and CD goes down.   Build: I ALWAYS "ALWAYS" start boots 3 pots, I would suggest this to any one over dorans. Why? Well I'm sure you noticed swain's auto attack range and skill range isn't the largest and he can be out ranged rather easily but champs ( LB, Ryze Q spam, morg Q etc). Going dorans means that if you take too much harass early on, or from a fail gank perhaps then you will NEED to go back. Boots and pots gives you much more staying power in lane. Which with his pasive (10 mana restored on last hitting creeps) you can just camp lane all day!   Boots 3 pots Rod of Ages Hextech revolver DeathCap   Situational:  Rylai's isn't bad on swain, and neither is zhonya's. Though i only get these items in specific situations. Rylai's  i pick up usually with zhonya's, this happens in games where my team comp is usually a bit squishier. Or perhaps my team doesn't have a real tank.   DISCLAIMER: i really suggest not playing a tanky swain until you become comfortable with him for it takes a lot of going in and out/poking in bird form. If you are caught even with a tank build (and zhonya's) late game you will still drop in seconds.   Occasionally i will go a build something along the lines of 2-3 dorans then sorc boots followed by Deathcap. This is a build i use either when A. i'm doing VERY well and i want to rush Deathcap and finish the game early, or B. i am not farming well and the other team doesn't have a lot of burst (the 3 dorans will make you fairly tanky up until around 20 mins).   Role wise, I've mostly  midd'd with him, though i really do enjoy laning him with a partner (once you get the root down you can start getting Firstblood's like crazy in a duo lane). He does fairly well against some tops, but others like (rumble, udyr) really any champ with sustained damage or just hp sustain will give him a lot of problems and can bully him out of lane repeatedly.   And sadly very few streamers play swain ='[ i've seen SK oce play him on a few occasions but that is really it.   The biggest thing for swain:   GET THAT W DOWN- i can't tell you how many times i've savd a team mate with a well timed W when the enemy team is chasing them. Its range also helps you root the more "bold" people in team fights who might take that one extra step out of position.
0	I don't know... A police officer's job is more than canvassing for witnesses. A key part of their job in my opinion is response time.   I grew up in an Midwestern inner-city neighborhood. For contrast I live in a middle class neighborhood in California. It makes no sense how fast the police come when called in my current neighborhood. Within literal minutes (usually less than 5). When I lived in the rough inner-city neighborhood? Don't hold your breath. A half-hour was average. For additional contrast the police keep a steady presence in my current neighborhood. Back in the inner-city it was a rare site to see a cop car patrolling in a residential area.   I don't know the outside circumstances but the only conclusion I can draw is that the service given to low income areas is sub-par to that of higher income. These are my observations and conclusions.   Quick response times can be the difference between catching and losing a criminal. The need for canvassing wouldn't be so prevalent if the cops had gotten there sooner. The crime may not have taken place if there was a stronger police presence to begin with.  Just my opinion having lived on both sides of the fence.
0	I hate husband logic on where the "right" spot is.  Where's the right spot for the beaters on the hand mixer?  Well, the mixer should go inside the massive pot beside the cat food, but the beaters for it belong in the back corner of the top shelf, where I can't even see them without standing on a chair.  The measuring spoons belong with serving utensils, but measuring CUPS go in the cupboard between the plates and the mugs.  Pans go on hooks on the wall, but pots go on top of those beaters, particularly the lids.   If the spots were consistent, this might work.  But my 5 measuring cups are down to 1/4 and 1/3 cup measurements, with the other 3 lost forever.  My roommates bf uses them to make dip in, so if they aren't lost, they're likely dirty and under a bed.  And when HE does dishes, he leaves the clean dishes on the counter under the cupboard they belong in.
1	You have to make some deterrent against appeal spamming (even if they are limited). The idea of limited appeals doesn't really appeal to me (no pun intended), but you could do what some sporting codes do when a player commits an infraction. They have an unlimited number of appeals, but if they appeal a ban and it fails, then their punishment is made harsher and they are blocked out from appealing again within a certain period of time.   As for everything else, I like it. I'm level 13 and so am a very long way from participating in tribunal, but it is certainly an interesting beast.
0	We all felt like you in the beginning too. Marriage is hard   Honestly, I've never felt that way. My wife and I have been married 11 years and it hasn't seemed hard at all. Then again, I married my best friend, so that probably is what made it a lot easier. Good communication skills and lack of fear of judgement goes a long way.   Oh and I'm sure people will say "Oh, well your marriage hasn't been tested yet."   My wife was abused in her childhood. We have a special needs daughter. I was in the Army for 7 years and deployed for 1. I was injured during that deployment, was determined by the Army to be disabled and medically retired. I stopped believing in god, and told her this, even though we were both devout followers of our faith when we married. My wife also had a major injury from an accident that required surgical correction. Not to mention I have extremely judgmental and controlling parents, who would control my entire life (including never marrying my wife) if I didn't have a backbone.
1	Again this is an issue of sportsmanship and 'best effort'.   I have been part of many online tournaments and I have been on the receiving end of OPs behavior many times. When a team (or player) who perceives he has almost no chance to win a fair match, they will ignore any communication, get on at the very last chance to play and just hope the opponent happen to not the ready right away so that they can push for a forfeit.   Bad admins give them the win, good admins see through this tactic.   OP is trying to do what we in the poker world would call 'angle shooting', while technically following some of the rules, he is breaking the written (and unwritten) rules about good behavior and sportsmanship.
0	can confirm.   i have an uncle that's always been a bit off, but just chalked it up to the way he was.   my SO met him for the first time and asked me what was wrong with him, autism or something mild.   that day, it all made sense.
1	Maybe our cards dealt differ.   My experience people pick lanes just to tell you how to play yours. You could be 5-0-3 as an ADC 10 minutes in, but if your CS is only 50, you're bad. Or if we don't get first blood it's AFK time. Or if they messed up an invade/smite steal they AFK. Or the guy that just beats down a teammate for being "Bad," literally just going off. And when they get muted, they find a new ear to vent to about them, whether it is the other team or us. Effectively they just started up LoL to argue. Or the racists. Or the Jungle that doesn't gank, he just comes to each lane and steals farm. Then proceeds to dive enemies hugging their turret after stealing a few waves. Ends up feeding a lane. People don't ward or call mias. And forget constructive criticism, not even the direct kind. I could ask "Lets get some more wards out on the map," and get told to "Fck u men, wrd suport not me job. N0b." Or I have even rewarded Baron+Dragon as an ADC/Top/Jungle/ even warded Tribushes and River when I didn't see my team with them just to get told "Asshole, warding it my job. Stop!"   None of this is an exaggeration, all of that has and does happen. Drives me insane. It severely cripples my morale. But I guess, pun intended, "Diamonds are made under pressure." If capitalizing on every mistake I possibly can, and ramifying any mistake my team makes is what I need to do to climb the ladder, so be it. Those skills are probably vital to top-tier success anyway.   Overall, there are so many minor things in Solo Q, that it is very hard to attempt to carry your team to victory. I feel like the planets have to align with God's butthole sometimes.
0	I have a four year old daughter. She is all about "bikinis."  I was totally anti-bikini until I actually saw her in the pool, lake, and ocean with one on.  She looks like a toddler in a swim suit.  They don't make her look like a Whore; which is what I infer from the tone of your Picard.
0	I like your style.  I don't think getting married is something you can "want" to do, like you can "want" to own a home, or "want" to go to Europe.   I hate when single people my age seem to be acting all Ted Mosby and desperately wanting to be married, as if it's some sort of unlockable achievement like in a game.   I don't think you should "want" to be married until you are with someone that you WANT to marry.  Otherwise, it just seems to me to be a silly ideal, and it shouldn't be hammered into people's heads like there is some sort of order to achieving happiness.  Graduate high school, go to college, graduate college, get a job, meet that special someone, get married, have kids, retire, die.  That just doesn't seem healthy to me.   It's not like a boat.  I'm not going to start "wanting" a boat until I see one that I like.  I want a boat right now, so I'm looking for one, but to want to be married, and actively pursue it I think is unhealthy and will more than likely lead to divorce, if that makes sense.
1	spellsy, I really like this type of analysis.  I think there should be a lot more of this type of analysis done for pro League matches.  However, I caution making any strong conclusions from the "snowballing" section -- especially the 3.6% increase in first-blood winrates.  With your small sample size that is only an increase of about 2 games.   One also has to consider that there might be experience/skill gaps and/or other factors between your pre-patch 3.14/post-patch 3.15 groups which might significantly contribute to snowballing and objective prioritization.  The pre-patch 3.14 group is from worlds and OGN, while the post-patch 3.14 group is from BotA, EU/NA LCS Promos, and some OGN games.   I've worked on a game research project analyzing thousands of play sessions looking at dozens of variables and markers.  It's quite common to have small differences in values when working with such small sample sizes (even without any changes/patches!!).  Be very careful when making your conclusions with these types of datasets.  For example, I believe the only win-rates-after-taking-first-objectives that are probably significant are "First-Dragon" and "First-Inhibitor".  However, the differences in "First-Blood" and "First-Baron" are interesting and should be tracked more in future sample sets.
1	In blind pick, you can just do something unconventional (or relatively unconventional). Most AP mids with CC (Ryze, Zyra, Lux, to name a few) can go support. A lot fo them can go top as well. I think it all depends on the champion you want to practice. I don't think its outrageous that playing a champion not in their regular lane can't provide practice and awareness of the champ.
0	Could be lactose intolerance. I thought it was that (seriously, someone could die from the farts I produce, and it was only after I had milk), but I went to see a gastroenterologist and found out I have Bacterial Overgrowth in my small intestine. It also explains why I haven't been gaining muscle/weight like I was last year (gained 25-30 lbs in 3-4 months, but haven't gained a single pound in the last 8 months without changing my diet), but that's besides the fact. You produce excess hydrogen, which is how they detect it (and also what's coming out of your ass).
1	exactly. And, as a jungler, it's really easy to fall a few levels behind due to ganking and lane pressuring... So you don't scale properly on that regard either.
1	I main jungle, and I find that when you get the idiot junglers - the one's who just do not understand what to do - they'll leave a lane which is behind on the lurch, regardless of whether or not it's opertune.   For example I recently played a game on NA as Swain - the enemy team 3 man ganked me at level 1 so I fell behind in exp (obviously).   Not only did I get no jungle presence because, and I quote "You're too far behind" (because 2 levels down against a lux is true terror - known for her durability, that one) - but he then proceeded to dive top without the assistance of the top laner. He died.   Also refused to give pass blue buff so I could sustain in lane, and at no point ganked mid, or come to think of it, bot. Ended the game equal gold to my team (except maokai who was behind, funnily enough), but with 7 deaths because the lane had snowballed so heavily. So logically it was all my fault. I'll admit, there were times where I made mistakes, but nothing that didn't reinforce the flow of the game already.   >
1	Your opinion.     Your opinion.     Your internet not Riot's.   Ranked games haven't changed from S3 or S2. Just different in how they show you what rank you are really.
1	NUNU. His snowball would be totally OP then. Also Cho'gath, Sion, Vladimir and Mordekaiser. Atma's is balanced item because you buy it on tanky melee champions that have to be in close combat so they buy HP item's and runes/masteries. Popular mix is AtMog's or AtMallet (I prefer later). Atma's+Mallet = 700HP+34AD+slow. If there would be "APma's" with the same 2%AP from HP and some mres (instead of armor) and mana regen (instead of crit chance) it would be: APma's+Rylai's = 500HP+90AP+slow. Nunu has 1.0AP scaling on Ice Blast and 2.5AP scaling on Absolute Zero. Now add other snowball items'. Bruiser version: Atma's+Mallet+Warmog's = 1970HP+59.4AD+slow. Caster version: APma's+Rylai's+RoA=1130HP+725MP+182.6AP+slow.
0	Personally I wouldn't want to live forever. Think about it, sure you'll be able to see what the far future would look like but as time goes on so does evolution. What if human evolve into some sort of super-human far down the line... what does that mean for you as an immortal? Well that basically means that you, as the last surviving homo-sapient will be regarded as a freak-show and an incredible anomaly within nature. You'll probably be subject to an infinite amount of experiments, and not the good kind. Perhaps you'll even be in a cage in a travelling circus.   Plus, you'll have to watch all of your family members die. Every single one of your loved ones will age and eventually wither away. To me this sounds like a miserable existence...
0	Homeboy/Homegirl, I'll make it easy on you because I've seen and experienced first-hand things like this. You let her get away = She feels no regret to your pain and has dirt on you she can make you look bad with later anyway. You confront her = She gets a bad rep and pays you back (maybe, if you are aggressive enough with your speech) and you may lose some friends, but your still young and a college student. Finding new friends isn't hard.
1	Go watch the video, then come and comment on it. He made it very obvious numerous times in his video that he did not condone what XJ9 did, his problem with it was the cyberbullying he was recieving from this subreddit.   He also brought up his own experiences with cyberbullying, which probably makes him more competent on the issue of how a person can be brought down by cyberbullying. The problem is that cyberbullying is such a serious issue that a lot of youths that are cyberbullied actually commit suicide.
1	Yet again another person who's completely ignorant of what this All Stars is.   People like you spouting these asinine comments with edits about how the All-Stars should play out infuriate me. Can you please get a clue before you spout more bile like this. "if you wanna see them troll". Right. Let's go through why I think you and your ilk in this matter are a bunch of plebs.   The All-Star event in Paris this month is for two purposes. The All-Star Challenge (Team Fire vs Team Ice) and The All-Star Match Up. The All-Star challenge, like these pick 10 events, the URF, the hexakill, are SOLELY for fun for the crowd and the audience at home. The All-Star Challenge is, as its name would suggest, a CHALLENGE. It's an invitational event of pro players from around the world, voted in by you, forming a team and competing in challenges against one and other. The reason the Pick 10 is getting a lot of negative feedback is because the picks aren't niche, they aren't fun to watch in a challenge setting. This leads me on to the next point.   The All-Star Match Up pits the best of each region against one and other in a SERIOUS and PROFESSIONAL tournament. Consider this a mini-worlds if you want your esports peen to be hard enough to thoroughly fap to this event. Every team there wants to win this event. We're going to see Thresh in practically every game, likewise with Lucian and Lee Sin. You talk about wanting to see mechanically challenging champs, then I would suggest only watching the All-Star tournament, rather than the All-Star Challenge.   The All-Star Match Up is the serious part. Expect to see mechanics. Expect to see well thought out teamcomps.   The All-Star Challenge is the joke part. It was always about fun. It was intended to be fun. Let's be honest, how mechanical can you really be in URF mode? These Pick 10 are going to make that game so bloody boring to watch I will likely skip it myself. I wanted to see Teemo, I wanted to see Sion. I wanted to see the pros have fun and to entertain me as the All-Star Challenge was supposed to do.
1	I agree, the Lux and Morgana lane has been something I've been really wanting to try.  Unfortunately, the playstyle of Lux is similar enough to Morg (there are key differences, I'm not disputing that, but a lot of the same motions and tactics apply, including using shield and cage on the run to kite someone) that most of the people I know don't feel she's very good at all, as they feel that as "support", she's competing with Janna/Sona/Soraka/Taric for their spot.  If there is already one of those, then she's allegedly competing for a "support/dmg" slot against Morgana (and others with dmg + cc).  I disagree on this set in stone official team comp setup beyond a goal for non-premades to follow.   That said, if any of my friends manage to learn her (or Morgana), I'll play the other.  I actually was surprised at doing fairly well with her the first time I played her (2-2-16 though it was a losing game as we had somewhat weak tanking due to bad decisions that game as well as very light on the dps or cc against a full cc team), but at the same time, that's a sample size of one, and I know absolutely that I can improve greatly on her and probably did a lot worse that game than my score reflected.  I absolutely know I had issues with aiming that shield at teammates that would move at the last moment (though I never threw it at my opp like a retard) but there were quite a few escapes from this beastly geared Olaf that chased me from top to bottom while I kept managing a shield + Light Binding to keep him off me.  This happened a few times so I am not sure what happened to his Ult that would have had my Binding go right through him with no effect, but hey, I'm not complaining =D
0	After 25 + years of paying into unemployment I was laid off of a job because of corporate restructuring resulting in me going from bringing in $6500 a month to $1980 a month on unemployment.   I used the time while being unemployed to look for a new job and found one in 2 months. I 'made' $3800 before taxes on unemployment. I have paid in considerably more than that over the years. The unemployment checks allowed me to stay afloat while I spent 40+ hours per week submitting resumes and interviewing. Cleaning up trash on the highway would have severely screwed up that time
1	Am i the only one who think that people didnt use to flash orianna ults but in this Alliance vs Fnatic game everyone seems to be flashing Xpekes Orianna ults
0	At the high school I graduated from, it isn't even the students and parents who lash out about this.  They do, but louder protests can be heard from the tens of thousands of old folks (aka former students and current tax payers) living in our area.  I live in an area with more old people than young people, and for some reason those people would rather see their money go to a terrible sports program- my high school never won anything or placed anywhere in any sport except water polo- than an arts program where they'd actually be able to come to see shows and look at art.  Yes, you can argue that they'd be able to come see sports games as well, but how exciting is a high school field hockey game to a 90-year-old?  Obviously football games are great for them, but other than that, what's to love?  I really don't get why they make such a big stink about it.  By the way, they are also some of the biggest supporters of our musical and choir concerts.  It's really confusing.   In the years since I've graduated they've implemented "activity fees."  The fee is $100 to participate in an activity.  Sports players only have to pay one flat fee to be in any sport.  It's documented that most participants of things like the school musical or other arts activities only do that activity, while most sports players play more than one sport, so it doesn't seem fair that everyone has the same fee.  Alas, the sports don't need the money, so the sports players don't need to pay $100 per sport anyway.  They already have all the money they need from the school budget.  Musical and art participants also have to raise money through mandatory sales of advertisements.   By the way, our district recently built a new high school.  Most of the money was spent on sports stadiums.  Less than half was spent on actual classrooms and the core of the school.  The auditorium and art wing obviously were given pennies.  We were known for having an orchestra pit in our old high school- none in the new one, and the auditorium has fewer seats.  Our school district is ridiculous, but I know it isn't unique.
0	Kids are kids.  It's easy to look back and be like "ya know, it wasn't that bad."  They don't have that hindsight or those learning experiences yet.  That's part of growing up, and unfortunately some of them don't make it past that part.  When you're a teenager, things seem a lot more extreme than they really are and the issues you might face at school may very well be your biggest problems in life.  A child in a third world country is worrying if they'll get water today.  A billionaire in New York can't decide where to fly for lunch tomorrow.  And a kid in a hallway at school is dreading the rest of his day because his bully is at the other end.   I kind of went off track there...
1	Hello reddit users. :)   I've came with an idea which can improve game overall. The point is, I'd like to check statistics about champions I played.   After you go to your profile, there would be new tab named "Statistics" between (for example) tab Leagues and Match history. You can go to this tab and check how many games you played with each champions, how many normal games, how many rankeds. Also, the win-ratio with each of these champions. There would be something like counter, so if somebody mains DRAAAAA-VEN he could check himself how many games he actually played with him, and how many games were won and lost. There could be some kind of filters like on lolking.net, how many % of all games were played in jungle, and if you play some not-standard jungler like, let's say - Ziggs, you could edit yourself in this counter that you played this one Ziggs game in jungle, not on mid lane as AP Carry. Also it would be nice if you were able to check if you are improving yourself, if your winratio with X champion is higher or lower than it used to be three months ago.
1	Had multiple loss streaks ranging from 15-20 usually , At least the thing was after loosing so many games the smallest thing would tilt me even if i'm doing well or going even the smallest mistakes or a failed gank just tilted me uber hard.   What i did to stop these loss streaks is stop playing for a couple of hours or sometimes days and just came back with a vengeance  Sometimes i would pick fun non meta picks and then win.
1	As a person who criticized Dyrus's play yesterday, I definitely think that he should NOT be replaced. I just thought putting him on a high econ champ with no chance of support, and him playing his usual push hard style without flash was just un-Dyrus. He's still the only top laner, I feel, that'd be able to take a hit early game for the team and still be relevant late game.
1	So what if Riot gave them the wrong accounts and took them several days to fix the issue. They were punished for their impatience. Riot is giving them a fully stocked, ready to go account, and they can't wait a few days for it? If Riot didn't hand out these accounts in the first place, CLG would have stayed in NA as it would have taken way to long for them to create and level/build an account from scratch. This situation is not Riots fault. Riot didn't tell CLG to account share while they waited for the right accounts.
0	OP: your daughter has good analytical skils. Do try to encourage her alternative thinking. I have software engineers in my team who wouldn't have done it as elegantly as she did. I know as I know how they code.
0	Initially this, of course, makes sense. You've got so many experiences in your life ahead of you. Having a baby at 16 is crazy. Crazy!   Oh, but wait!   If you have a kid at 16, by the time  they're  16, you'll be 32. Maths, innit?   By the time they're 18 and off to university or whatever to start their own adult adventures you'll be 34. 34! The age I was 4 years ago, and I'm still waiting to grow up. At 34 you can physically and mentally do everything you could at 24 and you're probably earning more money with it.   Interesting...   But what if they follow your example and  also  have a kid at 16? Hmm. Well then you've got the responsibility of helping your teenage child raise their child (aka your grandchild - keep up at the back). No reclaiming your youth for you.   To conclude (aka
0	don't like   In my experience they don't really care. African-American is such a buzzword since the 90s, everyone's just sort of used to it. Then there's the pretentious black people who try to "get back to their African roots" in all the wrong ways, who might see this as affirmation.
0	Yeah, but which 20 movies?
1	Played a ranked yesterday, and we were winning 10-6. Knocked out bot turret, and everyone went mid. We poked them a few times and got them to back up, so we headed to nab a quick drake off of it. They surrendered before we could get it. Not a single team fight all game, nobody was fed. It was a pretty even fight too.
0	Tell me about it. I had my card locked because I "used it too much" and made "too many large purchases". I was a bridesmaid at a wedding that was in two days,  of course I was making frequent large purchases . But the customer service for the bank did not unlock cards - the fraud department did. The fraud department then told me the card was not locked and told me to talk to customer service. I kept getting the run around for hours. So on the umpteenth call, I just screamed. I screamed and screamed about how everyone was pushing me on to someone else. I screamed myself hoarse but I kept going until they closed. Then the next morning I called back and screamed some more, hung up, called back, gor a different person and calmly explained (in that I am willing to kill you voice) that I had just spent 15 minutes screaming at one of his coworkers, and if he didn't get me a manager I will do it for longer to him. Finally, I got a fraud department manager on the line and got him to call a manager in customer service. They went over my account, one of them said "ah, ummm.." there was silence and then I was told my account was definitely not locked anymore. Clearly, someone hadn't done their job right yesterday. I didn't push for an explanation though, I was just happy to be able to use my card - and promptly withdrew $300 so that I could use cash until after the wedding.   It sucks, I definitely did not have fun. If it were not for the wedding, I would have just gone to a branch on that Saturday to get the issue resolved in person. But the wedding was on that Saturday.
1	Damn, this reflects the situation perfectly! You need more upvotes. It seems like Riot is buffing champions that are easy to play and don't have big "Play-potential" to the point the user just needs to smash his head on the keyboard to win lane/game. I'm looking at champions like: Caitlyn, Nasus, Vel'Koz, Kayle, Lulu... Note that I'm not here to highlight the champs with the highest winratio but the champs that that have way too high effectiveness compared to the actual knowledge and skill you need to play it properly.   Additionally, there are many champs that are deemed skill instensive even tho they aren't. Zed being a perfect example. Having such a good waveclear and all that extra damage for nothing makes him a very easy champ. The difference between a good Zed and a horrible Zed is basicly, that the horrible Zed will MAYBE die after he assassinated the ADC, APC and the other has some more knowledge and even survive the 1v5 dive onto the ADC...   Riot keeps constantly nerfing play-making champs and to be honest it sucks. I would bet a 975 skin one of the next nerfs goes to Katarina. The worst part of it all is the community riding every bandwagon that they are presented. That's actually WHY the community is fucked up. I don't care about toxic kids and heck I'll use strong words when I'm settled up, if someone reports me, well fuck it I report back, cause everyone has a corpse in his cellar. Maybe they didn't flame me directly but I'm sure they did, it's fucking human to do so.
0	Yes, but not all migraines are severe. I was really surprised when my doctor told me that my "bad headaches, but not super bad" were migraines. She said there is such a thing as a mild migraine, and that the diagnostic criteria for migraines are NOT the severity but certain unique symptoms like one-sidedness, nausea, auras, other family members also having them (migraines are strongly genetic), etc. My headaches had all those specific traits even though they are not extremely severe. And the key thing: mild migraines do NOT respond to regular over-the-counter meds for regular headaches, but DO respond to prescription migraine meds. (Apparently both the mild and severe forms are due to the same underlying problem in blood flow, and can be treated with the same drugs).   This was a life-transforming discovery for me. Now I have prescription meds that can actually make my headaches go away! This is huge for me because even though I don't get the super severe form, they're definitely bad enough that I have to skip work.
0	Errr.  I'm sorry, but no.  I swear to god that I'm going to bridge this communication gap if it's the last thing I do.  There are no subliminal messages in Adventure Time, that I know of.  And if there  are  subliminal messages, we wouldn't know, because they would be subliminal.   My whole point is that you can't see or detect subliminal messaging.  That's what makes it subliminal.  If you can see, hear, smell, feel, or taste the message being sent, it's overt messaging.   The only thing making you wrong is the fact that you're using the wrong words.  If you'd said "foreshadowing" from the get-go, instead of "subliminal messaging" I wouldn't have said a damn thing.
0	the tongue and mouth provide a direct sensory pathway to the brain, which would influence "palate" and taste aversions.   However, in terms of overall avoidances, taste would also play a role in terms of the effects of the alcohol (in the brain) compared to that on the receptors of the sensory afferents (on the tongue)
1	Even if he only responded to people who flamed him and his bann (not the content bann) was unjustified -> doesn't matter. By creating an account, you express your accept to the supremacy of mods and admins. If they tell you to stop, you stop or you argue with them privately (there are several ways to do this, and as a well-known user, there is no chance that they won't listen to you). If you don't manage to convince them, you just accept the unfairness of the mod team and stay away from the forum.   One could argue, that r/lol is that big and important, that it is basically a part of the general lol-infrastructure, meaning the mod/admin team has the responsibility to make sure, r/lol is accessable to use for making business. In this case: RL fucked up even harder, or could you imagine a case in which walmart ,,bans'' (holy shit, my english sucks) a person who gets involved in trouble everytime he walks into a store and then goes to court to bring the store management to fall?
0	Are you sitting comfortably? This one's a bit of a lengthy read, and I'm not doing a
0	It's more about not being able to force yourself through it without enjoying it. If you had to memorize the first line by tomorrow I am sure you would still be able to without too much hassle.  Someone with ADHD wont have that level of control over their dopamine levels that the result will usually be difficult to almost impossible for them to achieve, which usually results in them giving up. People with ADD however have what would seem a little more control, but still suffer from a dopamine deficiency making us inattentive to things outside our focus. Kind of like doubling your regular jogging time, after a while it will become a struggle and you will consider just giving up and going home because your not used to that extended distance. In this analogy a normal person would be able to push themselves over the finishing line each time without too much physical exertion, and an ADD person would still sometimes get across but it took everything they had to get there. While in other cases ADD people with skills they enjoy are likely to make the normal persons effort seem like physical exertion.
0	We used to always camping every year with some family friends.   One year we just stopped going. And when I asked my parents my mum was like, we don't like them anymore. Last year my dad finaly told me that he found out one of the dads beat his wife sometimes and that dad had threatened (but in a serious way) to kill him at the camp.   My dad is not one of those guys you fuck with, 6'4 and 120kg. None of the the other dads stood with him, just my dad. And after that we were excluded from the group   IL &
1	that's the wrong way to think as an AD carry. Your job is sustained dps. Unlike other champs, who rely on burst or cd's or tanking, you rely on constantly dealing dmg. There is a reason why most AD build's involve IE + PD. It's b/c when you have those items on most AD carries you do 2 things:   1) you attack quickly (as well as move quickly, which is nice for kiting)   and   2) you deal high dmg when you attack   Criting a tank for 200 b/c they came in range of your auto-attack is very nice, and aids in your team getting rid of their tank so your team can take a better position. Sitting in the back and auto-attacking the tank makes it a more likely scenario that their tank won't be alive long (usually they have cc so it's nice to make sure they die) to do annoying things so that later on in the team fight you can safely auto attack the AP carry, support or apposing AD carry.   AD carry is all about positioning and kiting. Good position is fine, but if you can't kite then your not going to be able to trade hits with most people when your both full health. And if you can kite really well, but have horrible positioning, then your just going to die to any sort of focus from the enemy team.   To end this rambling and give a nice
1	I don't understand the comments in this thread. Basically, it looks like:     People raging about Athene even being here and calling, in bold font or capital letters, for people to downvote: Seriously? Calling for downvotes? Can't you just downvote and move on?     People saying that he avoids TRM's statement by talking about psychology: Ok, so basically, Athene wastes a long part of his video with his psychological stuff which is not relevant to what TRM says, but Athene never pretended that it was. He just wants a chance that the haters like those from my previous point give him a chance and listen to what he has to say. Obviously, it was a useless attempt and he should have gone straight to the point: haters didn't even watch the video or use the fact that he spends a lot of time talking about psychology to completely disregard the fact that he does answer TRM's statement.     A minority of people who actually watched the video and listened to the actual answer. These guys may agree or disagree with Athene, it doesn't really matter, the thing is, they are the only ones who should post here.       So, I'm now talking to the 3rd category only because there is no arguing with people who didn't properly watch the video. What Athene first says is that TRM's point was basically "Everybody has trolls, therefore everybody's Elo is lowered by trolls the same way, and it comes down to what you can do to carry your team through that". I think everybody agrees on that. His counter-argument is that when he streams, it increases the number of trolls he gets because haters who watch his stream queue at the same time just to troll him.   Now, maybe this is true, maybe this isn't.     If this is not true, well, either he thinks it's true and doesn't realize how many trolls there are not just for him but for everybody (then well, he should make a smurf and see how it goes), or he knows that but he's just making up excuses.     However if this is true (and this is made believable by the amount of automatic hate he gets in this thread from people who don't really seem to have anything better than to just order the community to hate Athene in every Athene thread that pops up), he should ask the Diamond players that agree that he gets more trolls than he should to say something about it, or maybe just get statistics of the picks and bans he gets.       My opinion is that I do think that there is a part of truth in what he says. I am pretty sure that there are some people who do queue at the same time as he does just to troll him, and people who troll him in champ select just because it is him. These people do have a negative impact on his Elo because they are not the average troll everyone gets: they are some "additional" trolls. That being said, his attitude in champ select can be pretty bad (at least sometimes, I have no idea how often it happens), he should have learned more champions for a long time, and he obviously doesn't deserve Diamond. Whether he could be carried to Diamond if he played more champions and if he had the same amount of trolls as anyone else, I don't know, I'm not sure he could be carried to Diamond anyway, but I am pretty convinced that Diamond players should be able to carry him higher and that he does have a hard time with trolls.
1	Your whole esports/competetive point is invalid because it doesn't apply to 99,99% of the community.   What you basically wanna say is that people are supposed to tryhard in ranked right? Then write that instead of a wall of text that doesn't matter.   Also, your
0	I have to cats, and am allergic to them. But they're to god damn cute to get rid of.
1	Okay so, this is gonna sound extremely harsh, but I feel this needs to be said.   Why the fuck should you as a  duo queue somehow have priority over other people, just because "you enjoy playing together"  You duo queue for two reasons. 1. because you enjoy spending time / playing with said partner, you have fun on voice coms, etc etc. 2. You want to reduce the risk of getting that retard on your team, that we all know and love, ie 0/9/1 by 10 minutes, who's constantly flaming the jungler for not ganking.
1	Place a pink in your jungle befroe you buy your last item.     2-3 Sweepers on a team is good since the other team will again have the same problem with lack of wards as you.     With sightstone and 2-3 ward trinkets you shoud have 5-6 wards on the map at most times along with at least 2 pinks if people are doing their job.     If they made the game where it was light up "like a christmas tree" late game there would be 0 chance that a team that is behind could catch someone out to get chance to 5v4 for the win. At that point it would come down to who had the better poke/dive comp to end the game.
1	Yellowstar has been my favourite player for a while now. There aren't many players who could swap roles so seamlessly and even surpass the level they were on before, although you could argue that support is where he always belonged. The guys mentality is fantastic which is reflected in interviews and by his weight loss. I hope Fnatic can stay consistent and put in a good showing at worlds this year because he really deserves it.
1	I never said I was assuming that you said she is bad, only that what you wrote could have been suggesting that she sucked. So, in other words..
0	Please, allow me to inform you of a wonderful tool called KeePass. The program is free, and it will allow you to store all of your passwords in a secure fashion behind a master password. KeePass further enables you to create secure and random (pros read: pseudo-random) passwords for your Facebook, bank, Gmail, Tumblr, etc.   I am guessing that your OAG will not be able to easily remember that, "Dkljeru3hri23rb332rsdfkjwejr3" is your Facebook password and, "lkjk3439483i4j3b]][][]  ] [ ]3842uyo3uh" is the one for your Tumblr or whatever the kids are into these days.
1	I'm in bronze 2 almost bronze 1 and I usually try to get mid. Like you said we are only good at a handful of champions at BEST. So then, which champs should you learn? For me I'm trying to learn champs that counters champs that would counter the ones I main. For example my best mid champ is swain. Rarely lose with him in general. Then if the other team picks a fizz (fairly good counter to swain) then I can pick ryze instead, who I'm practicing with ATM.   My advice would be whatever lane you want to main at learn a wide variety of champs. If I were to play only squishy glass cannon mids then all it takes is some champ with a decent cc to counter ALL my champs.   I'm pretty consistent with winning my lane this way. My three best ap mids are swain anivia and ryze in that order. I might also add that they all have some form of cc. Good with any team comp.
1	Hold on i think i'm missing the point to this entire argument. your saying league of legends is a bad game because of the fact it creates interesting animations and objects for a game that they created and its bad because it tries to sell all these things to us. I forgot about call of duty and there vast array of map packs.   Hold on i'm still lost i think. Whats the point of creating a game if you aren't looking to make something interesting addictive entertaining and money making.   I think you really need to reconsider your argument, considering nearly everything in our life is based off supply and demand which is roughly what your going on about. To me if you refuse to actually play the game and get to a high enough bracket within the game you are unable to make a comment on whether the game is good or bad.   Explain what you mean by "nevermind that it has as much depth as your average tablet game." Because i have yet to see a tablet game that requires all of the aspects league of legends requires, such as strategy, reactions and decisive logical thinking, within a group of 10 people in real time.   I think your more than welcome to come here and say that you dislike this game but i think you are completely out of your depth saying this is a bad game. Example i hate counter strike with a passion, furiously hate it but that doesn't make it a bad game now does it. considering the amount of people that spent money on it and played it, obviously the argument that its a great game and fulfilled its desired role within the game industry can be made.
0	My buddy was never a good student, but definitely one of the smartest guys I know. In high school calculus, he would plow through a test and get a near perfect score. One test, he was taking longer than usual. After class, I asked him about it, curious as to what the hold up was. He said he forgot the material and had to reteach himself the past 2 weeks' worth of lessons.   The teacher marked one of his problems wrong, simply because he didn't use her method, but rather one he made up on his own. After arguing with the teacher for a good 30 minutes, they decided to look it up and see if his new method was a viable solution. Turns out, not 5 years earlier, a man earned the Nobel Prize in mathematics for proving this method existed and worked.
0	I always hated those kids whether it was games or figures.   The only friend I ever lent games to was one that also worked hard (cutting other people's lawns, pet sitting, etc) to earn money and buy his own games.   I had lent him a game once a long time ago, and I guess he lost the manual, but as a kid I wasn't too bothered (had the players guide), and he was genuinely sorry about it. Years later when we were in college he shows up with the missing manual. "Dude! I found it!" He found it when cleaning out some old Nintendo Powers from his closet. He had suspected his mom might have thrown it out, but he took the blame as a kid, and it looks like she probably just grabbed it and put it in a pile of other game magazines when moving stuff out of the way. I was impressed he remembered (I had pretty much forgotten it).
0	This. Last week, when DelMarVaPa lost power for a few days, it was hot. Our parents heard up to a week without power, so we went generator searching. After an hour of driving and calling, someone told us that basically all those states were out of generators. My parents made a 5 hour trip to get a generator. It was well worth it, seeing as we just got power back today.
0	France used to have 110V. even if there is no longer discrepancies between the voltage used now, it was a time where this wasn't true. As you can't simply decide to change all the outlet of a country at once, making difficulties with difference between houses all all others shitty situations, you keep your outlets design, even if they were used as safty measure that are no longer required. quoting your wiki article : " Plugs and sockets are designed as a system to meet standards for safety and reliability."
0	look at how fucking stupid you are.  I wish I could rub your nose in your own stupidity.   Please read the comments here to see just how fucking stupid you are.
1	I love LoL because LoL is a solid game, it's varied (80 Champs is a lot), it's interesting, it's deep. Every time I get bored I discover a new champ and fall in love again (Hello Orianna!). Say what you will about Riot but I think they do a good job. The game is more balanced than ever and they have really good community relations.
0	Sorry OP, that's not completely fair, let me explain:   My rush hour experience: I tend to drive 5 mph over the speed limit, when traffic is light enough to allow for it, whereas people in the right lane are often driving the speed limit or sometimes less. So, I generally use the left lane (in the US the left lanes are for passing and faster vehicles). I always leave the legal distance required between me and the car in front of me, so that I don't rear end somebody. This also allows me to not have to hit my brakes in response to every little break tap the person in front of me does, which saves on brake wear, improves gas milage, and prevents the people behind me from having to hit their brakes as often.   So, what's the problem with this? The assholes behind me are angry that I've given the legal distance between me and the car in front of me. They're tailgating me, angrily, wondering why the fuck I'm not tailgating the person in front of me. So they get in the right lane, pass me, then get in front of me, causing me to have to slow down a bit to allow the proper legal distance between me and them. And as you might have guessed, this pisses off the new person who is behind me, tailgating me. And thus the cycle continues.   I had this happening to me yesterday, and I timed how long it would take me at my current speed to get to the place on the road that would position me in to be tailgating the person in front of me, and it was about 2 seconds. So I have a bunch of douchebags angry and passing me to save themselves 2 seconds on their drive home, at the expense of their safety and others around them.
0	As a waitress, I HATE teenagers. 15 to 17 year olds that come as a group with no parents. So annoying and takes forever to order.  Then leaves barely any tip. I worked at my in laws Mexico resturaunt and a Hitachi spanish class came in. I was their lucky waitress. Huge pain in my ads especially hearing their terrible try and Spanish.  Its pollo not polo!! At the register this one girl in particular had a $9 and some change tab. Gave me a $10. As I'm giving change back the teacher reminds them to tip. She giggles and says "oh this is all I have" and gives me this change back. I judt stood there like really?? That's when the teacher chimed in and chewed her ass out. Judt hearing the ass chewing was good enough for me. But then after all the little pricks were outside the teacher hands me $40 for my troubles.
1	I think an in-game player analysis would be quite cool.  Picking one dominating player out of a matchup and analyse why he dominated that game, and what went wrong fro the losing team and so on. Just my thought on it, I don't really know, if this is what you guys are looking for.
0	Honey, regardless of your weight, he does not have permission to do that shit unless you explicitly gave him permission (which it sounds like you didn't).   It's your life, and it's not the job of a random Internet stranger to tell you how to live it, especially since there's so much more to your relationship than I know.   In my experience, though (here comes the unsolicited opinion/advice): if you are making excuses for his shitty behavior, then he's not worth your time. Period. I don't care if you two break up, single is better than being with a jackass who faults you for his shitty behavior. Worse, shitty excuses he gives ("you're fat") manipulate you into thinking you are doing something wrong when you're not.   I'm sure he wasn't always a jackass and that he treats you well (or your perception of "well") in other ways, otherwise you wouldn't have given him the time of day to begin with.   But along the way, something changed. And you are being gaslighted, sorry to be the one to tell you.   I get it - you don't know me, what the hell do I know, who am  I  to talk about your relationship. You love your bf, you want to make him happy, you're willing to sacrifice a lot if you have to...   But girl. He is hurting you. He is controlling you. He is damaging your self-esteem.   I care about you. I was once that girl. I was that girl for like 6 years.   Please don't be that girl. You don't have to listen to a damn thing I say. But if nothing else, please think about how you have changed as a person as a result of him. You don't have to think about only bad changes or only good changes... Just think about how you've changed
1	I disagree with this, I think that 75 would have been a better number. At 60, I don't think people will go for it anymore, instead opting for RoA for regen, beefiness, and the same amount of AP. 75 would be a good option, 15 extra AP and some extra mana regen vs health, it's a good trade off.   I also think that chalice should build into something like manamune. RIP the days of Manamune Corki, and varying AD builds instead of Rush IE, rush BT, rush Triforce. Also, I want dorans and pot back. That was sweet.
1	I would like to remind everyone that the PBE is full of TENTATIVE and radical changes so I must urge everyone to take a grain of salt with any nerfs and/or buffs. If you have a PBE account please play several games with the person who received the said changes (Minimum of 5) and explain on the pbe forums what your grievances are. With enough feedback they might or might not change.
0	I totally feel ya on that story. I finally got a job when I was about 16 and my mom would ask me to go get groceries/go fill up her car tank for her. (This was in 2010, so it's not like way back in the day when gas was cheap...it costed rougly $60 each time) Of course, everytime when I asked for money to go do it her response was: "Just go use your debit card, I promise I'll put more in your account."   Needless to say, she never did put more in my account. Well, maybe she'd put in about $100 once every few months. I was essentially buying all of the food for a family of four and paying for gas on two vehicles. I made $100 a month if I was lucky and didn't spend ANY of it (Being 16, of course I did).   It gets better though, everytime I'd remind her that she owes me money she'd get upset. Finally, one day, I went through, added up all of the money she owed me and it totalled up to around $2000. When I told her this, showed her the evidence, she flipped absolute shit. She claimed I was trying to "steal $2000 from her" and that I was an absolutely "ungrateful piece of shit."   When I told her how I basically have no money she accused me of "spending all of it on shit and wasting it." calling me a "Huge dissapointment" etc.   It's not like we were poor either - my family is VERY upper-middle class, its just my mother spends all of her money on frivolous bullshit. Mostly decorations for our house that is literally overloaded with crap (It could almost be on hoarders....) that she refuses to clean (she doesn't have a job, she just sits at home all day on her laptop).   I also have an absentee father who really couldn't give two shits about the whole situation.
1	What's to stop Team A and Team B from plowing Team C? You couldn't stop it at all.   The whole idea is you don't. It's all a very large part of the politics,  and the fun , of a Triple Threat. It makes it all very unpredictable and exciting, while at the same time marvelously risky and dangerous.   What is to stop Team A and Team B from plowing Team C? Nothing. But what's to keep Team A from plowing Team B from behind while Team B attacks Team C and is distracted. Team A capitalizes on this. However, Team B (unless comprised of idiots) would be wary of Team A betraying them and perhaps would be extra cautious and pull out, allowing Team's C and A to engage, and then coming in to clean them both.   It becomes a game of strategy and politics. The fear of betrayal (as only one team could win) would  always  be there and would undermine any "agreements" that would be formed.   It becomes difficult by having bases and nexus' because then, if in a triangular map at least, (with 2 entrances to each base, not dissimilar to TT) you can easily have two teams gang up on the one, so it would be 3v2 and 3v1. Could be pretty bad. However, if the turrets are strong enough, and minions not OP, early game alliances like this could end up be pretty difficult and really risky, which could potentially lead to some hardcore feeding of the team being ganged up on. Also, politics comes into play again. Is it worth risking it? What's to stop Team B from changing lanes and moving in behind Team A while they're sieging Team C, and getting in some really early ganks? Would you pass up 3 easy ganks when it would give your team the winning edge, just so you can try to take down a tower? Alliances are probably more of a risk than they are a benefit, unless you know you can trust someone. And are you really going to trust Team A when you know that even if the two of you wipe Team C, A still has to go through you?   I'd try it out. Sounds kind of fun!   Another idea is perhaps changing the game mode. What else could it be? I don't really know. One game that I recall being a lot of fun with a similar game mechanic back when it was first released was  Infantry  which sported a number of flags (3-5, I don't recall) and three teams, and the point was to capture and hold all the flags for a period of time in order to win. Not sure how something like that would work for this kind of game, however. But the three teams thing was hilariously awesome and made for some awesome fights.
0	Great job OP.  The best way to be confident is to be yourself.  Trying to "act confident" is not the way to go, because that puts your confidence at the mercy of others.  Rather than building your confidence by looking outside of yourself and pretending, and hoping people react well to that, look within, and address the things that bother you about yourself.  Also, focus on your good qualities and really be kind to yourself.  Over time, that inward valuing of yourself will projected outward to others whether you mean for it to or not.   For example, asking this girl out went well, and to many this means that you are now on the road to confidence.  What if it had ended in horrible rejection?  That could have been a devastating blow.  What I am suggesting is you starting/continuing to build a foundation that a will allow you to truly be confident, no matter what others think.   I think it is great that you did it via email.  That's you.  It's 2013 and we have fucking email.  Maybe you have great writing skills. If she said yes, then you obviously asked the right way.  Had she said no, then that just would have meant that you asked the wrong girl.
1	What about just any personality?   Like he's not pro but I'm sure a lot of people know SivHD. Or Dunkey. Or even
0	I saw your post history and figured as much.   Also, to answer your original "question".. comment, whichever - the people in this thread are on either ends of the extremes because we're conditioned into binary thinking. Either male or female, and no grounds in between. Traditionally, men are associated with the positive aspects of two opposites - strong vs weak, hunter vs gatherer, etc.   3rd wave feminists challenge that and started the revolution where women are in control of their sexual activity, power to reproduce... etc. Being paired up with a male classmate who have a crush on them  slightly feels like it's taking female choice out of the equation .  It's akin to arranged marriage, medieval courtship, etc; and objectify women into "things" that are traded between men. (In marriage, father of woman gives her to husband of woman) In this case, The teacher (authority) and the male student (desires female classmate)   There's also a little cognitive dissonance happening here, so to "fight back" against being "oppressed in a male dominated world", some people started listing "all men" as vilified sexual deviants and fiends through a very narrow, biased and conditional aspect of their life. (I.E. Forced to do a project with a male classmate) To magnify that personal experience to fit the sexual deviant troupe, characteristics are greatly exaggerated.   Looking in one's direction is now "checking one out"; Speech impediment is now "stuttering because (insert sex-related-reason)", Bumping of hands is now "he tried to touch my hand" - Viola, the "Creep" construction is complete. (If this discussion was taking place in Japan, culturally speaking, there'll probably be something about panties, too.)   And..
0	I based this comic off something that happened Saturday. A friend's brother(who is one of the most annoying people in the city probably) was following me hoping I would be able to score him some weed(I didn't because I don't know anybody who deals it) met some of my other friends. One of them is English who he immediately renamed Nigel and started yelling at him about Neville Chamberlain. This goes on for several hours before someone else called him about weed and he left.
1	Reading through the thread many people are suggesting ways to make W & W2 better.   1) Increase the range of W.   2) Allow W2 to target minions.   I feel like the 2nd option would promote passive play too much and Riot will not likely do this.   However, when you look at a range buff.  Zyra, Lux, & Morgana each have roots with a range of 1100-1300.   Karma's root is 650 range and requires you to stay in range for 2 seconds.  For someone squishy trying to support in bottom lane, that's a lot of AAs to have to eat just to have your spell resolve.
1	Not exactly. Even if you lose your promo you'll probably need one win to get into promo again. Considering you're actually a diamond lvl player, winning the promotion shouldn't be that dificult.
0	WOAH! That's a super bummer, but i am in the (almost) exact same boat as you! Allow me to explain:   Right before Thanksgiving break, someone broke into my apartment (that I just moved into the month of Oct.) and stole our Macbook air, Nikon d3100, my Xbox slim, all 5 controllers, the only game I had at the time, Dark Souls, my controller for my pc, our glock 9, 'herbs', and tobaccooooo tube. Luckily, they left the pc and our tvs, which seemed to be too bulky to scatter with, since they only grabbed easy valuable stuff. It was the worst experience though; My girlfriend got home first and called me saying the gun case was laid out on the top of the stairs and called me thinking I had took it that day. Then our 2 cats were missing, and that's when it got heavy, she was balling her eyes out thinking the thieves took our 2 kitties. Luckily though they were just hiding in their little spots and came out when she called them a second time. I was actually at work when it happened, so it was even harder not knowing what was really going on, and having your gf hysterically crying over the phone trying to explain what happened was even more stressful. Oh and the apartment smelled like straight up musk, like sweaty unwashed dude. Anyway, cops came and we had serial numbers for our stuff and they are still investigating the matter. No luck as of yet though =(   But I say all this to relate to you, _tooOldForThisShit, because I too, am too old for this kind of shit. But you're not alone and the mental fear subsides after a couple of days. If you have serial numbers attached to your electronics that helps a lot or the track my iPhone/Prey software for laptops. Also, the cops don't check craigslist for stuff, usually they go to pawn shops and whatnot, so you may have to do a little investigating yourself on there. If you know you have like stickers or certain scratches/marks on the items that helps to identify if its yours or not, but let the cops know first before any superhero vigilante action. You'll be straight man, I wouldn't worry about them coming back, place is too hot for them to return, and they got what they wanted: quick items for quick cash, there are things more valuable and strangely enough, its stuff like this that gets you to realize. Be strong fellow redditor you are not alone!
0	Yup, I work harder than all my coworkers and now i'm stuck having to work  2 extra hours once a week (No over time pay) so i can take out trash and mop the floors. Solely because I'm the only employee(in my position) that  occasionally   help at the end of a shift because everyone else would leave ASAP to avoid helping.
1	Not exactly the same but it might answer your question:   [Will other modes get an update on the shared resources?](   However recently this also came into light: [Riot, here is Dominion's final ultimatum - Riot Forum Thread]( It's manly focused on Dominion but it bleeds out to the other modes. The quick and dirty version is that there's a team focused on other modes that until recently was also focusing on the SR update. However it seems that it's pretty hard for them to actually do anything due to the very limited resources they have. Then Riot Lyte comes in and starts looking through data and giving his speculation on the several queues:     ARAM: You're doing good.    TT: Players keep complaining about a solo queue rank, but data shows that even having a team ranked might have been a mistake in the past.    Dominion: Everything is dying, draft queues shouldn't even be open.     So
1	I dislike Quickshot's casting with a passion.  His analysis is cringeworthy, but it should help lower elo/casual/new players to understand what's going on though.  I know that if I casted a game 90% of the audience would have no idea what I'm talking about.   That being said, I thought his analysis of this game was his most accurate one.  That play by Overpow should have never happened.  He got lucky and decided to just go for it.  Best case scenario he trades 1 for 1.  You don't go into a fight where your BEST case scenario is 1:1.  He was completely out of position and I still don't know why he was there.  My guess would be tilt.  I'm sure Mil were completely thrown off guard by the Ryze being there because it was so dumb.   Being 2k gold down with 2 of the best scalers in the game puts you in an  extremely good spot.  Factor in that the other team has a Renekton and Eve who will be useless late game vs Roccat's comp makes this even more true.   Everything that you called horrible were the most accurate statements Quickshot has ever said.
1	What's the point to having a damage threat when you already have a sufficient amount of damage threats? It's like investing all your marbles into offense, when you also need a defense. CLG previously made Doublelift their sole damage dealer, but changed when the "old guard" (hotshotgg and chauster) left. Previously CLG would play the classic "protect the doublelift comp", but now they have changed. Now you see Dexter, Link, and at times Aphromoo as damage dealers in addition to Doublelift.   The League community has this misconception that because Seraph is Korean and he stomps in NA solo queue, he is some god and that he only has bad stats on paper because CLG is "holding him back" from his true potential. If you think about it, in league if you run a squishier comp with no true tank, you usually win if you snowball/have an marginal lead around mid game. However, if a team with more damage threats plays against a more "standard" team with a balanced amount of damage threats and tanks (eg CLG [tank top, bruiser jungle, offensive/utility mid, strong ad, and support]) and the more offensive oriented team goes even, has a small deficit, or has a small lead with both teams fighting 5v5 in a mid game team fight around Dragon, the more balanced team will win simply due to their front line's damage soaking capability compared to the offensive team's. On the contrary, I can see the more offensive team winning if they were to 1. execute their team fights as smaller spread out fights or 2. they escape the team fight living with a sliver of HP.   Hypothetically, even if CLG were choose a very offensive oriented top laner, the risk is much higher than the reward. Clearly, a lot of enemy junglers focus(ed) a lot of their attention on top lane when playing against CLG, so if Seraph were to choose Nidalee and get camped his damage would be lack luster compared to enemy team's top laner. Now I know what you're thinking, "Dexter can just help Seraph by initiating a gank of his own or counter ganking; however, CLG is known for being more objective focused when they can be. In these situations that Seraph picks an offensive top laner, the enemy jungler will obviously think "Ok Seraph picked an offensive top laner which means he wants to win lane, so Dexter will either 1. Gank for him 2. Counter gank or 3. Wait for me to show and get a free drag." All of these situations are not optimal for CLG. In the first situation, given the right ward coverage by the enemy jungler, they can see Dexter going top, and try to get a free early drag because the jungler is top. 2. If Dexter is looking to counter gank, GENERALLY the enemy jungler will know the counter gank is coming, therefore the enemy jungler can go down to bot side jungle and attempt for a free drag. 3. CLG gets a free drag, BUT Seraph dies thus putting him behind. In addition, with a more offensive champion, Seraph will be even farther behind because he has two responsibilities on the team which are soaking some damage & outputting more damage compared to a tank who's sole purpose is to soak up damage.   Out of the 19 post games stats I looked at, CLG won a total of 12 games. They won a total of 4 games with Seraph on a either a more offensive carry like Lulu, Jax, Ryze, or a bruiser going offensive item(s) like Renekton. However, in 2 of those 4 games, there was another damage soaker such as Dexter going full tank Elise except for sorc boots (He went Sorcs, spirit golem, and locket on Elise) or Aphromoo on Braum (Braum is innately a damage soaker with his shield.)   On the other hand they lost 4 games where Seraph went an offensive champion with Dexter going a bruiser champion such as Jarvan, Lee sin, or Vi and Aphromoo going a squisher support such as Morgana, Nami, or Thresh.   CLG won a total of 8 games where Seraph went built full tank on champions such as Shyvana with Dexter going a bruiser champion and Aphromoo going Morgana, Thresh, or Nami. They lost a total of 3 games of those 19 games where Seraph built full tank on Shyvana with Dexter going a bruiser champion and Aphromoo going Morgana, Thresh, or Nami.   It's pretty obvious why CLG doesn't play these more offensive oriented champions, because their forte is in the standard set up of having a true tank, a jungler who can build tanky after building one offensive item (2 in the case of Vi) and still output a good amount of damage while soaking damage, a strong offensive mid or a utility based mid, a strong meta ad, and a meta support.
0	Thank you. I wish more people thought like you. I don't understand why people don't like letting people pass. Just move over let them pass and move back over if you want. You go on with your life, they go on with their life.   There is really no point in holding somebody else up, you are just creating more traffic and causing stress. It's not your problem if they get a ticket. Usually when I'm cruising 70-75mph I hope someone comes up behind me going faster. I let them by and figure that if there is a cop waiting a little up the road they will get the ticket, not me.   People who don't let people pass especially piss me off on narrow mountain roads. Most people drive so painfully slow on mountain roads and seem to be scared of the slightest bend and brake annoyingly early. Yes I tailgate those people, I don't want to drive 2mph down this mountain road and it's not safe enough to go around you unless you move your ass over. Moving over takes maybe 5 secs out of your life and then you wont have somebody on your ass for the next however many miles and the other person can drive at their own pace. It's a win win.
1	I think that while yes, gaming isn't seen as nerdy and laughed at because it is nerdy, the dream of becoming a professional player is looked down upon because frankly, you're going to be in it for a few years at max and you end up nowhere in society after that.
1	The thing is: that's good, but too good - making coordinated plays/ganks super easy, thus taking some skill out of the game. Yes, communication (telling your jungler your ult will be up in 20, so he can get ready to come and visit your lane etc) is a big part to differentiate good from great players. Or you could, you know, be kinda good and guess the ult times based on your teammates cdr and time it for yourself (if you really hate talking, or that guy is muted or whatever) and just "magically" show up for a fight right when the ulti is back up - that's some really great way to use your game knowledge (you have to do that all the time for guessing enemy ults anyway).
0	My step-father was 32 when my mom was pregnant.  My mother, the cradle robber, was 38.   My brother's birth was very complicated.  The doctors told my mom that it was a combination of things that happened to him after his birth that led him to have autism.  The main factor was a shortage of oxygen to his brain shortly after birth.   At birth, his lungs were under-developed.  He could not breathe on his own.  The hospital had to use some kind of hormone therapy on him to speed his lung development.  I forget what my mom told me they did to get his lungs working after birth.  All I remember is him being in some kind of box and multiple doctors around the box.  We weren't allowed to enter the room they were in until he was breathing. One doctor had her hands going into the box, kind of like [this](  There were lots of tubes going in and out of the box too.  A nurse came in to check on him frequently.  Maybe every 15 minutes, at least while I was there.   I don't want to get too in-depth as to why, but my mother had to have part of her uterus removed at some point (I'm not sure at what age this happened, so she carried my brother almost to full term with only half of a uterus.  My mother was in the hospital frequently for care that made this possible.  Apparently it was some new, risky, experimental treatment that my mom and step-dad agreed to.  My mother said that if she tried to get pregnant 5 years earlier, she wouldn't have been able to.  I didn't really want to know the details, so that's all I know.   I remember from mid-pregnancy onward, my mom was taken away in an ambulance every few weeks because she would be bleeding while she was walking.  She'd always leave in the afternoon/evening and be back the next morning.  Toward the end, it was nearly every week the ambulance would be there.  I remember it was pretty terrifying coming home from school and seeing the ambulance, wondering if this was the one time where mom wouldn't be OK.  My mom and step-dad kept telling me to stop worrying so much, but how can you not when you see your parent being taken away in an ambulance and blood all over the floor?
0	This actually can work in theory, but it would be really hard in practice.   To discharge a tax debt, you have to meet certain conditions:     1) The debt must be more than 3 years old   2) You must file the return on time - if not the 3 years starts when the return is filed   3) The IRS cannot have a lien against your or audited that year.   4) If audited - You have to wait an additional 3 years for that to pass. As well, it can't reflect any criminal activity.   5) If a lien is placed, you're kinda fucked. See below.     Discharging an IRS lien:   The IRS has a right to  ALL  equity in  ANY  property you have. This means any personal effects (even your clothes) are given a value, and you must repay that amount back.   If you have a car or house, whatever equity you have in those assets must be paid to the IRS. Usually, the best you're hoping for is to try an cut the amount owed in half - provided you don't really own much.
1	Bronze] I main ADC, and there is this scenario which I have many times in my game that is confusing.  I have a awesome support as my duo, we win the lane early, lets say kill both the enemy adc/sp two times. At this point we end up pushing the turret. Each time after this point in game, I try to go mid and help, but mid says 'go back to your fucking lane'. So, back to bot, its auto push as there is no turret, the enemy adc is farming, I'm farming the creep(s) beside the lane, as I cannot go deep in the lane or I'll be ganked. Later the adc gets more farmed than me.
1	Every problem you describe is not just solved by throwing money at it.     Client can't simply be revamped because it's a live service that hundreds of thousands (millions?) of people use on a regular basis. They have to work through it slowly, bit by bit, to ensure nothing breaks.   Many people do need the IP, and it's better than nothing. I don't understand why this is a bad thing.   Their support is way, way better than the average game-as-a-service company.   Again, you can't just throw money at something like this. They are facing unprecedented situations with their platform and need to tread carefully.   Honor and all the other initiatives are mostly experiments. As above, there's no precedent for what they are doing. They need to take baby steps to avoid slipping up.     Oh, and, they are by no means a small company if you compare them to similar studios.
1	I hope that if/when they have a server located here in Brazil, they would open the transfer once again. At the current situation, I am not inclined to transfer.   Using Oi/BrTelecom from Porto Alegre (capital of Rio Grande do Sul, 'southest' state on the country), I got a drop of 50ms - barely felt, as my usual ping is around 275ms. On the other hand, friends on the same city experienced drops around 150ms (putting them around 120ms, average)using NETVirtua and GVT. Wich makes me think my ISP use a diferent route, or Riot have not contacted them about the issues.   And adding to the problem, my ISP have a history of bad signal and higher-than-normal latency when connecting to servers off the country.
1	Ok im like 1500~ at the moment net gain of around +80 elo in last 12~ games. Whats the best way to stop someone from raging, if someone is doing poorly in their lane there is always someone who ignores the reasons why (such as jungler camping their lane, lane partner got fed by someone else, counter picked hard). The type of raging usually consists of:   1) Someone gives first blood when our jungler ganked for them( Zomg u so bad omg gg not ganking mid anymore) Pretend you are mid and he died because he dived at level 2 but fails to realise.   2) The score is 6-7 in kills and we lost drake and top lane. The jungler is making fun of top lanes poor cs "omg u cant cs learn to last  hit noob" whislt everyone else is doing fine and we are still on course to win.
0	Lol my name is Timmy and so is my dads..... And he lives less than two miles from my house, haven't seen him in ages. He did all me recently tho which I was excited about until I heard the context. .... He is involved in a new sales business. He needed one more sale pitch credit to get a bonus. Wanted to know if he could use my wife and I to pitch to. Told him to kiss my ass and hung up. Don't even feel like explaining my rage anymore. Hopefully soon my wife will give me my own baby and I will get to show him what a real father is.
1	I still can't understand how CLG lost to MIL in BoTA, Kerp was playing mid only for some weeks. Also can someone explain me how such a consistent team such as Cloud 9 who went 25-3 last year and 24-4 this year still lost to Fnatic in IEM? A team that had a winning streak of 7 games and a losing streak of 8 games? The consistent team lost vs an inconsistent team, making me think that the top 5 from Europe has an huge chance of beating the top 2 of NA easily, the huge difference is that in Europe there is actually competition, in NA there is not competition at all besides the top 3 teams, when 2 teams lose 10 games of 56 combined. This means that besides the games lost between each other, they have around 0 competition. While in Europe most of the team have an amazing quallity of play, let's put it this way as an example: If I'm Plat and I get matched against Bronze players and smash them, they will think I'm some sort of god and I'll look very skilled in their eyes, but once I'm matched against Diamonds, I'll have an hard time doing good or not feeding, making me look no longer like a star player. As an example we have TSM, if they shown to be such a good team why haven't they won a game against a Korean team in LAN tournaments? Eventhough they were always in the top 2 of their region.
0	If the foundation is named after a minor Christian deity, you'd think it would be able to get funding from their (extremely wealthy) parent organization.   The sale one one Bernini statue would fund St. Jude in perpetuity, but what does the Catholic Church do? They hold onto their Renaissance artwork, as a testament to its former power...
0	TRUE story: Teacher in 10th grade told me I'd never amount to anything, and I'd be lucky to flip burgers at McDonalds because they would never let me work the register. When I graduated, on graduation day, I made it a point to tell her and a few others to fuck themselves. HS was the worst 4yrs of my life. I was popular, active, was having sex, etc...but the teachers were mostly all horrible. (Jokes on her, you don't flip burgers at McDonalds!) and............ ffwd 7 years later, I'm upper management at a Fortune 100 company. I had some issues with the group that set up Blackberries dicking me around. I escalated and had a guy call me at 5pm on a friday before I had to leave for Singapore. Dude is very apologetic and being a real nice guy, but definitely kissing ass.
0	That's fair, but anyone who picks up a gun is ostensibly a soldier. Sure, atrocities still happen today, but it wouldn't be accurate to compare the modern professional soldier to Sub-Saharan African militias who conscript child soldiers. When we talk about "supporting the troops," we refer to a specific organization - in such discussions, most likely the U.S. military - that has a distinct tradition informing the culture of the modern organization. The history of the U.S. military is far from spotless (Indian Wars, Vietnam, etc.) but that doesn't mean that brutality is a hallmark of the organization. It's quite the opposite, as there is a VERY strong emphasis on rules of engagement, and many civilians do not realize just how tight the restrictions on combat soldiers tend to be.
0	it's not really an emotional issue. You're just lacking evidence. A goal of mating might be to procreate under some circumstances but saying that it's the only goal is a qualitative assumption disregarding a lot of easy counterpoints.   Obviously mating requires a lot of energy investment, so why would we see it across the population in infertile, post-menopausal women as well as during fertile women during periods of estrus when they are completely unlikely to conceive.   It's worth noting that humans are among the most sexually active of mammals and simultaneously one of the least fertile. If the goal of mating was to procreate, this would give us the lowest return on that energy investment (a smarter mating strategy, if procreation were the only goal, would be to only mate when conditions are most favorable to conception and during times when there is enough resources to support offspring)   It's worth noting that both of those are  DERIVED  traits meaning that they  must  have a advantage in fitness for humans over conserved traits (mating only during "heat").   So essentially, claiming that the mating mechanism is defective without a clear understanding of what mating, in humans, is designed to accomplish is clear misstep.
1	Is no one addressing the W skill? I've played a lot of Shen but the shield you're trying to give him is bigger than AP Sion's pre-rework, not to mention that he is a manaless champion, a huge shield that is spammable would just mean Shen getting a permanent shield. The Q changes would be nice, but I'm pretty sure that's why everyone builds spirit visage on him. The E changes make enough sense. But the R change makes almost no sense to me, when you're playing Shen you're playing him for your team. That shield being reduced while my damage reduction kicks in is hurting his overall contribution to the team.   Shen really just needs a slightly bigger hitbox on his E to get played again, and his shield is meant to help him in lane more than team fights. I think that you're missing the point of Shen's kit. Shen's Q allows his allies to heal as well, this assists a junglers early leash, or can save an adc after you shield them and taunt their enemy.   Maybe, I'm a little harsh but that's just because I don't think Shen needs a permanent crazy shield (the 10% health thing is bonkers. That's a 500+ shield for me as I near full build).
0	I have similar but not quite the same situation in my dreams. I always end up with the most beautiful women one can possibly imagine (duh!) but I don't get rejected, the dream just peters out before I can get some good sexytime going and end up awake with a sad feeling.   Of course I don't let being awake get in the way, slowly I force myself back into a sleepy state, guess what? Dream starts from the very beginning, and again, as I'm about to get serious I wake up frustrated as fuck! EVERY FUCKING TIME.
0	Fact of the matter is- it is true. With relative anonymity people don't have to save-face and who they really are comes out. Big surprise- our society is sadistic, hyper-judgmental and enjoys being dicks just for the sake of being a dick. As for mob mentality I'd prefer to twist it to a consensus in opinion, in that responsibility for what you say still remains (at least in the reddit-sphere).   In fact, I think when you look back at what the Romans used to do to prisoners and slaves it's easy to see that the internet is just a more evolved version of it. Less people die, it's not as violent and it's much more technologically advanced, but the core purpose of entertainment at someone else's expense remains.
0	Yes Joseph Smith was the first prophet of the church. He set up a succession of leaders of the church so that the current president of the church is also considered a prophet.   As far as what makes his revelations so believable, one of Joseph's key teachings was the idea that Jesus Christ set up a system of apostles and leaders to help teach and spread His gospel. The apostles were given the power and authority to act in Christ's name, but said power was lost with the death of the apostles. Joseph claimed that in his own search for the true teachings of Christ, God and Jesus revealed themselves to him to tell him that the true teachings were lost and that he was to restore them. To support this claim, God revealed The Book of Mormon to Joseph Smith which tells of people on the American continent who also believed in Christ.   What makes this so appealing for most people is the idea that God wants to guide people still and didn't just drop a book down and say "good luck figuring out when any of this means!"
1	For the Competitive System:   PCPartPicker part list:   Price breakdown by merchant:   Benchmarks:   CPU: Intel Core i5-4670 3.4GHz Quad-Core Processor  ($209.99 @ Amazon)   CPU Cooler: NZXT Kraken X40 98.3 CFM Liquid CPU Cooler  ($82.98 @ Outlet PC)   Motherboard: ASRock Z87 Extreme4 ATX LGA1150 Motherboard  ($149.99 @ Newegg)   Memory: G.Skill Ripjaws X Series 8GB (2 x 4GB) DDR3-1600 Memory  ($68.99 @ NCIX US)   Storage: Samsung 840 Series 120GB 2.5" Solid State Disk  ($94.99 @ NCIX US)   Storage: Western Digital Caviar Black 1TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive  ($108.99 @ Dell Small Business)   Video Card: EVGA GeForce GTX 770 2GB Video Card  ($415.91 @ Newegg)   Case: NZXT Phantom (White) ATX Full Tower Case  ($79.99 @ Newegg)   Power Supply: SeaSonic 650W 80 PLUS Gold Certified ATX12V / EPS12V Power Supply  ($79.99 @ Newegg)   Operating System: Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium SP1 (OEM) (64-bit)  ($89.98 @ Outlet PC)   Total: $1381.80   (Prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when available.)   (Generated by PCPartPicker 2013-07-30 19:43 EDT-0400)
1	becausde the tank meta was ridiculous. How can a tank , who gets bullied ALL game , huddles under a tower , and takes pity CS win games due to just playing as passive as possible and just pressing R in a teamfight later. ITs stupid and shouldnt happen , tanks were RETARDED before teh ADC item changes and NOW they feel the same pain as everyone else felt when u saw a renekton with 4k hp and a stupid movement speed slow (randuins) run at you.   You either as a tank go FULL tank and just soak up dmg , or you go for the one R and therefore build more utility such as movement slows and aoe auras/ CC . You DONT go both , and are perfectly happy sitting in the middle of the team doing magic dmg on an AD champ and just soaking up dmg for about 15 seconds in a teamfight (cough cough renekton). Basically , renekton was the lee sin of top lane , which is completely toxic.   And your argument about AP champs being viable top is flawed, with the fall of renekton , you have people like Gnar , Irelia , Jax , Ryze , Maokai , Gragas ,  Lulu , Jarvan , Mundo , Shyvana , Swain . Compared to the Mundo/Shyvana/Renekton we saw for the first half of this season , im all for this much variety.
1	First of all welcome to LoL.   To start with i would like to say that you should try to look for the "reccommended" tag on champions (annie, ryze, ashe etc) as they are fairly easy to manage.   Play your first games versus bots to get familiar with the Q W E R D F setup and change some of it if you want to customize for your own needs.   Choose a carry role, the champion doesnt matter much at this point just get familiar with lanes and jungle. Constantly look at the map as it will give you alot of information. Knowing what the enemy does at all times might save you and your friends life.   When you are buying items, try to learn whats what and who suits the items the best. The guides on solomid.net often also come with a full mastery page and a full rune page. Very often this will compensate for some items, and you wont be able to copy everything from it. As long as you know the items you are buying, and when to buy them, you are on a good ground. Unique abilities are the same in LoL as in WoW, you can only have 1 of the current bonuses, they do not stack (2 Infinity Edges does not give 500% crit damage)   If you do find the game interesting after some games, consider buying a bundle of champions with RP. This will increase your champion database, and you can actually start to learn some of them permanently instead of going for the weekly roulette of champions.
0	I was a mod on a dAmn chat server and we had the power to ban (must log it with the bot). We once had a mod get pissy about an admin change (dear.lord, the amount of drama that the mods had on that chat was horrible) and subsequently tried to ban half the server when she thought we had all logged off for the night. But alas, me and another mod saw her do it on our bots before we closed them and rejoined the chat and kicked her, and kept kicking her every time she joined, untill she stopped trying to rejoin and stayed on until an admin got on so they could demote her (mods couldn't demote or ban other mods)
1	You don't understand how the internet works. There is a tier of ISP's above the consumer ones, your ISP that you pay for sends their data through these networks to get across the country. If there is congestion at a particular hop along the way, you will experience either packet loss, high ping or both. It doesn't matter who your ISP is, Comcast users can experience the same lag as Verizon Fios for example.   To give an example in layman's terms, let's say you and a few other people live in the east coast, all in different states, and you're all driving to California. Midway through the trip you  all  hit traffic somewhere in the midwest, a road you all had to pass through at some point in time. It doesn't matter that you all originated from different areas, you had to converge through this point.   This is the same thing with ISP's, there are multiple paths to travel across the country, which is why you and other customers from different ISP's might get unlucky and hit some lag, while other users of your ISP might have been routed a better path and aren't experiencing problems. If the issue was truly on Riot's end, this post would have significantly more upvotes than a few hundred. The support this thread is getting is from frustrated players who don't understand the situation and want to blame Riot to make it right.
1	I really like that
0	The boy is happy to eat a hamburger.  He dreams about making the hamburger.  But he knows he has to do good in school.  As he concentrates on his schoolwork, the vision or reality of the dream sadly slips away.  In the end, even though he is a "succesful astronaut," he is sad because he just wants to be the burger flipper.
0	Why not both? I am currently majoring in music because it is something I love. Most people will wonder how I'm going to make a living. I've researched it a lot and if I get a teaching degree, I can teach music (which I already can due to my Piano Certificates). Not only that, I can go to conducting school and become a conductor. Once I graduate, I can find job at symphonies or orchestras or hired as a soloist or as an instructor. If all that fails, I can go to an army reserve, sign up for basic training, and then that's all. I get a solid job that pays well and I don't have to get deployed.
1	About 8 months ago (before  Q and R ration nerfs) I played a series of games as full ap (including runes and masteries) jungle amumu. Went triple gp10 and just farmed jungle. We were able to make one game last 45 minutes, and I got a full build (deathcap, abbyssal, zhonyas, archangels, void, sorcs). We were purple side. We all 5 were in the bot bush by the second tower (which was down). The entire enemy time walked down the lane. I Q'd the ad carry and ult'ed. The ad carry had about 5 percent health left and everyone besides the tank was at about 50 to 60% health. We ace'd them 5 for 1 (I never used zhonyas) and won the game right there. Before the nerfs, full ap amumu was maybe the best 6 items champ in the game IMHO, it was just next to impossible to get there.
0	Same thing at my house. We don't have extra keys because we have a working garage. Now that I'm 20 they gave me a key because I was coming home late too often.
0	Really interesting analysis on leaf blowers in Freakanomics. The usage of a leaf blower is a socially unsustainable activity. Unless you gather them up, you're only ever moving the problem somewhere else. The only reason they work is because not everyone is using them. If everyone (including city street clearing) used them, the leaves would just be constantly moved around, and no-ones yard would be clean.
1	My brother works for Riot and I asked him about this, he told me yes it would increase the memory and cpu usage of your system, and once you pop the client up you can't put it back into a dormant state, just minimizing it again still keeps it active. It only goes into the dormant state at the end of champion select.
1	but you're thinking about it on too simple of a level.   teams aren't actively giving out their strats, and this is why you rarely see enemy strategy relevant bans, and bans aimed at pocket/comfort/'shit that sucks to play against as your comp'. one example of strategy based bans recently was tristana/corki in the CLG-CRS set, because they didnt want to deal with double adc CRS had been scrimming with - but this information in reality is not always available, and is not because trist is OP - it's because they don't want to play against a double ADC comp, in this example.   tristana is not by far the most overpowered adc. trist/kog/corki/lucian are all pretty much on the same level, they just all serve different functions. for that reason, she is not worth banning for being 'OP', because there are simply too many champions of the same strength.   kassadin was in his own tier for a long time, for various factors. maokai is in a similar spot right now. this is why these champions have almost permaban status or blue side first rotation status, and is why trist doesn't.   i am convinced that just because you see trist winning like 9/10 games in EU/NA LCS, does not mean she is above kog/lucian/corki, it just means that these games are filled with poor execution (which is pretty obvious in watching) and playing games into the hands of the team with tristana.   if it is a result of poor execution, then the issue is not in pick and ban, but in strategy and gameplay.
0	I'm not agreeing with anything that king is saying, but to say that women aren't allowed to lust tends to be more of a perception thing. I could list countless women in my life and in general that show attraction to a guy. 50 shades of grey, magic mike, sex in the city... at this point how much or little lust a girl shows is up to her.   And yeah, we can debate for hours about whether or not society approves or disapproves, but it will all come back to anecdotes that lean both ways.   Maybe you see more oppression than I do, but anymore I'd say it's just as wrong to  assert that there is any notable inequality, leaning either way.   I guess what I'm saying is that now when people are sexually oppressed it's more of a personal thing than ALL of society. If one group or person is making a woman feel like her sexuality is something to be ashamed of,  which I KNOW still happens,  then it if that group that needs to be discussed, and preferably changed. To see one blatant act of misogyny and then blame society as a whole for enabling it shifts blame from those who truly deserve it.   to say that  one action, ANY one action is "socially" acceptable or unacceptable is a dangerous assertion to make because unless an overwhelming majority agrees, then it is sub sects that truly define it. One sect may praise you while another curses your very body. There are some who would agree with king, who are misogynistic, but THEY do not speak for society. Any person who truly believes"society" demonized a woman for her sexuality is wrong because society as a whole would never find a consensus on such an issue.   So in the future, remember that a person who is oppressed by society is not truly oppressed by society, rather by the society they know. Simply moving or changing the society they interact with can create our remove that oppression   For example, the friends who doing partake in self gratification. I know it is the people in their loves who made it that way. THEIR lives. Stop asserting it was ALL of society who did this, it was the people who they had contact with, their PART of society.
1	Flash is a good spell for all the utility it provides. There is almost no case where taking flash will be a bad choice. It allows you to close gaps on any champion and is an extremely versatile escape spell. With spells like clarity and clairvoyance, you have a really good early game advantage, but the other team can do basically what those spells can do by building correctly.
1	The problem is that the enemy carries have to be really stupid to be in isolation range now. By removing his durability from his ult, they made him into an unviable bruiser. By increasing isolation range and making his damage extremely dependant on isolation, they made his assassination potential reaaaally iffy. I agree that Kha'Zix is wayyy tp versatile for the meta right now, but nerfing both sides of his versatility is not the solution.
1	I just played a normal game, and said top and picked Nidalee. Meanwhiel does 2 ppl pick Anivia and Master Yi and lock and say "MID". After that we had a Jax who picked jungle, and a Malphite who picked support.   First in the lobby they called me troll because i said i was going ad Nidalee. Everyone was "omgomomgomgomgmgomg" "stop trolling noob gtfo" etc. When the game started i went to my top lane, and got followed by Master Yi. He said he was going top because "trolls like me" shouldnt go alone, so Malphite was stuck in botlane. Yi said he would follow me where ever i go, so i stayed top.   In the end, we somehow won that game, and reporting Yi for not communicating (everyone said he should go bot) felt bad, because i didnt go 1-9000, he went something like 7-2, and said we couldnt report him because of the fact that we won, and he got good stats...
0	I'm glad to see someone say this.  I just read a book on dissonance theory ("Mistakes Were Made (But Not By Me)") and there was one specific part that really resonated with me for some reason.  At the end of the book, the authors were talking about all the implications of dissonance theory and gave an example of some American psychologists who were doing a study that involved having school children solve puzzles.  It didn't go in depth into the mechanics of the study; it just stated that they were testing an asian kid at some point and he was doing some kind of physical puzzle and having trouble with it.  After a few minutes, they began feeling embarrassed for him.  He worked on it, with no bashfulness, for about 45 minutes until he solved it.   The point is, this seemed so foreign (pun intended) to the psychologists because our culture is harsh toward failure or "looking stupid."  The book went on to state that our culture praises "intelligence" (even though intelligence is widely considered a fluid thing rather than a fixed entity) and decries failure but that cultures that are more effective praise kids for hard work, whether or not they get the answer right or complete whatever task on their first try.   I think this is a huge problem in our school system.  We rank horribly.  As someone who was always told I was smart as a young kid, I can tell you that it is actually debilitating in a way.  You begin to think that the effort you are putting forth doing simple elementary school work is all that you'll ever have to put forth to be considered "intelligent."  College (Chemical Engineering) set me straight pretty quick.  And I was always ingrained with good work ethics.  I've seen a lot of people with good potential and less discipline end up doing so much less than they could do.
1	It's not spontaneous. I feel like people aren't really reading what Riot posted in this thread.   From Riot Sargonas:   "The application still has this functionality in place for general use and other games, however Curse has modified the program to "turn off" this feature in combination with league of legends. This was one changes they made, yes. That's probably why you still see this on their site."
1	Guinsoo I think addressed this in a post sometime. The idea was that the overall game system is designed to handle a certain power level(amount of damage, hp, ect).  Too much power creep creates problems with the system itself which then needs to be changed.  Thus they try to characters power levels similar over time.   Take WoW as an example. Each expansion raises the level cap. Game mechanics balanced for the previous expansion now function poorly with higher levels, damage numbers ect. Thus they have to change core mechanics to adjust for the new level cap.
1	mmr based matchmaking."   That isn't redundant.  It  usually  would be redundant in a sane system, but the fact is that most players expect league/division based matchmaking instead.  Similarly one can't simply say 'rating' based matchmaking, since league/LP serves as a rating system of sorts.
0	Black Friday is the biggest shopping day of the year, not Thanksgiving Day, which is a more recent thing.   Also, those who need emergency services or are in a hospital or nursing home are, I am sure, extremely thankful that  some  healthcare professionals work on Thanksgiving.  It'd be a hell of a thing if hospitals with convalescing patients, preemies and newborns, and many others - were left to fend for themselves, or that the Rescue Squads and Emergency Rooms were closed.   At the same time, most doctors' offices are closed, and most hospitals run a skeleton crew to provide essential services.  That means the executives, office staff, most doctors, support staff, and a host of others have the day off.   >YOUR EMPLOYER NEEDS TO MAKE MONEY TO PAY YOU.   Just about the worst thing I can imagine from an employee point-of-view would be if employers were allowed to have whatever working conditions they wanted in order to make a buck.  I didn't say, "pay you" because lowering wages would probably be at the top of that list, followed by a great many other things that labor laws were passed to address.   Finally, it is not uncommon to overhear retail employees complaining about their jobs no matter what time of the year it is - usually to one another when they think no one else is listening.
1	They implemented it a while ago but the forum was basicly flooded with threads to bring it back. So I'm afraid it won't happen.
0	Look, there's no way for the NSA to be corrupt in and of itself. It's controlled entirely by Congress. Congress has oversight into EVERYTHING. If there is corruption, it's because Congress put it there. But we already knew Congress was corrupt. Or at least it should be obvious. They legalized bribery (oh, I'm sorry, they're 'lobbyists' and it's a 'consulting position'), they try to push the people against each other (oh, no, these political parties are for the people's good; I forgot), and they have complete control over who can get into the seats (at least, they can pick between 5 or 6, but that's how republics work, right?)   So, please spend your time trying to get Congress fixed and back into the control of the people, not the corporate overlords. Stop worrying about one of the few groups that might (doubt it, but hey, there's more than a 0% chance, which is better than Congress can say) actually have your (presuming you're not a terrorist) best interests in mind.
1	There is also the issue of copyright stuff. If someone throws up an idea and Riot picks it up, there could be issues with that person claiming it was his idea and concept. There could be problems where people would sue for damages because Riot would basically steal his idea.   I'm not saying many people would do this, but if you noticed someone already complained when those pool party skins were releases, how one of his friends pitched that idea a year ago or whenever.   I think it was in that topic that someone said Riot doesn't take any ideas people on reddit or in their forums would pitch, but that doesn't exclude their actions, if they do decide to make similar skins in the future. Just because someone mentioned it before, doesn't stop them from making a similar one.
0	Funny story that'll probably get lost since this post is now 11 hours old:   When I was sixteen, my best friend had a wealthy grandfather who lived in Florida. He would go to Florida each summer and spend a few weeks down there. Now, he hated it,. His grandfather was a hard ass and all around mean, but to me, it sounded awesome. So I mentioned that I would go with him that summer. He was stoked that he would finally have someone his age there with him, we both had our licenses and his grandpa lived in West Palm Beach which is summer city, full of hot women, and I'd get to finally have a summer that didn't involve sitting around the house the whole time. His grandpa agreed and even bought me my ticket. Man, we were so damn excited.   We talked about it every day for a month. We talked about everything we were going to do, and how many girls we'd meet. Everything was going to be amazing.   The day before our trip finally arrived, and we decided to drive up to the airport early. I mean, really early. Our flight was at 6am, and we drove to the airport at midnight. We didn't care. We were just so excited to go do our own thing. We decided that we'd just go park in the long term lot and hang out for five hours and sleep on the plane. So we got there at midnight, parked and proceeded to dick around in the parking lot for the next four hours.   We threw a nerf football over people's cars. We found a huge spiderweb and caught crickets to put in its web. We played music super loud. We skateboarded down empty roads. Security showed up eventually and thought it was hilarious we were so early for our flight. He checked up on us every now and then but was really cool overall. We had a great time waiting for our awesome adventure to begin.   At about 4am we were sitting in the car getting ready to catch one of the shuttles to the airport. We were getting our stuff together, tickets, hats, sun glasses, etc, when my friend says 'what's the date?' I glanced at my watch and told him it was the sixth. He looked at me and held up the ticket. 'The fucking flight isn't until the 7th,' he said back to me. It suddenly dawned on us that we had driven down on a Friday night for a Sunday morning flight. Also, it wasn't like the airport was close. It was three hours away. After we finally decided that we were idiots and the ticket wasn't wrong, we drove all the way back home and had to walk into my mom's house at 7am to explain to her how dumb we were. She thought it was hilarious.   So we slept half of the day, drove back to the airport with a tenth of the enthusiasm the following morning at like 2am and were all messed up with our sleep by the time we got to Florida.  Really though it ended up being a sign of things to come. The trip sucked. His grandpa made us do like four hours of yard work every day for the first five days of our two week trip. Then, a hurricane popped up and his mom made us both come home six days in.
1	Sry but
1	Keep no streamers. If they want to advertise their stream they can do it with youtube videos and highlights that they are still allowed to post. For instance even though I don't enjoy Piece_of_Sheet's stream he obviously shows some high quality fiddle play in his highlights and if I'm aware it exists. Just allowing people to throw up a link to twitch.tv is lazy and the streams that are popular (and everybody already knows about) will be upvoted while the smaller streamers (the ones who need more viewers) will just be downvoted/ignored.
0	I view the world in a black and white way? You view the world in a fucking sparkle and glittered filled pink sheen then. People DON'T learn from their mistakes. People are cold, heartless, fickle creatures that only care about the moment they live in. Oh- and just so you know? I actually DO think someone that kills another human from drunk driving should be executed, I see it as the same thing as first degree murder. So, yeah, that actually sounds like a fucking AWESOME idea.   I will NOT empathize with someone that wont' empathize with everyone else around them by getting in a car hammered. Altering your perception and getting into a device that can kill people is a brazenly selfish act that endangers EVERYONE in the area's life.   Yeah, I'm being cold and heartless too, and I fucking know that, but I've never pretended that I'm a caring understanding individual either.   Oh- and that alcoholic thing? Yeah, that could have been worded better, how about this. "Alcoholics might not make up all DUI drivers, but I've dealt with enough of them that ANYONE who drinks and makes a stupid choice that puts others in danger has lost my respect."  I'd much rather empathize with someone who gives a shit about other people.
0	It will come out, often in cynism and sarcasm, sometimes even in anger and aggression or escapism like drinking or doing drugs. A friend of mine had this for a long time and got really depressed even though his life was good to him. Eventually he almost split up with his wife (with 2 kids) and it all bursted. They did, fortunately, decide to see someone, both together and seperate, and are working on it.  It's a long process, but he already feels lots better.
0	I suggest you visit your local library, and avail yourself of the 900 section.   "Giving the game away" works in the police's favor.  I am honestly shocked I even have to write that sentence.   Consider this:  People are disappearing.  The populace suspects the police.  Members of the populace begin to ask questions.  Those people have now disappeared.  Is "The Game" given away?  Most assuredly.  And what is the lesson?   Don't ask questions or you will disappear.   This has worked fantastically well everywhere it has been tried--for the police.   Nothing that you have issues wit has anything to do with the police, but the media who reports it and those who consume it.   The police are now, and should be, required to report who they question and who they arrest.  How the public reacts to that is not their problem, and in no way should that be legislated.   You do understand that you are suggesting limiting free speech, right?   Everything the police do should be 100% transparent.  All of it, names included (unless the suspect is a minor).  That is exactly what we have, and that is exactly how it should be.   Identity details are the key point.  The government must say EXACTLY who they have and why.   It is far easier to fight a bad reputation than it is a prison sentence without cause, in the dark, in anonymity.  I am sure you are aware of the phrase "lock them up and throw awy the key", no?   Imagine that phrase when nobody knows you have even been arrested, and the only people asking questions are your immediate family, and if they get too mouthy they vanish, too.   Google "Dirty War" or "Forced Disappearance".   When someone is arrested for a crime they didn't commit, it sucks.  And if the crime in question is particularly unacceptable, even worse.  However, as difficult as it may be, there are avenues to correct the problem, and the individual is out in the world to defend himself.   Even in a benign anonymous system, if t police arrest the wrong person, why let him go?  That implies their being inept.  And police forces cannot be seen as inept (google "Barney Fife"), so when the cops get the wrong guy, they keep him anyway because they don't want to appear stupid.   And the only person, maybe, who knows is his sister, who has Down Syndrome and nobody takes her seriously when she pleads for her brother.  Or the family is poor.  Or a minority.   Are good people fuckedunder by the idea of transparency?  Yep, absolutely.  BUt that is a problem of society and THEIR perceptions.   Go out and change them.  Good luck.   It has been shown that by providing education to inmates recidivism rates drop exponentially--but then, middle lass families get  upset in that they have to "spend so much money and prisoners get education for free blah blah blah" not understanding that it SAVES money to educate criminals.   They would rather have a fucked up,more violent, more expensive society based on a misguided and non-existent principle than deal with reality.   But I digress.
1	big difference though. Riot the company has only ONE game. this single game is FREE TO PLAY. that means HUGE server load with profit only coming from a select few players   I've read on some blog before that considering how they keep re-releasing limited skins that they said they would never do before indicates that, they are really worried about their business model. and this was BEFORE the snowdown event, the biggest limited skin re-release ever
0	I bet you wouldn't say that to my face. If you were here, I would be there, maybe. I would assume someone would have to take your place. Say, in an alternate universe, where we could change places, we could know where one another lived. I would be able to find you at my house. Seeing how you would be in my house, you would probably go back to your place. Which means we would be back to where we are now. Lets get some more people involved. I think we can make it work if we include my roommate. I can take his spot, you take mine, and he takes yours. Now we are no more than a fall down the staircase from each other. it gets cold downstairs so I would invite you up. You would see my pipe, you would really see it. Take in all the intricacies, probably think to yourself, "Whoa, that is a POC." Jokes on you, it isn't poo in my hand, it is a pipe, and you're grabbing it from me? "Give me that back, man! That's mine, put down the pipe!" I would tell you in my indoor voice. Whoa dude, looks like in an alternate universe, I would be telling YOU to put down the pipe.
1	That's how me and my jungle play when we duo, I usually get him to tank once early if the opponent doesn't start ward (way too common :/) and then as I am a fairly passive player I just chill out and zone / get ahead and out scale (I play good scaling laners) and draw pressure top so he can get the other lanes fed. I can also understand the other way however. When I play with my other friend he likes poppy. So I gank top a lot to get him to hypercarry level.
0	I had already signed a lease to live with him and three other friends the following year. I signed that lease before he became an absolute Tool.  Upon him hearing that he had destroyed the security deposit he took off, leaving us to clean the rest of the place, not mentioning that sec dep thing. So I didn't see him until later that night when we were drinking at a friends house. He owed me a bit less then 400 bucks for the security deposit, then more for some other unrelated shit. Tried to be reasonable. Gimmie 50/month until this is done. Ended up having the hassle him for two weeks every month. so glad that period of life is done.
0	Yup, I used to think that they were all real stories until a certain comic. Ever since this one dentist rage comic about being about to understand gibberish, I've been very skeptical about comic posts. The OP of the comic admitted that it was fake.   My innocence was shattered. To actually think people sit around and think of stories to make rage comics about was not something I did not think of.   I am waiting for the "You really think someone would do that, just go on the internet and tell lies?" picture.
0	And if you really want to send a message leave a poor tip with bills (round down if you need to) and leave a penny face down. This gesture is intended to inform the server you thought the service was poor.   Also remember tipping really poorly or not tipping may cause a server to work for less than minimum wage for that shift. The employer is only required to pay the difference between earned wages and minimum wage for a pay period. I learned this the hard way because I worked at a really really overstaffed restaurant and some week days I'd make less than $4/hr but because I made over minimum wage for my two week period, I couldn't force my employer to pay the difference for that shift.
1	I felt it was blurry at first, but then I checked my resolution and found out that I had the wrong resolution set. After fixing it to the correct resolution it is not as blurry for me anymore.
0	No, it literally does change it. Both organizations recognize that being transgender  isn't  a disordered condition. Disordered conditions meet the following criteria:     Unusualness     Clinically significant distress or impairment of functioning       So, it works like this.   &nbsp;&nbsp;Having a gender identity that is incongruent with your assigned gender/body &rarr; gender dysphoria   Now, questions:     Is having a gender identity that is incongruent with your assigned gender/body unusual? (Yes.)     Does having a gender identity that is incongruent with your assigned gender cause clinically significant distress or impairment of functioning? (No.)     Does having a gender identity that is incongruent with your body cause clinically significant distress or impairment of functioning? (Not directly, though it does cause dysphoria.)     Is gender dysphoria, a symptom caused by being transgender, unusual? (Yes.)     Does gender dysphoria cause clinically significant distress or impairment of functioning? (Yes.)       And then you go into: and how do you treat that? The answer is "transition". And hey, surprise surprise, a post-transition trans person, how has little to no dysphoria, isn't considered disordered! That includes both trans people who never had any dysphoria about their genitals and are fine with the bits they came with,  and  trans people who did have significant dysphoria about their genitals but who pursued  the only known treatment for that dysphoria  - which happens to be medical in nature.   Hey, I wonder - do you take this same attitude, BTW, regarding depression, bipolar, and so on? Shit, those are  psychological , they should treat them  psychologically , not  medically  - what the fuck are they giving people  pills  for, like the problem's in their  physical body?
1	Why isn't there a vote kick/remake option in the lobby?   Riot does not want to alienate toxic players, they also pay for the game. Hence the multitude of report options that do nothing, the disabling of the tribunal so only Riot has a say in which players gets banned from the game and the mute punishments instead of bans, they want the rager to keep playing.     Why isn't there any transparency on what can, could, or is being done about this?   Riot claims to be the most player focused company in the world, yet they don't want to admit the only changes they implement are the ones that keep players locked into their game   Think about it, I have been playing since 2012, I have seen:     Tribunal get shut down, players have no way to know how effective or ineffective justice systems are now, and have even less of a say than they had before.     A  community , one man, far superiot client get shut down whereas Riot kept repeating improving the old one was plain impossible.     The only changes outside of the game (SR and ARAM) follow this pattern. You don't like the new ELO system? Too bad, it feels less punishing therefore less likely to make people quit. No MMR based pick order now, we can't make players feel they are worse than their teammates. They even introduced "Champion mastery" now which in the essence of it, is just another grind just to keep you playing and striving to achieve that new "Goal" of yours (Same reason they revamped the ELO system, remember?)       Riot will not do anything that results in more players leaving LoL (even if its for the short term) than the ones entering, the only reason they auto-mute ragers is because otherwise other players quit, or don't try the game to start with, all the rest being secondary. They saw that a shitty client and no replays didn't really translate into lower profits and less players, so guess what? We still have a shitty client and no replays. Of course Riot provides us with very vague promises that it will get better but for an indefinite amount of time we have to deal with it. No present results, no concrete future results, no future timeline, all backed up constantly by corporate doublespeak masking excuses.  It's always either Riot does not have the resources to implement this "monstruous" task, (which they do with, what, 1.5B revenue from only digital sales during a year) or they have trouble converting those resources into results, in which case we should ask ourselves whether such a company deserves our cash.   Me personally? I'm not buying any Rp until at least 2 out of 3 are implemented: Replays, a functional player-focused tribunal and a new client.
1	Basically you're screwed. Because of both the gold advantage and the psychological toll.   Your best option is to try to focus on bringing one lane "back to his feet" so that they can start trying to help you. You should try to help a lane that has snowballing potential and the ability to roam well.
0	I'm glad someone stopped to help you! At the beginning of December we had particularly cold weather which lead to a lot of ice being on the road. I live in an area where this isn't typical, but happens a few days out of the year (maybe). I was getting on a major bridge and a truck two cars back slipped on black ice causing him to spin around, hit the median, and end up facing into traffic. I was the ONLY car that stopped even though it happened behind me and there were 4 or 5 other cars in the group. I pulled over 1/4 mile up and just sprinted back to his car to see if he was ok. I still cannot comprehend how no one else stopped to help after it happened!   Because the way the car ended up after stopping, it couldn't be moved and the driver was facing into oncoming traffic in such a manner that if another car didn't notice the crash and hit him, the driver would have died. I was worried that a driver in shock might not safely exit the vehicle so I felt someone really needed to check on him ASAP. The driver started to try to make the car reverse, but it wasn't going anywhere. I didn't think he could see me yet (and I wasn't about to get too close to a vehicle with a driver in shock still trying to operate it) so I stood in the middle of the 3 lane bridge yelling at him to turn off his vehicle so that I can approach. Sadly, I had lost my voice from a cold so it was hard for me to get out enough noise to get his attention. While I was doing this, I was running back and forth between the middle of the 3 lane bridge and the other side of the road because cars wouldn't even slow down for me. No other car stopped to help me while I was standing in the middle of the road, nothing.   I was finally able to get his attention and he stopped trying to reverse the car, then I approached him and asked him if he felt injured and whether he thought he could move to the other side of the road. He really was positioned such that he was in serious danger staying in the car and was in too much shock to understand that. Right as I started dialing 911 and we were crossing the road, a Sheriff happened to be driving by and stopped. The guy was so shaken he couldn't find his cellphone so I let him use mine, gave my information to the officer and went on my way to the gym. I lost maybe 20 minutes out of my day, but I know it meant the world to that guy that someone was there to help him. As each car passed by me all I could think was, "Where the fuck do you have to be that is so important you can't be bothered to check on another human being?"   Oh and disclaimer before someone tries to tell me I'm stupid for not immediately calling 911: I know, I get it. I truly believe the driver was in danger because his lights were barely visible and it was still dark out. If another car saw that crash last minute and hit the vehicle, that driver would have been dead. I carefully weighed the risk and at the end of the day, for me, it was more important to get the other driver out of danger than to just sit back and wait for the police. During the whole ordeal I was VERY cautious and smart about my actions (as much as is possible when playing human Frogger).   Edit:
0	As someone who's mother did this to me when I was a kid (4th grade-ish), I strongly advise against this.   When my mom did this to me, it was on a trip to our cottage, which is two and a half hours from our house and it was going to be a while before I could escape. I already kind of knew what sex was, but only enough to know that there was no way in fuck I wanted to talk to my mom about it. She started by telling me she wanted to talk about sex, then asked me if I knew what it was. I mumbled yes, and then she asked me to explain to her what it was. I started getting severely anxious, and began forcing myself to cry. Finally, i was crying enough to get her to stop and the rest of the car ride continued in silence. For the next three years plus, i refused to ride in a car alone with her, and I would always invite my younger sister to go with me when I had to go somewhere with my mom. I knew she wouldn't try that shit again with my little sister, and was able to insulate myself from further 'car talks.'
0	It's not acceptable, but as a smoker we don't give a fuck about our bodies. Why do you think we'd give a fuck about the earth? Quit whining like you've never tossed trash in the streets.
1	With the level 1 ward totem (pre level 9) you can place a  60  second ward every  120  seconds, so a maximum of 1 ward placed at any time. You get  no vision from your trinket 50% of the time  (the time between your ward timing out and trinket coming off cooldown)   With the level 2 ward totem (level 9+) you can place a  120  second ward every  120  seconds, so a maximum of 2 wards placed which can be maintained 100% of the time (if you ward immediately when your trinket comes off cooldown). Not bad right?   Wrong. Level 3, the big daddy. With the level 3 ward totem (250g) can place place a  180  second ward (a real 75g ward for FREE) every  60  seconds (SIXTY, half the cooldown of the other totems!), so a maximum of 3 wards placed which can be maintained 100% of the time. EVEN IF you don't ward immediately when the trinket comes off cooldown, thanks to the charges. If you ward once a minute,  it is gold efficient after 3 and a half minutes , or 4 wards.
1	See all my mains are supports, and since, apparently, nobody likes to play them, I have no problem. I also hate how people are obsessed with k/d (resason for people not play supports) and "Kill Stealing"(what people yell when I get a ocasional kill as a support) If you were going to get that kill, you get gold and xp for an assist. Your k/d means nothing if you lose, it just means that you're the best loser. As with the calling, I don't yell "SUPPORT," I say "anyone have a problem with me going support?" you know, like a rational human.
0	The unfortunate fact of the matter is that being a teacher is a highly desirable job, which is why they are payed so little. It's simple economics: The supply is way bigger than the demand, so the cost goes down.   The military, on the other hand, does not have gobs of recruits looking for a few openings. So recruits are actively sought after, and they do not even have the benefit (many times) of increased wages due to a high-demand position. Throw in the fact that they're constantly at risk of death, and I simply don't see how you can't be thankful. Even if they were idiots in high school, that doesn't make the risk any less possible. Personally, it's the huge risk for (arguably) our nation's benifit that makes me respect and support them. Which is why I support and respect firefighters and police officers just as much.   Also, many teachers in low income areas are paid waaay more than the ones in suburbia, at least in my state.
0	about something that affects us personally" is probably required to summarize up your other core point.   Personally, I think we should start putting abstracts in front of our WoTs instead of trailing
0	To be fair, people buy computers for different reasons.   the average people with macs at a highschool-college level are usually in a field where the macs are simply betterl. For instance, coding, the Sublime Text and Dreamweaver interfaces are sleek and very polished for front end designers. Same with graphic arts, Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign just generally look more user friendly and sleek on the mac interface. These people bought them for their careers, not for gaming.   personal anecdote  I had a 09 MBP in college, my one roommates was a  PC MASTER RACE  kinda kid. Used to just make fun of me cause I could play games on high def, or top graphics. I came to college to learn my trade, not game. I had an xbox to game, which I rarely did. So a top of the line gaming pc, seems stupid to me. Why spend 1800 on a computer that's sole purpose is going to be gaming? The way I saw it was that I spent 1800 to better my future career.
0	Four rights work as well.   Story time: I was dropping a coworker off after work and noticed a sliver Honda was following me for a few blocks around his house. Decided that the Honda might be following me, so I took a few lefts and went around a block. Sure as shit after the fourth turn the Honda was still on me. After I realized that this car was deliberately and blatantly following me, I stopped at a stop sign and rolled down my window and yelled "Whats going on buddy? Why are you tailing me?"   Stupid I know, but at this point the Honda rolled down his window and started yelling "Mother fucker I saw you throw trash on my lawn get out of your car so I can talk to you!" I yelled back saying I didn't do anything, at which point he gets out of his car and starts approaching mine with a hand on his hip. I promptly took off like a bat out of hell and drove to our local police station with him in pursuit, pulled into the parking lot. Needless to say the Honda didn't follow me into the station parking lot and continued down the street. I filed a report, but there was nothing they could do since I didn't have a plate number and only knew the type of car he drove.
0	I made stupid faces at a random standard poodle. He didn't like it. Owner tried to tell me but I said " awwww he's jusht a pooood" bit in the face, looked like scarfCe for about three months. Kind of cool scar but it's gone now.
1	Well actually that what he said is kinda right. Noone invited you to play there, it's TUrkey server, because it's bade for people living there so i can understand that they can be irritated that some 'prowannabe' come there just to show how they're good on diamond, but can't reach diamond on 'notmal server' (I mean a server for everyone, not national servers, like EUW or NA). And no, i'm not Turkey player, actually playing on eune.   Btw. I really don't understand your problem there. U have Diamond MMR, and silver league, so tbh you can reach your diamond in about 20-30 games. You're playing with Diamonds? Oh yeah, because you boosted your MMR on Turkey server, so what's up now? Do Europe diamond players is too much for ya, and you can't climb on? And the argument that you can't progress, well would you train more by playing with silvers, or diamond like now?
0	You're thinking about it too hard. The rule is there to prevent coaches from throwing their challenge flag whenever there's a close play and giving time for the booth to call down and stop play for review, which could've been why the lions coach through the flag. Assuming he knew that he was out of challenges when he threw the challenge flag, he would've been slowing down the tempo of the game so the booth could call it for review.   To just avoid the situation, they eliminate review on the play and put the responsibility on the coach to know how many challenges they have. It's unfortunate for the coach if they thought they had another challenge, but they should already know. And because they eliminate the option for review, the timing of the flag thrown doesn't matter. The fact the flag was thrown at all was why there was no review. It was going to be reviewed most likely by the refs, and overturned, but coach schwartz ruined that.
1	And Thanks, you may not know me or never get to play with me, but I hold immense respect for you posting this.   I started Ranked in S3 as a fresh 30 thinking it'd be cool to be ranked. Got placed B3 then tilted to B5. From then I decided the only way I could get back up (or the only way I wanted to get back up) is by playing champions I love.   For me the stigma attached to bronze is harsh, but I know when I play well, when I play bad, and I constantly try to make myself a better player.  At the End of Season 3 I managed to return to back where I started. So I was pleased.   I don't think there should be so much hate on bronze players, we're all players and some of us are just waiting for that switch to click and we improve massively, not everyone is gifted at this game, some people need time.
1	LoL has taught me a lot about the key to winning.   First, you must build a relationship with the ones around you. First by easing them into the feeling of safety, and then have your friends destroy that feeling by violently coming from the shadows at the moment they are the most vulnerable.   Second, when their defenses are down, you must build an insurmountable advantage by stealing rather passive creatures that are seemingly harmless unless provoked; robbing them of their chances of every becoming as strong as you, as well as becoming so strong that "skill of play" becomes dwarfed by pure power.   Finally, you must attack in a group, destroying vital lifelines that ultimately send swarms of enemies into their base, outnumbering their force. Sometimes you will take a unbridled offensive, that ultimately leads to your retreat. Leaving your enemies helpless as your minions confront them instead of you. As you do nothing than get more powerful. You delay the killing blow, only to make it more decisive.
0	As someone who grew up as the smallest kid in my grade, was bullied everyday, and learned the hard way the way the school systems work, I can safely say that you are the one who is ignorant.   In grade 3, a kid picked a fight with me, and it was my first ever fight. I was small, unathletic, and unpopular, so everyone just sat around and watched as I got the shit kicked out of me. I didn't even put up a fight. Why? Because the pathetic excuses that passed as teachers had always taught us that we shouldn't fight, that fighting was wrong and to try to avoid them. In the end, he stopped only after the recess bell rang and everyone went back inside. I was left face down crying in the snow, blood pooling from my face. Luckily one of my friends noticed I wasn't in the classroom and notified the teacher. When they came and got me they came outside and took me straight to the principle's office, where the bully was sitting with a feigned look of pain, holding his eye. He went and said I punched him in the face. The principle believed him without even asking other students, and so I got in equal amounts of trouble that he did. I had to spend the next month in the detention room with him gloating at me. In grade 3 I realized that teachers were fucking worthless. After that I joined martial arts, learned how to defend myself, and every fight someone picked with me after that day I won. After all, if a teacher couldn't protect me, and I was going to get punished anyway, why not kick some ass?   That being said, I'm also now a pacifist in everyday life. I only hold violence as a last resort to defend myself if I have to. When I would get psychologically bullied in high school, I used competitive wrestling and gaming tournaments as my release. I would never be the bully and put someone in the position that I was in.   Oh, and the kicker? That principle who didn't listen to a word the kid covered in blood was saying? He got a promotion two years later to being in the board of directors.
0	Good lord man, learn how to use parentheses. 95% of all the ones you used should have been commas or just not in parentheses at all. I couldn't finish what you wrote, so 95% is an estimate. Also learn what an ellipsis is all about (you know ...).
0	This doesn't relate to your main point, but addresses the "bro code." The usage of the "code" has evolved to encompass general social obligations hetero males have to each other and varies among different groups. One can spin many actions into the code, as it isn't strictly defined.   For example, if a friend tells a bro's SO about how the bro was bragging about cheating, it could violate the code on grounds of confidentiality. But that friend could counter with "cheating violates the code" or "getting me involved in your infidelity" as violations.
1	You have three lanes for gold/experience plus the alternate, contestable source of the jungle. The 2:1:1:jungler meta evolved as three proper farming champions assisted by a jungler and a 0cs support was the most effective gold distribution system for teams.   Riot decided that all roles should get gold and scale, resulting in the major s3 and s4 changes. Personally I think thats a flawed idea given the three lane setup and the fact many skills are impactful regardless of a champions wallet. It resulted in traditional supports being eclipsed by kill lane supports like Leona/Anni/Thresh or stolen by midlaners as their scaling utility and damage is insane when supported by proper gold income. Similarly junglers like Maokai and Amumu were eliminated and ADCs found themselves losing their niche as the undisputed damage source without gaining any real compensation, as illustrated by the endless "ADC isn't fun anymore" threads on reddit
0	This really gets me. My mom's boss (she's a dental hygienist and he's a dentist) checked out a chronic sore in her mouth for her, free of charge. When he realized it was a sign of something more serious, he sent her to the best oral surgeon in town the same day, also free of charge. This doctor ended up sending her to the hospital right away. As it turned out, she had undiagnosed leukemia. The next day, while in the hospital, her spleen burst (from complications due to the untreated cancer). If she hadn't gotten immediate medical attention for that, she would have almost certainly died. Three years later and my mom is in remission! I often think about how lucky we are that her boss genuinely cared about her well-being. I'm not religious, but the fact that my mom is alive today is an absolute miracle. One that her boss made possible.
1	The ongamers site is blacklisted because they do some fishy things just to rack in the money. So they post a twitter / facebook link which has the article or whatever that gets linked to the ongamers site, where they get that ad money. However, they have some dull ass content. The only content that was worth looking at was probably SI or content that Thorin posted based on stats and information he gathered on teams and probably interviews by Travis( then again, these interviews are just for the fans and not actually great interviews at all).   Personally, I think ongamers has garbage content now. I never liked what they did. From what I saw, they "report" news that basically hits front page of r/lol. All they do is summarize news (eg. roster changes, rumors, etc.) and then quote the source. The same goes to the NewsOfLegends site. They have their own league related content but those don't really get them that money.
1	It's a combination of things. TSM IS really that good. They also are more solid team wise.  They're more integrated than CLG. I think if CLG had swapped jungle for jungle, they probably would have done well but still lost. Having Hotshotgg learning jungle AND integrating a new top lane into the team really hurts them. Doubly so against a team as good as TSM. I also think SV did a really good job of reigning Doublelift in from solo queue mode. He seemed to be the first one to yell for doublelift to quit afk farming and come team fight. That'll get worked out as the team meshes more.
0	I hate when people glorify those that attempt to help at an accident scene.  I worked as a firefighter for 3 years, you are NOT helping, you are not going to do anything that will benefit the professionals that are already on the way.  The only thing that you are doing is creating a bigger distraction for rubberneckers, parking a vehicle thats probably in the way and disturbing traffic, and opening yourself to becoming a patient yourself,  especially  in the middle of an intersection.   The most useful thing you can do is stay in your car, call 911 and give an accurate description of the location, description of where and how bad the damage is on the vehicles involved, and the number of occupants and if they're unconscious, out of the car walking around, etc.
0	Once, my mom was mad at me and was yelling and telling me to do something or go somewhere. As I walked past her, I exaggerated a cowering head position, as if I was expecting her to hit me on the head as I passed. She never hit me or my sisters again. It completely changed her mind about hitting and spanking as she realized what she was doing to our spirits. Yeah, I was faking it, but the fear I exaggerated was based in reality.
1	I really think a large problem isn't something that can be fixed. It comes  down to human nature, Mainly jealousy and hate.   I imagine a large number of the people who are being really negative and are not fanboys will be jealous of the pros for being pros. You see it every day in all walks of life and in most things. People in sports and actors all diffrent things get hownded on for making simple human mistakes.   At the moment its alot more prominent than before because of  social media sites like twitter/reddit/Facebook as the internet gives you something humans have never had before- a voice behind a certain amount of annomity.   It's no different from- famous actors getting constant shit,pro athletes anyone who is great at anything..... A lot of people don't look at these people as inspiration or even human And get Jelly so when they see a tiny mistake jump on the wagon and like to belittle and bully. Its a awful cycle that comes with human natures ugly side.   Unfortunately as much as i hate flaming and trolls as the next guy, it wont stop. Some people are  just ugly (I dont mean the way they look) in the way they act and behave and the internet is a vehicle that can make them say what they want with little effect on there everyday life.   I feel for wickd, Soaz and all of the other pros. What alot of people forget is how young most pro gamers are and are yet to get a tough skin espeically if they spend most of the time in another world playing games and practicing insane hours so they can acheive something for themselves and become incredible pro athletes that obviously they are otherwise why would they be in the lcs.( I hope this sentence doesn't sound condersending) I mean i can't think of any players except for one that hasn't really came straight from school, cut school to play or even just turned the age where they can play professionally.
0	Because people don't appreciate a double standard (or even, from your perspective, a perceived one), means that they "hate women"? What a lazy ad hominem attack. Do you go to a website like Jezebel or DoubleX and ask them why they hate men so much?
1	If you're a highly skilled jungler in low-level games, the first tip is to pick a champ that snowballs hard and has strong early ganks (Jarvan, Elise, Evelynn, Shaco, Lee Sin, etc.).  If you can go 8/0/2 in the first 10 minutes, then you'll be in a position to carry harder than your laners, so that you can take advantage of your skill level.   If all your lanes are losing, just make sure you farm your jungle hard so when you do need to fight, you're as strong as you can be.  Wasting your time on ganks that have a low probability of success won't get you anywhere.  Farm hard when you can't gank.   Lastly, try to recognize the enemy jungler's behaviour.  If, for example, the enemy jungler is a Lee Sin who seems to gank bot lane every three minutes, there's a good chance he's just doing a full clear then ganking bot, backing, then doing it all over again.  By anticipating a gank and waiting in an unwarded area near that lane, you can potentially get a double or triple kill that your team can use to get back on the winning side.  Counterganks are powerful if you know how the other jungler thinks.
1	But blue build got nerfed and EZ's ratios are still bad. He has to be god tier to even equal an average Lucian, Twitch or Jinx.   Twitch also benefited from the fact when he became popular was when the then current trinity got nerfed. It wasn't the VU that made him popular again. Graves, Sivir and EZ fell out of play. Jinx got nerfed. Tanks got buffed and late games ADCs were gaining popularity. My favorite adc Ashe was a thing awhile.   WW my main is a thing right now because of his shred. Malphite has been relatively untouched but comes in and out the meta because of nerfs to people who fit the same niche as him. It's not that people find a new build, it's that people get nerfed or items do. Olaf, EZ, Galio, GP, Old Skarner, Old Rengar, Old Riven are examples of their items getting nerfed or them themselves being nerfed to the ground so they got pushed out the meta.   Riven came back with buffs and buffs to the items she uses. This is actually needed by some old champions.
1	if you are not spending money you really need, then you should not regret, even for you this was not that expensive of an hobby, and you also get the collecting part of it, you seem to have a good paycheck.
1	I like her better (although only slightly) than before because:   She has kept her huge self peel   Adding AD scalings to her kit (finally) increase scaling   Now has more seige power (I think she could take seige queen from jinx)   Also she is  better  (not stronger; but better) because   She has more risk when she wants to get 4 autos off before running away   She in now rewarded by going straight for hyper carry over mid game spikes although mid game builds can still be strong   Disengage can finally handle her lane bullying
0	It's much too common to draw wrong or fallacious generalizations based on stereotypes. While it's intellectually  easy  to say "All black people need this..." or "All white people have this...", it's fundamentally misinformed about the complexities of reality.   That's not to say that generalization don't serve a purpose, but rather that the general public has been told time and time again that "White people privilege" is the reality of our society and so it applies to  all  white people, completely ignoring any nuance.   It's good that we see the historical problems of racism, but then going and blaming all white people for those problems and demanding that all white people pay for the betterment of other races  far too reactionary.
0	Idk. With older employers I definitely try to take a "know it all" approach, but younger clients (under 40) tend to understand how  ad hoc research and repair works.
0	HAHA you douche the kids are just gonna think its tits because the world looks like boobs haha lol jk
0	Those are incidents which people are talking about and you're right, it's odd that Mike Brown became THE main talking point. However I've been thinking a lot about Malcolm Gladwell and "The Tipping Point."   "Epidemics are sensitive to the conditions and circumstances of the times and places in which they occur."   Ferguson was the tipping point, there had been so much anger over Trayvon Martin, and then further stories of other police brutality, and then three black men shot by cops unarmed in two months that made major media by "connectors" as Gladwell calls them.   The result is that Ferguson was a perfect chemical mix of everything occurring in this past year that exploded.
0	I don't think you understand the secondary education system in this country. It would be impossible to fill the top universities with both professors that can speak English extremely fluently and have good teaching ability that are also well respected.  At all the top universities in the United States, research will ALWAYS come first, teaching ability second.  Research brings money into the university in addition to being a critical part of education.  Not being able to understand a professor clearly is a hurdle, not a brick wall.  It is a part of the collegiate system and if you don't like it, dont go to college.  Universities shouldn't be forced to drop professors because English isn't their first language.  Despite our primary education system being horrible in world rankings, our secondary education system is near the top of the global academic community because we are privileged and lucky enough to have respected scholars from around the world come to our universities.  You obviously had a bad experience at your school and as have I.  I go to a top ten university filled with foreign professors who have almost no grasp of the English language.  Do I complain about it? No. I go to office hours, try to have them explain it to me slowly, approach TA's, and work on my own as best as we can. I realize that these professors will be extremely valuable to me down the road in my academic career. I'm pretty sure your perspective has been jaded by probably GenEds that these professors have taught.  What you probably don't realize is that these are also the only people who can teach the upper level classes once you reach them.  There simply aren't enough "good teachers" who are also advanced in their fields.
1	First things first:     My post was not shit. It's your opinion that it is shit. Much like I feel about yours. This is not a pissing match either... (what we are now doing)     You say Peter didn't tell Piglet he wanted him to make the calls and stand point man? Go watch video  ONE  again @ 6:45... then focus around 9:30 for exactly what I commented about.     I point it out that you don't hear the others standpoint (except for one small segment in a 9 week period) because they don't really care about the IWDrama between piglet. They just want to win and have fun!     Didn't say Dominate hates Piglet. I'm saying he doesn't like Piglet for whatever reasons. (I'm betting the fame monster as Piglet has more and IWD wants to be the carry focus for his team but media has not shifted it that way, hence the following problems and IWDrama's bad gameplays and the fact that Peter and Mark told him they were going to sacrifice his potential to support Piglet and Fenix more in regards to gold and telling IWDrama to play from up here (  points to head  ) and not from gold and implies to do more with  less .     If you don't think Dom is mocking Piglet: Episode 3 @ 4:30. Notice the shifty eyes... :) ? Notice the smirk, the mockery? If you don't you are Lee Sin.     IWDrama: "we aren't even going to talk after this split" - proof. Would you give two pennies about a team you weren't even friends with? You wouldn't care how you played at all...     Quas and Fenix have no fucking chance to begin with.... tell me how you could play a pro level game where 3 different people are trying to be the captain. Three different people with different suggestions.... three different playstyles... and three different roles all trying to be number one shotcaller - every one failing as a result due to not one single person being on the same page in 90% of their games. In video 4: Xpecial and IWDrama are talking to the coaches and they state: "Piglet said go top, we don't know why, we have to ask him."       You should already know. Not long after the game is over...
0	Former Army infantryman here.   Not all (or even most) people join the military for financial reasons.  It's simply not true.  Some people want to get out of their dead end town.  Some want means to further their education.  Some do it out of family tradition.  Some just get bored with civilian life and want something different (this was my case).  Some people just WANT to do it.   The beautiful thing about the military is that it is probably the biggest melting pot you can get yourself into.  There are people from every single walk of life you can think of.  People of every race and background.  People who grew up dirt poor in towns you've never heard of (did you know there is a Mexico, Missouri?), people from rich families who grew up on Malibu Beach.  People whose parents are druggies/jailbirds, and people whose parents are doctors and lawyers.  People who have PhDs, and people who barely passed their ASVAB.    People who grew up in the hood, and people who grew up in places where they  wear  hoods.  It's all over the place.   The notion that the military is full of people who are too dumb to go to college or lack the skills to do anything else is absolutely ludicrous.  Yes, there are plenty of screw-ups in the military, but there are also highly intelligent people who just simply wanted to do it.   Heros?  Depends on your definition.  But here's one thing, based on experience that I'm 100% certain of: people who make a point to put down service members and go on about how they'd never join because of their strict political beliefs instead of saying "just not interested" all have one thing in common...cowardice.  In 10 out of 10 cases, these are people who, in the backs of their minds, know that they don't have what it takes to even walk into a recruiters office.  I'm not saying that anyone who hasn't served is a coward (the military isn't for most people), but those who spit venom over their reasons for not joining simply don't have the guts to do in the first place.  And they know it.  Period.   You can never understand what it is like if you haven't served.  These are men and women who willingly put themselves in harm's way.  Some sacrifice themselves in order to save one of their buddies.  They carry on the tradition of what made this country what it is.  Talk all the trash you like, but you would not have the freedom or opportunity that you have today without the military.  If our country came under attack by another nation, who do you think is there to defend it so you don't have to?  I'm not saying that service members should be praised everywhere they go, but at least have some appreciation.  They're just trying to get by just like you are.  If you don't support what our military is being used for, then fine.  But at least have the decency to support the common people in uniform.  I can personally guarantee you that most of them don't agree with it any more than you do.  If you're going to call a service member an "idiot," or "brainwashed drone," or an "agent of tyranny by the evil government" then put your money where your mouth is and SAY IT TO THEIR FACE.  These people have worked harder and longer days in one enlistment than many people have worked in their entire lives.  Just keep that in mind.
0	My family bought me a computer as a graduation present but I paid tuition and got loans myself. Also, many arts degrees require proficiency in applications found on Macs, so owning one practically IS a necessity.
1	I feel like the "Dungeon Finder" option (in which you set a role/lane preference before queuing up) is the best choice for improving the situation we have now.   But NoahApples, that will enforce the meta!   OK, sure, but... more than we as a player base already do now anyway? First off, I think this kind of queue should only be used for ranked games. Since it's taken as a given that everyone in a ranked game is trying (or should be trying) to win, I think it's OK that Riot suggest we employ the basic strategy that has been shown to be generally the most effective layout anyone has come up with in the last 18 months. Especially since that's  mostly  what  most  of us want to play every ranked game anyway.   But what if I want to play something unusual in a ranked game?   If you sincerely believe it will benefit your team, go for it! But you should probably talk through why it's a good idea with your team mates. A lot of people here and on GD are acting as though using this system somehow gets rid of chat. We still have 16 picks and bans to get through together. Building a team comp and reacting to the other team's picks is still important. What "pre-called" roles would allow is for us to use this time to talk about picks and strategy, instead of arguing over who is going to which lane. If you queue up as a Support and convince your queued AD to go double bruiser bottom, then you can do that. That's no different than options we have open now. What it does prevent (or make less likely, at least) is ending up with 2 AD carries fighting over farm in bot lane, because one called it first and the other was 1st pick. In a pre-made team, it makes sense to use unconventional strategies because you are all on the same page about why you are doing it. In Solo Q, that just doesn't make as much sense.   Additionally, I would argue that this system would actually benefit the player who wants to play an unusual champion in a specific role. If you really want to play Pantheon support (and I have a friend who does!),  I , at least, am more likely to be cool with that if I know that you have specifically queued up with the intent to support, and have chosen this champion for it (rather than you getting "stuck" with support and picking Panth because you don't own any supports or because you don't actually intend to play support once in-game). Will there be trolls who set their preference to one thing only to claim another role? Or pick something purposefully bad? Of course. There will always be trolls. There is no magic cure-all for people actively trying to harm your gaming experience. The vast amount of ranked players, however, genuinely want to win, and this will assist them in assembling working teams.   But what if the meta changes?   Then we'll bitch about it. And, because Riot is a pretty cool company and they spend all day reading our complaints on Reddit, I trust that they will deal with it. When the pros start employing a different strategy than we are used to to great effect, on a consistent basis, we will want to copy them, and then there will 45 gajillion threads saying "ranked queue should offer a role preference option for roaming attackspeed tanks [or whatever] Riot pls." And then Riot can add that option.
0	That's...true?  Kinda?  The problem with the statement is that being significantly overweight is so unbelievably bad for your health that just losing all that fat improves your life expectancy even if you don't do anything to improve cardiovascular/digestive/muscular/osteological health.  This is why I like to remind people that they can lose fat without doing any exercise at all, so if hatred of exercise is the thing keeping them from losing the fat, just do it with diet.
1	It's free game. Because that's where the profit is. It's not out of generosity.   Profit is present in droves in skins.   People would still pay for new champions with money even if IP gain was increased. More than just the 6300IP champions sell for RP.   There's also profit present massively from tourney sponsors.   There's also the fact that riot is massively profiting, and has been for some time now. At this point, anti-consumer practices are nothing but greed.   When they're charging €20 for freaking skins they have no excuse for making champions so expensive, especially new ones being priced higher in IP but not in RP for the first week. And especially considering runes already act as an IP sink.
1	Silver 3 here, support main. What I did just to get out of the same rut was to watch professional players. I know I am nowhere near as good as they are, but I did pick up some useful habits which helped me get better. For instance, I learned that to have a successful team fight, I would need to ping, wait at least 3 seconds, then initiate because it gives my team a little time to figure out what to do.
1	I'm an engineer for a living, and while I don't help look after infrastructure as large as Riot's I don't deal with small potatoes either. What you guys have to understand is that, just like the last time this happened, the details and investigation regarding downtime of this nature takes time. You have to gather detailed packet analysis, identify where the instability or traffic issue is both originating from and where in the chain it is exacerbated or halted, then come up with a plan to not only deal with the problem but also introduce countermeasures to minimize its impact in the future. This is what happened last time - don't you guys remember the detailed answer we got once the engineering team had completed their work? That's what we'll get here.   I say minimize and not prevent because if this is not a stability problem but another instance of attempted attack on the servers, it's an arms race. Network and infrastructure instability due to malicious outside attack is not to be taken lightly and anything beyond "we're looking into it" takes some time to talk about - and releasing detail about potential countermeasures makes it easier for groups to sidestep and re-double attacks. You can bet that when they do say something, Riot will have already been in progress or have done what they have said they're doing to bring server stability back up to par.
1	Well my way of thinking is, first ward up because no tower = no vision anywhere near the river. Second, using the wards, you can plan objectives like dragon or orchestrate ganks. More importantly, you can use them to catch people alone, because if you are roaming as a team and they are not, you will always outnumber them and kill them in a fight. (Thus wards are almost always worth buying on any role. )   If the enemy isn't giving away easy advantages like being caught, and you are restricted to farming, you must learn how to freeze the wave (keep it always near your tower) so you can farm in safety. Also you can still try to plan for dragon (by telling your top ahead of time, so their top is late to the dragon fight).   Sometimes you will be fortunate enough that you don't even have to play passive - if your team comp is straight up better than theirs and you win teamfights, by all means play aggressive. But this also requires that you stay grouped so you can be advantaged in teamfights.
1	Yup I had one game in particular that stood out to me recently.   I was playing Sona supporting a Vayne. I got caught out on an invade and no one said anything. I immediately said "it's all good guys, let's get back into it." So as the laning phase progresses our lane starts getting camped hard by a constantly roaming mid and their jungler. I get killed maybe twice during this whole camping parade and my AD doesn't die once because of taking the fall for him.   It is at this point that our AD begins to rage at me, our mid for not following theirs, and our jungler. Mainly calling us trash and terrible and the general SoloQ bullshit. He then "dc's" and doesn't return... yet. My team then, led by my positive attitude letting them know that its ok were only down by 1 kill and that its easy to catch someone out (which we did, multiple times) we ended up being ahead, getting a baron and pushing as a 4v5.   This game then lasts for over an hour mainly because were ahead but can't really push due to being down a man. The vayne that "dc'd" then reconnects at the 62 minute mark, presumably thinking the game must be over by then and it was safe to relog and start playing again. Nope he comes back and long story short has a somewhat better attitude but ultimately spirals into a rage again and we lose.
0	I assembled a desk solo. Of course it was a cheap piece of crap and when I tried to move it by myself (which the directions specifically said not to do) the damn thing tore apart. Took it back to ikea and they refused to give me a refund.   As a result I have never shopped at Ikea since. I get my furniture at Office Max or Cost Plus. Everything there is even SIMPLER to assemble and the directions are ever more clear. Same price twice the quality.
1	I feel like they may have forfeit because they didn't want the other team to learn their strats for the challenger series that they going to be playing on Saturday. The challenger series is much more important than this tourney, which may also be the reason why LMQ was trolling.
1	There is not "0 counterplay" because QSS exists and Pre-loaded stuns exist (looking at team fights), but that is very little counterplay.   Also, I did say the silence was excessive, so I'm not against him losing his silence in any sort.  I only believe that Riot's current idea of how to change the silence isn't the way to go.  I believe this because Talon is REALLY squishy and at his worst pre-6, so at any point pre-6 he can be ganked constantly and his only choice is to fall behind because he has no escape or stun (so he either dies to the gank or stays back to the point he's handing his opponent the lane).  The problem with staying back is that, as any Talon player knows, when Talon falls behind, it hard to come back (such is the nature of most assassins).  I just think that Talon's change should be something that will allow him to have escape (nothing major, like the ability to use his e on allied minions, wards, champs, etc. would suffice).
0	I'll bite, you mentioned "Yes we do," speaking on behalf of the female population, but to be honest if a guy has you back to his apartment the likelihood of an  intoxicated  woman stopping in her tracks due to a messy/sub par apartment is <5%? On the other hand women (generalization) who care about shaving their legs, matching panties, etc don't realize that if a guy is at a point to notice that certain things don't match or a little winter fur he (especially an intoxicated man) gives zero fucks about it at that point, or even 2 bases before that point.
1	Diamond 5 Riven main here:   Any champion with high base damages and solid synergy with a sunfire cape will smash Riven.   Riven owns most lanes before the first back. Her kit just has a strong amount of damage and CC to do that.   If you get through that first back, buy a chain vest, and have solid base damages (Darius, Shen, Garen, Renekton, Olaf, Etc) you will destroy Riven. she can ONLY build damage. You throw a sunfire on yourself and have a solid exucute/damages then you're going to mop the floor.   its why Irelia is a counter; she'll die hard early but her W gives solid DPS and still lets her build tanky.
0	I lived in a haunted house for 4 years when I was a kid. The ghost liked to either stare at my sister and I whenever we were in bed trying to fall asleep and when it didn't do that or if I tried to ignore it,  the ghost would do a blood curdling scream in my ear to wake me up.   According to my sister, the ghost also had the ability to imitate members of the family too. One time, when I was away from camp for a week, the ghost went into the room my sister and I shared one night and apparently disguised itself as me. My sister said it stood in the doorway staring at her for a good minute and she tried to talk to it (thinking it was me) before she remembered that I wasn't supposed to be back for several days. When she realized that, the ghost disappeared.  Those are the three things that really stood out.  It wasn't until after we moved out that I found out from a neighbor that the previous people who lived there were always arguing. One day, the wife shot her husband during a heated argument. Can't really remember if the husband actually died or not, but it would explain the voices my sister and I would hear from time to time.   I don't know if there is an afterlife or not and Im not religious, but something in that house was definitely up.
1	why do all the westerners think that sister teams will throw a game for the other team. Kespa goes through all the player comms to see if there's a match fixing. KESPA even released to the public the comm between SKT T1 S and K in OGN Spring. And there's no reason for a big organization such as SKT, Samsung, Najin, KT to jeopardize their public image and their status in Korean E-Sports.
1	I don't play a lot of mid, but when I do I go lux quite a bit.  Mana issues are real.  Pretty much can't get by with a runepage/setup/ap combination that gives you enough to sustain on mana AND enough ap to be a relevant threat early game? Solution? Run Doran's start with clarity, rock about 40-50 AP level 1 and clarity.  Mana issues resolved.  I mean, clarity is a bad lane spell, but if you avoid all ins/their ignite, the massive AP/mana pool will often let you win lane AND kill them 1v1 as well.  Had a pretty high win rate with this tactic 65-75 percent in relative low elo.
1	It's actually easier to install those certs in firefox/chrome and get them working every time, but usually IT departments give installations for IE. Which is why it seems like IE is easier--it's actually just because the developers in the military have preferred it.   A bit ironic considering how many vulnerabilities a military base full of IE users create.
0	As a man I've noticed the more a woman trusts you the more forthcoming she is with that information. I would say its true for me too. My gf only had one boyfriend for a very long time (I'm her second) so when she first asked me I flubbed and low balled it because I was nervous she would judge me for having more. She did not and it caused stress that I lied.
0	As someone who commutes through Philly every day, I must admit I have no idea what you're talking about. I see this a lot, and it's both annoying and dangerous every time. Rush hour traffic on the Schuylkill would be wildly improved if people could, for example, merge to and from the Boulevard without completely fucking everything up.
1	A good way to balance him a bit more is to lower the damage on every ability expect q ( q is fine ) and increase ap ratios, that way he will need to build more ap to do a lot of damage thus he will be more squishy. Nerf his ult damage + heal and nerf the E cooldown by 1-2 seconds
0	Wouldn't say its an argument, I just made the connection about the metric system the same you said why can't we all just have same outlets. If go to the states, the speedo has Kilometers per hour as well as miles, and I can read...and if I wanna know the weather, well good thing my phone can tell me in celsius and farenheit. I don't care either. I was just jokingly making a retaliation and if people misread that, then too bad.
1	np! we wanted to make sure it didn't sound just like 'Robo-Replacement Phreak', and i already say 'yo / hella / y'all' a ton irl, so we just fit it in and rolled with it to make it obvious that this was a different voice.   real talk though, any/all feedback is in the name of improvement, so i don't take any offense! It's also good notes for the writers/editing squad who has to go over the pacing of things, as sometimes (most obviously in the final clip w/ zac pun), we space out the VO so you can soak in the action and pay attention without constant narration.
1	except that if you actually do wanna go for blue build, u need to get tear asap and start stacking it, otherwise ur mid (~4 items) powerspike is gonna be delayed a lot and your fullbuild damage is still lower lategame than traditional adcs builds.   also essence reaver is bad, even on blue build ezreal, cuz the u dont need the passive, the only thing that is argueably worth is the cdr, but bork is just so much better.
0	I've been known to criticizing that the norm is to keep your mouth shut when shit goes down in a bad neighborhood. Although I admit that I am somewhat sheltered compared to some claims in the comments, I have formed an opinion over several discussions with friends and family.   Not snitching has worse consequences in the long run for the entire community.  because that's when police stop taking the whole neighborhood seriously, therefore stamping the whole community sub-human/not worth the effort, and any criminal can get away with almost anything they want, and the hood-mentality spreads, the problems pile up, the next generation of young men learn to survive under this mentality and eventually become criminals themselves, and it creates a vicious cycle.   The root of the problem seems to be, that the collective frustration of the community, is molding the individuals to what most of us would deem negative behavior. And the financial situation pushes young men to doing illegal business that start out small and at some point they clash into other criminals and you have no other choice than to exert dominance. Resulting in a situation whereas an innocent bystander is subjected to a murder or gun-violence etc. in a neighborhood that has little chance of being taken seriously by the police.   This premise of "Da PoLiz AintZ gonG ProteKses mA ass ManG", and the premise of eye-witnesses not willing to talk, because they're scared for their own life, is way too embedded in the system to be stopped now.   So my conclusion is: If you want to be safe, don't snitch.
1	my elo is around 1100, but i carried myself out of 900 by doing a few simple things. I'm not sure what you mean by ELO hell, but if you're around 900-1000. this might help you a little bit. Otherwise, disregard and acquire currency.   Gank all the time. Don't stop ganking. Amumu i think is a fairly weak jungle for lower elo's because of how unreliable your team is. You want to pick a jungler who can do it all, and isn't too reliant on landing skill shots, and just be godly.   I've had success with Mundo, and Udyr mostly. I'm willing to bet the same would apply to Skarner as well. They're junglers that don't necessarily NEED too much to successfully gank. Once Skarner hits 6, every gank is going to be a kill. Also if you build damage on them, they can carry games well enough.   So far in my last couple games as jungler, the only time i lost was when i decided to play Nocturne, all lanes lost, and we had a trolling support. Some games you just won't be able to win.   But all in all, with easy junglers where there is no margin for error, it's fairly easy to carry games. As Udyr my last couple games i went 13-0-9, 3-0-14 and 4-1-9. My elo would probably be higher but i just can't stand all the complaining people do in the lobby before the game even starts. One more edit: Duo queuing with a reliable friend also helps, it's good to know you have someone you can count on!
1	You read the whole thing. How are you supposed to understand without reading it? Why do you (not just you but everyone who only reads
0	18 years old self with 4 hot classmates having breakfast in a café. Order a chocolate milk (powder form), waitress brings it, I take the powder bag, rip it open, pour it all in the ashtray in the middle of the table. Time slows down. I'm still holding the packet above the ashtray. 4 hotties opening their eyes wide all looking at what I've just done. My synapses are slowly processing the information. Yep, as a single 18 years old lacking some self-confidence, I just poured my chocolate in the ashtray in front of 4 hotties. Time gets back to normal. The 4 hotties laugh their asses off, I akwardly laugh as well, the waitress is not amused and says "ok...I'll bring you another one but try to aim for the milk this time". By the way, I didn't score with any of them.
0	While they're technically fighting games, a lot of people who play (and especially people who play competetively) don't consider them to be because of some of their mechanics (items, knocking someone off the screen to kill them, general lack of knowledge in most people who play) and because it's so, I hate to say it, but casual compared to pretty much any other fighting game, there is almost no burden of knowledge in SSB, which starkly contrasts stuff like SSF4 where you need to know framedata, linking, plinking, your characters combos, matchups, etc, not to mention a fightstick is currently really the only way to go if you want to get serious.
1	This will never happen because business is business and rito will not give you possibility to earn RP or more IP for champs (you earn IP slowly so want to buy RP for champs at first) its Free to play game with their options to earn money on it. if you don't get it, go back to your kindergarden and stop making shitty posts about shitty gammodes where you want win game and win over 9000 RP/IP/Skins.
0	Insecure much, sir? Some people can not help it. SOME. Not all, just some. My biggest thing with you is, if they don't mind, then why should you? Does not EVERY person have the right to live their life as they choose? "fat acceptance"? Do you mean being tolerant of the way a person is, even if you are not happy with them? And what is your point about more than 50% of people in shopping centers being obese? Do you have a legitimate source to back that up, or is that your observation, which is clearly not objective? Honestly, why are so many people up in arms about this? If someone is happy with who they are, and they are not breaking any laws, or harming anyone, then what is the big deal?
1	I am really impressed by what they did as a team. They had to go through a whole lot of community flak AS A TEAM for a mistake a single player did. They had to play on the biggest stage possible with a sub for half their games and still put up quite a good fight.   All in all, SK deserves to be honored. Yes, the Svenskeren incident was stupid. Alliance underestimating Kabum was equally stupid, but it somehow makes me even more angry.
1	It takes a lot of practice. I play quite a lot of rumble, and I had this problem possibly the first 30 games with him. It's not because your aim is "bad" per se but because you're not used to the style of skill. Rather than being an instant AOE like galio ult or amumu, you're basically predicting where the bulk of the fight is going to be in the next 2-3 seconds. In that way it's almost like MF's ult and gangplank's ult where you have to predict an area where you think the majority of the enemy champions are going to position in the next few seconds during a fight.   What you need to be aware of is the dynamic of the fight. Is it going to be one where your team is squishy kiters like ezreal and TF? That means that your team is going to want to CC and packpeddle while you whittle down their bruisers. If so, then you're going to want to almost put it between the two teams. Is your team diving with fizz/renek/leona/etc? Then put it on top of them, but with the tail pointing backwards. It's really quite simple and common sense once you get the hang of the skill. That's where good judgement and just visualizing fights comes in.   As for the actual control of the mouse, that's something you're personally going to have to work on. The strategy for the ult placement is unlike many other skills, but the actual press-and-drag mechanic simply highlights poor mouse control for many people imo. Try to practice fine mouse control and getting it to go where you want in lane, by rapid motions from say, area X to landing on minion Y. And turn off mouse acceleration for sure.
0	In fourth grade I was repulsed by a particular kid in our class. One incident is burned into my mind.   He was leaning over his desk with his knees in the seat of the chair and elbows resting on the desk. With his ass in the air he reached back and scratched his ass crack, deep. About wrist deep in his pants. This was visible to almost the entire class because he was sitting in the front row.   He pulled his hand back up to his face and proceeded to smell his fingers. Sweaty, greasy ass-fingers. Then he picked his nose, he reached in and worked his ass-finger around. Needless to say at this point I didn't think it could get any worse.   Until he removed his finger from his nose, inspected the boogers closely with his beady little rat-eyes, and licked his fingers clean. It was a traumatic experience for me.
1	Highly mobile or tanky bot lane comps generally work well against kill lanes, so you want a combination of some of these champions:   For supports:     Nunu (tankiness and increased ms, allowing for better positioning.)     Alistar (tankiness and a good disengage. Punting the enemy AD carry away will negate most of the kill lane's damage, while allowing your AD carry to run away. This might turn into a dangerous situation for the Alistar though, if they decide to turn on him.)     Leona (against something like a Blitzcrank, the best defense would be 1. make sure he doesn't want to grab at least one of you, or 2. jump on the enemy AD carry when Blitz engages. If you manage to time this right, your AD will take a lot of damage from the engage, but ultimately come out on top.)     Janna (against champions relying on a dash to get in range like Leona, Alistar, Corki, and Graves, a well timed Janna tornado can stop them mid-dash, leaving them with their engage on cooldown without much to show for it. If you manage to live through the early few levels, your shield along with your other CC should allow your AD carry to live when he does get caught. He'll probably have to back still, but at least he didn't die.)       As for AD carries:     Graves (his innate tankiness along with his dash and smokescreen for disengage make him a good choice against bursty lane comps. He can also farm very safely and clear waves quickly if he feels he needs to go back.)     Ezreal (if an Alistar, Leona, or Blitzcrank manages to initiate on you, there's a window of opportunity for you to blink out. If your support has additional means of disengaging a fight, you should be able to create enough distance to walk out relatively unharmed. His ability to poke can keep some supports at bay early on, allowing you to farm up a level or two in relative safety.)     Urgot (innate tankiness and massive amounts of poke. He doesn't have any escapes though, so you should be careful during the early levels, as you might get locked in place and killed anyway. Positioning is key.)       If, for whatever reason, you picked a squishy lane without too many escapes/disengages and the enemy countered you with a kill lane, keep the lane brush warded, keep jungle paths warded, play like a little pussy and mainly farm under turret. Be careful of jungle presence, as kill lanes are generally quite tanky and can three-man dive you fairly early on.   Poke at level 1. Like, A LOT. Most kill lane supports and carries get their combo together at level 2. If you can manage to get their hp down low enough, they can't profitably engage, allowing you to make it to level 3 or maybe even 4 before their health is high enough and the lane is in a position to allow them to go in. This works especially well against Leona and to a lesser extent, Blitzcrank and Alistar. Leona because she has no way of closing distance besides flash at level 1, she doesn't have her shield, and she doesn't have any form of sustain, so harass sticks longer. Alistar can heal himself up from as early as level 2, but this delays his combo for another level, so good for you. Blitz is slightly more risky, as he can still pull you and allow his lane to do a lot of damage, so poke smart, not hard.
1	Ya ruined it! 580 comments left to go with a huge streak of nothing but "OK" and I find this.   This is a sad day, OK?
1	From my experience its 50/50, I've never had the knight in shining armour who is constantly motivating his team and makes everyone worship him but I do get players that understand that it wasn't your fault that you died and try to help instead of flame, quite often actually.   Obviously you do get the douchebags but usually you can immediately tell if they're gonna be pricks and what I do when I realise this is just don't say anything at all to them, helpful or no, people like these are clearly superior to you in every way and don't need advice from lesser beings like yourself so just don't say anything to them at all, if you're going to say anything make sure it is blatantly positive/a compliment or else they will just find something to pick at in everything you say.   Overall I would say that if you're gonna say something, make sure it is either mia, ss or something that is obviously a positive statement congratulating your team and usually (key word) they will be fine. If they are really bad just mute them and carry on with your business, you don't want them ruining your game for you.   Oh and this is my experience in bronze so I don't know what it is like in the higher tiers but I can't imagine it gets any worse ^^~~
1	I am not a rager, and i usually never call out that i am in my promos, i did it on my platinum promotion series once ... I went 3 - 1, the one game i called it went totally shit. And my team went "well i don't need to win this, you do lol" after asking if they might concentrate and stop flaming each other.
1	Assassin Junglers are more rewarding but take more skill and coordination to pull off in order to not become useless midgame. I main assassin junglers because of this,but it may also because I play solo Q a lot. People will discover the assassin jungle meta in season 3 perhaps.   In my opinion the role of the assassin jungler (depending on it's character) is basically an anti-jungler role, you abuse the living daylight out of your assassin's 1v1 capabilities and coordinate jungle ganks with your team aswell as obviously, lane ganks.   I usually play khazix, rengar, lee sin, and sometimes nocturne because I know I can get in and get out with these characters. Your gameplay is to basically shutdown the enemy jungler, by pushing him out of his own jungle and possibly killing him you already gave your team an advantage, ontop of that you should be getting double the farm and having more lane presence between lanes depending on sides, it also prevents lane ganks by roamers and controls dragon way more than the current meta.   The only problem with this is it always does not work in Solo Q and usually works more in ranked 5's(which your support has a hand in this)
1	Bro, I think you two should really just look at how you two reacted there. He was passive aggressive, and what you said was kind of over the top. He meant the respect of the NA region, and you knew that.
0	when I lived in NYC I was a waitress/bartender. I was about 19.  I would work 7 days a week, doubles most days and still not get by. On top of that, the man who owned the restaurant was the most mysogonistic, homophobic asswipe you'd ever want to meet. This man would tell gay employees "what, can you not do your job because you were up all night getting fucked in the ass?"....yeah that kind of thing. That combined with the fact that he was stealing money from us (a scam he worked out with our paychecks) made for what some night call a "hostile" work environment. Anyway, after I was given manager responsibilities I got into a habit of voiding expensive items off the check after a table left if they had paid in cash, allowing me to keep whatever that cash was. If I were working the bar, I would just not ring in a few drinks if I saw someone whip out cash. I never did this to excessively, Just enough to make sure I wasn't going home that night super broke. I'd like to believe in my heart of hearts that those people would rather I have the money than such an awful man. Who knows. I'm rationalizing shitty behavior.
1	what's the
0	i remember when i used to buy that nice marshmallow charmin tp that felt like i was massaging my asshole with a new quilt that your grandmother made. i thought it was a necessity. but then... i took 4 rolls of industrial grade tp from a port-o-let (don't judge me!) and they lasted me about 6 months. it must be some kind of mental gluttony suppression, because my shizer is bad. i mean really, really bad. no details needed. but i wrap my hand up about 5 times. wipe, fold, wipe, fold, wipe, toss. repeat once, and finished. that's 20 squares/dump and it still lasted this long. i think there's something to this.
1	you're rank doesn't really matter unless you're gonna do something with this game ( stream/pro ) and even then it doesn't matter just enjoy the game play ranked and if you learn from you're mistakes you'll climb. Dont worry about your rank i dont know personally what ur weakness/strenghts are so figure them out and work to improve them, only you can do that. I was silver last season when i started playing now im plat1 and it still doesnt matter cause anything below d1 you can never depend on anyone but yourself in soloQ. i think the highest u can get in one season of playing is plat and then u have to put a lot more thinking into the game cause you could get to plat by just having better mechanics on champions.
0	My parents are divorced. Mom lives in Louisiana near New Orleans, dad in Wisconsin near me. My sister lives in Colorado and just had a baby.   I went to visit my mom and brought a friend for mardi gras. The deal was my mom would drive us anywhere and pick us up. We'd stay at her place so free room. We could do whatever we wanted.   She basically made us hate our trip. She woke us up one day and said we should start painting her house. She guilted us when we said we'd rather not. We spent 2 days painting. Then it was moving furniture time. My friend tried to get an earlier flight home but they were all booked.   I visited my dad for Christmas this year. I left early because he kept bad mouthing my mom. I don't need to know how much child support you paid her. He keeps bringing up that I'm in debt because she never paid for my college. I said he didn't pay for it either and he said, "I gave your mother x amount of money and that was for you kids." I don't know what she spent your money on. I was a kid. Not my business.   Now my sister and niece. My niece will be a year old before I meet her. It may even be longer than that. My dad is offering to take me with him in May to visit my sister and niece. I told him I work part time and can't really afford that. He said he'd pay for the hotel and drive. But my bills won't get paid while I'm gone. I called my sister and talked to her about it.   She started a guilt trip on me, too. Yes, I want to visit my niece. I haven't seen my niece ever and I haven't seen my sister in almost 4 years. I told her I would go if I could find like $600 because my dad wants to be gone basically my entire pay period. 10 days. Because I'm part time, I get 4 days vacation per year and I used one as a sick day.   She still guilt trips me. Sends me pictures of my niece with captions about "I can't wait to see you in May" and shit. I don't even know if I can get the time off yet.   I'd rather go on vacation myself.
1	NALAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG GG RITO PLZ
0	I do the same thing to my friend from high school, he's not the most outgoing guy, so i like to steal his jokes, say them louder, and then look him in the eyes and say 'shoulda said it louder, bro; was a good one.' I don't do this to be a scumbag though. I'm trying to teach him the lesson that you've learned, because when he's off in college, all those new people wont ever hear his quiet hilarity.
1	Refresh rate is the cycles per second that your monitor displays.  AKA, how many frames per second.  It is ideal to set the fps of the game to the same refresh rate as you monitor so that for every refresh of the screen there is also a new in game frame to display.  Syncing the two values yields vastly superior quality in the image.  Any FPS value over the HZ/refresh rate of your monitor simply is not displayed in the monitor despite how many FPS the game engine processes.  Most modern monitors of course can handle 120-240hz with little issue at most resolutions.
1	Power corrupts. It's always been like that, some mods become worse than trolls after some time modding, there and everywhere (here too).   Also you have the problem of the asslickers as I like to name them, users who always back up those mods and don't hesitate to feed that behavior with jokes and passive-aggression, just like you experienced ("your processor sucks").
0	Jesus Christ, I hate it when this bullshit starts. First a funny picture, then some text over it. That is all perfectly acceptable. Then, someone starts pushing it with new text....then people start ripping the top comments from the last post and flood us with this unoriginal bullshit.
1	Well if you stop playing duo bot and move to a solo lane then you won't have any support to worry about.   The whole purpose of the support player is to protect you and make sure you're not absolutely useless later on in the game. The reason he is with the ADC is because ADCs need expensive items to get going and are generally the most vulnerable early-game.   Every other role should be buying wards, but you have a friend doing that for you. Every other role has to set up their own kills, but you have a friend doing that for you. Every other role has to peel for themselves, but you have a friend doing that for you. God forbid your support teammate, the person whose only job in this game is to help you, causes you to miss 40 gold on accident. Now if it happens every time and this person is incapable of securing a cannon minion, tell him kindly in chat that you're going to start taking them. There's nothing wrong with that.   We all somewhat knew the meta when we decided to main a role. If somebody doesn't want to cooperate with one person in lane, then they shouldn't main one of the two roles in the meta which most commonly take part in duo lanes. To be honest, they probably shouldn't play League at all if they don't want to cooperate with others. I'm not trying to be an asshole. Hopefully we will all start thinking like this more often and we can improve our community's attitude as a whole. One step at a time.
0	The lunch manager recently quit and the sou chef took her position. The sou chef was besties with the waitresses who were tired of sharing their tips with the bus boys (even though, in this restaurant, the waitresses only wrote down orders, while the bus boys carried orders to the table, cleaned the tables, refilled drinks, and helped clean the kitchen after the fact). This wasn't a massive conspiracy, I knew a few of the waitresses really well, but there were a couple that were just pure vitriol. Anyway, there were two bus boys, Juan and I. I was a young 19 year old kid and Juan had been there longer and trained me. He saw what was going on. Juan got his position changed from bus boy to "runner", a position with responsibilities previously covered by both bus boys. So now I was the only bus boy in an upscale restaurant. This was my first time finding out what it feels like to be pressured to quit.   When I called in about the car, she said, "What are we going to do about this? We need someone who can be on time. If you don't have a car, there is no way we can be sure you'll be on time. I don't see how we can work around this. We're going to have to let you go."   To add a little more context about the type of people they are willing to hire and fire, this restaurant, which charges about $50 for a typical two person meal, had a bakery. The bakery had one baker. The baker was a 20 something, just out of chef school guy. He was pretty cool, fun to hang out with. Problem is that he often left dough in that giant blender looking machine and we would get fly infestations in the kitchen from it. Like swarm clouds of flies. He also showed up when he wanted to and left whenever. Pretty much the first person I met who managed to keep their job just because they are a "super cool guy".   > Late often?   Actually, the sou chef decided to play around with the schedules. She wanted me to come in a half hour early, way before I would be needed for anything. I told her I had school and that the previous schedule I had been on for 6 months was fine. Coming in that half hour early would mean I would be standing around for a half hour with nothing to do. So she changed it back for a week, then back again. I was like, "whatever". And I would have to show up a few minutes late under that schedule. But it wasn't a shift change or anything, it was just an arbitrary half hour earlier that she knew would be difficult for me to make. So yeah, I was late often. Sou me.
1	It's not though. Gambler's Fallacy is the probability of an outcome in a given moment of time.   Winning a series is a collection of outcomes. If you win exactly 50% of your games, each game has a 50/50 proposition. But you only have a 1/8 chance of knowing the exact outcome and order of the three games.   You have a 1/8 chance of being correct for the series, but a 50/50 chance for each game. And the more events you add, the less,  exponentially  less, chance you have of being correct. That's why the Tier promo, a 5-game event (4/6 if you count getting to the damned thing) is much more difficult.
1	Thank you for posting this. Too many people think that the only thing holding them back from a higher rating is their "awful teammates". They do not (and probably will not) realize that they are exactly where they belong.   Before I saw the LoLight, I played HoN, and had a friend that claimed it was impossible to get out of his "MMR hell" because of his awful teammates. I bet him that I could raise his MMR within a week. I then won 15 straight games on his account. (Granted, HoN is easier to solo queue than LoL, but you get the point).
1	in lower elos people play a pretty good laning phase but run around like blind little chicken afterwards and have zero coordination, most of the time. if your team is 10000 gold ahead but your mid and adc thinking they are  faker  febiven and hi im gosu and try to 2 vs 5 the enemy team and towerdive their nexus turrets, suddenly your huge lead doesnt mean shit anymore.
1	This argument, though frustrating from Dyrus' perspective, was not that bad. I understand that it sucks to have to deal with constant harassment from a teammate, but people are not perfect, and Reginald isn't always this extreme. And even in this extreme example, nothing serious occurred.   When people live with each other, conflict is inevitable. It's getting beyond that conflict, and learning to forgive each other that makes a team/friendship stronger.   All of this Reginald hate isn't going to help. Sure he's obstinate, and dogging Dyrus unfairly, but this small of a fight is meaningless in context of the rest of their relationship as friends. And you guys whiteknighting for Dyrus isn't going to change anything, or make Dyrus feel better.
1	no, urgot should destroy kassadin in every sense of the word in mid-lane. Gangplank, Trynd, Riven, etc all just really fuck him up. Urgot would probably be the worst as he has constant ranged harass and such strong early damage. Vs an equally-skilled urgot kassadin should lose 100% of the time
1	This video is kind of misleading. The message is okay, but you rarely get this lucky. For one, he got a super leash and was able to finish blue without using smite and with full hp. In most cases with Hecarim  (and most junglers), you can't just skip everything else and go from Blue to Red that quickly, and then be lucky enough to have such easy ganking opportunities.   The title "Solid Jungling with Hecarim" would make a lot more sense for a standard game, where he can show things like how to  create  opportunities as a jungler against aware opponents. IMO, this video is more of "Lucky Jungling with Hecarim," and viewers aiming to emulate his play would find themselves successful only a percentage of the time when the cards are in their favor. Real solid jungling is being able to know how to make plays from whatever you are given.
1	depends on who the mid is and if he really needs it. on amumu It greatly increases his jungle speed/ gank power so I usually let amumu take it and myself buy 2 mana pots. But if im eve jungle and says their is a diana mid I let diana have it becasue i will regent between camps if i let myself go invis and it greatly helps diana lane/farm.
0	Wikipedia's 'Cultural definition of the Western World':](   From a cultural and sociological approach the Western world is defined as including all cultures that are directly derived from and influenced by European cultures, i.e. western Europe (e.g. France, Ireland, United Kingdom)  [...]  eastern Europe (e.g. Russia,   Ukraine* , Belarus)  [...]  Together these countries constitute Western society.*     [Wikipedia's 'Political definition of the Western World':](   Countries of the Western world are generally considered to share certain fundamental political ideologies,  [...]  and therefore from modern political point of view   all European Union member states   from the Western, Central and Eastern Europe are considered part of the Western world.
1	I have zero confidence that you actually in the games industry. You are a new account and a lot of what you're saying is very lofty and not grounded in any actual steps that Riot could take. They aren't going to whip a new client out of their ass, or add a bunch of useless games modes, they should be focusing on making the core experience of Summoner's Rift as good as it can be without trying to design a bunch of trivial "challenges" and whatnot. Yes, some features like drop-in drop-out custom games would be cool, but ultimately, as a consumer,  I don't care.  I want Summoner's Rift to be good, not a bunch of add-ons with an okay core game.   If you work in the games industry, you know all about feature creep. So why did you list all of these "niceties" that don't help much with the overall game experience? Your entire post would give aneurysms to any developer who has even heard of the word feature creep.   Also, they do have separate departments for eSports and game development. Its not just one big massive dev team that does one and only one thing.   Lastly, not everyone has to love playing LoL and watching things like LCS. Being just a spectator is fine, its worked damn well for NFL/NBA/MLB/etc. You have casual players, and you have the pros. Riot is steadily growing, they've landed the Coca Cola sponsorship, and have made their presence known as a business and as an esport. At the same time, other people just want to play the game. That is great too. You don't see those people here because they don't give two shits about the community, they just want to have fun and get better at a game they like. Riot has given plenty to keep people engaged. Worldwide professional and amateur competitions, celebrities that interact with the community, and of course the game itself. There is an abundance of things to engage people, their platform should stay consolidated and not get caught up in the trifling matters.
0	Civil unions for everyone is a great idea, in my opinion. Marriage shouldn't be a legal matter but, getting the rights that marriage now legally gives to two people and putting that into civil unions while making marriage itself just a personal and/or religious choice that the government has no say whatsoever about if you and your partner can do it or not.
0	e.g "This is such bullshit and I'm pissed and shit and police fucking suck!!! #fuckthapolice" and "This is such bullshit and I'm pissed and shit and police fucking suck!!!
0	The soccer photo is amazing because of his size AAAND the fact that he really looks like he knows what he is doing.  I know a lot of bigger people (myself included) who were very athletic back in the day and can school athletes at various sports.  Spoiler alert: coordination stays even if the body betrays.  The soccer dude looks like one of said people.
0	I actually learned this while I was studying Latin! Most of the names we have for countries are their fault cause they named whole regions after the tiny tribes they first came in contact with, same reason we say Greek instead of Hellenic and a whole bunch more. The Japan's name not being Nihon or Nippon is slightly more complected, it's the Chinese reading of 日本 (the characters pronounced Nihon meaning sun origin) as heard by the Portuguese sailors who were the first Europeans in the region.
0	One day I was walking down the hallway, and the class bully decides to push me a little bit. I had a bad day to begin with so I go and shove him with both hands into the wall. Teacher sees us and takes us to the principal. When we are in the office I'm freaking out because I don't want to get in trouble. The principal plays back the security tape footage, but only up to the part with the bully pushing me. We are both told to leave and the kid gets suspended. I get called back down about five minutes later and the principal says "I looked at a little bit more of the tape and saw this" referring to me pushing the kid back. He just smirks and says "Be a little bit more careful about where you fight back next time" since it all happened under a camera. That was a pretty good day.
0	Define ''standart''. Perhaps your ''standarts'' are different from others ''standarts''.
1	LOL Omg, yes they have Skype you moron. But they don't have it on the computers they play on when go to tournaments and neither do the amateur players that have been getting ddosd lol. Damn your thick. Also, even if they (the pros/amateurs) use Skype, 9.99999 times out of 10 they'll have a VPN up to stop ddos attempts.
0	I love the sound. I used to sing at a police memorial and when they would play several things on bagpipes, and as soon as they started playing you couldn't help but become present in the experience. Something about that instrument strikes me deep down. They're mournful in a sense, but at the same time not inherently morose. It's an odd but amazing combination.
0	It's hard as fuck for me to make a point about such a delicate subject when i can't even express myself perfectly in a foreign languague. So I won't do it. But come one, you can't deal with this subject in terms of F money, or law or shit. This is about philosophy and conscience. You should never say, a human being's (or future human being) life is worth just if someone is going to take care of his/her life's cost, and they will only have a good childhood/be happy/even been born if they (or someone on his place while he/she grows) can afford it.  Nobody sees how this whole thing is insane? I am sick of the civilization, cause it actually has a real parasite, that makes it evil; and this parasite extends to every single human being as his/her inner evil reinforcement, and it's called money.
1	Let me add another weakness of Red side.   Late game, baron time.   When both teams want to contest baron, they have to fight in an area in which three river brushes exist.   Red side can ward the mid-lane river brush.  However, they can not ward safely ward the other two brushes.   Blue side can ward all 3 brushes safely.  River entrance brush can be warded over a wall.  Mid-river brush can be warded over a wall.  And finally, the little tiny shrub in the river next to baron can be warded FROM the river entrance brush (whereas red side have to straightup ward it from out in the open.   Furthermore, blue side has TWO safe options to get in position for contesting/POKING enemies doing baron.  They can walk through the blue buff area, OR from below the blue buff (which is a route with 3 brushes, so it is the less likely route.  Blue buff can not be warded UNLESS red side has control of blue's top jungle.   On the other hand, Red side can not get in position to contest baron or poke for baron.  If Red wants to poke blue out from doing baron SAFELY, they can only do it from over the baron wall.  Blue side can simply back off if they wanted to.   If blue side "safely" contests red side from doing baron, and blue side WINS the poke war, red side has no direct way of backing off.  (They have to walk in an L to back off).   On the other hand, if red side "safely" contests blue side from doing baron, blue side can back out easily (They just have to walk towards bluebuff in a straight line).  This gives blue side a positional advantage.   Part of the reason asians do a lane swap when they are on red side may be to push top tower early and control the blueside's blue-buff area.  It really takes away a lot of blue-side late game advantage if you can control that brush.   So maybe you think "Gee, well, doesn't this mean red side has advantages over dragon?"   The problem is that dragon is an early and mid-game objective.  Early game, the team with the advantage at dragon depends on position of your laners and junglers.  Regardless of what side you are on, if their bottom lane recalled and their jungler is ganking top, you can do dragon if your team is in position.  If top lane roamed and ganked mid, you can do dragon.  Dragon is not so much dependant on positional and brush control advantages as it is about positioning.  Furthermore, brush control and knowing the enemy position is much easier early game, because you can see who is laning, who isn't laning, and where the creep wave is, etc... this makes warding easier and facechecking to your demise less prevalent.
1	I wouldn't just straight out say better but he is more innovative and diverse than the rest of the scene especially NA he Jayce/Jarvan mid even before finals and has a really good sense of how to initiate since he plays bruisers at a very high level but lacks in the mechanics/decisions side.
1	I'll be honest and say that I don't even think 2.5 seconds is enough to run 5 people past a turret, unless they have someone like ori or jayce. and even then maybe not so much. I liked the idea of ohmwrecker being more of an offensive fortify, similar to banner being a replacment to promote. Its fun it lets more people use extra summoners. but ohmwrecker     Always has such weird build problems.     And im not sure who the item was designed for. Supports don't have enough gold, and most junglers are not AP     The stats are counter intuative, Most tanks are AD except maybe zac and elise, who are better off building Mpen.     The large amounts of regen are supposed to encourage diving.... what? I don't understand why this item has such high regen and is supposed to be used for diving.     It doesn't give any stats that would be good in an actual dive, seriously 2.5 seconds of no tower shots, turrets have a 1.0 attack speed, thats basically blocking 2 shots, nothing to write home about. granted the damage reset can help, but if your shen or rammus is tanking you have nothing to worry about.     It can't be used it goofy tower dive all day comps, since it has a 7.5 second delay before another can be used again.       A   few   possible   changes     The item needs more tanky stats, anything else besides regen, mana regen is the most expensive stat in the game, and can make items appear gold effecient. the value of the mana regen and the value of the health on the item are almost the same, I would rather have an additional 350hp when tanking then 15/mp5     Its build path, can be changed to use emblem of valor, and give a team hp regen, to have you not get harassed as much when preparing for the right dive.     A weird on here, have the active duration scale throughout the game, like (1.7+0.1per champion level) making the duration at level 18 3.5 seconds and would still allow for riskier dives earlier on.     This is very indirect but, if turrets shot faster and did less damage per hit (like dota2) but scaled after many more shots, this item would be much more valuable.     If an active or passive part of it buffed allied turrets somehow, it wouldnt have to make them invulnable attack twice as fast or do splash damage, but simply an attack speed buff when the holder of ohmwrecker is around would be nice
1	Look at the champions of the other 3 team mates. If you've played them before, has there ever been a time where you just think to yourself: "Damn, if I had blue buff this shit would be over"?   Give it to that guy.
0	While I see and mostly agree with the point, the problem lies in the fact that getting real results from anything less than this is nearly impossible. That is something that needs to change. We need effective groups for police oversight, who can and will take action when action is due. We need to do away with the bullshit police investigating police policies. We need to ensure that officers are at least held to the same standard as every day citizens, and if they commit a crime they are charged in the same fashion, with every single piddly little charge that can possibly be tacked on just to get things to stick. We need DAs who aren't making backroom deals and not pressing charges against officers. We need juries who see past the fact that there is an officer on the stand testifying, and see that just as anyone who is covering their ass, police will lie with impunity. We need judges who won't just give officers the lightest sentence possible. We need to have prisons that treat officers who do get locked up like real prisoners instead of a buddy who gets all kinds of perks.
1	I recently leveled new account to EUNE since I moved my main to EUW and while leveling I noticed a lot of attitude from everyone that you should know the game completely. Of course I knew the game already but I still said sometimes when I made stupid mistakes I am not lvl 30 yet and they cut some slack for me. It was a lie but it resulted in better environment for rest of the game so no problem for me.   Though I would strongly recommend just ignoring everyone who is annoying and flaming in chat (And most of the time you lose nothing from ignoring them). If you are afraid that you will lose important information about team, just write in chat ignored "champion name" and don't reply at all, mostly they stop direct flaming as they think you can not see it. What I also did and do from time to time is that I try to defend player doing badly so that they know not everyone is against them.
1	I doubt you will be rushing BT now, especially on Corki and Lucian who get so much out of Trinity rush :     BT isn't even gold efficient on the stats which means you don't get a stat spike when you finish it and there is no stacking spike either for lane snowball   As you've said the shield is small especially early game, so not worth rushing     Lifesteal on Dorans means 2 dorans + vamp will be enough LS (14% LS)     I think standard builds will go 2 dorans -> vamp if you need it -> Trinity for Trinity ADC. Then I think IE will be most DPS and then something like BotRK.   I think you underestimate the new BotRK as a DPS item, the 8% current HP on-hit will make smashing tanks early on much easier, especially with Randuin's nerf - I think it will be much more popular than BT, you will just keep doran blades for LS untill late game then you will maybe pick up BT as second LS item like you said.
1	The way I tend to think of it is that in an ideal world there is "play" and "counterplay".  To me this means that no matter your composition, this is solo queue after all, there is something you can build to meaningfully react.  As an example, building Liandries or BotRK to counter health stacking.   The reality of these options for countering tanks is that they are VERY soft.  We never cared too much before because tanks didn't have a realistic build path so you crushed them before they got unmanageable.
1	I think ruby sightstone is in a right place. and I dont think there is a need to buff the item base stats. The item is not about scaling in to the late game, its existence is about slot efficiency. 1 more ward to potentially drop is huge, because support tends to roam around the map alot in the mid/late game, that extra ward can be used to scout or when one of your ward gets cleared, especially in the late game your allies have completed items or have no slot for any wards. The extra heath is a huge bonus on top of sight stone. There is an incentive to upgrade, but for its slot efficiency, so your point about not different to sightstone is wrong, for example Hexdrinker provides a similar passive to Maw of Malmortius, people who buys Hexdrinker is for countering AP bursts and some AD, the Maw is just an upgrade for the item for that slot efficiency while having more base stats and extra passive.   You talk about support incorporate survive ability in their build, but there are tons of complete/incomplete item that already does that, locket/crucible for MR and randuins or just a Warden's mail for Armour. Support is more about positioning while providing CC and peel to ADC, they are NOT top laners who happens to have sightstone, there is a need to provide survive ability in their build, and there are already items for that.   You talk about item scaling to late game, the average wards I drop on the map across my games are around 20-30, and since I maybe buy 3 green ward per game, rudy sightstone accounts for 17 wards is 146.7% efficient. IF there is any buff towards its base stat, you could potentially see all jungler getting the item, yes it may not be a bad thing, but recovering vision control from the losing side will be much harder and snowballing from vision control (like season 2) will have a comeback, simply because currently it can be difficult for support to ward both sides of the map with just 3 green ward and 1 pink ward, with jungler getting sightstone there is enough ward available between just TWO people to light up the map like a christmas tree, let alone the other three players.   The whole point about sight stone having a limited number is to reduce the amount of ward spam as you would compared to season 2, where support literally walked around the map lighting it up like a christmas tree for the next three minutes, so if you spam warding for any particular reason and wants ruby sightstone buffed, then you need to look towards improving your vision control knowledge and back timing to get more wards.
1	Biggest piece of advice I would give anyone would be not to let frustration get the better of you. There are so many keyboard warriors on League that just wait for you to make a mistake and then bitch about it for the rest of the game. Just play the game, and if someone makes a mistake, keep playing, you would be surprised by how easy can be to comeback in a game of League sometimes.
0	Nothing pisses me off more than college kids on the godamm bus I commute to work all year on the bus and the best time to do it is July and august when all you fucking kids are back home doing whatever now it's September's again and I get on there loud as Fuck and for some reason smelly as fuck(I deduced that college kids don't shower more than twice a week where I live
1	I have never once been told to kill myself since starting this game in season 2 so as shitty as it is, there has to be something on your end that's causing them to say things like that.   Also, saying Riot is doing nothing about toxicity is simply not true. Just because they didn't ban a handful of players immediately after you reported them does not mean they aren't doing anything. It takes more than your single report to have someone banned. And judging by how many times you received this type of toxicity it could be likely that they are not that bad in a majority of their games but you set them off in your game.
1	I mained Miss Fortune in Season 2 but stopped playing her from Season 3 onwards, not just because there were better ADCs out there that could do what she could do, but also because her strengths just doesn't help to cover her weaknesses.   Her Q has decent damage but most Miss Fortune players will try to hit you with the second shot instead of the first, avoid this by constantly moving when you're behind minions, the second shot is less likely to hit you that way if the second shot can't "lock" onto you to hit you.   Her ult is powerful, but almost any support nowadays is able to stop it instantly - Leona stuns, Thresh flay/hook, Nami bubble, Braum shield. If you're against Miss Fortune, ask for a support (or even PLAY as a support) that has the CC capability to stop her ult.   Speaking of CC capability, Miss Fortune only has one soft CC - her E, the AoE slow. It's good for waveclear but doesn't offer her much escape potential. Usually Miss Fortunes will rather turn and kill you instead of trying to get out. As long as you keep attacking her to avoid her passive from coming up, and stop her ult damage, it's relatively easy to beat her.
1	I had a few hundred of games in the beta, but then Heroes of newerth came out and I never played LoL again.   Then dota 2 came out and I played it for about 1000 hours before being sick of playing normal games.   That's when I heard that league had a ranked league system, (early s3) that I decided that I would get back to it and try to play it seriously.   I ended up diamond 1 (never went above 26 lp).
0	when i walked in my bedroom home early from work. one black guy had a fist in her cunt, the other had his dick shoved so far down her throat that I saw it in her throat.   That's when I was like, this probably isn't going to work.
1	League had it's time in the spotlight and is fading out. At the time of it's release it filled a need that wasn't met - people wanted quick, accessible, online battles with other players. It drew people like me from the WoW crowd who liked the competition but hated the gear grind. Every game was a new start, and you had lots of fun different champions to choose from.   It's grown over the years and evolved into this competitive Twitch-dominating monster we have now. It got people involved in and excited about the eSports scene.   However, what I've discovered is people actually enjoy watching the game more than playing it a lot of the time. There could be lots of reasons for this, and I'm not claiming I know what they are, but my theory would be these things:   1) Power creep - New and shiny champions just got released one after another and each one had a more loaded kit than the one before it. This would be fine if they bothered updating older champions at a decent rate, but it seems some get some much needed attention while others get left in the dust. I was just talking to my friend about how Kennen used to be my favorite champion, but when was the last time you saw a Kennen? He has such a dated kit. I'm not saying he  can't  be useful, it's just that you'd be infinitely better off playing any other AP mid, like Xerath or Cass or so on and so forth.   2) Constant balancing issues/changes - this kind of goes with #1, but I think a lot of people felt pigeon-holed into playing OP Champion X, rather than getting to play one of their favorite champions. If you don't log on this game for a month and come back, the pendulum might have swung so far that your normal go to champ is garbage and some random champion has been buffed into Godmode. Or, an item that was good no longer is. This happened to me recently when I came back and they buffed the hell out of Akali's shroud. Long story short, there's too many champions and changes to reasonably keep up with.   3) Toxicity/game not being fun as it is frustrating - This one has always just been a problem and when the game shifted focus from heroes snowballing to being team-oriented I think it kind of put the nail in the coffin. Games became harder to carry, now you're even more reliant on the other 4 players on your team. And you're basically up to the mercy of the LoL Gods on what kind of teammates you get. I'm not saying toxic players are Riot's fault, or that there's even a good solution, but I do think it is a contributing factor. And I think the most frustrating thing about it is, when the game is so dependent on teamwork, you can't just "forget" that 5th player who is a total doucher.   My prediction is, when a newer game is released that filled the same gap that League did originally, people will start leaving in droves. And when I say "gap" I don't mean MOBA necessarily, I mean a game that is casual friendly, and provides quick, high speed enjoyment with little commitment. Not that the game won't always have it's fanbase, but I don't believe it will continue to dominate the market for much longer. The problem is, we haven't seen any real innovation as far as online games go SINCE League of Legends, and perhaps DayZ (which is still in development, and I found too cumbersome to enjoy).   Heroes of the Storm is just another clone, and looks pretty bad tbh, but I think Overwatch has some potential to steal away a big chunk of the eSports crowd. I think whatever the next "big" game will be, it will require a competitive atmosphere and eSports scene. And my bet is we'll shift from the MOBA to a FPS type game.   Just my opinion, take it for what's it worth. I was bored and decided to type out my thoughts on the matter.
0	i mean, im not bold enough to ask for a three some with another couple, however, i have asked others to do that with my SO and i. but that all depends on how close you are in the friendship and whatnot, that part varies per person.   as far as the sperm donor thing, dont just say OK because youre a nice guy!!! that's a HUGE thing. no matter how close you are, if you arent comfortable donating, dont do it just because she begs you or youre best of friends. besides the fact of you having a kid that truly wouldnt be yours, you'd be seeing the child and that may get strange for everyone. and by all means dont do it because your friend is the one getting pregnant(you may have an idea that you and her are having a child together when really that isnt the case and its just a creepy way to think of it all). sorry to rant..
1	Actually the minority of LOL players are chat restricted and even less are banned. So does that make the majority of us not "only human?"   OMG hold on.
1	As someone who jungles a lot and lanes a lot, bad junglers when you're laning are as frustrating as bad laners when you're jungling.   If you've ever been camped -- especially top lane -- early game, you know how frustrating it is when your jungler is still clearing his own creeps. Not counterjungling, not ganking, not doing anything of value.   There's nothing inherently good or skillful about clearing your camps. The skill in jungling comes from setting up routes that will leave you with opportunities to gank. Exploiting the weaknesses in the other team's jungler and lanes.   While junglers get a lot of unfair spite, it's also fair to say that a lot of junglers -- especially those at 1300 elo -- don't realize how much they hurt the team when they just go from camp to camp as lanes lose.   While it's never the junglers fault that a lane is losing (unless the jungler like...turret dives at level four and feeds double buff, which happens  all the time  in my games), it is definitely the junglers fault if they look at a losing lane and say "nope, not helping". That lane will just snowball from there. The point of a jungler is to exert pressure across the map. If one team's jungler has ganked your lane three times before you hit level six, and you are getting zoned because of it, it's frustrating when your unattentive jungler is just saying "wow noobs".
0	To add to previous comments, even sex is not polar. There's a normal distributing of sec hormones in everyone (and in utero) which leads to a normal distribution of phenotypes. Add in various more or less subtle chromosomal abnormalities which have their own normal distribution between the peaks of what we consider the extreme (theoretical) poles of male and female and we have a continuum of sex as well as gender. Granted with significant peaks but a spectral continuum nonetheless.
1	Several years go I had a kitten named good Apollo, after the coheed & cambria album. He was such a unique and interesting little guy. He had a lot of health problems and cost me a quite a bit of money in vet bills and we didn't really think he'd grow up to be a strong Heathy critter. I loved him so deeply! He grew to be a pretty decently sized strong meowth. One day my roommate accidentally left the door open and my baby cat ran out for an adventure. My neighbor for some reason thought it was a good idea to let his Rottweiler roam free without a leash and it brutally ran over and obliterated poor little Apollo. I was devastated... I decided that from that day forward any gaming achievement will be dedicated to my beloved Apollo and me being Asian decided to name all my game characters variations of aporro, thus comes the name proporro.
0	Appreciate that. Sorry this will be a little long even though I'm just touching lightly on most of these subjects, but there's a lot that goes into my decision.   On the pro-Obama side, I've been quite impressed with his calculated and thoughtful approach to world politics. I have been quite impressed by his handling of our international and military affairs. The worldwide reputation of the US was greatly damaged during the Bush years. And Obama has gone along way towards repairing our relationships. And I have been impressed by his prosecution of the wars and conflicts we have been engaged in during his presidency.   And he actually has a pretty good record at home too. He oversaw the stabilizing of the entire US economy. We were in free-fall when he came into office. That's a pretty big thing. He oversaw the reversal of the loss of 800,000 jobs a month to a period of years of private sector job growth. And he oversaw the recovery of the auto industry. And he got Obamacare passed. That's something people have been trying to do since FDR. And while it may not be perfect, it's a change which at least forces the ball rolling. And there's a lot more but I'm already failing at keeping this short.   And on a human level, he strikes me as an extremely intelligent, caring man. And most importantly, as far as a politicians go, he seems to be one of the more open and honest ones around at his level. If you have examples that I should see that prove otherwise, I would certainly like to see them.   The main things that keep me from being a complete supporter are his failures to end some of the recent government surveillance programs, the lack of protection for and prosecution of whistle-blowers, his justice department's failure to respect state drug laws, and his failure to call out the lawmakers in Congress more directly for their obstruction. And lastly, I fault him for not making a better effort to try to bypass the media filters and speak frequently and directly to the American people.   Now turning to Romney, I find the lack of specifics about his plans extremely disconcerting. He keeps talking about his five-point plan. And it looks kind of impressive until you realize it is all just lofty goals without any specificity about how they can be achieved. Independent analysis has shown his numbers simply don't add up. The only way they can be achieved with his reduction in tax rates is if the middle-class ends up paying more. And when pressed for details, he has only said he would reveal them after elected. I want to know before the election so I can make an informed decision.   And given his failure to provide any specifics, one can only look at this record. Again, it looks quite impressive until you start digging into the details.   He first qualification was that he was a successful businessman at Bain Capital. To me, that alone would not qualify someone as a good presidential candidate because the goals of a business and the goals of a government are quite different things. And then when you actually look at this record there, there are a lot of things I find quite distasteful. There were some success stories like Staples, but there were others like KB Toys where they severely damaged the companies by burdening them with massive debt while the investors walked away rich. And the fact that they were a pioneer in off-shoring to China is a bit unsettling as well. There's a lot more that could be said on this subject.   Associated with that, I also don't like that has refused to follow precedent by not releasing at least three past years of tax returns.  That's pretty standard so his refusal to do so raised red flags.   And then there was his credentials of saving the Olympics. Yes he did an excellent management job by most accounts, but he also hit the federal government up for unprecedented amounts of money. They got around a half billion dollars because of Romney's efforts. And that really goes against what he says he stands for today.   And then there is his record as Governor of Massachusetts. Again, it looks good on paper. But when you look into the details, it's not so good. He lowered taxes while he was there. But he also raised and added new fees that ended up making government cost significantly more for lower and middle-class people while reducing the burden of those at the top of the income scale. And it also appeared that once he had the job on his resume, he did not care to actually do the work. He was out of the state all or part of over 200 days in his last year running around the country trying to get ready for his presidential run in 2008.   So since he won't tell us his plans, we can only go off his records. And the kind of things he's done don't look they are going to help the people of the middle-class who have been getting their butts kicked pretty much since the 1970s.   And on a more human level, I have to say I don't find him trustworthy at all. And it's not just the frequent, well-documented lying. I just don't trust his character. It appears this is a man who was not propelled to the candacy by his drive to help, but rather someone who set his sites on the job and directed the last twenty years of his life towards trying to get it. And it may not be politically correct to say, but his participation as a bishop in the Mormon church is unsettling to me. I've read some pretty disturbing things about that church.
1	corki back before the removal of blind was pretty op. not only did it reveal a target area (bush, general fog of war), it also blinded them. this meant that corki had like 2 free shots on any other ad carry before the other carry could even touch him (in a 1v1) this made him a deadly duelist, and while he still has great damage output, his damage in a teamfight comes from his positioning, and he's not the easiest ad carry to position with. i still think he's high up there because he can poke relatively well due to his missiles, but other ad carries are just outshining him, caitlyn due to her ease of use and her long range, vayne and kog due to their ungodly damage outputs lategame, ezreal is dominant early game, and ashe provides much more utility, although she hasn't been seeing much use.
1	Because spinning axe is a massive damage buff(percent based damage buff that applies his passive dot), even at rank one. Because he can use the spell once and keep the buff for an extended amount of time, and even re-apply.  Because asking for a massive damage increase that can't be countered and doesn't expire after a set time is like asking for Corki's rockets to home in on the nearest low heath champion and deal true damage.
1	I think the big issue is that the ads are in a huge block, say there are 5 segments of show(the game, the chobra intro, expert desk etc) instead of showing ten minutes of ads in one block they could have shown 2 minutes of ads after every section, therefore from a marketing perspective people are more inclined to watch the ads, if you look at the amount of viewers during games to when the ads show there is at least a 25% drop in viewers, so shorter ads more often would mean viewers are less likely to go offline.
1	It seems obvious that these 2 people don't consider themselves journalists, although it is called a "news show", even the male-commentator calls himself a talk show host repeatedly, they have talking points and they make opinions on them. Would it be better if they did a little research? Sure, but at the rate they probably cover stories that wouldn't be feasible.   I also find it funny that this entire shitstorm mirrors the argument that the third commentator made, that even in a game like football there will be people that mock you or misunderstand it, but that shouldn't stop you from enjoying it or competing. The NFL doesn't stop running because someone calls it homoerotic, it doesn't even address it because it's THAT successful.
1	YES TO THE MAX!   I play a lot of support, and ADCs are generally bad... I'm sorry, but I know my mechanics are better than most people I support lol.  Then they bitch at me for taking a last hit they missed.   Even after I got them FB/double kill, even after they are up 20CS by 5 min.   Even after I kept bot lane lit up like a Christmas tree with wards.   But I am bad, because I took one creep.
1	If no team in a tiebreaker holds a winning record against all other teams, the following structures will be used:   Four-way tie: The teams will be randomly drawn into a “Koreanstyle” or “dual” bracket, where teams play Bo1 matches throughout  the tournament. The four teams will be split into two first-round  matches; the winners will then face off in Game 3 while the losers  face off in Game 4. The winner of Game 3 will be declared the top  seed; the loser of Game 3 will face the winner of Game 4 in a contest to determine 2nd/3rd place; and the loser of Game 4 will be  declared 4th place.   source:
0	I have a friend who I play Xbox Live with a lot. He also has severe arachnophobia.   One night, while his parents where asleep, he saw a "giant fucking spider" on his curtains. I heard him throw his headset down an I could hear him going "shit shit shit shit." Then, all there was was silence. I heard him again about two games later walk into his room and pick up the mic. I asked him what happened, and he said he had gone to get the vacuum cleaner. All of a sudden, he turned it on (This was at like 3 AM, mind you) and sucked the spider up into the vacuum cleaner. I said something like, "You know that he is still alive in there, probably about to climb out of it, right?" This caused him to freak out and take the vacuum outside of the house and leave it in the driveway until morning.
1	Got that too. I suspect that it's because the LoL clients keep getting re-written over by recent patches, and their versions change accordingly. Since this happens, the old client versions aren't saved and LoLRecorder can't detect it, causing a malfunction in loading.
1	You are completely right looc. Build mostly cooldown and damage, and let his natural spamming abilities raise his AS.  You will shred anything close to you.   And due to building like this, his mobility is amazing.  Just keep your Q coming in between auto attacks and you can almost always escape anything but the most extreme ganks.
1	He was likely planning on quitting anyways. But yeah, his claim was that the crowd alerted his opponent to his proxy gate.  There's also the game in GSL(OGN's sc2 tourney) where he probe rushed.
1	Your sister ran away and you're complaining about getting banned from a videogame for a week?   And to address your question, it's a matter of costs vs benefits.   If you let leavers roam free, the costs of that is much greater than the benefits of removing possibilities of unfair and fair suspensions.
1	In this case, I hope you don't belong to the yasuo-hater group. Because exactly the same problem: You will never win any early trades and your ability scalings are really awful (+20 on Q, +20 on E that must be stacked, W no Damage). People complain that he can go 0/5 in laning phase but still kicks ass once he gets IE, Statikk and boots. Those items make him strong and since everygame lasts 40 minutes most of the time, its hard to prevent him from getting the items sooner or later.
1	Black Cleaver is better than last whisper against champs with lower armor, especially carries. It also synergizes well with other ad champs that are on your team.   Last whisper is an anti tank item that works better than BC after a certain threshhold of armor. This is because Last Whisper penetrates a % of armor rather than a flat value, and with enough armor the reduction from BC isnt nearly as useful.
0	This is why casual dining restaurants are failing all over the US.   I worked as a server for a brief period of time, and had restaurants owned in my family later. Even if they're assholes, there is a level of professionalism you'd best fucking show people. They're still spending their hard earned money (You know, that fucking money your trying so hard to get) to come to YOUR restaurant to enjoy a meal.   You driving them away is just making sure that job wont be around for much longer.   The tipping system in the US is garbage, I'll agree with that, but the entitled notion that "I don't like how they're acting so I'm going to make sure they never come back" is just a horribly childish thought that needs to be snuffed out.   You're unhappy? Ask your manager if the table can go to someone else. Those customers are important, and unless they're seriously out of line they're important to the business that employs you.
0	I'm 16 and work at my local Arby's. It's not a terrible job but it does suck sometimes. Seriously everyday I am yelled at by people for something that isn't my fault.   Last shift, I was drive through. So when this one really pissed of lady car through, I couldn't hear her, but keep in mind, even my mom and dad worked at this Arby's, and the speakers were never changed, so these speakers are over 30 years old.   So when I asked her to repeat it about once or twice she spelled out the entire order, came to the window, tells me a twelve year old shouldn't be allowed to work here (because yeah I'm 6 feet tall and 12 totally) and told me she can tell it's my first job.
1	The hard coded rules do not relate to their movement though. You can't hard code movement because of the change throughout the game. The initial target is based upon proximity which is why the opposite minions don't attack each other and often target one minion together. Therefore the results will never be exactly the same because of the dynamics of the game and the movement of the minions. If you were to sit in on thousands of custom games and just watch the minions I can guarantee there would be no advantage given to one specific side for the majority.  On a side note there will never be a normal league of legends game where a minion is not touched and one side wins because of it.   Lastly. Doublelifts point about te waves pushing in OMGs favor has hardly anything to do with the behavior of the minions. A team can manipulate the waves so that their side naturally pushes. It's done quite often by killing the ranged minions and leaving the rest. Allied minions then have a numbers advantage and the next wave will eventually join and snowball the wave towards the opponent. This is not random and is what teams do to secure objectives nowadays.
1	From what I've been playing with it seems as if the people who you are playing with/against are a prime determining factor in how many points you receive.  I am currently a silver 5 but when I play with some gold friends they all complain about getting 10-15 points from a win while I get 20-30 league points. I played with a few bronze friends later and I was the one getting a few points, and then after an afk for a loss, I lost a huge chunk of points. The reason I lost so many points is from losing to people with such a lower hidden matchmaking rating.
1	They could make it so dragons give a team stacking buff that only your team can see. The buff would make it so lets say dragon gives X% more gold for every stack you have( It would cap at 5 lets say). And to stop the anti snowball of this, riot could make it so if the enemy team secures a dragon your team loses all of the stacks you had generated up till this point. The buff would only disappear once your team had vision of the dragon pit, otherwise that would be a free timer if you were paying attention. This would make it worth it for teams that are behind to attempt dragon fights. It would also make it worth it for teams to lose lane pressure or lane control to go for their 2nd or 3rd dragon.
0	So he landed on snow. Okay thanks stranger. I was confused on how someone could fall, hit the ground, and only break their back. Just imagine you're walking and someone lands on the ground. The first thing they say is "Awwe shit!! My back!! Fuck!!" I would honestly consider they might be superman with like...kryptonite stuck to them or something.
1	I'm really happy you mentioned Monte and Krepo.   Monte continuously impresses me with his level of preparation and his understanding of LoL's underlying strategy, while Krepo consistently hits home with well informed observations which often put things into a different perspective.
0	The problem is that you can repeat this piece of advice ad nauseum but it will never sink in until somebody grows up and learns it on their own. It's kind of like that old adage about how you can lead a horse to water but you can't make him drink.
1	So the posters main problem is that there is not enough complaining on Reddit? He is complaining that there isn't enough complaining. There seems to be plenty of complaining on both sites as far as I am concerned. Maybe the problem isn't that there isn't enough complaining about the game, maybe the problem is the way the complaints are formatted. Perhaps an intelligent and respectful discussion, in either forum, would get more attention as opposed to the usual "GG Rito. All you want is moneyz. This champ just beat me in lane and is OP. Fix or I quit." It is fairly hard to balance 117 champions being played by 4 million people. No matter what you do, some players will be pleased and others will be furious. What is extremely easy is sitting in your room and posting on a discussion forum.
1	So the thing about corki is that it really depends on who you are laning against. Almost always open boots and pots to give him more mobility, or you can run more ms quints. That being said do not be afraid to get 1 or 2 dorans to help if you are being crushed.   The thing about corki is that his passive basically increases his AD by 10% so on corki big heavy hitting items are almost always better than black cleaver since his E shreds armor pretty well early and mid game.   After I finish my boots I assess whether or not I want to enchant them or start building IE. If you are going to be roaming or their tower is almost dead go with the enchant other wise get the BF and decide whether you want IE or BT.   If you went IE you want to at the least get vamp scepter for sustain and then get an attack speed item. I like Ruunans hurricane because of the damage to multiple targets (important later when you want black cleaver.) but statik shiv also works well, since it increases move speed as well.   At this point you can either finish BT or go after the black cleaver, since at this point you are able to apply it to 3 enemies at once in a team fight with ruunans and your E.   Basically don't rush black cleaver because the extra 10% damage output makes any other item more viable than it.
0	Sorry to hear that, but you're in the VAAAAAAAAAAAAST minority.  My sister is DEATHLY allergic to peanuts.  She will LITERALLY die if she were to eat a handful of them....yet she doesn't go around telling people not to.  Every person will react to everything differently.   Hell, people have died because they were allergic to penicillin, yet it's saved MILLIONS of lives!   Not only that, but EVERYTHING in life has risk associated with it.  Hell, I take a risk every time I cross the street to go to work!  I take a risk that people will obey the rules of the road and not be texting on their phones and blow through the stoplight and kill me.   There's a 1 in 177 chance that you will die in a car crash in your lifetime, yet you (in general, not you specifically) will still get in your car and drive almost every day.
1	I like the editing on this video, but I feel like you just took every kill he made this day into this vid. Ofcourse, there are loads of good plays by him, but for example, at 2:35 it kinda looks to me like Mundo isnt trying his best or having lags and 3:22 he literally just Q's a low hp Mundo, which anyone could pull off.
1	shes an AD Caster she uses abilities to do serious damage, so you stack damage and armour pen (BC LW BT) and then take defensive items (Warmogs + Randuins/GA/whatever).   I feel as if what you're saying here is proving DL's point. He is saying that ADCs will no longer exist as they are now. If ADCs become AD Casters/Tanky-DPS champions rather than the glass-cannon champions they are now, ADCs will no longer be played. Draven excels are snowballing the game early, and while his damage does scale very well nito late-game, why play him over Kog'maw, who has superior range and % HP damage. Why play Ashe when you can just play a Graves and pick another champion with strong iniation. In ou For pro players, there is very little incentive to actually innovate. Why would they take risks when they can just play what works. As a theorycrafter, you need to play what you think will work well. Being a theorycrafter is a thankless job, no one is going to pat you on the back when everyone else is doing what you were doing 6 months ago. However, those people are the innovators, they keep the game fresh and constantly change the meta.
0	Hi siroonig, thanks for your reply.   Like merulian, I'm glad as well that you got out of it.  You clearly needed to get out of that relationship.  I don't think I was "ripping you to shreds" - I was asking fair questions and was asking them politely.  If you don't want to answer, that's okay.   merulian, I have been a domestic violence counselor and I appreciate your comment - you're absolutely right, I've also seen abusive men who pursue practically endlessly.  Cheating to create a breaking point strikes me as very dangerous - I'm sure I've seen some terrible results from this in my counselor days, I wouldn't recommend it but I certainly understand it can  seem  like the only option, very understandable.   There are many many guys who are not "abusive pricks" siroonig and it's a great thing that you're engaged to a great guy.   Just last of all, the feelings of an abuser are obviously of little consequence in the making for safety for the abused.  In my time as dv counselor, the only reason to consider the feelings of the abuser was to minimize potential risk to the abused in getting the abused to a safe and enabled environment.
0	Professional appointments, job, and classes (25 y/o professional student) I manage to squeak by on time.  Just about everything else is up in they air and I view them as all having a thirty minute leeway for being late.   My rationale is that there aren't many social obligations where being on time matters unless plans are time contingent (eg, movie, going on a trip). Also, the people/groups that normally stress making it to something on time never offer repercussions for tardiness, everything always just continues as planned. Really stopped giving it much importance after I realized authority figures kind of just throw the word "mandatory" around for anything they want without much meaning behind it.   As for my few friends that are really anal about time, yeah it bugs them but it also allows for some balancing for both of us: I'm around to make sure they don't become anymore of a tight-ass and they keep me from becoming an even more irresponsible dick.   Balance.
0	ITT. People without kids giving advice to parents on how to control their kids.   Edit:  For whatever reason, this simple statement is currently the top comment (yay!) and there are a lot of replies to it.  I'm going to use this power for good and try to give a better understanding to both sides.   First, I am not defending all parents, nor do I claim to know the situation that this meme was based on.  The parent could very well be ignoring the needs of his (using the generic singular pronoun here) child and in that case should be publicly shamed for it.  What I'm trying to say here is that sometimes situations like this arise, and through no fault of the parent, the child, or those around them, a shitty experience is had by all.  Not all (any?) child can behave 100% of the time, and sometimes the only solution is to take the embarrassment that you signed up for as a parent, and hope you make it home before you melt down yourself.   As a parent, I merely ask that non parents try and understand that we really do the best we can most of the time.  Different circumstances cause us to seem apathetic to our child's needs, but overall we try very hard to keep our children in check.   Let's go over some of the popular suggestions posted:     Take your child home - parents will tell you that the child, 99% of the time, would want nothing more than just to go home to their toys.  Threatening them to leave a grocery store, a clothing store, or in this case a waiting room is doing exactly what you don't want to do which is giving in to the child's tantrum.  You know why you notice kids misbehaving in public?  It's because you are in an adult public space that the kid wants nothing to do with.  You think kids go nuts at a Chuck e Cheese and parents just let it slide?  Believe me, I don't want to be there so it's really easy for me to threaten my kids with going home.  You don't see this because you're not at the Chuck e Cheese.   Take your child outside, away from the situation - I find that this actually works really well.  However, if it's cold outside or raining and your child is sick, this isn't really an option.  In doctor's offices I've been, they require you to be in the waiting area when they call you.  If this was an ER (explains the long wait times) then it's even less likely you can take the child out of the waiting area.   Have a toy/smartphone/book - Again, this actually works really well too, but sometimes a kid is just tired of a toy after a couple of hours.  They have very short attention spans and you can only hold it for a limited time before they want something new.   Control them - this is the most useless comment you can make.  It's like saying to someone who is sick, get healthy.  If it was only that easy.     Now to address some of the popular anecdotes people are using:     My parent would never let us get away with that.  I was never bad. - Think about it.  If this statement was really true, there are two near impossible scenarios.  Either you were born a saint or through some miraculous turn of events you were able to be disciplined after no more than two public tantrums.  Children learn through consistent discipline.  If you never misbehave, you wouldn't have known not to misbehave.  It's a fallacy.  You were good because you were first bad, and learned to be good.  What if everyone judged your parents for the times when you were bad and learning?   I take care of my brother's kids and they are perfect -  Sure, during the times that you are playing with them and giving them all the attention there is to give.  Most children act out only against their parents because there is something to gain from it.  If you're just there to play with them, no kids will act out.  It's when you have to take them on mundane tasks like errands, shopping, and doctor's visits that things get tricky.  It's also much easier to give 100% of your effort over a few hours, a day, or even a week than say every day over the course of 18 years.   Just because I'm not a  parent  caregiver... - This is a blanket statement that I won't back down from.  No, you don't know.  Seriously, I'm sorry if this sounds crass, but you simply can not fully understand what it's like to have to "control" someone who doesn't want to be controlled.  Sure you can give your tips in theory, or make observations, but it's impossible for you to fully understand what it's like to be a parent until you are one.  Specifically a caregiver in this case because we all know being a parent doesn't mean you reproduced, it means taking a life into your hands and trying your very best to make it succeed.  I'm open to your suggestions, but it won't hold as much weight as you would like it to.     For the parents:     Try to plan for bad scenarios such as the a waiting room.  - Multiple toys, books, etc will go a long way to get your child to behave over long waiting periods.   You need to keep on your kids, even if it's not working  - Continue to ask them to settle down even if it's just to show other people you are trying.  Giving up will just show your kids that they can bully you around the next time the same situation arrises.   Bring something with you that they want, just so there is something that you can take away. - The lack of punishment in a public space can be changed to your advantage.   Ignore non parent's gazes - Do what I do, imagine yourself saying "I told you so" to them one day when they have kids.
1	It might sound a little bit crazy, but I have this theory:   Dordo is a interdimensional flightless bird that can assume the form of any animal that has ever existed and he may enter and leave even the dimensions of the cybernetic world.   Originally, Dordo was the result of one of the first DNA engineering attempts, lead by SKT T1 R&D, which involved the DNA's of a korean chicken and a recently found [Dodo]( fossil.His in-game model presumably looks like [this](   Two months after the completion of SKT's time machine, SKT sent their first animal, Dordo, to the past but they never got any evidence that he made it so they assumed his existence wasn't impactful enough to create repercussion in the future.In prior to sending him to past, Dordo seemed like a normal animal with no special capacities.   SKT then sent Faker to the past with the excuse of "winning season 3 world championship" so that they would know that he actually made it.Faker is actually a secret agent that came to the past to seek for Dordo.They wouldn't waste resources to just make a Gold IV win the world championship that was worth less money than what they would use for a time travel, would they?   Something weird happen 6 days before Season 3 World Championship started.Do you guys remember?They sight a wingless Dragon and called it Ao Shin and we  never  saw him again for a entire season.Much like  warning, pokemon spoilers , Ash saw a ho-oh at the beginning of his journey, Ao Shin never made an appearence in either league in 10 or 20 years.And Faker actually won season 3 world championship after that incident.Coincidence?   For season 5, we have this crab in the middle of the river that runs from us.What is he doing there?I find it really suspicious.   Then we have the older league in 10 years picture, which shows we have a champion called Pingu, which looks a little bit like Dordo (small wings/arms, long beak) and can use stealth but he doesn't appear in this league in 20 years one.   I believe Dordo is also Pingu, which didn't use stealth but actually moved to another dimension to avoid Morello's nerfs.Pingu probably ruined ranked games across Earth 2-13.   How Dordo/Pingu got his powers remains a complete mistery.
1	They are still individually strongest. But yesterday you could tell that they still had some teamwork problems that had to be worked on. Their rotations and decisionmaking was abit off :) Thats
1	While a Steam access key in itself costs very little to create, that key represents access to a product that a substantial amount of physical effort and monetary investment, and is the equivalent of selling a physical game disc. Comparing free champions to giving away free Steam access keys is even more spurious than comparing League of Legends to the fast food industry.   While it's true that people  can  buy champions and IP boosts with RP, the vast majority of such purchases are to acquire expensive champions. To compare the high and low ends of the price spectrum:     Ashe costs 1/14 as much IP to purchase as Zed.   Ashe costs 1/3.75 as much RP to purchase as Zed.     Taking into account FWOTD, a new player can make 450IP in the course of their first few games, and any player with any degree of financial sense is unlikely to shell out on the money for RP and then spend it getting a 450IP champion at three times their effective value.   In short, the vast majority of 450IP champions will be purchased with IP, meaning that making them free is unlikely to have a noticeable impact on Riot Games' profits. Given also that all 450IP champions are designed to be simple, "pick up and play" characters, having them available from game one for new players to learn the game would actually be  beneficial  for the game's health, as it already has a high barrier to entry that a change like this could help reduce.   And as we know, if more new players stick with the game and become invested in it, they're more likely to buy RP to spend on stuff like skins and expensive champions. Voila — profit!
0	This was my problem when I was younger and dealing with depression.   I'm sure this will get lost here, but I'm hoping it might help you, or someone else, in some way.   The drugs didn't work. I was on Paxil, Zoloft, Lexapro...they didn't do much of anything, probably because I couldn't break the cycle I was in. My grades were crap, which made me want to escape by sleeping or playing video games, which I did instead of studying, which then lead to worse grades. I lost a lot of good friends and made some new bad friends (they weren't in a gang, they just were terrible people).   I OD'd on Xanax with this friend-with-benefits of mine, then a little while later, got an .02 suspension (like a DUI for 18 and younger...or is it 21 and younger? I can't remember) about a month or so later. Barely graduated high school and was failing out of community college from missing my classes and exams.   Then, I was prescribed Adderall, and it all changed. I had the energy to focus on my assignments and study, and all of that, so I did better in class. Plus, I was chatty now, so I was more outgoing, making new friends to replace the old ones I didn't have time for. I ended up graduating community college (finally) and planned to go off to university in another state.   It wasn't all great. I still had this toxic relationship with my girlfriend at the time, and she was on Adderall, too. (Actually, by then, we may have switched to Vyvanse, I'm not sure). Anyway, she wouldn't get her scripts refilled, so she'd beg me for mine. This was probably for the best because, as a smoker taking ADHD medication, I was going through 3 packs of cigarettes a day, and I was about 110 lbs. I looked anorexic. But, at least I didn't think about killing myself all the time, since I no longer felt useless and, in turn, no longer felt hopeless.   I eventually moved away for university and dumped the girl. The doctors at the new place were used to college kids, though, and didn't throw ADHD meds at anyone who claimed to have an issue. I felt like I wanted to get off of them, though, because I kept having to up my dosages as my body got used to the drug, and that made it hard to sleep, or quit smoking, or even stop itching. I'd see myself freaking out if I had exams or needed to meet important people, and I couldn't get in to see the doctor before I'd run out of pills, and I'd feel like an addict.   So I quit.   The first few days were the worst. It's not painful, it's just...foggy. Hard to focus on anything - harder than it ever had been before. I tried to cut through it with coffee or energy drinks, but those didn't do much. It sucked, but it ended, eventually, and it was easier to think clearly again, albeit, no with the laser focus I once had. But I realized that in the years I had been taking the drug, I'd developed pretty good study and conversation skills, and these two things became natural to me, instead of forced or unobtainable, like they were in the dark days. Being off the stimulants made it much easier to quit smoking (I still have one or two if I've been drinking, but I don't buy packs anymore), and my appetite returned. My roommates also hit the local gym, and I went and even lifted with them. I put on about 30 lbs in my first year at university, and it was almost entirely muscle. I looked decent, and felt great. I met a girl, graduated and got married within a month of each other a couple years after I met that girl, and now I'm working a great job in the field that I went to school for.   I'm not saying dexamphetamines like Adderall or Vyvanse are the best drug, but the trick to depression is breaking the cycle of feeling like shit --> life gets worse because you feel like shit --> feel shittier, and that's what they did for me, because I no longer felt powerless. I'm glad I got off of them before I wasted away or gave handies for 5mgs of the stuff, though. And maybe that's not the way to go at all for you. Everyone's different. Just try and figure out the way out of the crapcycle and stay out of it. Get out of your habits of listening to depressing music or doing other similar things, if that's what you do. It's just like breaking an addiction - know your triggers and stay away from them.   I guess the
0	A few years back, maybe in 2010, my grandfather decided to buy a computer and learn about this crazy thing called Internet, and called me for help so I could teach him how to use (the most simple things like, how to turn it on and off, how to type, how to read emails). I had the chance to give him maybe five or six classes before his health declined and he passed away.
1	What usually works for me, is if I see some one "giving up" telling them that if they are going to lose anyway they may aswell try as what have they got to lose.   This also works for objectives, if your a 0/8 adc keep pushing. who cares if you die, you are worth like 30g anyway as long as you dont get a kill, so many times i have just taken a pink and started baron when we are 20 kills behind and come back from the gold + buff.
1	You spending your IP means you have no more IP which encourages you to buy RP which is how riot makes money.   It's a free game. We all spend enough time on it to support riot even a little bit. If you cannot be bothered to farm up IP for the champ you want, then buy some RP and support riot.
0	Have you listened to more than ten rappers? If we're talking actual rapping skill I wouldn't put him in any top list. Okay, yes the Marshall mathers and slim shady lp were good. But honestly? Past that its just ahh boohoo I have too much money and got addicted to painkillers aaa my life is so bad I have to sacrifice a few months out of the year to go make millions of dollars and I can't see my daughter every waking moment. He's insanely overrated and really only gets so much love because he's white and WASPs can say he raps "real shit" not like those other shitheads on the radio when in reality, the people that diss weezy, kanye, etc know jack shit about hip hop.
1	Odds are when people do something and it doesn't work out, they know not to do it again. They don't need you asking why. That puts people on tilt because the answer is nearly always "I thought it was a good idea" and the result is usually going to be "I now know it wasn't and wont be doing it again". If they don't learn, you don't have to play with them again so what does it matter?
0	To be honest... they pay me the minimum amount they can... so I put in the minimum amount of response that I can:"...".
1	I've done this many times but I will reach X elo (usually around 1800) where I am pretty contempt with my play of a role, for example mid/support while focusinng on a few characters (Soraka/Anivia #1) and then go and try ranked games with people I am not so good at (oh cassiopia) and then work on other roles, sure I have dropped 100 elo many times doing this, but overall it forces me to improve my knowledge of every role and every match up which as a player makes me feel good and improve for the long run, which is hopefully to one day try and play competitively.   So yeah
0	Something somewhat related to me happened last night. I was at a 4 way somewhat big intersection trying to turn left, and the light was out so it was flashing red and everyone was taking turns. It was really slow and there was only 1 car to wait for who was going straight coming from my left. I let that car go and began to make my left turn, noticing a car coming straight for me and I realized he wasnt going to stop and was like WTF. It turned out that the light was fixed while I was letting the guy to the left go and the guy going straight had a green light and I had a red arrow. Timing man.
1	My understanding of the situation is that Singed needs to rush catalyst too badly to build a hextech revolver whilst it would still be useful, and come later levels has adequate health regen from his ultimate. As for spellvamp quints, if you got all 3 that adds up to 6%. If you hit six minions with your level 1 poison, that would deal 132 damage. 6% of that is approximately 8 health regen per second, at the cost of pushing your lane and burning mana. It doesn't seem like a good trade off.
0	Completely irrelevant to this thread, but here:   I am a mechanical engineer, and I agree: jet fuel cannot melt steel beams. It CAN (and did), however, weaken the steel to the point that it couldn't bear the weight of the building. Think of putty in your hands. The more you knead it, the warmer it gets,  the more pliable it becomes. Same with steel. A blacksmith doesn't melt steel, they heat it up to soften it.
1	You need to realise that ranked is only accurate if you keep playing. If you only play a small amount of games your place most likely won't match your skill level. You are correct. Someone can get lucky and get carried to diamond in theory. However ranked isn't about playing a bunch of games and then waiting the rest of the season. Assuming this player then keeps playing ranked once in a while he will eventually get closer and closer to his actual skill level.
0	I feel your pain. It's the same story with Game of Thrones, How I met your Mother, Suits, Sherlock, Dexter, House, Gray's Anantomy, South Park, Top Gear, The Office (American one), Naruto, Bleach, Full Metal Alchemist or something, Big Bang Theory, LOST, Prison Break, The Mentalist, Monk, Ugly Betty, Sesame Street (JK, lulz), Chuck, Arrow and all that other stuff mostly women watch, such as 90210, Gossip Girl, Vampire Diaries etc.
1	I like EG and root for them in many games but it makes me sad to see how dominating froggen usually is but in the end , no matter how much he tries to carry , something goes wrong.
1	Yeah I've noticed this too - I figured it might be champs that people pick but then ultimately choose someone else during draft mode champ select. I just figured this cuz I wanted Janna, some guy picked her then went ali and I could pick her despite a big red circle on her face. So I tried to troll enemy team and just clicked through EVERY champion I owned. No idea if it worked though..
1	As someone who plays regularly with 4-5 people, often having a "random", don't be a dick, then blame the premade for ganging up on you. So many times when we play, the first thing we ask is "Where do you want to play?". 6-7/10 times there is no answer. Then, they lock in something we already have. Then there's the people that answer "Im taking X or i feed". This happens so many times. Just because we're 4, it doesn't mean we have a magical ability to know what people want to play.   Yesterday, queued, got put with a guy who was an exception to these rules. Brilliant we thought. We invited him on to mumble with us. As soon as the game started going a little bit pear shaped, he started raging, and raging. Because he left Mumble early on, and didn't tell us, we were trying to communicate with obviously nothing going on.
1	The only submission to "best non-meta discussion" that is actually a discussion, a substantial one at that, also the only one that is not a story, not a circle jerk, not a cat-fighting pissing contest, etc.   Also I haven't seen it before and seems like a very valid observation that actually warrants a bigger discussion.   Good going.   Also since you didn't include any information, for people looking for a
1	I know I'm really late to the party here, but ELO is not a system that can accommodate a team game. It's a decent ranking system for individuals who play other individuals, but even using it for what it is designed for it still has some flaws.   I'm not sure what Riot did to the math when they had ELO implemented so that it worked with multiple people. I wish I did, so I could be a bit better informed about this topic.   People weren't happy with the ranking system back when ELO was used either. But, this may be a case of not being able to please everybody.
1	What's worse is that his
0	A meme is like an inside joke on the Internet. Just like many of you have inside jokes with your friends (ie: Jimmy hit on a fat chick when he was drunk one day, Jimmy is now known as Whale-Fucker), we as a community have inside jokes which are memes.   For example : "What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo."   That entire paragraph is a meme. It's an inside joke that we have, that summerfags don't get, because they aren't in on the joke, or the MEME.   Another example of a meme is this picture :   The "Potato Girl" can be considered a meme, even though her face is part of an image macro. It's the joke behind the image macro, which makes her a meme.   Hopefully, this will shed some light on the entire situation. I do not claim to be an expert, but I do know there is a difference between an image macro and a meme. Big difference.
1	I go standard AP runepage and just mess about with masteries a bit, 21/9 with 2 points in Butcher in offensive tree and dmg reduction and armor in defensive :)   You start with a machete and make it into a spirit stone on your 1st back. Then either u start ganking and go towards haunting guise and quick dfg or u finish the spirit for a quicker farm alltho i really rarely do that. You pretty much go for a magic pen + dfg early. Then it depends on how the game goes. If you stomp hard u can try rylai to dive even deeper but i usualy just get zonya or abyssal. You're purpose is go gank and not teamfight.   If your bot laners will give you info where the wards EXACTLY are you can catch people off guard all the time. Supports wont have enough gold to ward all 3 ways with pinks every 3 minutes.
0	My mom and dad were 5'2" and 6' respectively before they started shrinking (both are under 50, so I'm doomed to get even shorter) and I'm 5'3" (at 20 years old). My brother is 15 and I do believe he just hit 6' and isn't done growing. When I was a little kid the doctor said I'd probably end up being 5'9" or so (because my maternal grandmother was tall and because I have proportionally long legs). I clearly missed the genetics mark there. But I've been with guys ranging from about 5'6" to 6'4" (though, sorry, I do prefer the taller ones).
1	I don't think he's toxic; he just entertains - but people take what he does as entertainment to strategy (specifically people who don't understand the difference, such as the young demographic of people whom play League.)   It's clear he knows better when he plays, but does these silly things, from what I can tell, for comical value and just so he personally wont become bored from just continuously playing the game. There was a time when he was more serious about League, but now, he hasn't shown the initiative in his streams to get back to the professional level he was once at. I say this because if I recall correctly, he has played against many different junglers in the competitive League scene and had done well against them.   So it goes without a doubt he still can/still be at that level, but has became stagnate I'd say, because his viewer-base is now focused on his "disrespect"-shtick is easier to do than actually getting back into the groove of grinding Elo to Challenger. Everything he has done and said  on his stream, in relation to the "disrespect-shtick" is done jokingly; but many of his viewers, specifically newer players, want to emulate him so that they "could" get up in elo, including the comedic things he does as well; even if they fail while doing it.   His viewers are toxic in this right, because they're not playing to improve by emulating; they're aiming to become something that exists jokingly. And since this game is out of our control, people being spiteful because they're not winning, a lot of people blame Trick2g because his viewers act on what he has taught, but twist it into something that isn't even what Trick2g's strategies are.   Solution: Trick2g needs to drop the "disrespect-shtick" and grind to challenger playing very seriously, which is something he is probably aware he could do if he set himself to it, and stop trying to make his stream comedic, because comedy and League just don't mix because otherwise you can accidentally make people believe that the joking around he does is serious, and when people try to emulate it, they come off toxic, and end up looking toxic to others, and probably even come to embrace it too - even if trick2g isn't going around being toxic.
1	Thing is, Ezreal is does have damage late game.  Adcs aren't suppose to being going into the enemy team and kill their carry, that is your brusier's and jungler's job. As adc, your just suppose to sit in the back and damage everyone that you can, which most of the time are the front line people (like tanks). Because of this, it might make you feel like your not doing damage, but as an adc, you always are. Also if you land your skill shots and especially your ult in a team fight, thats 50% attack speed instantly so your autos shouldnt be slow at all. Also, imo, triforce gives enough attack speed for ez. The sheen from triforce early game is really strong as well since q procs onhits (in this case sheen) which leads to huge burst pokes if you land q's in lane and same goes for team fights if you have decent farm/kills.
1	Reds: M.Pen is pretty much the only way to go.   Yellows: I'd start by trying out flat ManaRegen. Levels 1-6 or so are where he really needs the mana regen, so getting more early is better. Plus you should be getting blue buff later.   Blues: MR or MR/lvl. More ManaRegen isn't really needed, but you'll need MR to be able to trade blows.   Quints: M.Speed is good here, or else maybe HP.   Masteries, I'm a fan of 0/21/9. YOu get mana and mana regen from utility, and you're then tanky enough to be able to stand near a teamfight and spam spells. Granted, I haven't played much Ryze recently, so I'm really just going on what I've read.   As for going with all mana, if I'm remembering correctly, flat mana doesn't offer as much actual damage as going AP, and won't really help your mana problems once you run out, while mana regen will. The only time to do this is if you absolutely have to dominate your lane early. Don't ask me when that would be though.   Scaling Mana will give you better damage, but at high levels it's pretty negligible from what I remember.
0	That's always been such an interesting thought in my mind. People talk like the other guy would have done everything right. There is no way to tell if he wouldn't have done the same or even been worse. Maybe just maybe the whole damn system is fucked up and needs a rework not one specific person regardless of rank.
0	Body image issues != Gender Identity issues   Edit : I am a transwoman, my significant other has body image issues (overweight). With Gender Identity issues, you're perceived as something ENTIRELY different than how you feel inside and the depression and anger and frustration and the plethora of other feelings that come from that incongruancy. With gender identity, it's a bit more than just, I don't look how I want, it's how you're perceived in society, there's a FAR stronger social aspect because not only do people not see what you want to look like, but they'll call you he instead of she (sometimes just out of spite), some people you know will call you your old name even after you've legally changed it and you've corrected them thousands of times. I am not saying the two are not similar, they are.   Body image issues can wind up making the person feeling just as bad if not worse than some trans people, and vice versa. There's a number of things that can be done YOURSELF without the help of a doctor, (exercise, working out, specific/proper diet) to help rectify things like not enough muscle, overweight, under-weight, these are things that won't fix ANY gender identity issues. Surgery is where it starts becoming far more similar, a epsecially the more 'drastic' the surgery, such as a whole new face (I'm failing to think of anything else that would really significantly change how you're perceived with surgery and only body image issues) When my s/o looks in the mirror, she sees herself, she's unhappy with it, sometimes her mind will exaggerate what she sees, but for the most part, she sees herself. There are things she can do to fix that without needing to go to a doctor. When I look in the mirror, I don't see myself (pre-transition) I do not see a girl at all, nothing about what I see in the mirror is at all 'me'. While someone else that wants a new nose would need to spend about $10k to get that new nose, to get everything that I want, not only will I have to go through gatekeeping by the medical system (which has been significantly reduced over the past decade) I'll have to take pills for the rest of my life, I'll need to get 2 maybe even 3 surgeries. While you might argue that people with body image issues get surgeries to fix certain things, some if not most, don't have to, they choose to. I didn't choose to be trans, there is no way in existence that I could be happy with the body I currently have and no amount of hard work, exercise, proper diet, etc will make me be happy. On top of all this, the person I was before I came to terms with this, the person that experienced everything I've lived through, was barely if at all, me. I have to figure out a whole plethora of new habits, behaviors, responses, and interactions that fit the real me, since the ones that I've been using for so long are based around the idea of being a male when I am not.   I'm not looking to start a pissing contest between who has it worse, neither problem is 'worse' than the other, both have high suicide rates, both have social issues (teasing, harassment) Sticking with the original meme post, Getting a new nose, is in NO WAY, the same as having gender issues and that's what the meme was boiling it down to. As a trans-woman I would HARDLY consider SRS or Mastecomy (FTM) and possibly FFS as even remotely 'elective' for the majority of trans people.
0	My dad blames my fiancé for me leaving home but he never thought that him physically mentally emotionally abusing me wasn't the case or when my brother kicked my door down and tried to kill me and eh I tried to defend my self it was "it's okay if he hurts you" and my brother tried to call the police on me. I begged my gf before she became my fiancé to get me out of there. Her family took me in and treated me like a son and still do. They've shown me so much compassion that it still throws me off. My family never said I love you to each other so when they tell me they love me I'm just confused. Besides my fiancé its really hard to say I love you even though I do it like makes me cringe or something I can't explain. Anyway
0	You kids had everything man, I had a 48k spectrum and thought I was the shit because my best friend only had a 16k spectrum. He later got a rampack to bring it up to 48k. We both felt sorry for the poor guy in our class that had a ZX81, that was a 1k machine.
1	As a Brazilian player i can pretty much tell you that we had some major improvement about trolls and that stuff. Here's a tip if you want to be away from trouble: Play draft/ranked only. It wont save you from trolling and that stuff, but it'll help you alot. The real problem is about queues: When i queue up with an 1.3k friend (i'm 1.2k) we sometimes get players from 800 to 1.9k.   I just love those guys saying that the brazilian community is FULLY toxic. IMO it's as toxic as all other communities, but you'll know when a toxic one is a brazilian.
1	I have to admit, I've seen a lot less raging in chat. It's mostly just people saying "fuck this jungler I quit" and going AFK, or they just say "/all GG" 5 minutes in and start running continuously into the enemy team feeding them kills for the rest of the game.   I actually preferred before when people would rage but still actually play the damn game, you could mute them and still go on to win. These types of "guaranteed loss trolls" always existed but they seem way more prevalent now, maybe because they can't get out their frustration through raging...idk. Or maybe it's because I let my account decay to silver and no one there cares about rewards.   Then there are the more creative trolls that do shit like purposefully feeding buffs to the enemy solo lanes, and pinging that they are ganking then right as you go all-in they stop and just watch while you die or blow flash trying to escape because you thought you had backup. Been seeing these a lot lately too. Usually some jackass that doesn't like the champ someone picks, and says "you are going to lose that champ sucks" and then proceeds to guarantee you lose your lane.   And the worst part is at a glance it looks like I'm the one that is feeding because I have crap CS and a lot of deaths, so unless Riot has some way to detect when this kind of stuff is going on They will probably never get banned. Even saying exactly what they are doing in chat doesn't work because they will just say "no i didn't you just suck" and the rest of the team don't see whats going on so they back him up etc... This exact scenario happened twice last night after I made this post.
1	I dont know his exact words but it was all something that bjergsen worse than hai, should step UP Game the catch put them behind where they came nervt come back, botlane got outplayed by other botlane etc.
1	Magic damage, yes. However, building AP early on most supports is incredibly risky. You shouldn't be ONLY poking. A lot of a support's power is the ability to zone without spamming their abilities. Take Janna, for example. A lot of lower elo supports play her as this ability-spamming machine only to quickly run out of mana midway through level 3. Building AP doesn't solve this problem because many supports also rely on skillshots (think Janna, Lulu, Sona-ish? The targeting on that Q is annoying as hell, though power chord is pretty handy) that may or may not hit.   Instead of buying AP, your best bet is to put money into wards, wards, and more wards.   Vision is your best friend. If you ward the lane brush, it means you can harass while still being relatively safe. Auto, the enemy in the now not-so-safe spot and dive back into the lane brush on your side of the map. They can't target you AND you got 1-2 autos worth of damage on them with no damage in return.   The second best friend to supports is conservative mana use. Sure, it's important to poke and harass, but that's not the only point of a support. Zoning is less about spamming all the things and more about being a presence. The number one thing most high-level supports do well is use their mana and gold to the highest efficiency.
1	That's wrong, I'm afraid.   If, for whatever reason, in whatever fantasyland, Coast were getting 100k gold per game and Nintendude got a mere 10k of that, he'd only be getting 10% of the team's gold.  Whereas TSM might only get 20k gold per game, and Oddone might get 4k of that, or 20%.  That would put Oddone way above Nintendude on this chart, even though Nintendude is buying way more items than Oddone.
1	I'm only plat 2, but Zyra is my main and she pulled me from gold 5 to where i am now. I main support as well and play her almost exclusively on that role. I've played her so much that right now if i dont know which support to pick, i always go zyra, she is my safe pick, and even when countered, i manage to go even if we dont get ahead....very few times we are behind...and only by a little bit.   I don't know what difference it will make in higher elo but right now she has amazing laning phase and teamfight presence, her plants are very strong still and despise the nerf, i feel she is great at disengaging or counter engaging/turning fights around. Sometimes people understimate the damage of her plants and the zoning potential of her ult along with the CC.   That being said, landing an E has become harder as i climb the ladder. And ive found annie is much better at her job and CCing or turning fights aorund; however, her range gives u safety and if u are good at landing skillshots, this is a great champ...i hope that when i get to diamond (hoping i do, it's my goal for s4) i can still play her just as well if not better.   (i know i wasnt very detailed...but i guess i the type of person that just knows how to do stuff, but dont understand it very well...it just WORKS for me...so i play along with what i know)
1	Well, first off, that is your opinion, and your friend is free to disagree.   Obviously surrendering makes your chance of winning 0 but some people would just rather play another game that they have a better chance of winning.   Giving up is a bad attitude, and won't be changed anytime soon unless you can prove that you can solo-carry and make those comeback plays.
1	No. DFG is 3 letters. A triangle has 3 sides. No is 2 letters. 3+2=5. Teemo is 5 letters. 3x2=6. 6x111=666. Satan. Teemo. DFG.  Illuminati confirmed.
0	I agree.   But taking that into hindsight, let's look at the major things that came from all of us getting along and playing nice in the kiddy-pool of the world, The Space Station and the fall of the Berlin Wall just as examples.   Were there some recent rough jaunts? Of course! The war with Georgia that everyone seems to have forgotten in 2008, not to mention the most recent annexing of Crimea. How about China knowingly selling us flawed components for use in development of military arms in 2009-2010 thanks to a government backed agreement with Lockheed-Martain?   We as a nation are no better. Look at the train wreck that is in the Trans-Pacific Trade Deal that has been leaked, and you can see where we are literally screwing our neighbors and securing areas of commerce that need no steep regulation (like computer programming and software development) that will in the end lead to us bleeding out more resources over a short-term bandage for something that needs a tourniquet.   However, all that aside there are bases that we don't need footholds in where we burn millions in occupying for only days out of the year, and billions worth in aid that we throw away to repair the "black eye" we have on levels of respect with other nations. There are issues that have no concern to us that we meddle in, such as the infighting between Sunni and Shiite people in the Middle East (Bahrain), the exploitation of the Han people in Eastern China, or even the Human Rights issues of North Korea.   We have our hard working poor and destitute to worry about as well, and instead of aiding them we push them to the side and say: "Sorry Vietnam/Desert Storm/Iraq War Veteran, we know you're hungry, sick and have been fucked religiously by the VA-Offices, but we'll get back to you after we fix this growing publicity issue that needs attending to right now."   Or another great one that no one takes interest in: "We're sorry residential Miner, we sold the rights for you to work when the mine got sold out from under your nose by the owning company. We understand 3-generations of your family have sacrificed themselves to the GDP of America, and you figuratively have nothing else here to live off of since it's a Right To Work state and the land is too poisoned to grow food off of... So good luck relocating your family off of the few hundred dollars you made every week here to survive. Your severance check will come in two months when the deal is finalized."   I'm all for a good stabilized foreign policy, but my only point is there's a few things in the homeland we need to desperately look at with a magnifying glass if we want to be as great as we were. "The American Dream" came and went for the middle class citizen 45-years ago, and politicians have been baiting us that "it's coming around the corner again if you get me in office". It's only fair that the politicians running the shit-show help us first and worry about dipping hands into the volcanic eruption in Chile second, that's all I'm saying.
0	Best of luck at the endo man...Mine was a jerk, no joke did MRI scans to check why my T was low, then said nothing came up but he won't treat patients at my age -- and from reading online most are not going to treat you unless you are over fifty in that case....but back to your question, I did try topicals and do not recommend for a few reasons but I'll keep it short, they are nasty and stick to your clothes...plus you can't regulate the actual amount of testosterone your body absorbs. The shots are shots which scared me at first, but literally now I look forward to getting my two shots every week...in fact I drive 30 minutes away to get the shots from a clinic.
1	AP usually don't have an escape, so they go mid because the lane is shorter and it's harder to gank and easier to escape. Also, AP carries tend to beat AD carries mid because their harass does more damage and does not aggro minion waves (e.g. Kassadin Q versus Ashe autoattack, even with the guaranteed crit). Finally, AP scales better with levels than AD carry because their damage comes mainly from spells, so an extra level increases their spell damage significantly.   In contrast, AD/lvl is fairly low, so an AD carry's damage is not as dependent on levels and much more on items, as spells are used more for utility (e.g. Tristana W or Caitlyn W).   The first reason (squishy with no escape) is the main reason that AD used to go mid. I also think this may have been a holdover from DotA days (correct me if I'm wrong, I never really got into DotA). Some AD carries are still viable mid, such as Tristana, Ezreal, and Caitlyn, who play more like casters earlygame and have strong escapes. However, there is no reason to run two AD carries and gimp your earlygame-midgame, and not every AP carry benefits from going bot (perhaps Veigar/Soraka? Although I think Infuse isn't enough to address Veigar's laning issues, he just uses TOO MUCH MANA on anything except Q farming and basically has to blow his whole mana bar to do anything other than farm, after which, win or lose, he probably will have to b).   Bruisers tend to have blinks/escapes and generally be tankier and more sustainable. Top lane is longer and has more effective gank paths, so this is important to not die to jungle all the time. Also, since top tends to be a little disconnected from the rest of the team earlygame, champions with sustain are stronger because they can hold lane forever without going back.   AD/support bot is because AD needs a solo lane farm but doesn't really need solo lane XP, while the same is usually true for support (minus the farm).   Good support characters have a lot of utility on their non-ult spells (Taric stun/heal/armor buff, Soraka silence/heal/manaheal, Alistar knockup/knockback/heal), so it's okay for them to be, say, level 5 during the first dragon fight. High utility means that they do not need  AP/AD to be useful in a fight.   These two go well together because AD carries are just as squishy as AP carry, and generally have no sustain except for some lifesteal from Doran's Blades. Supports help them farm longer and place wards to prevent ganks, as well as help harass the enemy laners and generally keep them off the AD's back. Finally, supports help otherwise fairly weak earlygame AD carries to make plays and get kills, helping them snowball into lategame.   The AD/support meta exploded at Dreamhack, where EU swept the tournament and generally dominated all the top NA teams because of the high efficiency of the strategy. Of course, at the time they ran double AP most of the time, but bruisers have just come to dominate top lane much better for the reasons I stated (this is a throwback to the so-called tanky DPS meta). Double AP still works, but often that extra beefiness/utility that many bruisers bring is more helpful to the team than more AP burst, since AP casters fall off lategame anyways and bruisers generally support the AD carry better in teamfights (compare a Cho'gath or Udyr top versus an Anivia or Cassiopeia top).   At the time NA played mostly AD mid, AP top, tank/support bot. This is inefficient because tanks and supports tend to split CS in bot, but support has limited uses for the cash. Also, since most tanks and bruisers have high sustain, the heals on supports are wasted in that lane. Many tanks go in the jungle, and a second tank is not useful (you do not need Rammus and Amumu on the same team, for example). If you replace it with a bruiser, however, they get little benefit from having a support babysitting them.   AP top tended to be susceptible to ganks, and also tend to lose against bruisers in lane as they get out-sustained.   Essentially, NA meta's top and mid lanes couldn't win their lanes against EU meta's lanes, and bot lane could play passive against a more agressive tank/support lane and still get enough CS to do well. EU lanes were harder to gank as well.   Is the current meta the perfect meta? Who knows. However, what it is is a direct counter to any other idea people had at the time, as well as generally more efficient. However, recently, we've seen alternate comps run successfully (I forget who, but someone recently ran Karthus/Soraka bot). Of course, the amount of difference is minimal (Karthus is a sustained damage dealer and thus benefits as much from AP as levels, and Soraka's Infuse is useful for a spammy AP champ; the reasoning is much the same as AD/support). EG also ran comps without an AD carry at MLG Providence, but the jury is still out since it wasn't quite that successful against TSM's more standard setup in most of the games.
0	26 and just transferred to a new college.  I am an old man here it seems.  I watch the 18 or 19 year olds go off to party, get wasted, and fuck whilst I sit on a bench.  But I figure it's fine for them, I lived that life and don't need to go back.  I have a small number of acquaintances who I can go out with for dinner or what have you, they're mostly 19 or 20 but they're good people and don't go in for the booze and parties.
1	You are making more of this than I intended.  My point is that the sample size is very small, so the implied three-digit precision of the numbers is illusory.  There is no way to "prove" that the skill difference between KBM and ALL is smaller than the skill difference between FNC and SSB based on how the math works out from six games.  You can say that your mathematical model of skill difference provides one way to rate it, but if the result is not in line with opinions based on more information, then it may be that the model is inaccurate; certainly the single point numbers you use would be more accurately described by distributions around a mean.   Even that mean is subject to some skew.  For example, had KBM not won at all, it would be a DP scenario, where the ELO score would be a guesstimate.  How valid is it to try to precisely determine an ELO number (or midpoint of an ELO range) based on a single win?   A case that warrants some investigation, perhaps: SSB lost one game whereas SSW lost none, and SSB was docked only 90 points,  rather than the ~200 that would have tied them with one-loss SHRC, or the ~200 that KBM was given for winning one game.  Had SSB been docked the full 200 points, then FNC's upset delta would have been smaller.
1	While I am not a fan of Cop and don't like his team fight play style, the numbers that he put up during the Spring speak for themselves. By FAR the most consistent (but no where near the best) ADC in NA DURING the spring.   I feel like Edward joining Curse presents a very interesting situation for the team. For one, all of the pressure will be taken off of Voyboy and Saint and put on Edward and Cop. Secondly, and most importantly, Cop now gets the chance to prove that it was inadequate supports that were slowing him down. And lastly, I PERSONALLY want to see that he develop a bigger champ pool and that he isn't just a walking Bullet Time...   Now while I did not even know League existed at the time, the situation that Cop is in I feel is very similar to what I have heard was the situation for DoubleLift when Chauster was his support.   Now, while I may be very biased, I feel like that last statement is key because of one particular variable that a lot of people have pointed out. There exists an ADC who is a free agent right now who complements Edward and Curse's play style perfectly. That player is obviously Aphromoo. Of course, aphro hasn't played ADC competitively since December (I think?), but WHEN he did, he was MUCH better than Cop and excluding the LAN inexperience, was considered among the best in the world mechanically.
1	Let's go through some basic assumptions then. Let's assume the following things.     Games are different with different champions and different abilities on either sides.     You can't control how much specific damage your team will do to the buff, vice-versa with the enemy buff, with 100% predictability.       Under those two assumptions, it's safe to say that by getting damage on early buff and wolves; it would create irregular data. Irregular data is pointless and unreliable.   So, the only way we can get standardized data which can be used to compare junglers would be to get it without any other factors. This way junglers' ability, albeit not entirely practical, will be compared with another junglers' ability on an equal level.   In regards to how the data can be interpreted effectively, it can be used to address how changes to jungle can effect clear times, or which junglers use the least amount of health to do camps, or which junglers deal the most damage, or which junglers can be the most reliable even when occasions where you don't get a leash arise.   Of course, you can make an argument that the data can't be used to address viability; however, there are often times that junglers may have to do buffs themselves without the team in the case of a jungle defence / scout / late invade (often done by pro teams). In these cases, knowing which junglers can successfully clear a jungle safely without dieing to camps is extremely helpful.   Moreover, the data can be used to compare how junglers fair against other junglers in terms of clear time. Assuming junglers get the SAME leash, then junglers should be able to clear JUST as fast or faster than without a leash. Clear times can just be subtracted from how much time was reduced from the leash on both sides. If the argument is made that one jungler gets a really strong pull and the other jungler gets a really weak pull, then that's an uncontrollable factor in the equation that's incalculable.   If you have good understanding of clear times, even with a leash you can use it to your advantage. Although you won't get an ABSOLUTE time (which is impossible due to initial assumptions), you'll be able to get an approximate time.
0	However, if there are lazy writes, then you may not necessarily know exactly when a copying action is still taking place, potentially long after you've dragged-and-dropped that file. That said, it is hoped that most modern OSes would have a degree of awareness that this is going out to a USB mass storage device and therefore opt to make their writes a bit more predictable — but unless you actually know that the code you're running does this, it's not guaranteed.
1	And I just told you what the actual reason was. It didn't have anything to do with Regi playing toplane or anything. They even said so themselves...   edit:
1	My goals? Reach Plat 1 or better. I only started playing ranked in season 2, at the end of it because I didn't think I was good enough to play ranked. I was placed in Gold around 1550 elo or so, but after the season ended my elo had dropped even lower. So when I did my placements in season 3 I started at Silver 2. I got to Gold 1 by the end of season 3. Placed back into Gold 1 from my 10 placement matches in season 4, played 1 game a month to not decay. Missed a couple days and decayed to Gold 2, but have now reached Plat 5 in about 50 total ranked games in the season.
0	I've had 2 calc teachers that you couldn't understand for the life of you (Calc 2 and Calc 3). Both of them were obviously VERY smart, one Indian dude and one Russian. They had that air about them of superiority and impatience for stupid questions, or questions at all. Guess what, I don't need somebody to spend the entire class period throwing the occasions on the board that are in the book, I need someone to spend a few minutes explaining the concept behind the equations, breaking them down in a way I can understand. In the end it was patrickJMT on youtube and Salman Khan from Khan Academy that taught me everything I know about those classes.   Calc 1 though, had this down to earth 30ish dude who uttered very few large words and said things like Guys, this looks complicated, but all you're doing is (explains it in straight forward terms referencing stuff we've already learned to do)." Spent very little time writing down the equations in the book and more time going through actual problems and explaining the significance behind the math and the common sense to make it stick. Yes there were proofs and yes there were complicated parts and this guy obviously couldn't build a rocket, but he could teach you calculus in a way that felt like a casual conversation and you'd understand it.
1	Uhh the rules are to
1	There were many miscalculations that lead to this event fail. first of all the venue's capacity was 3000 people and there were at least half of that number waiting outside after the venue was full. So Riot organised and open event without a general entrance fee in a country that holds a community of 60-80000 lol players and expected this single venue to be sufficient. What they could have done alternatively is either print tickets for the event (something that would prevent the really young kids from just showing up just out of curiosity) or make the event at another venue (there are a couple of venues located a couple of kilometres from the event that have 10000-20000 capacity). Apart from that another venue would most probably provide more entrances to the people attending as the current venue had just 1 entrance (something that increased the entrance time to something up to 3 hours).   ps: its worth noting that the venue in which riot held the event is not an actual exhibition center but a venue that worked as a night club last winter.
0	I've done the most embarrassing one in the thread so far.. While talking on the phone with my cousin, I checked my pocket for my phone, then proceeded to tell my cousin i had no idea where my phone is.. over the phone..
0	I may be downvoted for this, but I believe that people with addictions, see Drugs, Alcohol, have an out-to-get-you mentality, which can lead to them using you for food whilst they save their $ for their drug of choice.
1	Finally something to do a in depth patch rundown other than blakinola'd
1	eh if you think about it "face to hate at" is kind of a valuable asset for a company like this.  consider, for  every  nerf, rework, or tweak, the company  will  face backlash from people who like how the champion currently works.   take the whole lee sin thing.  as a skarner main i fucking hate lee sin.   lee's early game strength and movement advantage bends skarner over.  and because thats my perspective i think nerfign lee's early game and balancing his power curve is great, i'm thrilled.  hell they've already nerfed elise, all we need is kha and i bet skarn will be competitive in pro play.   but everybody who owns lee and loves shitting over the enemy jungle all early game is pissed, and is latching on to the whole "lee sin is the most balanced champ in the game" statement, and every pro that like's him's bitching.   i think the whole "most balanced" shit is completely false because his mobility is so incredible and i think early game strength is more powerful than late game strength overall.  late game strength doesn't have your team going "surrender at 20" five minutes in.   to get back to the point a little, those of us who are happy about lee getting nerfed  could  be in the majority, who knows, but we have a million times less investment in it than the lee sin mains.  so almost all the "community feedback" about a nerf can be assumed to be negative.  those of us who are happy about it don't start threads of joy demanding riot keep the nerf in place. No, we think [good]( and maybe smirk a little.   so having a "blame lightning rod" maybe diverts some of the attention from the company name, and instead onto that jerk ghost crawler who kept changing which deathknight talent tree was best by rolling a d6.  an almost "celebrity personality" to give a name to blame, who is also good, or at lest decent, at explaining to the community why changes are being made.
0	Don't know why you're getting downvoted.   Yeah, if my SO texted me 81 times due to going somewhere for one night... we wouldn't be together much longer.
0	I'm so sick of this comment. Every discussion about online advertising has this as one of the top comments. I know I'm going to get downvoted to oblivion but this annoys me so much I can't hold my tongue for a number of reasons.   My question, as it always is (check my comment history) is what is the purpose of blocking ads? If you're trying to stick it to corporations that's one thing, if you just find ads too annoying for your sanctified internet experience that's another. Both of these viewpoints have serious issues associated with them, which I'll try to explain my opinion on below. I don't mean to be flippant or derogatory, I've just yet to see a good counterpoint to the arguments that I'll make below.     If you disable for sites that you support you're not stopping the collection of your personal, behavioral and demographic information in any meaningful way.  I can go into more detail if you'd like but 3rd party ad networks, information derived from your browser, anything where you sign into an  server - it all exposes your information to advertisers/ad networks.     You're probably meaningless. Although reddit skews young (18-29), and doesn't have a strong HHI breakdown - thus making it attractive to advertisers, you're still dealing with 5% of American adults who use reddit. Assuming that 5% of that % (which is very, very generous - it's probably closer to <1%) use Adblock you're talking about 0.25% of the US internet. This percentage is tiny, especially when you consider the fact that 67% of the US adult pop uses FB. Oh, and hey if you also use Facebook you're giving away more information than you could ever possibly stop with AdBlocker. Also, reddit skews heavily male, which makes it substantially less attractive to potential advertisers than it would be if it had a 50/50 breakdown     If you weren't meaningless you would be destroying the internet. Blocking ads on the internet is like subscribing to a newspaper but picking a subscription package that eliminates all classified ads. The problem is that if newspapers had an option like this they would charge a higher rate because they would need to recover their costs from a lack of ad revenue. The issue with the internet is that you don't pay subscription fees (except for very select premium services, which by the way likely sell your information back to the ad networks at a very high premium because you are an authenticated user with lots of demographic and behavioral data and a unique cookie/identifier). At the very least they leverage your data to make their advertising decisions.
0	I remember the first time I smoked a cigarette so very vividly. I had bought some hash, and I didn't have a pipe to smoke it in - a friend told me I could just use tobacco with regular rolling papers. I mooched a cigarette from a friend (Red Blend, oh god) and made my first ever joint. Nobody had told me about cigarette roasting, and I knew you didn't have filters in a joint. Sprinkled the (shitty) hash over the tobacco - lit it and took my first ever drag. I felt the smoke in my lungs and was excited. I took a second drag, and a third. Seconds after, my head started spinning, I couldn't stand up. My body felt like it was imploding on itself, my brain couldn't comprehend what was happening. I had never even tried alcohol, so intoxication of any kind was completely new to me. The thoughts rushed through my head. "Have I gotten bad weed?" "Is this what being high feels like?" "Am I injured?"   I had seen movies with weed, and it seemed so blissful and fun. This wasn't even close. I couldn't stand up, I had to lie down. Time slowed down as I started imagining the worst. I went to the bathroom, I was nauseous and felt sick to my stomach, but I didn't need to throw up. I sat on the toilet seat, my head in my hands, hoping I'd sober up soon.   About fifteen agonizing minutes later, I started feeling better. I called my friend who informed me that what I'd gone through was a nicotine kick. I vowed to never touch a cigarette again. The next day, I smoked the left over hash with a pair of pincers and a lighter, my mouth running as a stove fan above the glowing sandy cube. It was excellent and I had many ham sandwiches and watched Jeopardy.
1	I don't think MMR should be hidden at all. I think the system they have is fine regarding MMR but it should be seen. Dropping divisions should exist, but I think it should be realistic. Losing three games upon reaching a new division should not drop you back to the previous.   To me this should mean a sample size.   I often go on streaks of winning and losing, usually those win streaks are much longer than losing. For example, I win five in a row then lose three. 5-3 isn't bad but 5-0 is great and 0-3 is rough.
0	OP posted this here four days ago and got -5 karma.   OP posted this here today (with different title) and got 1549 karma and counting, and on the front page.
1	Listen, I hear ya. My MMR was pretty crap at the end of last season with similar gains and losses you have. You gotta just wait until your placement matches your mmr. In the mean time, stop looking at a LP gains and losses. It's gonna drive you crazy. Focus on improvement from game to game instead. If you die a lot, focus on dying at least one fewer time each game. If you don't roam enough, focus on finding times to roam. Eventually, you'll hit a win streak and your mmr will start to be normal and you'll gain lp and ranks.
1	Riot has already stated that they pump white noise into the headsets.  One of the reasons they tell players to put the headset back on when they take it off (in addition to it being part of the rules) is that the judges can't actually hear them talking even when right next to them because of how much noise there is.
1	It was a lot more than that. First of all they duo queue, HotShot on his main and Doublelift on HS's smurf Kakasoul. Champion select comes, they talk picks and it comes to DL being the only jungler. DL says he'll go Shaco, HS tells him like 30 times not to play Shaco and to play Amumu instead. He provided reasons for that, like team compositions etc.   Game starts, they all head to Lizard to protect it. HS tells DL to put his boxes in the Lizard bush so when enemy team comes, they get the opportunity to kill someone. DL puts ALL his boxes in the mini golems. Enemy team comes and plants a ward on red.   Everyone goes to lanes, DL goes to do red thinking he'll do it on time since he hadn't used smite on mini golems. He gets ganked by Nunu who gets both first blood and red from him. Nunu proceeds to immediately gank top, resulting in HS having to use Flash to escape.   Long story short, Nunu stole like every buff on the map in the first 20min, Shaco ganked like once all game and HS lost top to Renekton. Both HS and DL were unable to carry, they managed to drag it end-game by getting Baron (DL's best moment smiting it) and in the end won.
1	Once I got trashtalked by a wukong top when I ended up feeding my lane. I told him I messed up and that I'm not as pro as him and that I play normals for a reason. Suprisingly enough he apologized too and said he had been in so many games already where people would feed, like I did, but tell everyone they are trash, go afk or just intentionally feeding because "we can't win now GG noob lane feed riven 6/0".
1	Tried a team builder match with him earlier today, sat in queue for 25 minutes while playing a different game. Chatted with the team, they seemed nice. Didn't do too well to start off, however our team got 3 kills in the bot lane pretty fast, and I ended up getting killed. I was killed 3 times before I started playing ultra safe considering the 3rd death was me being towerdived. At this point our bot lane had lost their lead and the scoreboard was now even.   My team saw me with negative stats, and began blaming the entire match on me for some reason. The enemy Irelia hadn't even went to any other lanes or done anything else than go into their jungle when Nautilus tried counterjungling Shaco.   I caught up surprisingly quickly, and my stats were 4/4, I had been relevant throughout the entire match at least due to farming, so the stats were more just hoping the team would stop flaming me as well. I was the last man standing after a teamfight as our carries had positioned rather awkwardly, and Nautilus was AFKing and flaming me from the base.   I chatted with the enemy team a bit after my defeat, and they were really chill at least.
1	Scenario: you win your lane against Irelia. You have a few kills on her, taken her tower and about 60 minions more than her. Now you decide to take that advantage to your team - gank mid/bot and take a dragon, you might even push down some more towers for the gold advantage. Skip 10 minutes ahead : team fights. Now Irelia have gotten some farm while you were off helping your team, which means she has become the tank with high damage. You said she doesn't do a lot of  damage, but she really does. 75 truedamage + sustain is one of the best abilities in the game. Build tanky and melt the enemy away with next to none damage items.
1	Phreak is a great guy, but I just cannot agree with the whole, "if you're stuck there, then that's where you're supposed to be." description of Bronze, or any tier. It's not always black and white, and there is a lot of Grey. There are those people that are a cut above yet consistently held back their teammates. I think we've all had these games. And yeah, we are often part of the problem ourselves. It's not even a set percentage of how often it's our own fault. It varies by person, as do the games. Sometimes you're lucky enough to have teammates who know what they're doing, and enemies who don't, and vice versa. It happens in every tier from what I understand.
1	Are they really? front page now i don't see shit about morgana, 1 about a streamer, 1 about a bug, and 1 about a skin concept. That leaves 22 other possible things to be on the standard 25 link front page.. I see multiple discussion about the game itself, forum posts, discussions about worlds, client requests, item fixes, patch discussion, and a bunch of other things. The best part is that the ones that actually talk about the game are the ones that have the most upvotes. Not fanart, streamer highlights or any of the shit that is "so popular" on reddit. So no, you fucking suck.
0	This advice sounds simple, but for anyone who is not yet in the workforce, here is what happens when you go to HR with a complaint about your manager:     HR notifies your manager that you made a complaint.   (if you have a smart manager)  Your manager starts documenting every single mistake you make in order to build a paper trail.   Your manager fires you.   You are definitely out a job, and now it's harder to find a new job because you've been fired. Hope you have a lot of savings.     Let's say you file a lawsuit. It's going to take months to go to court, during which time you're unemployed, and there is no guarantee you'll win.
1	They used to follow you a lot less. It was dumb, because it meant that characters with halfway decent mobility could lose creep aggro without going far enough away to actually let you farm.
1	To elaborate, you can do many different jungle routes, you can choose to counter-jungle, if you you're feeling risky, you can try and do the first-blood trick by stacking boxes in bush for the enemy entrance.   After the jungle, you should/must gank non-stop. You should be 80% ganks, 20% jungle.   Shaco's skill-cap is pretty high and he's very fun to play; ganking every lane and seeing your teammates win their lane thanks to many successful ganks is a great feeling.   You can also solo dragon at level 6 if you have your wriggles (which you should by that point).   Mid/late game, your actual ferocity on the map decreases but you can split-push lanes like a madman and if someone comes to stop you, as Shaco, you will almost always win in a 1 on 1 fight because of the amount of utility that you have. If more people come to the point where you need to leave, then you're also too slick to be caught, just deceive and you're gone.
1	He's actually giving you the most efficient way to rush 30, and from the tone and reactions you're giving off, you have the money to spend that you made at your super fast paced high paying job.   Hes giving you an out to your, "time wasted", conundrum by informing you of how you could rush 30 about 5x faster than a highschooler grinding out normals.
0	Dude as a musician I would never rip on the hard work physics is, don't rip on how tough music classes are. Perhaps the reason they have straight A's is their passion for music and how willing they are to work in their field. You often find musicians spending hours doing their craft if not the entire day but few call it "work" because it looks fun. It isn't always fun and being a student of both music and psychology I have to say a lot of times the intense psychology classes are actually a lot easier.
0	2nd point is only relevant because of the 1st point.   If I owned a shop and declared all sales will contribute to helping the relief fund over there, yes I will get more people. If they asked me how much and I tell them 10%, I wouldn't be lying. I'm still making money from it, as well as garnering more attention to attract more potential buyers. Not to mention any long term customers.   The point is that point #2 only comes into play because of how little of a portion I'm willing to give.   >Good charities keep that percentage of dollar to donee really high. Bad charities don't and keep more of it for themselves whether by gross inefficiency or greed.   In effect she is a bad charity middle person. Yes, money does go to the target goal. Something less than 10% of sales. Why is this bad?   Using my shop example, because its not about the Philippines, its about getting more long term customers with warm and happy thoughts (about giving to charity) and when those warm and happy thoughted customers talk to others about my shop, they will have warm and happy words. What I'm saying is help the islands over there. What I'm doing is profiting. There's discontinuity that is happening.   What is she selling? Her image, her as a brand name. What shes doing is exploitive.   >How is that her fault? Any donation made by anyone follows the same process. International Medical Corps is in the same tier as the American Red Cross so unless you're getting your panties in a twist at those donating to Red Cross there is no argument here.   Its not, #2 was there to support point #1 on how little she actually giving as compared to what she is getting.   >You can argue that she has more money and should donate more or whatever. But to say she is doing less than nothing because the charity she is giving to is going to use some of that money on something other supplies is ridiculous. She's still donating 10% of the eBay sales. That's not nothing no matter how much you don't like her.   Its not that because she has more money she should donate more, its that she donated so little in order to make more money.   >Can you argue she should be doing more because of her financial situation? Sure, absolutely. But don't say it's nothing, she's donating money (probably more than you and I) to a cause that doesn't affect her. It might not be out of the goodness of her heart as much as publicity (which apparently backfired) but at the end of the day 10% of the sales are going to that charity and no one has been misled about that.   I didn't say anything about being misled. I didn't say it was nothing. You are saying that I did. In fact I think where you got that idea was...   >In this case, shes only promising 10%. Of that number it then goes to an actual charity that cuts the end purchase value to the donees to a much smaller number.
1	I get where your coming from, I tried Hots recently and I'm stomping them due to previous experience and i read up a bit on how that game works as it is different from League.   When it comes to your issues due to your previous knowledge you have an edge over other league rookies who for them, this might be their first moba or even first match against other players so its really easy for you to stomp them.   But then comes the cool part of your situation. YOU get to play against people who are better than you. If you make a change of mindset where you say: I have moba experience, but i know less on this game than these smurfs, im gonna learn as much as possible. Even though you have talked with your brother you'll see so many different match ups. The system identified you as a person who isn't a rookie due to your previous experienced which showed in your first matches, and this is the reason why you play against these smurfs.   The sad part is the system doesn't filter bronze - challenger smurfs so you get to taste the whole palette. The good part about it is when you hit 30, you'll hover around 50% winrate since the closer you get to 30 the system will start to match you with players of similar ELO.
1	Ahri is really good at diving the back line, and if she can land her charm, it will make or break a fight.  Her farming is a bit tough early game (doesn't have a quick lane clear early game).   Ori is my personal favorite AP mid atm.  Her early game is a bit boring if you go chalice (which I recommend).  Once you get a chalice on her, you can harass as much as you want and still farm very, very, very easily.  Late game, with an Athene's, you can harass so easily, as all of her cooldowns are very short.  Back lines FEAR Orianna's ball and you can easily drop an ADC or squishy APC, as well as chunk most bruisers.  Her shield is amazing late game, shielding for something like 500 damage, doing damage on the way to it's target, as long as like a 5-8 second cooldown late game (depending on your cdr)   Orianna can combo amazingly with any diver.  Malphite ult into Ori ult, awesome.  Amumu ult? Same thing.   ~ ~ ~
0	Like a lot have said, they volunteer for this (mostly-there are some get-out-of-jail cards and always are a few idiots) but whats the worst that can happen by assuming they aren't? They feel good about what they have done, perhaps satisfied or justified in their actions, or validated. And you merely show respect and support, where a disproportionate amount of people throw hate and anger. Worse case senario, you buy a drink for a guy who probably wouldn't be your friend. But you bought him/ her a drink, and your simple notion of thanks or a drink merely promotes positivity. Even the "assholes" and "idiots" will find some positive if its given to them.
0	I was the same way for 27 years and did that exact same thing. Big one morning at drill my buddy whose house I stayed at made me coffee and I said I don't like coffee he's like you'll like this I didn't like coffee either. I thought fuck it I guess I'll actually try coffee instead of sipping it and wincing at the taste. He made it for me and I liked it (regular coffee with a shit tone of creamer)  some months go by and haven't had a cup since(didn't know how he made it yet) then we went on a mission and he both had night shift so since the base was dead by 7pm we'd stop at the ecp(entry control point) talk to the guys there smoke and joke for a bit  and go on coffee and food runs, we're MPs. So one night I was at the gate and he got asked if I wanted coffee as they were headed off post I was like yeah,if you make it like you did last time. So he brought me back the coffee and I was like how do you make this? He said I just put like 8 creamers in there the vanilla ones to. I was like fuckn a. So I was getting coffee that whole time now. And now I get coffee almost regularly because I had to make it myself. Usually gas station coffee I get a vanilla cappuccino mix about 2-3 seconds of hot chocolate at the top and if they have it out about 2 of the new almond joy flavored creamers in there. Has a minimal coffee"bite" and tastes good mainly. For the first time two days ago I actually got a coffee (frapp) from Starbucks I usually get the non coffee vanilla bean frapp. This time I got a white chocolate frapp. It wasn't bad little bit more bite if I added caramel it woulda been better.   But
0	My friend did the same thing but the heat woke them all up and they flew out the smoke stack and stung the fuck out of him and his dog.
0	Ok. First, this does go in a bit of the other direction I've flown in this thread. I've been on both sides of this equation, and I totally feel the plight of the people who don't want to be tagged as bad people for "friend zoning". I'm going to have to interject for a minute, and this may or may not be fitting the bill of what you speak, but I would like to throw this out there as this firmly fits into your judgement. I am a married guy now. For a long time, I was not. The majority of my 'relation' decisions prior to getting married was really just about who I'd like to fuck. Needless to say... that never really resulted in a real relationship. Not to say it can't, but for me it didn't. Flash forward to around 26. I met my now current wife. We were friends before we ever dated. We hung out. I never looked at her like somebody I would like to fuck, but the more time we spent together the more I liked her 'in that way'. I banged a slew of her friends (who I guess you could say were more attractive). So.. in essence I had friend zoned her. That did all change one Halloween when I got shit faced with her friends and came home to her (we were room-mates). I found I'd rather spend my time with her than with her friends. This eventually blossomed into the relationship I have today. On the surface we are pretty mismatched. I'm a fairly fit guy with a good job and a degree. She has little to no education, her job sucks, and she's 'chubby'. People often wonder what I'm doing with her. The bottom line is... I love her. She has a great personality. We mesh well together. We have common interests. Our financial goals are (usually) the same. So while I do wish she would go to the gym with me and such (she's not ugly for the record, but she could be in better shape) it's not the crux of our relationship. I do not cheat on her, though I could, with other more attractive women. I wouldn't want to hurt her like that. I can feel people judging when we go out. She is fairly self conscious about it but really, I don't care what other people think about my relationship. Before this relationship, I probably felt about the same, that the major piece of any relationship was pure physical attraction. It turns out I've found that I value other things just as much. Of course I still try to push her towards the gym with me from time to time, but there's no harm in seeking improvement right? Anyway, point is, could I be with a more attractive person? Yea. Absolutely. The problem is, the only more attractive person I could see myself being with is my wife after she's become more attractive. It's that bad.   Edit and
1	You cannot simply compare Dota2 to LoL.  League was constructed pretty much from the ground up, while dota 2 had a solid platform to build from.  They haven't really designed any new champions or abilities... it's all just recycled from the first game.  So as far as balancing goes, and features ect... If we're going to be comparing the amount of time the games have been out respectively, we should be using Dota 1 as the comparison.
1	Without actually knowing the reason for the servers being down, I can try and explain what moving a server might mean.   A server might be moved physically, from one location to another -- it's possible that Riot has decided to change ISPs and/or server providers, and as Servers are very, very expensive to purchase and maintain they have likely leased (rented) servers from another company.   With that in mind, moving the server physically involves transferring ALL data from one server to an external storage unit, likely with multiple backups to ensure little-to-no data is lost, and then transferring the data from these back ups to the new servers. Keep in mind how long it might take you to sync an iPod with a few gigs of new songs.. They're doing this on the level of tens to hundreds of thousands of gigs (terabytes).   And they're doing this twice. And making sure everything got copied successfully afterward, and while there are techniques to making sure you have the proper file (Hash comparison comes to mind) it still takes time, and if they are inconsistent they have to track down the inconsistencies.
0	Really embarrassing story about my first time.   I went to visit this friend of mine I met in college, at the time I had no idea, but eventually I found out she was a horn dog. Now being a freshman in college who just so happens to be a virgin, I had no problem with being around a very attractive, sexually provocative female.   First night at her parents house we ended up fooling around in her bedroom, I ended up grinding the heck out of her, so much so that (unaware to me at the time) that my Johnson had a nice rugburn along the shaft. Later that night after the hormones had faded away the pain became very apparent. I nursed my wounds that night with some neosporn and hoped for the best next day.   The following night me and this young lady pitched a tent in the backyard and prepared for our courting. I had the lube, protection, everything ready. As hard as a rock I was ready to perform, I let her slide the sleeve over my manly parts, I cringed with a slight stinging sensation, but I figured I could man through it. A few seconds latter the life force out of buddy slowly started to fade away, within a minute there was hardly anything left of him. I was left ashamed with an attractive naked lady in presence waiting for her to give it to me, yet I couldn't get my body to work for some reason. I went to bed with a broken pride.   Forever I pondered why I couldn't muster the rigidity in my Johnson that night, but it eventually all made sense once I realized what type of condoms I was using; when I realized how extended pleasure condoms work, they have a gel on the inside that desensitizes your dick. Having a raw portion of my skin exposed directly to this gel, my blood stream was directly exposed to it's effects, which subsequently made me loose a rockhard boner in a matter of seconds.
0	Generally speaking, I share the opinion that higher education is a waste.  Granted, this doesn't apply to everyone or every career choice.   I served 5 years in the armed forces, and after finishing my military obligation enrolled in a 4 year Computer Science program.  After two years of school, I became frustrated with the college system, and started applying for jobs.   It took me about 40 days to start the interview process, but long story short, I was offered a System Administrator contract position making around 100k annually.  Instead of finishing the CompSci degree, I dropped out of college with an overall GPA of 3.8.  Since then, I've been converted from a contract worker to a permanent employee, and making around 125k annually (before taxes).
1	there is no point complaining about it here, the best way to help is showing a problem, and an idea to fix it.   ex. front towers are too close to base, they should put them by the north entrance.   instead of: ex. towers too close, makes the map stupid and lame   Find the problem, create a solution. As much as we all want to read the same things over and over, maybe post solutions that help? Like what will help the easy snowballing? instead of champions obviously because alot of different types of champs do work really well, it all depends on the person who plays it.
1	Heimerdinger's lack of escape can be countered by taking Ghost and Flash.   I play a lot of heimerdinger on dominion where he actually works. All he really needs is for his W to prioritize Champions and his turrets to scale on Heimers Health and I'll gladly take him into Summoners Rift.
0	I'm sorry, but I LOL'd and if you could provide a pic (with faces blacked out if you wish) for further amusement, that would be awesome.
1	The funny thing is...you're thinking of problems that would need to be fixed. Many people see solutions for the problems you see. The real problem is there are problems we can't even comprehend, ie what sort of stat tracking can the client provide, a way to figure out when laning ends, etc.   Even the simplest shit like 'don't lose elo in a 4v5' people are afraid of implementing because of things that would be so easy to fix. 'Oh, duo queues', 'oh more reason to troll'. That stuff would be  so easy to counteract . It's a sad system when something the community  universally agrees is terrible  (playing a 4v5) doesn't get selected against as a part of elo. It's literally the most simplified system there is.   Also the fact that you lose / gain more elo your first games...it's just so stupid that someone playing their first fifteen ranked games can impact their elo in such a way they have to play another couple hundred where they are the single best player just to get to where they were when they started out.   It's past the point where we should be asking Riot for a new ranked system. They're too profit-oriented and understaffed to do something like that. What we really need is an automated 3rd-party ladder / tournament system. Solo queue is solo queue, this would be something different:   1) A binding clause saying that you will never purposefully troll, feed or shit talk, or you are permanently banned.  2) That you will communicate with your team.  3) That you will not argue with your team if they disagree with stuff like roaming Eve or Leona Jarv bot.  4) Duo queues are only available if the two of you are within  x amount of  ranking system  here.  5) Play so that your team wins, or don't play at all.  6) A report / commendation system to help admins determine whether or not players are matched up skill-wise where they need to be/   Past that, in terms of actually giving people rankings:   1) Add a stat tracking system that pulls as much info as possible out of the spectator mode, and see what trends you can pull out of it.  2) Allow moderators to adjust player rankings and stats (ie, a loss because two players DC'd and the other team took 30s to push down mid).  3) Complex, per-role rankings. If you get to 2k elo playing Amumu, it sure as shit doesn't make you a good Ashe. I tanked my elo on my main by ~250 by playing solo top, which is a role that I've never wanted to learn. I honestly play at the average 1500 players skill level in terms of pushing, freezing, trades, counterpicking / number of heroes I play. Why is it that I need to decide if I want to get crushed solo top in the 1800s, or have boring games as AP mid in the 1500s?
0	Do you want to work for these people?  The application process is indicative of the structure of the company. Corporations are indeed like people and able to make ridiculous irrational decisions. HR is perpetuating this chain.   Getting stymied by HR practices has an upside: it weeds out corporate fits that may not be up to  your  standards. It may be that this particular corporate culture is not a good fit for you.   If you are dead set on penetrating the wall of HR, then, call someone. Pick up the phone and call the name of the decision maker. It may be the department head or director,the further from HR you go the more preferable it is.  Find the guy that will be your boss.   "Hey! I heard you guys were hiring. I love all the great things I have heard about working for your company, I come highly qualified and recommended and yet am unable to speak to a person regarding the position. Let me line your pockets with gold. Do you have a few minutes for an interview this week?"
0	Hey I apologize for taking so long to respond, and I don't think I'm the one to enlighten you. It's just that as I grow older I find there's plenty of jobs with an equal distribution of pay, entertainment, and boring paperwork. When you reach a point boring things like paperwork are just things you have to do. It's not as simple as a straight up love hate thing.
0	Well, I Dont Have A Flag For Being Black...I Deal With Discrimination Still. My Little Cousin Deals With It Still And He's Fucking 11...But No one In My Family Is Waving Flags Around. Instead My family Worked Hard Made A living In Society And Made An Example of themselves as Black People That Doesn't Need voicing That We Are Equals And That's How It Should Be. Like I've Mentioned In The Other Thread by /u/Shekky08,  "Hey Im Different" Is The Wrong Way To Go. It Still Reciprocates The Idea Of Inequality. Of Course. You Can Be Proud To Be Gay, But Blatantly Showing It Off Like Your Not Like Everyone Else Adds Another Layer to The Line Dividing Us. So For Your
1	Alliance and Roccat look average   Roccat looked incredibly strong in the play-offs. Alliance went 1-2 to the Spring Split winners. How's that looking average?   Let's compare that to NA LCS:   Dignitas picked up 2 new players which is  a lot  to change at once in a team. Also their biggest problems lie on shotcalling, team gameplay and strategy (even Monte tweeted this)   EG is considering new roster swaps, since they performed so horribly in the spring split. Their understanding of the game and individual performance has still shown no signs of improvement.   Complexity black doesn't look strong at all, not only invidually (i.e Westrice underperforming) but also collectively.   Curse remains in the middle of the pack, better than the bottom tier but also not near the top tier.   TSM has been a slump for a long time, they have shown signs of internal problems (Xpecial being benched). It seems they're also considering getting a new jungler. Swapping one or even both of their veteran players is definitely going to hurt them.   CLG is still looking for a toplaner. Honestly it can go either way.   Only C9 and LMQ look consistent at this point
1	It's less to do with the Yordles (or Meglings) than it has to do with Noxus. Their pride is in their strength. If anybody remembers, the League of Legends was created to stop war ruining Runeterra. City-States like Demacia and Noxus solved their conflict through matches within the League, thus preserving the environment and quite a few lives.   This means that Noxus chooses who will represent Noxus, and they would simply never choose a Yordle. Not even a mercenary if one existed. Even Ziggs, if you ignore the fact that he attacked a Noxian prison to free (insert Yordle professor, maybe Heimerdinger?) And you have a potentially destructive Yordle that earns no favor in Noxus because their goal isn't wanton destruction.
1	Still, playing Vi mid isn't breaking the meta. It is like saying Faker is breaking the meta by playing Riven mid. No, he is just playing a single champion that was not made at first to go to midlane. Nothing unseen, nothing unfamiliar.   The problem on League of Legends people don't use the kit of their champion correctly. On DotA you can play the hero you want on the lane you want. It takes much more time on League of Legends for people to realize that.
1	Ryze may have snared him over the wall yes, but he then soaked up 2 AoE Ultimates (Rumble and Ezreal) for his death, WHILE his team was pushing mid tower... As soon as they saw those ulti's down they immediately pushed and won the subsequent teamfight, taking 2 inhibs... If the other team hadnt gone full HAM for Patoy, they wouldnt have gotten the kill, and they might have staved off the siege with those ulti's. So I would say that wasnt so much sloppy death as the other team going full HAM for one person...
1	I see where you're coming from, actually i've already had some argument about it with close friends who share your opinion, and i actually agree with what you just said : it's easier to carry as a damage champ. It´s obvious! But my point is that while champ like riven, syndra or even vayne are carry monsters that can stomp a game, but they may not be appropriate for every player. Actually for the most of summoners, they are not. There is summoners that are better at warding, ganking, teamfight, or whatever, and if you put these summoners in the midlane they wont be able to win more than 50% of their games because that's simply not where they are good at. But put them at support and they will win 70% perhaps. Because they are simply good at it! I think that there is no "better role to carry" in league, it is more about using what you do the best. Yes, zed 1shotin people seems like carrying. But zoning other carries from the fight with leona is as efficient !
0	Not to mention, a lot of people who have been raped have said that they aren't traumatized, and that the notion that it should be traumatizing was pressed upon them by society.   I've comforted a few girls who've gone through it, and they cried, and for them I think it was traumatizing. But if someone is raped, and they feel fine talking about it and posting memes to reddit about it, who are we to suggest that she isn't traumatized, or that she  should  be traumatized, or that it must not have been awful because she isn't traumatized? Really, people are terrible. I would be ashamed to say something like that. But I guess to even say it means one lacks the capacity to feel shame.
1	The thing here is:  Will you actually be able to use the 15% extra CDR in an efficient way?  It will only be increasing your damage, if you use skills exactly the moment they come of cooldown and if you have no blue buff.  The thing I also mentioned above is that you will run oom insanely fast without an extended mana pool from tear or athenes passive.  Let say you finish double Morello or Morello/Tear/Rod at 20 minutes.  You will be around level 14: 916 base Mana on Ori.  The tear build gives you 400 extra Mana while only getting 125% (20 mana regen per 5)  instead of 200% (30 mana regen per 5).  Adding your base mana regen of 15 at level 14 you have 45 mana regen per 5 on double morello and 35 mana per 5 on tear morello rod.  A teamfight starts:  You use your full spell rotation (QWER) 370 Mana.   Your almost full spell rotation (QWE) 220 Mana.  You will sit at 326 Mana now without tear, 726 Mana with tear.  You only get mana for less than one Q back every 5 seconds (lets say that are the Qs in between your rotations).  One more QWE an you sit at 116 Mana without, 516 with tear.  After using QWER,QWE,QWE with 2 Qs inbetween you will be almost OOM. 3 spell rotations in a teamfight and you are left without mana.  With Tear you can do 2 more rotations QWE + QWE.  Imagine a classic Orianna teamfight, you used QWE once to engage only for movementspeed or you tried to poke once and missed.  Without tear you can use your spellrotation twice now during the teamfight. In an extended fight you will drop oom super fast.
1	Actually, the buggy thing is that her 3rd Q cast slams the ground instantly, and the animation of Riven doing a front flip comes later, what isn't supposed to happen. And also when you want to do 3rd Q and fast W, it feels delayed as fuck.
1	mmorpg's are kinda dead. I personally will never pick up another "pick char-->grind for 3 weeks/months/years(depending on game)-->play around in pve raids and pvp crap" in my life guaranteed. did that with about 3-4 mmo's and that's about all I need.   wow is the one that sort of stream lined and revolutionized what an mmorpg should be but the next game to topple wow will probably have to be made by blizzard and be like 10 times cooler.
0	The 2.5 million fine isn't even a drop in his bucket of wealth. Even if he's "forced" to sell his team he'll likely get close to if not more than a billion dollars.
1	In all honesty, no one's opinion matters more than the pro player's themselves. Robert's experience he's describing clearly implies that the crowd was an issue in this specific instance. I remember Meteos speaking about the Cloud 9 level 1 vs Curse too. These have had significant impacts on the game but the players are fortunate enough not to have the crowd be the reason they lose yet, due to the inability of communication within the team. Having booths would solve the current problems, while sacrificing a slight interaction between the players and crowd.
1	I found that, at least early on, beginner bots are the easiest, followed by real PvP games, followed by intermediate bots.  I was probably on about a 5-2 win ratio in real pvp games, and then decided to try an intermediate bot game, and holy crap did those bots destroy me.  If you truly feel that beginner bots are easy (and you can get a fairly high KDA), then try a couple real PvP games, if you lose don't worry.  If people get annoying and they aren't helping you, then by all means, mute them (press tab and then I think there is a button by their name or something on the scoreboard).  I've never really had issues with people getting mad and flaming in my games (except for two recent games, one of which was just a failure in every sense).
1	For streams (Again, referring to non-major events) I think they should be removed.  It makes much more sense to use /r/LOLStreams) so not to clutter up this subreddit.   As it stands, the majority of the Streaming pages (In my opinion) just take up space where something more important could go.  The well-known Twitch streamers still will most likely get the viewers even without those posts because of the in-site Follow feature on Twitch and word of mouth.   If it requires a person to get onto Reddit to see another person is streaming, then watch them, then they probably didn't care that much to watch them in the first place (As they didn't follow from before).  I realize that it's not always easy to follow multiple subreddits, but in my opinion, this subreddit should be mostly written posts videos from games and not about advertising.   If somebody wonders how new people would find streams, as I stated before, word of mouth is a powerful tool.  If you watch a stream and like it, tell your friends about it.  Even though some streams make it to the front page, they rarely have the viewership that I personally feel should be a prior requirement to 'deserve' it.  (This is either the fault of the viewers for not distributing it to friends or that the streamer quality isn't as quality-based as other streams)   As for the major events (Since I stated they should be allowed to be posted on the main subreddit), I'd say it'd make the most sense to have a single pre-determined person create the thread in order to remove spam.  This would (hopefully) remove duplicate threads to some degree and would lessen some work for the moderators.  (I assume you remove duplicates, but if not, it doesn't really matter to the overall point.)
1	Talon lol, got fed once 3v1, killed them then the other 2 ran in, killed them ace 3 I killed first resed killed them for A second ace they then surrendered. Might still have it saved on computer but I don't think I was streaming at the time
1	At the beginning of season 4, I got from 0 lp gold 1 to promo to plat 5. It took my two promos to plat to finally win it.   After getting into plat, I played a few more games (won a couple, lost one) and then decided to take a break due to school and other commitments.   I ended up getting demoted back into gold 1 thanks to decay, which I was completely fine with. I thought I could just complete Another series and easily get back into plat.   Unfortunately, whenever I get into my series to plat, I get matched up against mostly plat players with mostly gold players on my team. I have now lost 5 series from gold to plat, for a total of 20 games.   This is unbelievably time consuming an tedious. Many people dot have the time to play 5-game series only to be in a status worse than they were in before they started. I think after a certain number of promos from one league to another are lost that you should just be put into the next league. Or, they should make MMR not effect the ranked system in any way, since it makes your league/division completely separate from your actual skill, which makes them irrelevant.
0	I know you were just trying to jump on the bandwagon, but these kind of jokes are why psychology isn't taken seriously as a scientific field of study.   There are intelligent, hardworking people who work with veterans suffering from PTSD; people who study how schizophrenia looks on brain scans to develop medication without such debilitating side-effects as those currently prescribed; people who are therapists for trauma victims and people who can barely leave their houses without crippling fear.   This kind of thing belittles their work and makes it more difficult for people to seek and obtain the help they need; it spreads the ignorance that is the root cause of stigmatization of so many people truly suffering from psychological disorders. So just shut the fuck up.
0	I felt that way after my first kid, and I knew there were things I could have done to make time or giving/getting more space with or at the expense of my spouse.  But our first kid was easy.  Never really felt forced to deal with it.   Fast forward 8 years to child #2.  Absolute demon spawn.  Love him to death, but would not wish him on my worst enemy.  He is an unstoppable force of nature.  My wife and I have been forced to actually have a "hired" babysitter beyond just family so we have enough options when we need to get out.  We split time on sundays every other week where one of us spends time with the older one and the other takes the younger one.   So, I guess
1	Can I still answer even if I didnt play beta/season 1? I started in season 2 and by far season 2 to preseason 3 was the best! I loved when draven had his old passive with the bleeding dear god the quadra kills and penta's I was earning in normals!! I loved it.
0	I almost had it twice. My appendix ruptured and I went walking around with it for 3 days before going to the hospital. Due to the infection that was caused by the rupturing, the doctors feared that slicing me open to remove it would be a risk to my further health. So after being in the hospital 3-4 weeks, I was released and went home for almost a month.   Fast forward time for my C.T. Scans a week prior to my surgery: I get scanned and they rush me to the hospital, turns out my appendix had healed, and was about to rupture again. I get there and I get it removed before it ruptured again.
1	I have to agree. I don't usually play blind pick, but every time I pick something extrordinary it gets countered by some obvious counter. Every time I tried to jungle with Rumble enemies had to have two trolls who picked smite, with one of them being Shaco and the other one being Shyvana. Almost exact same situation has happened to me two times. The  other day I grabbed some freshly bought Olaf to enjoy some top and bam! wild Teemo appears. Second game? Same thing.
1	This post seems to rise to the front page everyone once in a while, and from what I have gathered everyone has the exact same idea of whats going on. People in the LoL community have no reason outside the immediate moment. If you die once, or make a bad choice, the "rager" will assume you make that bad choice every time. Even if you get dove, it is always your fault to the other person. There is no such thing as a bad game, and losing early translates to losing altogether. I still feel this mindset is a small population of the community, but it is obviously present. All you can do is be encouraging and wait out this cancer until you come across it again in another match.
1	curse have a lot of money, i'll put my money on him getting money and the reason he left was for money.
0	I didn't take it as an insult, that's why I tried mocking it further unsucccessfully. I thought I upvoted you too but I clicked the downvote apparently by accident. Whoops!
0	Jesus tap-dancing Christ. I  knew  it wouldn't be long before I found a comment like this. I know you mean well, but some things need not be said.  No one of that weight needs to be told it's unhealthy. No one of that weight is proud of it - even if they claim to be - unless of course they used to be much heavier.  And if that's the case you can be sure they're still on the way down.   I am in that range and I'm so fucking sick of hearing about it.  I know. All overweight people know these things.  Please stop trying to be helpful. If you want to be supportive, and I can tell that you do, be complimentary and leave it at that. This is why I  never  discuss my diet with other people. If I hear one more "oh, you should blah blah blah because heart disease and diabeetus" I will lose my shit. This is the god damn age of the Internet. There is not one single person over the age of ten who doesn't know what obesity is, whether they are, and how to fix it - or failing that, how to find out in ten seconds on Google.
0	Your word is gold, otherwise it's garbage." In other words, if you make a threat/punishment, you damn well better follow through or else your kids will not respect your authority. If you threaten a time out, give them a time out. Learn to only give consequences that you're prepared to follow through with.
0	Not at all. Way to make up your mind without any understanding of what I mean.   To be clear:   Abuse is not acceptable. For a man or a woman. It is a ridiculous comparison.   He could have gotten the vasectomy and not lied about it. If she is really that unstable and he can't trust her, then fine, do it, but don't hide it. Say, "honey, we agree we would have no more children and I had a vasectomy to ensure that doesn't happen." If she gets mad, deal with it or walk away. If he felt it was the only way to go he could have done it and not lied. Being dishonest about it sounds like a passive aggressive way to avoid the fall out (note, LYING about it, not DOING it).   I didn't say he should be responsible for that child. If it isn't his it shouldn't be on him. Unfortunately, some states have a law that any child conceived while a couple is married is considered the husband's whether DNA proves it or not. I don't agree with this kind of a law. It is stupid, short sighted, and causes a lot more problems then it solves. What happens next is up to the husband. If he chooses to stay with the woman and she insists on keeping the child, then he better treat that child like his other children. The kids shouldn't suffer for it. If he leaves his wife he has no obligation to be in that child's life.   I hold HONEST people in esteem. I look at both people in this relationship as selfish. If they really agreed on no more kids, it shouldn't be an issue. It doesn't seem like the matter was completely closed. Her lying, going off her birth control and cheating is completely 100% unacceptable. I find her to be the worse of the two of them. I don't like people who lie, and I don't like people who cheat.   I especially don't like people who put their selfish desires before their kids. This couple has two kids. These kids are going to be dealing with the fall out too. I feel awful for them because they are the ones who are going to suffer.   I have a problem with anyone who lies about something big to their spouse. If they had that much trust issues something should have been done to address it. Lying, keeping secrets like this, it is toxic. It poisons the relationship. Cheating is even worse. There is no trust in this marriage and no one is the good guy. They are both the bad guy because they were both manipulative and dishonest.
0	The forces at play are much larger then all that.  Essentially, industrialized nations get to a steady population where there is essentially zero growth.  What needs to be looked at is basic human psychology and, I believe, Maslow's hierarchy of needs.  Humans that don't have their basic needs met go into "survival" mode where they're much more instinctual and where higher level thought is often not even possible.  Humans in this survival mode will have as many kids as possible.  This is often hard for us to make sense of because it doesn't make sense to us that poorer people would have more kids while richer people who could actually afford to have more kids don't.  Add to this that less evolved areas of the world are much more likely to force people to have kids often through religion - think of a lot of Catholicism thats still around that forces people to have kids - no contraception, no gay people allowed so they have to have kids to cover being gay etc. etc.
0	Created an account to comment on this. 25+years of family and personal experience in textbooks.   E-books are the publishers way of trying to cut second hand (used bookstores,) back out of the market. They would prefer all books are sold new and that a new edition is made every single semester. The other dirty secret about the publishers is they are in the pockets of a lot of college professors. To get published professors will make a deal with publishers to create a "new" edition every X amount of years. Lately some professors have woken up and realized that they are screwing their students by doing this. The university I worked at (name withheld obviously,) I was seeing an opposite trend where more and more professors were making deals with publishers.   Back on topic though, E-books are often even more nefarious than you could imagine as they are often limited license and you won't even be able to access the book after the semester, and you can often can only print once. We even dealt with one company that would not only let you only print once but also once you printed that section you could no longer access it on the computer. There is often also strict DRM with E-books making it hard for you to decide between activating the license on a desktop, laptop or tablet.   The best way to fight things like this is simply by not giving into the publishers. Buy old editions even if your professor tells you to get a new one. A lot of professors keep their old outlines with proper page numbers. The other is sell your books back, whether it be online or in the store the more used books in circulation the better for the entire book economy. Urge your professors and universities to not update editions frivolously and simply print small supplements for small changes and only new editions when the field changes. (such as a new physics book after the Higgs-Boson was discovered, that makes sense to print a whole new edition.)
0	SI]( conversions:     7 pounds = 3.2 kg     > I'm going to counter this using an immediate family member as an example.  >  > He has had undiagnosed hypothyroidism for many years, probably between 5-7. Before that, he was a star athlete (he could run a sub 5-minute mile by the time he was 13) and an honor roll student, however things started changing at the end of high school/beginning of college. During those years I watched him balloon in weight, have uncontrollable (seriously... uncontrollable) cravings for horrible food, lose his hair, have awful skin rashes, depression, and so little energy that he found it difficult to be awake for more than 12 hours on any given day, let alone work out.  I too blamed his appearance and depression on personal failings that he had the capacity to control. >  > However, a few months ago he was diagnosed with hypothyroidism. After trying a few medications that had little effect he found a medication that worked for him-- Amour Thyroid. He started taking this ONLY 10 days ago, and he has already lost 7 pounds^(3.2 ^kg)  (after struggling unsuccessfully to lose weight for upwards of 5 years), is waking up at 7am every day to go running, is the most positive he's been in years and (which is most relevant to your topic) has no more cravings for those awful foods that you associate with hopelessness and lack of self respect.  >  >
0	That defense only works if they can prove it was during the course of employment. This would assume that OP had knowledge they would file said claim, and not act as an independent party. Also, the employees actions were not a result of the employer, as the employer is not required to notify the employee of all actions taken. The employees actions were a result of their own previous actions. If the employee had been awake and doing his job, he would have realized the drawer was emptied by the owner.
0	Ok, so this one time I got caught staring at this girl's ass, and it was so bad, I knew a simple head turn wasn't enough. She had an ass for the ages, and she was wearing those tight pants with the word juicy written on the butt.   The girl gave me the standard "can I help you?" I responded with "I couldn't help but notice your pants are juicy, I can get you some paper towels if you need to dry off."   She laughed, we hit it off, and I got her number. So yeah, I'm almost 100% sure I could have said anything, and she was gonna laugh. It was one of the worst lines I've ever come up with that worked.
1	What you say is true. However Caitlyn is (obviously) a squishy, which makes her all about positioning, kiting, all of that "good player" stuff which a new player will most likely not have. Therefore in a low level game I'd imagine that bruisers carry a lot harder (and more easily) than squishies such as Caitlyn, which makes me argue that no ADC or squishy AP should be below a 5 or 6 on a difficulty scale.   Thinking about it, perhaps Cait becomes "easier" as you progress in terms of skills, and learn the above stated mechanics, positioning, trading potential, farm skills, etc.
1	I learned that if you are comfortable with a hyper carry like Yi in the jungle, you should abuse it. If you snowball early, it takes too much effort to stop you and sets your team up for success. If your team is doing bad, you can still farm the jungle, split push, and clean up fights. The pressure you put on objectives is just too significant compared to the dedicated gank junglers.   I also learned that it's easier to carry in bronze as an ADC than it is mid or top, and if you do go mid or top, it's easier to carry by putting pressure on bottom than actually winning lane top. Example: I see bottom is in trouble but that the fight can be turned around, I TP on second bush ward and engage bottom. In doing this I know top lane is going down, but we'll also trade a tower and/or dragon in addition to stopping the enemy bot lane momentum and starting our own.
1	You can either go onto their profile on the game client and go to ranked stats, and at the top you can choose which season.   OR   You can go to lolking.net and go to ranked stats and choose season there too.   That's the closest you get, Tbh I don't trust ELO ... I rather check their W/L ratio with that champion I'm facing or W/E to see how skilled they are.   Even though some people are 1500 ELO with warwick for example, They could suck as Irelia.   -------
1	This makes as much sense as saying narotu is a bleach knock off, or serial experiments lane is a haibane reinme knock off, or that mushishi is a kinos journey knock off.
1	NEWS FLASH: META IS NOT DEFINED BY A TEAM, A TEAM IS DEFINED BY THE META   TSM always been a early game team around lane swaps due to Wildturtle being really weak in 2v2s and Dryus being a supportive top laner over a carry top laner then uses the jungler and support to gank mid to get Bjergsen ahead. Then he carries in teamfights and getting picks often snowballing Wildturtle ahead due to it. The problem with allowing Turtle to carry is he often gets caught out of position as well in teamfights wanting to swap roles with Dyrus.   This tourney, MSI, clearly shown that they do not understand the concept of power picks and adapting (which has always been their problem as a team). Bjergsen needs to be on a carry that allows him to effect other lanes (Ziggs, Ahri, LeBlanc, Zed etc). Wildturtle seemed to struggle on Kalista which is the strongest ADC along with Urgot right now (which he doesn't play, again another problem) In the game today where Wildturtle got Kalista (forgot which team and it doesn't matter)  he was up against a tanky line up on the enemy team (3 tanks + Urgot) and he still went for Hurricane (didn't matter really because TSM was getting rekt anyways) but the smarter build would of been the Q max getting BT into Shiv into IE. Also they were against 3 point and click CC's and they elect to go Thresh over something like Morgana to stop the CC' when they have only 1 damage source on the team since Bjergsen was on Cho'Gath which is hard to actually do damage due to Rapture being hard to land and he has to get close to use ult as well as Dyrus on a carry top laner (instead of a supportive one) so he wasn't as effective ether.
1	Perhaps you dont understand. You see Ali on cooldown is fairly useless but he managed that extremely well. The first Knockup was normal, most Alis can land that but after his timing to tank the tower was perfect. Just as the fight breaks out he moves into range to start tanking the tower but doesn't do so until the fight moves into tower. Next we got his CD back up. Instead of going for a combo and Risk losing the kill he flash to position himself for a headbutt and saves the Knockup until his team kills Udyr and is ready to kill Soraka. Granted nothing was stand out amazing but he stayed in the fight and played the role proper which is a good example for other players.
1	well its kinda true, at some elos (even at gold and higher) there are always people that prefer farm and kills over objectives. whiiiiiiich caaaaaan f*ck up a game sometimes. I think its partly because the pros farm really well. they don't understand when the point switches from "just farming" to "taking tower/dragon before going back to farming". (not that I'm better at it. I sometimes go tunnelvision and sleep through an objective xD)
1	Oh god I dont have my computer until Saturday and I rarely played ranked since an as soon as i hit 30 spree that got my mmr put in bronze for s4 placements
1	As an ADC who both duos with a support and solos:     Ward more     More     MORE!       The best games I've had with random supports are the ones who warded a ridiculous amount and the most frustrating are the ones where the enemy team warded a frustrating amount. In bronze and silver everyone one wards river.   This is infuriatingly bad   90% of the time there should be a ward in tri and at dragon, not river bush. Ward tri at all times if you are blue, and at any time where you are past first lane bush as purple. If you are hovering around first lane bush and you have control of it, and they have control of the next bush, ward that bush.   Pink wards are OP. Buy a few? Only use them if you saw them place a fresh ward, then pink it properly.   Never pink outside of a bush to reveal a ward when you could pink inside of a bush. Pinking lane bushes is awesome. Mid game after one or two towers is down, ward up bot. This means all of bot. Never go warding alone ask for others to come with you to ward. If both towers are down bot and mid is up, ward dragon and their red (as purple) the idea is you want a wall of wards that stops anyone not in bot lane from getting into bot lane without passing a ward. Keep an eye on wards.   Stay in bushes. Like a lot of the time. In lane nothing frustrates me more than a support hanging out in lane when they should be hold a bush.   I assume you realize you shouldn't be CSing, hold a bush, it stops them knowing where you are, stops you from CSing, lets you realize if that bush is warded, stops them from taking the bush, etc etc.   Mid->late game, fucking ward. Ward. WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-  end steve carel gif   You should always have a sightstone, if you do not you are just some guy with GP5s in my lane. You should always have a pink. Mid game try and ward a general area, or cut off a section of the map (usually baron but it depends on towers) then try and get your sheep to group somewhere near an objective (a tower or baron) with your superior vision engage on the enemy team when they are in a bad position, kill a few, take baron win the game.   Keep a supportive attitude, never insult anyone ever. Try and tell someone good job whenever they do anything even remotely good. Try and pair any advice with a compliment. In Bronze and silver players raging is I'd say 30% of any given loss.   Pay attention to your CDs and your ADCs. If you are against Blitz and he misses his grab  he doesn't have his grab for 10-20 seconds  use this as an opportunity to ward somewhere or to poke the adc.   Try and zone their adc. If the enemy bot lane jumps on you and you can use all of your moves before they kill you and your ADC is close he should  easily  be able to kill both of them, all things considered. Don't CC the support (99% of the time). Exhaust on Alistar makes baby Nasus cry.   Be aware of minions, especially early game, I can't tell you how many fights I've won because I baited the enemy into a fight that they thought they had the advantage, and 10 seconds of fighting in a pack of my minions later they were both dead. Minions do crazy damage early laning phase, abuse this, and don't run a fowl of this.   Don't go balls deep unless it's very clear it will work  and  the reward far outstrips the risk.   Don't stack Sightstone and 2 Gp5s. Buy a fricken Aegis, or whatever you're into.   Learn bot lane synergies, if one more stupid fucker picks Blitzcrank when I'm ashe or Nidalee when I'm MF I'm gonna explode. Learn your ADC's cooldowns, if your MF just hit them with Q and 2 AAs and took a big chunk of their hp and they didnt even hit her back, now is  NOT  the time to engage. MF just used all of her moves, and well. Ezreal still has all of his, if you go in you'll just undo all the work your MF did. Play more than one support but focus on less than 4. Learn the proper ward spots. There are good ones and bad ones. Ask your ADC how he/she plays before going into lane. I tend to play hyper aggressive early as MF, as Ashe I'll try to get my early crit damage then I'll play pokey/passive, as Graves I like to get the early damage then wait for level 3 for an all in, etc, etc. Knowing this is useful. Buy another rune page. If you are against Kog'maw Lulu they are going to do a shit load of magic damage, your armour runes aren't so great. If they are Vayne their early game is weak, get magic pen runes up to shut her down. Be polite. Hold the fact that you're support to your chest a bit, offer it in team select to 'fix a conflict' as a 'favour' create good will, be the kind matriarch of the team, and you will inhibit strife and let people focus on the game. If two players are arguing and calling each other bad, say "Nah Player B is just frustrated, you're both good it's just a bad game" <- This phrase increases a games winrate by 4% (according to a statistic I just made up)   Watch the map. It's your job to call MIAs and ping. Yes they should have map awareness and so should your ADC, but generally your ADC is busy last hitting and can't type/ping, do it every fricken time and watch your wards religiously. Call mia and yellow ping the  general  area you think they may have gone in. Paying attention to this will also give you a good idea of how players move and how the game works. I can almost always tell where a player is going when they disappear off the map based on the situation. They're headed mid, or B, or their blue, or your red. Or mid is about to get ganked by jungler, or yada yada yada, it's all on your minimap, you just have to figure it out. In normals with friends I'm constantly saying "You're about to get ganked" to my top friend who likes to over extend while I'm in bot.   Be aware of what end of the game you want to be at. Vayne Ryze Poppy Thresh Cho'gath teams are going to win at 50 minutes if you haven't steam rolled them by then. MF Pantheon LB Blitzcrank Shaco team is going to lose if they havent crushed you within 30 minutes.   This goes double for your lane, Vayne's goal for the first 25 minutes should be not giving up more than 40 kills. MF and Draven's should be having no less than 20 (hyperbole). If their laning phase is way way stronger you aren't going to win a duel,  control your lane so they can't start a fight and farm until you start to surpass them. Alternatively if their carry is Vayne 'just farm' is not acceptable you and your adc need to work out the plan for pushing her out of lane.   The rest is mechanics/champion specific. Good luck
0	Go with her" isn't the answer.  Just have confidence.  She sees something in you, that's why she's with you.   Otherwise you lose her, then you see her next BF isn't any better than you and you'll think, damn, I had it.  I had it, and I blew it.
1	Hi, HSGG, big fan here. I wonder what degree you have. When LoL is no longer to rely on, where would your first job application go to, and what do they work with?
1	All you have to do is not look at your team or enemy team when soloqueing. Just look at what you're doing, you can always do something better.   Blame everything to yourself and look for mistakes that you do everygame or all the time. When you notice your own mistakes, you can improve yourself and you'll be better as a player.   It's all about the mindest, don't play the game to win/gain elo. Play to improve.   In Short,
1	Though I would never random on purpose, the recent glitches have left me with some very interesting matchups. One time I randomed support Nocturne (I had only bought Nocturne to get his limited skin), but I was with a Sivir and the enemy AD was an Ezreal. Double spellshield became his undoing and I went 4/4/19 in the end with full support items and eventually a warmog's.   What I guess I might be trying to illustrate is that though you might random a champion, possibly even one you never played before, make the best of the situation. Read a quick-and-easy guide in loading screen and anything can work if you are skilled enough (This was when I was around 1470 elo. Admittedly not exceptionally high, but none of the players on either team were unskilled). I've been pulling off support Wukong, support Lee Sin and even support Karthus with success in ranked.
1	I try and post this everytime I see one of these threads.  Tier 1 runes are a good deal, and tier 2 are the worst deal in the game.   You can get 6 tier 1 AD, Armor, and Magic Resist runes for 270 IP.  1 Quint is between 40 and 165 IP, depending on what you want.   note: you unlock 1 rune spot per lvl, so you only need 6 marks, seals, and glyphs   A tier 1 armor rune gives 0.78 armor; a tier 3 gives 1.41.  A tier 1 costs 15 ip; a tier 3 costs 205.   Tier 2 are a waste of IP!  Continue to buy tier 1 runes until lvl 30, then get all lvl 3.
1	I don't know if I'm the only one, but I'll give it a try anyway : What I would love is to see the Ashe/Nocturne example in a slow-motion video in which I can see  exactly  what mouse buttons and hotkeys you press in a kiting situation. Something like a little schema of a mouse and of the hotkeys used, and they become red when you press them or something.  That way  I think I might start using attack move, but with all the videos and texts I've read about it, I still can't get used to it.
1	FYI: RP is for champions, IP is for runes. Try your hardest to save ALL your IP while you are leveling up. At level 20 you unlock Tier 3 runes (the best you can get). By that time you'll have enough runes for 2 basic sets of them.
0	Sigh...   Grant owned slaves. Lee owned slaves (although hated the Idea), Lincoln's "Emancipation" didn't "free" anyone (read more into it and the South could keep their Slaves if they rejoined the Union), Lincoln was a racist (read his deportation speeches) and thought that slaves SHOULD be shipped back to Nigeria (and actually the ones that were shipped back slaved the locals. Talk about Irony.) MANY blacks fought for the Confederacy with the agreement for their freedom (which they got) and blacks experienced MORE racism from the North than they did in the south.   There are lots of things that you could read up on and the "Stars and Bars" (as mentioned) is a battle flag and not the flag of the CSA.   As a Southerner of Virginia, I can't drive less than 5 minutes without seeing one. And it's a matter of pride. Your logic that flying this flag means that anyone who does is a racist and bigot is just as stupid as saying that I think that people who fly the Irish flag are drunks who fight.   I think you should get out more OP and brush up on your American history. Slavery was also at the time legal in the North and there were slave owners there as well. The south was more threatened by industrialization and states rights. What tipped into war was when Lincoln took office. But there were MANY other issues at play BEFORE Slavery ever took hold. It was a PR stunt (that paid off well for Lincoln) to gather support but it wasn't something really anyone in the Union (the whole USA) really gave a rats ass about.   Again, brush up on history.
1	Not really, many people beg to differ as you see Mujapro agrees with my reasoning (and gets upvoted for it, proving other people do agree with it as well) The problem is most people dare not state their point of view because the immature people just downvote them, the same people who are downvoting me are the people who go: "GG EASY" in games with a leaver/afker/intentional feeder. It is an evaluation of the game, You cannot say gg (which is short for good game) without evaluating saying it's courtesy is, from my point of view, hiding behind "being polite" to keep up a way of legally harassing people.
0	Some variant of this is posted every week and the answer is BECAUSE WHITE PEOPLE ARE THE MAJORITY. Why does the majority need a club??? White people are dominant in most aspects of life. Movies for example, the cast/extra are 90-95% white. Did you ever notice that? Next time you watch any movie that isn't a "black" movie look and see how many minorities are on the screen. Commercials- mainly white people or biracial black people. I don't think there are many commercials with again as or Hispanics. Tv- again mainly white, they will of course have the token black/minority character (Cleveland, Gus, that Indian guy on Big Bang theory, etc..) thats why BET was created so we could see ourselves on the screen. And as far as the minority clubs go, the black, Asian, Hispanic, Indian, etc.. Clubs are for people of that culture/background to come together and discuss things about their culture and the struggles of being who they are as a minority. What exactly would a room full of just white people share? They aren't all European or Russian they're just white in a room with other white people. Why is there a blackpeoplemeet and not a WPM? Because most dating sites are predominantly white b/c there are more of you than of minorities. So if someone wants to date person of color easier they could use BPM since there has to be blacks there. White people as a whole have never been oppressed, yes Jewish people and many other white cultures have but you're talking about simply white people club.
1	I play Olaf most at top lane and/or jungle. I play Kog as AD Carry, but I can play him mid. Soraka is my main support. I pretty much suck with the others, with the slight exception of Nunu, who I am just now learning to play. My only mid that I am good at is Heim...but I don't do that ranked. I really never play mid in ranked. I need to practice that much much more often.
1	I looked at KR yesterday hopeing thinking yay vayne is on sale I can get her.   NOPE!
1	Basically, League of Legends is built with a set of tools that allows Designers with limited programming experience to build complex champions. A programmer builds a base "minion"-esque class with a set of defined behaviors and properties. The designer has access to this using a scripting language like lua. This allows the designer to iterate on champion concepts without compiling the game (time consuming) and without feature requests from the programming team.   Instead of building a "jarvan wall" directly into the game, the designer could build a group of minions with HP, XP, stats, healthbar, etc disabled. Each minion makes up a component of the wall, and has collision enabled. It might have properties set like "IsWall" for things like Gnar's ultimate to interact with it. (Conjecture here).   Generally, when an issue arises, its due to a developmental oversight. Maybe the designer made the "minion" untargetable, but accidentally left it with base XP values. Due to a weird way another ability works, the "minion" is able to be killed and since its XP property is still defined, the [killing player could be granted a large boon of XP](   Bugs like this make it through QA and release to the wild, and ignorant people attribute it to catastrophic design paradigms from 2008  that actually make sense for rapidly developing champions in a frequently updated game , instead of a simple mistake in the champions implementation.
1	1) Don't get pissy because other people bring up relevant references (martial arts movie is a valid reference), more people WANT Riot to rip stuff off (generally with permission) such as in the case of the ever-requested Bio-Shock Annie, complete with Big daddy Tibbers.   2) Wow. A company that wants money, never seen that before. People need to be paid, and that money has to come from somewhere, just because it works in one area doesn't mean it can work in others (WoW subscription for LoL anyone?). If the only reason you have for them being a "moneywhore" is that they let you buy stuff for real money as well as in game, and that you can buy cosmetics for only real game money, then you really need to rethink your argument...   3) What if I were to tell you that you can also get everything bar skins (unless using SIU) for free in LoL? Yes, it's true. That's what I've done, and even then, you get 400rp free, and that is enough to buy some skins (on special) or even champions! On top of this, in certain countries you can get that card thing to get - wait for it - free RP! (t's and c's apply).   4) What if someone were to tell you that  THEY ARE BASED OFF OF FREAKING MYTHOLOGY, (AS ARE MOST/ALL OF SMITES GODS) AND SO THEY COME FROM SIMILAR SOURCES , if you even bothered to research before raging at the apparent copy pasta, you'd realise that ["The community's been asking for a dragon champion for some time"]( so it's not a sudden thing...   edit: 5)   > [Ao is the family name of the mythological dragon kings](   > [Shin can mean many things, one of which is prosperity. It also means a rising storm](
0	I was raised around conservative Christians, in a very wonderful church, and only once or twice in my life have I ACTUALLY encountered someone like this. Both times on the internet. I mean, there was definitely a bias against non Christians (my mom always acted a little uncomfortable when I'd bring my friends who weren't "churched" around and they'd swear and talk about how much they drink, etc.), I never witnessed someone actually dislike another person based purely on the fact that the other person wasn't a Christian. I think it's more a problem connecting to non Christians.
1	As strange as it may sound, lvl 30 games can be even worse playerwise. I have played with and against so many horrible players at level 30, it really just depends on your (hidden) ELO.   The only things AI games are useful for are first tries with new champions if you are not an experienced player, practising playing itself if you are fifteen or younger and practising last hitting (might want to do that in custom games though).   My little brother has had AI games where his score went like 40/5/10 and the likes, but I still wouldn't want to play with him (not on my main account at least).   The first couple of games agains real opponents will not match you with and against very good players, so everyone should be skilled roughly the same. Ergo, you might screw up, but they will most likely do so too.
0	No, they didn't choose the name so they could be alphabetically first on the phone book. Acme would've been listed above Apple for example.
1	You need to put an escape character (aka '\' backslash) before symbols that are used for formatting, such as '\' itself, '_'  which is used for italics and bold for some reason, and '*' which seems to be interchangeable with the underscore for italic and bold text on Reddit.There are more, but I think you get the idea.
0	hahah okay, that was pretty funny.   Also, you fucked the mom. The mom was the person that was in the car wreck. And you fucked her AFTER she had died. In front of the entire family.   Some fun fact about her. Phil, her Husband's best friend, got her preganent. She was actually on the way home to tell her husband about the whole affair (and really, it wasn't even an affair. I mean, after the bbq over at phil's place (where she had had too many strawberry margaritas) she went to sleep in Phil's guest room. Phil, having had a few to many beers himself, went into the guest room (not knowing that she was there) to sleep it off (his wife was always bugging him not to mess up the decorative pillows that she puts all over the place, and phill didn't feel like fucking with that stuff).   Thinking that it was his wife, phil started fucking her. Barbara (the mom) thinking that it was bob, reciprocated. About half way through they realized their mistake. But after all those years of hot sexual tension that had been building up between them, the sex was a much needed release.   She had only found out a week before about the pregnancy, and that night she had gone to confront Phi about it. Phil, being an evangelical, pro life, anti gay marriage, pro NRA, secret racist, tea bagger republican, naturally wanted to abort the shit out of the baby. But Barb had other ideas.   Feeling alone and confused she drove home in tears, unsure of what to do. Lie to her husband? But she couldn't...he had always been truthful with her no matter what. That, and the fact that a donkey in a petting zoo had kicked him in the nads about 3 years back (rendering him completely and ridiculously sterile) took that option out the picture. Abort, phil had dared to suggest?!?! Barb and Jack (her husband) had tried for YEARS to become pregnant. And he just wanted to abort?!!?? It may not have been Jack's baby...but it sure as hell was Barbs.   Jesus christ this story is getting way too fucking long. Anyway, you fucked her.
1	As someone who has taken the AP US History exam after being "taught" by a passive teacher, I do not blame your instructor for being disengaged at all. The sheer depth of content on the exam makes it nigh impossible to teach all of the information effectively in a lecture format.   In my eyes, there are two ways to succeed on the the AP US History exam. You can read "Liberty, Equality, and Power" by John Murrin et al. from cover to cover, and guarantee yourself a 5 (as long as you have moderately good reading comprehension skills). It's an ~1300 page book, making it tough unless you're dedicated.   You can also do what I did, and opt for reading "United States History: Preparing for the Advanced Placement Exam" by John Newman et al. cover to cover, and guarantee a 3 or higher. My high school semesters were about 100 days each, so I took this ~800 page book, and broke it down to 10 pages per  school night  (because no one wants to read US History on Fridays or weekends). Which, over about 80 nights, had me finishing the book a week before the exam.   I got a 4 on the test and placed out of Gen. Ed. History in college. Woo!
0	It's completely normal to feel that. Can't say I've been deployed and came back to that, but that did happen after my wife gave birth.   I could spout some bullshit that a truly powerful emotional connection can and should supersede any physical attraction, but the physical aspect of any relationship is, arguably, just as important as the emotional one. It's about feeling wanted, and appreciated. Please allow me to elaborate.   I exercise religiously and eat healthy. I do it as much for myself as I do for her. In today's culture, there is a standard of beauty that applies to all of us, whether we like it or not (there are also biological imperatives at play as well, it's not all just about culture). The fact remains, however, that I DO try to live a healthy lifestyle for her. It's my own way of showing her that I care about what she thinks, and that I want her to find me physically attractive. I'm a man, and yes, I want her to desire me. So I work out, and eat right.   In time, however, I found that my spouse doesn't share the same values as me. She doesn't enjoy rigorous and grueling physical activity, or following a meticulously planned diet. For a long time, I thought that wasn't OK.   For a long time, I thought that she didn't care how she looked for me. I felt offended, and a little repulsed that she didn't care about her body (for both of us) when I took such good care of mine (for both of us). If I'm being honest, this perceived slight discouraged my attraction for her just as much as her weight, if not more.   After a few years of this, I learned quite a bit, and found what seems to be the truth for my relationship, and I hope it helps yours:   You might know, or you might not, but she most likely doesn't like her weight or appearance either.  She is probably disgusted with herself, and feels horrible. Some women can use this to fuel their physical transformation into something more aesthetically appealing, most can't though. It's mind-boggling how our physical appearances play such a dramatic role on our self-esteem.   Guess what though? There is a way that you can get your wife healthy, and more physically attractive to you! From my own experience, and from the lives of couples I have observed, it's all about different strokes for different folks!   Find out what's important to your wife in her lifestyle, and what works with her personality.  Does she absolutely need sweets, and enjoys a carefree life? Introduce her to something like Weight Watchers. Does she want to burn the weight really quick? Look into a ketogenic diet. Or is she the type that can set her mind on a goal and follow strict guidelines to get her there? Try a traditional bodybuilder cutting diet (this won't get women huge and muscular, by the way). The choices out there are vast, and 99% of the time there is a diet our there that will fit her lifestyle and work for her.   Just encourage her.  Change doesn't come quickly, usually. So lie to her, if you have to, that is, tell her that you think she is making progress (even if you don't see it right away). Tell her that you are proud of her, and that you knew she had it in her.   As for exercise, just find something that she enjoys. There were a lot of great suggestions posted by other people: take a dancing class together, rock climbing clinic, go for a jog with her a few times a week, etc. Find out what works for her and encourage her to do it.   Eliminate obstacles.  If she can't go exercise because she has to plan dinner, you do it! Let her exercise! And prepare her a healthy meal, skip the pizza (unless your diet accounts for it).   In the meantime, sexual gratification is always going to be an issue.  So spice the bedroom!  Take a risk, and step  a little  outside your comfort zone and see what little kinks she might have. Maybe buy her some toys. Maybe you're the chosen one and she might really want to add an additional person to the nighttime activities. Maybe she might be into some roleplay. Maybe she wants to play a game of some sorts.   I'm not trying to sound preachy, but remember that a marriage is a give/take, but more importantly it's about supporting each other.
1	Match up favors Renekton as soon as the Renekton player learns to press "W" when Garen Q's and stand his ground during Garen's spin or E's away. He will always outsustain Garen(especially if he pokes with E>Q) and he doesn't give up a huge portion of his damage by pushing the wave. Renekton scales better than Garen.   Shyvanna will win trades if she procs E and W before she get gets silenced, while being able to scale much harder while building tanky or snowball the match up even further with Blade of the Ruined King. Shyvanna will outsustain Garen naturally by poking him when his passive is up, and will sustain even further with Blade. Shyvanna can also easily proxy farm versus Garen because he can never kill her past 6 unless you get major help from jungle/other lanes. She outscales Garen drastically. She also has a reliable way to farm safely and can easily disengage from Garen with W speed boot.   Garen will never be able to touch a Riven if she's smart enough to E away when he Q's and can win trades every time Garen q's something other than Riven and outscales him heavily. Riven is the only one who can't really poke against Garen but she can farm against him and should not be denied to a point where it matters unless you get major jungle help. Much better Riven's than I can obviously force kills on Garen at certain points but the safe method can be done by anyone with the reaction time of a 90 year old.   Mundo can farm and kite with Cleavers. Can't really kill Mundo without jungler help unless Mundo fucks up hard and Mundo would have to be denied massively for it to have an impact. Garen can use execute late game to stop a Mundo from using Ult when he's low but Mundo still will provide much more than Garen ever will(and if you use your ult to kill Mundo, Mundo already did his job). Mundo also outsustains Garen with passive and landed Cleavers which can be conveniently used to cancel Garen passive.   Can't really comment too much on top lane Lee Sin but I imagine a skilled Lee Sin wouldn't have many issues. He has large amounts of mobility and a knock back and slow to kite Garen, can easily kill him with jungle help and can out sustain by poking with Q and using Iron Will. Lee Sin is one of those champions that don't scale particularly well into the late game but has kick to peel Garen and can initiate fights much more reliably as well as proving much more utility than Garen.
1	But what if there's a small bit that's actually good about it?  There can be gold sitting in a middle of a huge, steaming pile of shit, that doesn't mean it's worth any less.  Those gems that can be found in the show are the reason a lot of people watch.  Not because they want Thoorin shit talking people.   I haven't watched the latest episodes.  I watched the one with Loco, and then the one with Zion, and it genuinely made me cringe to see how much changed from the Loco episode to the Zion episode.  Loco might be crazy, but he can bring a lot of insight with him and can handle the shit talking from Thoorin.  With Zion there, and all the loaded questions, he just sort of closed up and didn't want to talk about anything because Thoorin was basically bullying him to say stuff.  That's not how it should be.   Granted, there were still good parts to that episode, but that doesn't mean that the show is good.   And you're correct.  We don't have to watch it.  When there's basically nothing else out there that we can watch, what do you suggest we do though?  There are so many Travis interviews.  There are only so many recent Vlogs.  The problem isn't just with the content of the show, it's with the fact that there really isn't anything else to watch instead of it.  It's the only one of it's kind.  Sadly, Thoorin is the problem with the show.  He might know what he's talking about, but he's also just a general douche to everybody.  Except Monte.  He'll suck Monte's dick just because of Koreans.   I'm fine with a little bit of trashtalking.  It's all in good fun.  When half of your show consists of talking down to people in a rude way instead of trying to give everybody else some general insight as to what teams need to do to step up their game and turn their season around, there's a problem.  Yes, people will watch your show.  Cause you're the only one of it's kind.  That doesn't mean that your shit smells like roses.  And it doesn't give you a free pass to be a dick about things.   Gimme some insight.  Gimme some real talk.  Don't be afraid to get your hands dirty about teamwork and if you think a player is just generally underperforming.  Don't be a dick about it.  Have some fucking respect because you can't do what that player does on a weekly basis.
0	I'd be willing to bet the thread was
0	For those who don't know from where Pope Francis's Homily that was posted on r/worldnews (c'mon u/LinkFixerBot!) came from, this was the Bible verse that was read at all Catholic masses across the world on Sunday:   >Therefore, I tell you that nobody speaking by the spirit of God says, "Jesus be accursed." And no one can say, "Jesus is Lord," except by the holy Spirit.   >    There are different kinds of spiritual gifts but the same Spirit;   >    there are different forms of service but the same Lord;   >    there are different workings but the same God who produces all of them in everyone.   >    To each individual the manifestation of the Spirit is given for some benefit.   >As a body is one though it has many parts, and all the parts of the body, though many, are one body, so also Christ.   >    For in one Spirit we were all baptized into one body, whether Jews or Greeks, slaves or free persons, and we were all given to drink of one Spirit.   1 Corinthians 12:3-7, 12-13 (NAB)   In verse 6, which says "there are different workings but the same God who produces all of them in everyone," Paul was stating the fact that there is no good without God, so where there is good, there must be God. The opposite would be there is only no God where Jesus/the Lord is not ("Jesus said to him,  'Do not prevent him, for whoever is not against you is for you.' " -Luke 9:50)
1	HSGG doesn't want to release any information on it yet (he's taking point on handling it from CLG's side, btw), until he has hard evidence about it. Apparently this deals with talking to Riot for some IP logs, which involves talking to Marcou, who is on his way back from Providence (he said he'll be back in Riot offices Tuesday, iirc).   Since this will obviously only get wrapped up (or continued) with Hotshot's handling of it, we just need to wait until tomorrow.   I don't know what these people who are saying "we kind of forgot about it" or that "no one cares" are talking about since they really don't have substantiation, there's a pretty reasonable due process going on. I think this is how it should be dealt with anyways, to cool the pitchforks and look at things more objectively.
1	That's not how this game works, or any MOBA in general. All champions have weaknesses that can be exploited. If a champ has no real weaknesses, that is a problem and removes one of the most important aspect of mobas: counterplay. That is why you saw champions such as Rengar and Jayce get nerfed. They had very few weaknesses and the few they had could br negated by a skilled player.
1	I would say if you're referring to English grammar for that sentence, you only had one mistake, and you dont need that extra comma. Ideally, just because you asked, the perfect ecriture would be this:   "I was thinking of using it too, after reading (here) that many ppl like it."   (In addition, the word because shouldnt really start a sentence, but thats only when writing sentences, and not necessary for internet. The word here also need not apply unless you really need to cite a reference. Otherwise, your English writing and grammar is really good, keep it up!)
1	Could you run it for the previous split?   If you do, isn't there some part of the system where if you beat higher elo people you get more elo?  so if you ran it from the start of LCS, maybe TSM or Curse ends up at like 1400, and the guys who fell out were down near 1000.  Which means to qualify you only had to beat 1k elo teams.   What i'm saying is it's interesting if you think about it including LCS spring split.  You'd have so much mroe data than 7 games and it could be more accurate.  essentially I see C9 as a team who won 9 of 10 of their placement games (including up and downs).  that should put them in gold range?
1	Its funny you should say "consider getting new friends" because that is what happened to me. See, My "friends" from high school refuse to play with me after watching me take a very brutal fall to 900 elo when I first started ranked. I dont actually see them anymore, we live too far away, but we did have a vent server - which was the final straw because I would login after my average 11 hour workday all summer and listen in on them laughing at my match history. That was a year ago, and I have been trying (and failing) , whether its due to unlucky streaks, bad playing on my part, etc, while having my "friends" laughter echo in my ears. I Ive taken every piece of advice I can, (e.g. Pro Player A  "Top carries hardest!, Pro Player B" Mid Has most influence on the map"... Pro Player X "Play Riven, She's good!"). That didnt pan out. I tried clan vent servers, Tried adding people from solo Q - thats all but failed.  I would get really bad anxiety trying to just q up into ranked. All the while feeling like shit because Ive been unable to attain 1200 elo, and being unranked even after trying for months.   Now, I'm finally comfortable with a good deal of champs, but I dont really have the normal elo to play against players much better than me (mostly because I play alot of champs im not good at in normals trying to learn), so Im improving slowly. I also have less anxiety in ranked, and track my elo to measure my improvement, instead of trying to use my unranked status as motivation. Im doing better :D   That being said, I feel like I wouldnt have had such a rough time motivating myself if I could track my achievement and felt like I was getting somewhere. Because honestly, If you are under 1200 elo Its straight up depressing already. You get treated like an idiot; you are told that your opinion means nothing. That's 50% of the community. At least give us some dignity in our acheivements.
1	It does have an impact, if it were to tell me some one dodged and I was playing ranked, I would leave the queue for 5 minutes, because if someone on the other team dodged it may have been cause someone was trolling, and i wouldn't like to be placed with them if i were to stay in the queue.
1	In Russian, he said "умеет", which is "can". It can give no way to ambiguity, unless you're  really  overthinking.  Had he used "mozhet" (which is a synonym), it could be interpreted either as a narration of events (Krepo is now able to choose between Thresh and Blitz) and as the shit-talk (Krepo can only play Thresh and Blitz). He hadn't, so we're left with "Krepo can only play only 2 champs", in meaning if not translator's wording.
0	Realistically its only a bad place because it got massively screwed up when Europe tried to colonise it. Their arbitrary national borders and rules seperated and antagonised many groups of people. It didnt help that they kept taking people off as slaves by encouraging warlords to capture and sell people. It also didnt help that they considered the natives of Africa to be savages and heathens destroying much of anything intellectual and refusing to teach them anything. They essentially spent years conditioning the people to not think, not ask questions, and destroyed much of the simple knowledge passed down the generations IE. Dont take a dump in your camp. Then after messing up with the entire mentality of the continent, destroying much of the culture, and conditioning people to brutal dictatorships, they left. They didnt try and fix the problems or establish governments or reunite groups of people who they had seperate in the beginning, they just stomped a group of people to dust and left them. As a result warlords took the place of the former coloniel dictators and Africa had to regain its culture, general societal advancement, and intranational cohesion. That being said they have come a long way in the last 150-200 years, if they continue at this rate in another 50-100 years they will be on par with the rest of the developed world.
1	The passive doesn't have to be used in a teamfight. It excels in 1v1's. In such a case, you can towerdive, shred the enemy, die, come back and still shred him with AA's.   Also, better to utilize it like the Anivia passive. It saved you, now run. I understand that everyone wants him to crush his enemies while never faltering like in his lore, but ingame it's different. Pick your battles. If the health you got from your passive is enough to keep helping, have your support peel then wait for the cooldowns before striking. If it's not enough an they're focusing you, good, they're spending time, mana, and abilities focusing the offtank. You've succesfully peeled them from your team and served your purpose.   Aatrox is terrifying in the right hands, because a good player can manage his bloodwell like a good Morde player manages his shield. He'll know when to engage and when to just poke. He'll know when to 1v1 and when to back off. He'll stack the passive on scuttler while rotating and will pop his abilities at the right time to get the surprise passive off.   Also, nothing's more annoying than an Aatrox with guardian angel and a good Zilean on his team. He'll just never die and can stay in the fight forever, drawing attention and dealing damage.
0	Ugh. That fucking condescending term.   EDIT:  Your generation raised us "millennials" and were the ones who taught us to chase our dreams, no matter how lofty.   If you have a problem with this generation, you can blame your own generation. Personally, I love being part of this generation. As a whole, we are more accepting of people, [we commit less crimes]( and we have to figure out how to deal with what problems previous generations have left for us to fix. These problems have to be solved with cooperation even though we have an even more diverse range of beliefs and cultures than previous generations.   These "millinials" have to fix all these problems while trying to navigate through a turbulent economy and find a job during the [highest point of unemployment in this nations history]( So, with all due respect, fuck you. We will succeed, and we will raise a great generation to follow us. When it comes time for them to take over, I believe this country, and this world, will be in a better condition than when we inherited it.
0	Okay since youre looking to argue.   You have no concept of genre, technology, industry, or generational influence and difference. Comparing Mozart to Nicki Minaj is like saying "what ever happened to the good old days when actors didn't learn lines for months or have multiple takes to get the scene just right, as well as special effects to paint a picture? I miss when Lord Chamberlains Men would use dung made squibs to make the sulfuric smell of gunpowder and shit, and they only had a couple days to learn their lines as well as a privy to call them when they forgot during a performance! And fuck all those fancy special effects! End a play with a god character dangling from a crane and call it a day!"   You lack the understanding that music adjusts with available technologies, and that industry will promote to reflect it. My original post was stating that complaining about only Nicki Minaj when there has been centuries of shit since Mozart wrote anything, you should probably complain about the music industry, as well as commercialization and widespread effect of music.   Furthermore, you can still hear.Mozart. anywhere. And many other classical greats. That genre hasn't subsided, so speaking as though it disappeared and died because of Nicki Minaj is ridiculous and disrespectful to the old greats and current composers writing similar music because you obviously don't actually give a shit about it. You're just a contrarian who wanted in on a circle jerk and don't know how to back it.
1	There need to be some type of vanity rewards other then a ribbon that is only on the loading screen.  In the spirit of the "victorious" skins they could have an "honorable" skin theme.  Some skins or portraits would go a long way in motivating people to be nice on a regular basis, and so far it seems like the only reward people get for being and "honorable" player is not being banned.   Also, make some of them unique to the game mode.  Have a set you can only obtain through solo que, or normals, or bot games, even in to ARAM and dominion so prevent people from farming them all in bot games with 5 friends, also to encourage people to be friendly in all the game types.   Make it so people have to maintain honorable player status or they loose the reward, and have the honorable player status reset each month/week with a buffer to give people a chance to regain their status before lose their rewards.
1	Hijacking top comment so people can see:   You can actually buy 25 tier 1 runes that will work for most roles for 705 IP. Buy the following:     6 Lesser Mark of Armor Penetration   6 Lesser Mark of Magic Penetration   6 Lesser Seal of Armor   6 Lesser Glyph of Magic Resist   1 Lesser Quintessence of Movement Speed     Those runes as I said should work decently enough for all roles and they give a little bit more than half the effect of their tier 3 counterparts.   Now when you get to level 20 you can turn all these 25 tier 1 runes into 5 tier 2 runes and then the 5 tier 2 runes into 1 tier 3 rune by using the Rune Combiner.   Worst case scenario you get a 210 IP Rune from combining and lose 495 IP, while still having had that stat advantage up until level 20.   Best case scenario you get a 2050 IP Rune from combining and  make a profit of 1345, just under enough to buy a champion, and you still had that stat advantage up until level 20.
0	I think we should get rid of parties all together. It would allow for presidents and senators and so on, to be chosen by how good they would do at their job. Not just if they are on your party or not. Separation and labeling and fighting for control is NOT the way to bring everyone together to make bipartisan decisions. It makes there be aggressions between the 2 groups and influences their vote.
1	I am a player who learned how to be a plat player from PvS. This very nice diamond 1 player who I played against when I was bronze 1 added me to his friends list after he stomped me mid lane.  After that he spent about 30 minutes building into me, he helped me with masteries and runes, builds and champ picks, warding, playing safe and playing aggressive and when to do it, and how to judge power spikes and when to fight.  After this intense teaching, we went into another PvS and he creamed me again, but I felt that I could see what was going wrong that time and had the ability to improve.  He kept me on his friends list and I asked him questions about things over the next year, as well as playing a few matches here and there.  I am now plat 5 and I attribute my climb to him and his input. Now when I play PvS I do it with the intent to find at least one other player I can take under my wing and teach this awesome game too.
1	Thanks for making this man, I love watching your Sej play.   I made a post about this last week when the proposed changes were announced, for anyone interested in my opinion here it is:   "Diamond Sej player here (I personally love lane Sej, though it isn't necessarily viable).   Its a nerf depending on how you want to play Sej. If you want AP Carry Sej, these are bad changes. If you want tanky initiator Sej, they're still only okay changes at best (meaning that she will be a viable jungler but still not top tier).   If you're like me and like the instant burst AP Carry Sej, this is not a good change, heres why: They took the % health damage from her q and moved it to her w. They also made her e (her main source of damage) much weaker, and she never had good AP ratios in the first place.   The e has a lower cooldown which they implemented to compensate for lowering its damage, but the slow was also significantly reduced in power. The cooldown also didn't matter in the first place, because the idea behind AP Sej was that if you got a full combo off (DFG, ult, q [depending, I save it for escapes] , and e) the person should be dead, if not -- you're in trouble. People shouldn't max e now for damage, they should max w.   If you want damage on Sej now you should be maxing w first. The good news is that this now does a lot of damage to enemies in an area around her (the % health damage), the bad news is that this now requires her to be in the middle of a fight mixing it up. She will likely be getting blown up extremely quickly. Sej was never tanky in the first place, and her jumping into a fight to get off her damage isn't going to work out well.   To be honest, ever since the DFG nerfs she hasn't been a very good AP Carry (her ult CD is just obscenely long). She has awful clear speeds in the jungle, so she didn't really have a clear identity/place in the game.   Here's the summary for the point to these changes: Riot is trying to establish a clear direction for Sej as a champion. They want her to be a good initiator that has okay damage and okay CC, they also seem to want to carve her out for the jungle (the lower CD on e and damage boost/aoe damage on w gives her great clear now). Like I said earlier, Sej isn't tanky, they're giving her % damage on her w so that you're required to initiate and be right next to someone to be useful (as a damage source) in teamfights. In order to survive this, you have to build tanky and neglect AP, so her damage won't get out of control (riot didn't like burst Sej, and to be honest, she wasn't the best). Again, think IDENTITY, this is Riots big thing now.   These changes, obviously intended to improve her jungling ability, will funnily enough make her a little bit better of a laner (what I'm used to playing her as) but she won't be as bursty.
0	Just some advice for on old man...  (not that old, but a little old.) It's likely healthy to tell her she hurt you.  Because she did, and that sucks...  Here's the key word though, explore...  Back when my friends and I were in college, a friend of mine finally asked particular girl out. (we'll call him C)  She was his first girlfriend. (we'll call her D)  A week into dating he broke his leg.  A week later she left him for another friend of ours who had been aggressively courting her. (we'll call him F)   That was kind of a shitty thing for D to do to my friend C.  Especially since F was kind of an ass.  Most of our friend group was really pissed at D for a while.  Later, most forgave her too.  She tried dating C, it didn't work out as well as she thought it would with F.  That's life.  She wasn't under an obligation to continue dating C.  It was stupid to dump C for F, but people are allowed to be stupid in romance.  C never forgave D.  Years later he still holds a grudge against her.  And that kind of sucks since D isn't a bad person and is a friend of many of his friends.  But that's life.  I'm not sure what happened to F.
1	This is my two cents about this:   People who are like this are usually aggressive. They tend to pick aggressive champion for their own behaviour. Me myself, I'm not a toxic player, but I occasionally see people who are Riven "mains" and are toxic and selfish. It's just that people remember these and then they automatically expect for next Riven player to be one. To be honest I usually expect this behaviour on soloq when I see Riven picked. People who are skilled (or they think so) are toxic and don't behave normally, because they expect same skill level from other players. Every human being is different that's why people are like this.   Oh and also to note, because BoxBox as a popular streamer gathers a lot of viewers and "fanboys" which want to try Riven and be as cool and good as him... These players don't understand or tolerate any critique which they might get from other players. Which leads to toxic behaviour.
1	You're right in that you will have less damage, but the point the author makes is that versus the amount of bruisers you tend to see in games at the moment, having the extra amount of self peel from the active makes it worth it over a B.T first sorta build. Equally it does become pretty efficient , and stronger for aa's once your target has high enough hp.
0	As a waitress, this cannot be up voted enough. If you eat out late make sure to check the restaurants hours...and if you do insist on being served five minutes before close...you'd better leave a hell of a tip.
1	So we are talking about support here; one of the most unpopular roles in the game. Even though season 4 changed supports and made them a more 'fun' role to play I believe you can split supports into 2 groups:   People who play support regularly.   people who were basicly forced into the role.   Now I ask you this, for both scenario's. Who are you to decide how the botlane will be fought? Most support mains know the matchups they are fighting. If they play a sona, a lane that doesn't really all-in, they still will want to poke. And now you get matched up with an adc who provides 0 pressure in lane, relinquishes brush control and runs away when you get all inned by that leona because he believes he can't win so it's best to just let you die. That is very frustrating.   Same with someone who is forced into the role, they probably have little experience in the support role, yet they get paired with an adc that doesn't back any of their decisions. It's better if both people go in on a bad call, then if only one person does and he basicly provides free snowball gold for the lane.   Now I totally agree with you that you shouldn't flame in game, ever. It lowers moral and it's not going to help you win the game. But please get of your adc high-horse, the botlane is a duo lane where both parties hvae to adapt to each others playstyle and sure this is also on the support, he should adapt as well. The way you put it in your post however, makes it seems you are unable to play any other way then the farm way, unable to play in sync with your botlane partner. If you don't know how to play with a variety of supports atleast communicate that in champion select, or just don't play the role at all.   Once again I want to underline that I don't condone flaming, in fact you can tell your botlane is going to be shit when you're paired with a flamer. Because you can usually tell someone is bad at working in a team when they flame and the botlane is all about team work.
1	It was an epic base race. Full ad rammus was racing me on panth. Both of us had an exposed nexus. They may have had a sentient armour-dillo, with 5 bloodthirsters and move speed that blows your mind, but I had a Spartan, and my Spartan carried a ward. An undead crab, aglow with elixirs met me as I landed, more fed than an American kid at McDonalds, and we fought toe to toe. My two teammates were stuck at base, powerless to do anything but watch and wait, waiting for the power ball of doom...   But suddenly, Pantheon saw that while he may kill urgot, the minions would kill him. With a mighty effort, he jumped on the undead guardian, dropped a ward, and then slayed the foul abomination as minions claimed his life in turn.   As Rammus reached our base my two mages summoned mystic energies, and suddenly the defenders were invaders. The battle was ours, and atop the pile of afk, we stood triumphant.
0	I believe that even if there were to be a "hot" war between any of the major nuclear powers, as long as one particular side does not amass enough nukes to completely outnumber the other side's, that nuclear war is still such an unattractive prospect that it will be avoided. Not sure if I'm stating this correctly.   I feel that even if Russia and China teamed up (semi-unlikely), the combined nuclear arsenals of America, France, England, India, and Isreal (I think they have nukes. They don't acknowledge it, but they have nukes) would be enough of a threat to the domestic populations of Russia and it's allies to deter a full-out nuclear war. It's a lose-lose proposition still.   Now, CHEMICAL weapons.... That shit is scary as fuck.
0	As much as there is likely another side of the story (long day, OP's haircut/voice is stupid, whatever else we cannot possibly know at this time that set off the cashier) it does seem to break one of the rules of the service industry, and that is be nice to the customer. Now having worked retail for <insert time spent in retail here> I can definitely say it isn't easy to keep at it all the time, especially when a customer is legitimately annoying or abusive, but given what was stated by the OP, and assuming OP is not an abusive asshat, or being deliberately annoying the cashier is definitely out of line, I have seen regulars, some I like, some I'd rather not see again (he doesn't seem to shower... why doesn't he shower... why is he standing next to me) but you grin through it anyway.
0	Oh, for some reason I didn't realize what you meant by  birth  sex. I was just thinking you meant they should have separate men's and women's events.
1	I really do think there are a ridiculous number of people that have the ability to succeed in the LCS if they put the time in.   I think that is true for everything.  If you put the time, concentration, and energy into any sport that anyone playing that sport professionally has, then you'll probably be in the top percentage of players.  You might not have the physical capabilities to take be the cream of the crop, but you'll be close.  There have been short players in the NBA, guys of all body shapes in the NFL, and other out-of-the-norm in other sports.  I'm also not trying to take away from natural talent.  The unfortunate side to this is that some people will just have talent for whatever they are doing and others won't.   I have put a ton of time into LoL - but I have not put forth my 100% at being pro.  Don't get me wrong, I play seriously, but I've never watched my own playbacks, sought out a team, spent hours perfecting CS while having perfect map awareness, ect.   With that said, there is some luck involved - will you be in the right time and place to get noticed and picked up by a team that you play well with?  Possibly not, but I'd be willing to bet a lot of people who do find that team or even just partner don't randomly stumble upon them while casually playing - they are actively involved in the pursuit of getting better and through doing so find others doing the same.   Lastly, not everyone has the time, energy, drive, or desire to achieve the pro level in anything/everything.  I like LoL a lot, but I've got a lot of other things that interest me enough that I won't give them up to make myself better at LoL.  Many people play it casually or won't ever play it - so they'll never really know if they COULD have been a pro.
0	So to explain to Americans why us Australians reckon we have a better government: So in the situation where the lower and upper house are completely dead-locked in passing a bill. Australians have someone known as the Governor-General. This person, according to our constitution acts as the Queen's representative (as the Queen is our head of state) for her. This person is not elected by the people and is supposed to be set by the Queen (however by convention is appointed by the Prime minister). The GG has a load of powers that are usually controlled by the Prime minister (convention). However! Once upon a time in a dead-locked parliament the GG acted without the PM and dismissed the PM from being a minister.  Now, whilst this settled the problem and makes us seem like we have a more functional government there are merits to each system. One being that although the USA has the current problem they also have a much better separation of powers; Australia have our executive in our legislature and our head judiciary are appointed by the executive.
1	As a top laner I just have one thing to say, like you I am not super high Elo I am only silver 2, but I want you to understand especially in top lane, if someone gets 3 kills on you, generally they are Goanna have at least 2 levels and because of how top lane is played that means they can easily start diving, and if their jungler comes top again, they can just continually dive, so when it's 20 mins in the game I'm 0/3 but I have more cs than my lane, maybe you should come top ONE time because when top lane is a riven, or a jax, or a cho gath, and they start 1v3ing because they are fed, you and everyone one else on the team are going to blame me, the guy in an essentially 2v1 lane all game who was "abandoned because they are a lost cause" especially when top gets three kills and then starts roaming because they are a decent player, now you have to contend with the jungler ganking and top ganking,
1	oh lol u guys have no idea... :/   the new lucian is op. if riot doesnt change him at all you'll only see him at lcs very soon when they catch up with the patch. trust me he's broken as sh*t. if you dont believe me then you dont know anything. they litteraly buffed everything. AD, HP, Movespeed, E no mana cost, E lower basic cooldown, E additional less cd each passive it and all that buffs only for having lower AA range? fine he's a vayne now (should be able to bully in laning phase) but when it's over i he's getting a rly big threat and even in laning phase he can just all in with that new kit and winning trades easily coz of the early stat buffs.   Edit: imo OP's
1	Rek'sai wasn't build pure tank... where you got that from I have no idea. I guess the 70%+ win rate of Sion in LCK with the full tank build means it is bad. Sion benefits from building tank anyways like Mundo.   Lets look at T8's lost to CLG when they got Rek'sai.   Bans:   CLG    T8   Irelia     Rumble   Pantheon     Sivir   Kassadin     Rengar   CLG first picks Lissandra, good flex pick that is usually banned. Also is used in multiple comps.   T8 picks Rek'sai and Corki, Good picks on there own but they left up the #1 contested top laner Gnar, and the #2 jungler J4 which combo together they already make an amazing team fighting combo.   CLG picks the Gnar J4 combo.   T8 responds Sion Lulu again good overall picks but nothing special   ClG picks Trist Janna which gives them some late game insurance and again better teamfighting.   T8 final picks Annie.   So Clg top, jungle, mid, bot:   Gnar, J4, Lissandra, Tristana, Janna   T8's:   Sion, Rek'sai, Lulu, Corki, Annie   So there is literally no problems with CLG's comp even if they get behind in the laneing phase as they have pretty decent waveclear with Lissandra and Tristana. Also they have a really strong teamfight wombo combo.   T8's comp First off what is it suppose to do. From glace it looks like a teamfighting comp with lots of CC from Sion, Rek'sai, lulu, and Annie but overall they are actually very low damage, mainly as the game goes on, Corki and Lulu and Rek'sai's damage falls off as the game goes on into the later stage of the game so they had a time limit. Secondly they with the comp they had they had to engage but the problem is when engage, CLG had Janna to reset it and then counter engage with their wombo combo.
1	you have to factor in the perception of dyrus. he's widely known as the pro troll. RL singed etc.   the monotonous voice and WHY HELLO THERE etc stuff all add to the personality and it's addictive, especially when added in with dyrus' skill.
0	My mother moved to Baltimore when I was 14, when I was 16 I finally got the chance to visit her. She didn't have much money and stayed about 20 mins out of the centre of town (I forget the area), anyway one of the first days she was working and I was left on my own I got bored and went for a walk. Ended up in what I found out after was a rather sketchy area. Now, a few people did approach me looking rather menacing, asking for money etc. And I did shit myself a fair bit, but as soon as I spoke to them were super nice to me and went on there way wishing me well and goodbye.   Now to let you know I am Scottish, and when they thought I was just some random white American kid they were totally gonna kick my ass and take my money. But, for some reason, as soon as they heard my Scottish accent.... nah not gonna bother him, just gonna ask loads of dumb ass questions about kilts and Nessie. This is when I learned Americans really do love Scots, fuck knows why, I was no different to any other white kid there. And for the rest of my time in Baltimore, no matter who approached me giving me shit (yeah pretty much always angry looking black guys asking me if I had any spare change, or strange looking sexual deviants trying to pick up a young white boy) I'd just hit out with my Scottish accent and boom, every one was my best mate, no hassles.   Take what you want from this story, but in my experience a 16 year old Scottish kid is effectively untouchable in one of the most dangerous cities in America.
1	I don't play League anymore. Just /r/battleparty for me. It's kinda like a Dominion/Twisted Treeline/Heroes of the Storm mix. There are little times when you walk back to base since there is no Recall and you have health packs. The game is usually based around teamfights since the minions walk too slowly and are cleared too fast to allow for good sieges. The jungle is worth a lot, and is contested; drawing fights away from towers. The level system is implemented on the items, not skills; allowing for progression and relevant teamfights at level 1. You scale with XP, not gold and you don't scale too fast; allowing for a more controlled level of snowballing that doesn't allow the game to end after a lost fights. Also, the devs balance the game, and all the champions, even low tier ones, are usable. Also, they are planing on releasing more champions and items (backpacks). The backpack system is also interesting since it allows the foes to predict what you can build and counter your build with theirs, leading to item mindgames. All of the game is very enjoyable. It is competitive, since it lacks a normal ladder. It also only has NA servers, so you may lag a bit when not playing from NA; this hasn't affected me, I reached Gold playing mechanically intensive champions (Gunter and Magic Man, mostly) from EU. Also, there is no open chat system, hence no toxicity!
0	Ehhh...its a good theory, but I honestly think that Un is completely serious with all of this.   Think about it. Il always did the same shit through his ENTIRE dictatorship, not just when he finally realized (hahaha no he didn't) that his country was shit (again, he didn't, but lets say he did). The biggest problem here is that Un was born and raised in closed North Korea, where they tell their students that America is completely full of people who live in tents and have to boil snow for water, and are greatful for the handouts Pyongyang gives them. Which, you know, they don't. At all. Il didn't grow up in this intelligence strangling environment, so he was smart enough to "sabre-rattle" but not actually do anything serious. Un is...not.   My biggest point against this argument is: America doesn't have a great track record of helping out people who threaten them. The only dictators they let live happily ever after are ones they put in power in the first place, the others get Saddam'd. Un definitely falls into the latter category. He'd have to be pretty fucking stupid to think that he'll  get deposed and live with riches in exile, which he is...but if he was really that stupid he wouldn't think of such a clever plan in the first place.
0	Morgan Freeman is a beekeeper and doesn't wear a suit because quote on quote, "he is one with the bees." My grandma has a crazy garden and this huge bush with purple flowers had at least 20 - 30 bees collecting pollen from it. Anyway she goes right up to it and sticks her nose in and the bees just kind of move away. She says it's safe to do so as long as you don't plan on harming them and just wanna smell the flowers.
0	I attempted to take it. I left almost 1/2 the answers blank. Most of the kids in the class did as she said. One girl who was close to the family simply sat there, never picking up her pencil, and just gave my teacher the stink eye for the entire period.
0	As a general manager for one of the large pizza companies please all of you hear this. Your pizza is late because we are getting destroyed at our store. If you call to complain about your pizza not being there on time just at the very least acknowledge that we are doing out absolute best to get things out of our store as quickly as possible for you we do not, at any point, intentionally delay your order. There are far too many people out there that think they are the only person ordering pizza on a Friday night no, you are not, I on average have 100+ deliveries go out every Friday night running 5-6 drivers. On average that is more than enough but, sometimes, we get a groupin of 10-15 orders literally at once that will slow us down to all living shit. Thank you my rant is now over this is just something that has been bothering me. Good day too all of you and please order from papa johns tonight tell them reddit sent you!
1	I think it really needs to implement some kind of white or black list of champs.  I think most heroes are viable but it really sucks when you get stuck with someone like Trynd or Fiora and just get destroyed the whole game.  Also, it somewhat punishes players who own more champs than others as there is more barrier to success than those who only own champs they're good with.
1	No offense, but pick order regulates the ladder.  Players who can only play limited roles will show it in their win/loss ratio, and as such not rise in rank.  Good players can manipulate the draft pick to their advantage by making unconventional choices.  Bad players don't know how to play around picks.  In the end, draft pick lets players make choices based on previous player's picks that they are comfortable with.  Competitive team play is FAR different than solo queue.  Their picks and meta are narrowed due to factors unique to the competitive format, which are limited in solo queue.
1	i completely disagree with the "shaming bad play calls", more specific with the "if unsuccessful, afterwards quickly point out why it was bad and what you guys should do next time" part, because its a gamble with the teammates additude towards critisism and his ability to reflect the events.     At lower elo people often times fail the lack of knowledge or the ability to reflect what has gone wrong in a proper way. This includes taking critique from other player who, what the teammates cant know for sure, have higher game knowledge(or just knowledge about a certain thing), because it is not a given trend that people with much higher game knowledge are at elos with people that have silver game knowledge (thats just how mmr/elo works in regular cases).     Another problem at lower elos is, that coordination and the fact that calls are made itself(whether they are good or bad) helps the team win. If your team manages to find a person who is trustworthy or atleast who can force his style of play onto your team its an instant advantage and this position of trust/obedience has to be kept at all costs in order to maintain a healthy/functional teamplay, even if it sometimes does occure that a bad call is made its still better than no call. Try to keep your leader in good shape or in other words he might have failed but you still need guidance(ofcourse it sometimes occurs that you are that leader yourself).     At higher elos the gameknowledge (as i postulate it is) is still very much equal beneath your team. Now because you have risen in elo to a certain point you, without a doubt feel entitled to fill the role of a shotcaller for your team. The decision on who is a shotcaller is now made harder because of that fact, resulting in the fact that metaplay gets more and more relevant (kill botlane, get dragon,etc.). Now lets say a bad play happens and the caller, who has risen in elo and gathered a certain amount of gameknowledge, gets told that his play was bad for reason "x" and thus the team should next time do "y" instead of "z", because "z" does not work under the current conditions. Chances are, that the shotcaller himself already figured out "well 'z' didnt work maybe we should do 'y'" and then reads your "healthy advise", which produces a repetition of information he already has and which is relevant in his mind atm. This repetion itself is annoying to the shotcaller and makes him either just ignore it and move forward (best case cenario), type something (average case) or start getting angry about the repetition and wants to prove that hes able to comprehend himself (worst case).     In any case however it spreads doubts beneath the team because the one that made the call has left trust, which affects any other call made by any other person, because most of the time the team will follow the call without knowing exactly how made it(unless they read the name in chat, which is most of the time unrealistic since a pinged call is reactionary to a very specific event). This means that even though somebody else made the call and the former shotcaller dropped his position for whatever reason the new one has to face a team with lower faith into the call because people run through the call in their mind and might break out of it because they think the call is bad and thus the call gets bad because people dont commit to it resulting in people dying for a call which has been abandoned by half the team which then again creates a more and more difficult atmosphere for teamplay.
0	By the same sense, hitler did the best thing for his people too. Killing off the old government political candidates and installing a thug party into power secured the German economy and saved many lives from starvation. He was also heroic for lasting until the very end of a bloody war before killing himself. Che is no different than hitler, Stalin, or Kim in Korea. He was a man that tricked the masses into following a murderous revolution. He stood for terror, tyranny, and control not for freedom or independence. He wanted power through influencing the governments of those he tried to "free", not for the people. Men may have pure intentions and good ideas but how we chose to put them into action defines us. There are those like ghandi and MLKwho chose the hard way,  and then there are those who chose the bloody and easy way like Che and Hitler. Don't forget the difference between a hero and a tyrant.
0	Dude this reminds me of a date i went on a few years ago. Mexican restaurant good conversation and margaritas. Then i played drums at an open mic night and had a great time. She shows up after im done and we make out for hours. Then at the end of the night she says "i have strep." Instantly got sick as hell and never talked to her again. What a bitch that should be illegal. So gross.
0	I'm a technology coordinator at a K-8 catholic school.  I'm one of very few guys in the building.   I often feel like I would be easily suspected of pedo kinds of stuff.  One time during after school care (the kids wait for parents to pick them up in the room across from my office and are free to walk in the hallway), a girl (I think she might be an Aspie) came into my office and wanted to chat about what I do at the school.  Rather than tell her to gtfo because I was uncomfortable, I gave her a brief explanation, and asked her what grade she was in, what subject she liked best, blah blah.  I was nice to her.  Then she asked if she could hug me and I said naahhhh.  She hugged me anyway.  Uggghhhhh so uncomfortable.  She finally left.  I have avoided this girl.  I think I am being overly anxious and making this a lot worse than it needs to be, but I think a lot of anxiety comes from the fear of being accused of shit (in catholic schools, we have to participate in classes that aim to weed out pedophiles in schools, and there are regulations on what to do and not do, i.e., never close your office door, etc).  On the other hand, i have heard female teachers talk about loving to teach the kindergarten classes because they like to hug the children and it's so happy and cheerful.  As a man, I wouldn't DARE hug children who aren't mine.  Guys can't do that generally.   Side note:  Since this school was built like 60 years ago and run by nuns initially, it wasn't built with men in mind.  So there are mostly women's faculty bathrooms (far from my office), or boys student bathrooms.  i use the bathroom that the kindergarten boys use next to my office and try to go in when they aren't there (but they go often throughout the day).  So sometimes a horde of little 3 year olds run into the bathroom while I'm trying to pee, and sometimes the female K teachers walk in there to deal with the kids while I'm standing at the urinal.  Yeah, no biggie right?  I have a feeling that a male teacher walking into a girls bathroom that little girls and adult women were using would NOT be seen as acceptable.
1	Wukong only got strong recently, and that is for a good reason. Before the changes to spirit stone, Wukong was found mainly in top lane, do to being able to get the most amount of gold and xp there. However, in top, he suffered against a lot of bad matchups (Darius, Riven, Renekton...) and the list goes on. However, due to the changes in the Spirit Stone (Patch 4.2???) he was able to do a lot better in the jungle because of the added sustain, and most importantly the extra gold. So because of this, Wukong is played mainly in the jungle because it is an easy way to circumvent his poor early game and to make it to his super strong late game without suffering from bad matchups (Except Lee.....)
1	I've been getting low FPS when i get into random games for seemingly no reason since the Jayce patch. I usually have 60 FPS on max graphics settings, everything on my computer is rated 7.5+ by windows 7, so I should have no problems there. My internet is very good and never have problems connecting (I DL fast and have low ping). I can usually run 30+ tabs on chrome along with skype, 2 games, and background programs like LoL recorder. Only happens when I get into a game (nothing before) randomly and it doesnt change when I change graphics settings or reconnect. I have to restart my computer fully for it to go away (takes ~5 min so I come in being behind by like 6 levels) which makes me think its a ram problem. But I have 8gigs of ram...
0	Adrenaline/anticipation/etc. can run off after a 5 hour run. I agree once you are able to run 10-12 miles you probably have the endurance to run a marathon, BUT you may not have the mindset. There is definitely a mental focus (actually it is a lack thereof, being able to kind of put your running legs in cruise control and forget you are running kind of thing) that you need to be able to run a distance like that. I don't care what anyone says 1/2 marathon, 5 k, whatever, none of those distances are anything like a marathon.
0	I think a lot of it has to do with culture. If you grow up in a poor, black neighborhood you have to fend for yourself. What are your options? Get your ass beat or join a gang that in turn acts as a family? How many of these kids come from a 2 parent household - or a household that can provide 3 meals/day, clean clothes, a warm bed?   Now, if you grow up in a violent neighborhood are you really thinking critically about your future, or are you trying to survive day by day? Are you exposed to successful, responsible figures that you can aspire to be one day or do you see 16 year old kids slinging bling and fucking chicks because they've got drug money and guns and can kick their competitor's ass?   Now think about the government and police. Growing up in a nice neighborhood, you know your neighbors are not going to fuck with you. Why? Because of justice. You know and you have faith that if your neighbor kicked your ass, he'd go to jail. So in turn, you have no reason to kick your neighbor's ass - you have no reason to prove your prowess to your neighbors because they have no reason to prove their prowess. This allows everyone to then become peaceful neighbors.   How do you think cops treat black youths in these kinds of neighborhoods? You think they give a flying fuck about domestic violence or neighbor squabbles in the hood? No. This lack of government/law in the ghettos just breeds more violence and in turn hinders education.   And how did these ghettos even come to be? Sure, there are conspiracy theories about "the white man" that fueled drug abuse to keep "the black man" down. Another theory, black and Latino gangs were created as a means of protecting neighborhoods from gangs of lynch-happy white people (pre-Civil Rights Movement era). I don't know if these theories are true, and I don't really want to get into it. My point is, what is the environment like  today  and how can we improve things to help under-privileged youth succeed in life?
0	I used to work with this guy who had the same first name as me. Suddenly one day I start getting texts like this "sorry to hear about your mom, if you or your sister need anything then just let us know". Needless to say I went into full panic mode & tried to call her but she didn't answer so I got in my car to head to her house. I get there & she's asleep in bed. Worst half hour of my life!
1	Best thing you can do is puff your chest out and exude confidence, tell them stay behind me, follow what I do, I will carry this game. If they snap back with some smart ass remark, mute them, the entire team will not be as toxic as one player.
0	That's because people are taking a term that means "seasoned" or "experienced" and trying to turn it into something else so they can feel cool.
0	Oh, please. I went to school in Texas, in the 70s. Two of our high school history teachers considered the Bible to be a valuable source. They would keep one in class. I was just ornery enough, I would reference Persian or Native American creation stories in world history. It was fun to turn it sideways and in the interim, I learned so much about other cultures.   In science, I don't even remember evolution being an argument. GPS in middle school was an intro to geology and biology. It was pretty hard to argue with a statement such as, "Under current carbon dating methods, and our current understanding of isotope decay, scientists think..." and then provide proof. I wasn't going to get into the argument, mostly because I don't care. Besides, when I was a kid, dinosaurs were supposed to be reptiles that dragged their tales. Plate tectonics was a new concept. I never thought anyone knew it all.   While you're putting down Texas' education system, you should know that Texas is a big state and has some excellent programs. I sent my daughter to Texas schools and she received a great education. I also knew all her teachers, the administrators, and I was a very vocal parent. I wouldn't let that crap go; as a student, or a parent.
1	Lol this is exactly how I felt after completing ranked placements. It makes no sense to actually include MMR into the formula when playing ranked, because if you get stuck in a low elo, but you're technically getting matched with people your MMR, it'll be much harder to climb to what your actual ranking "should" be. Not to say it's ELO Hell, but normal MMR should not be taken into account during ranked games. If they want people to play around the same MMR, then they should just allow those people to reach those tiers faster (going down faster, or going up faster). And, I completely agree, the fact that you have to go through promotion series and division series just makes it seem like a lot more to deal with. All they had to do counteract ladder anxiety was make it so you can only go up, and only display what your highest placement was. You can still have your hidden ELO/MMR running in the back ground, but once you reach a tier, that should be what is displayed (your highest achievement).
1	I also tend to want to encourage others to be nice, like giving out more Honor, in hope to make people realize that it can make others happy to be appreciated and stuff.   But it can also not work. One game I wanted to play Heimerdinger jungle, so I called jungle. I knew killing creeps would take some time, but ganks would work great if I hit my E and I would be able to hold lanes if someone needs to b. I had Smite too, but another person still locked in Trundle with Smite. Well, I thought, maybe he didn't notice, okay, if we start off as two, then doing the jungle will be easier, so it can work out. But the Trundle kept on saying I am trolling and first thing he did was smite the blue buff before me. I thought, okay, gotta make him trust me. So we did our round and I gave him red. Then after the Golems I wanted to do the wraiths again, so I stayed under the golem walls. The Trundle then lured the golems norths, so I wasn't in range of them anymore. By that time, I was already screwed. Less exp, less gold, no blue buff.   Until the end, the Trundle always complained about me trolling, while he had screwed me. What made things worse was that I was on Team Speak with my friends and they also all flamed me, even though they should know I'm never trolling. The one playing Caitlyn switched lanes to not go 2v1, but still played too aggressive and lost against Shen. She never warded and kept on getting ganked by the enemy Lee. After the second death, she already said she just wants to leave the game, of course blaming me, since I 'trolled' and never ganked. As if I could gank without blue buff when I'm already behind so many levels. As if it was not her own fault for losing an easy lane, not adapting to being behind and not warding.   In the end we didn't do too bad, but the enemies were too fed. From what I can remember, my score and damage ended up better than at least Caitlyn's and Trundle's, not saying that the score and damage is everything of course. But of course, even in my friend's eyes, it was my fault, saying I should have just played Support Heimerdinger, since obviously if they believe jungle Heimerdinger does not work, then I should not play it. Because they say so.
0	As an Arts graduate I can confirm indeed, the paper you get isn't worth wiping your ass with. There is nothing you'll get there (education wise) that you wouldn't be able to get from the internet for free. You're interested in the humanities and philosophy and sociology? Then go read some books and save yourself many thousands of dollars in tuition fees. The end result will be the same, you will have read a bunch of books on society.   There is definitely a place for the humanities in society - if you sincerely aspire to be knowledgeable in human history and become a professor and write a lot of books/articles on society and politics, then go for it. If you're doing it because it sounds interesting then you're wasting your time and money.   Studied Science after and found it the single most challenging and rewarding thing I've ever done in life. Turns out you actually learn about the universe there instead of talk about what kids these days are doing in the most high-faluting manner possible.   Mind you I'm not even talking about whether or not you get a job. What disappointed me the most was that I didn't learn a damn thing that's actually useful. The people I've met and formed friendships with were by far the only redeeming factor.
1	Nah, that's a handwave. Pantheon does CONSIDERABLY more damage.   With a proper build and a Doran's blade, a Pantheon will have around 73 AD at level 1 (22 bonus AD) with 16 armor penetration, or more than most champions base armor.   This puts his spear at 65 + 22*1.4 = 95.8 damage against almost every target due to armor penetration.   Ryze, comparably, will take a Mana Crystal first for 450 mana, with 40 base damage on Q and an additional 36 from mana for 76 damage, mitigated by 30 magic resist minus Ryze's 8 magic pen and 15% reduction from masteries - 18.7 magic resist is still 16% reduction.
0	I wish the people who were "super worried about me" when I had my appendix out would have visited me while I was in the hospital. I wish the same people would have taken the opportunity to make up for it by visiting me when two weeks later I was back in the hospital for complications. I wish even any one of them would have come to see me or even talked to me on my birthday, which was during these hospital visits. I wish any of them would have stayed in contact with me when I had to medically withdraw from school for the rest of the semester because I had to do outpatient antibiotics therapy for the next three weeks. I had one visitor, and she was only there because her dad works at the hospital and she noticed me on her way to take him lunch. It's been like three months since I first got sick and these people still aren't talking to me. It's like they took the opportunity to just cut me out of their lives. I feel like I don't have any friends anymore because I couldn't hang out with them when it was convenient for them.  Several months ago. Because I was dying.
1	The thing is the DDoS is hitting datacenters. This means it can affect all ISPs equally. Changing ISP or adding more servers WILL NOT fix the problem.   This is what is hitting riot.
0	Just because someone likes to put their dicks in someone else's shitter doesn't change their public behavior.   Manners, courtesy, politeness. These things exist for public society to coexist peacefully despite skin color, sexuality, race, religion, what have you. We all are, or should be, taught manners so we can behave in polite society.   There was, once upon a time, a large number of gay men who misbehaved in public and acted like assholes, and it made a lot of people assume that all gay men act like this, and since nobody liked the flamboyant asses, they didn't like any gay members of society.   Now, as more people admit to being gay, and less of these people are impolite pisspots, society realizes "oh shit, it wasn't being gay that was the reason they were dicks! They were just assholes who used their sexuality as an excuse to be rude!"   And thus, complaining about "fags" is different than complaining about "gays" and behavior is a chosen action, so if someone behaves like a "fag" and chooses to be rude then they're not going to be liked.   Damn that was long winded.
0	Every post involving an engagement ring has a dozen or so comments about how stupid and common diamonds are.   Why is the fact that diamonds are common even a talking point? People know they are common, there is a demand, so they begin to cost more, and more, and more. If people chose to get an engagement ring based on their birth stone (as is usually the "innovative" engagement ring revelation that is talked about) the cost of those (already expensive) gems would increase beyond the current cost of diamonds.   I know De Beers, blah blah blah. The fact is diamonds are common, hard, have good tenacity as compared to other gems and have a high dispersion of light, which makes them relatively pretty to look at.   Just because some girl picks a different piece of whatever to put on their engagement ring doesn't make them more creative/intelligent/progressive.
0	you're not missing out. I once fingered a girl for 30 minutes at least. Then she got up to climb over me and let out a giant lip flapping low frequency queef in my face. Then proceeded to collapse on the bed and get super embarrassed. It was the first time I experienced a queef. From what people told me, it was like a whoosh sound and silent. This thing sounded like a god damn lumberjack rip. Another girl i was with did the same thing and it sounded the same so I can confirm that its normal.
0	Funny how you described the breakup completely differently in your first post "So after a day of hanging out yesterday with her and her room mates around town, at the end of the night I decided to ask her if everything was okay and that I'd noticed some distance between us and she said she felt it too and the bad part was it didn't bother her. She said she didn't know what she wanted and that she doesn't know if she wants to be in a relationship. She said that she was getting over some personal issues(through therapy) and that she really wanted to focus on herself right now and be selfish.  We talked for a couple hours, it started out as we should take it slower and give each other some space for a few days to think about it to her saying that you can't go back from a conversation like this and that we should break up.  She said things like it sucks ending a relationship with so many positives, that we had so much fun together and that she wants me to be a part of her life.   I don't know what to do, I really care about this girl and it seems like it just happened so quickly.  Should I consider this over? Or should I just give her some space and see if she changes her mind and that its just a phase we're going through and that you can come back from a conversation like this?   Thank you for taking the time to read this and any advice or perspective you may have.
