0	Yes, this is absolutely true and for a few other mental issues also. I have three kids, also all with the same man who I'm divorced from now. Being married to someone with legitimate, real mental issues is a horrible thing to deal with. If nothing else, just keeping up on them taking their meds and their appointments is incredibly difficult. He was fine art first, seemed amazingly stable. He had a good job, we had kids and then started having issues in his late 20's. I stayed and did what I could for as long as I could. It got to the point it was becoming an issue with the kids displaying some of the bad behavior that the meds just couldn't erase though. I felt like it was important for them to have a different life and I was afraid I was becoming a worse parent for having to deal with the stress. I know there are many who stay and make it work, but I just couldn't manage it myself. I certainly don't feel like I deserve any kind of a gold star. I could be a helluva lot better parent and there are a lot of my friends that are in a lot worse situation than I've ever been in.
0	Easier said than done.  Most of the time someone isn't wasting their time trying to text or call unless there has been some kind of interaction in the past.  If one person wants to end the 'relationship' they need to speak up.  Ignoring someone is the cowardly way out.   For instance, I've been talking to a girl for a few months and she hasn't answered me in over a day.  Should I constantly text her and ask her what's up?  No, of course not.  But do I think it's wrong of me to text her in a few days to see how she's doing?  No, I don't think that.  If she wants to end it she can tell me and I would gladly never bug her again if that's what she wanted.
1	Woah... yea I got that he was making a joke... but the original picture is of link... which was corrected TWICE (I Guess third including me) for torrential downvotes... clearly context isn't found this low in the comment totem pole... but yea... don't draw link to indicate Zelda...?
1	if you plan to afk farm the jungle, you should tell your team if you are in an elo that isn't aware of the feral meta e.g. "no ganks until i'm 6"     if you are not going to gank until you are 6 or have feral done, you better be damned sure you can gank correctly or you are wasting your time i.e. don't gank a land you aren't 100% sure you can secure a kill. else you look like an idiot who just afk farms the jungle and has no experience jungling     if you are going to play the feral meta, you need to get thick skin and ignore any flaming you get. or take your chat box and throw it into a corner. or mute everyone. /mute all     you should format your text, people will be dissuaded by a wall of text post       i get a lot of flack for playing my Evelynn. I play her jungle mid or top as AD with Muramana. My teammates often say something along the lines of "eve wtf your items." i promptly ignore them and go 17/4.
1	Best way I like to practice lasthitting is to make a custom by myself and go bot lane. then all i do is rightclick. Dont use abilities. Spend 10 minutes and check how many you got, then do it again. It works well with reddit since you can only post something every 9 minutes.   The lane will push itself because you do a little bit of damage to the minions. this helps to practice farming against tower and then farm with a huge minion wave on your side. just last hit and pay attention to all the minions hp. It will train you to time and decide which minions are going to die first. Only last hit, dont auto attack the minions or you will push the enemy tower. Ideally the enemy tower wont take damage, but it will. Just focus on minions and enjoy practicing with different champs. A good one is vayne because her early game damage sucks. Ashe is good too. You could try tristana to get used to farming with explosive shot... althought you will really push the lane. After a while get a friend and practice last hitting against him. Then the lane wont get pushed.   Dont go mid, there's not enough space there and I'm assuming your practicing ad. If you like mid go mid, I just feel the lane will get pushed too often and you wont get giant waves of minions after 3 minutes of farming. Mid is good for consistent last hitting where the lane has standard number of minions each wave. On bot its possible for 10 of your minions to pile up w/ a siege creep. That's where the fun starts. The enemy minions go down so fast and you have to time the attacks between a wave of caster minion attacks. FUN =)   Just do 10 minutes. Last hitting late game is easy, you want to practice early game like everyone else, during laning phase. 10 minutes is a good benchmark, especially since you will be last hitting without any decent items the whole time. If you want to make a challenge do it without items, runes, and masteries.   For example: I've been playing freeweek vayne with only 75 starting ad w/ dorans. I go bot lane a last hit minions. I got 77 minions last time, i know pathetic =(. now after posting this I'm going to try to improve this score.   GLHF
1	Yes you can blame someone who could have taken the higher road. He wasn't 'lynched' by the community, and he has never been a godlike midlaner. The fact is, even if you don't blame him for his poor performance, if they are wanting to compete with CLG, C9, TL, they needed an upgrade. He could have just recognized that fact and left gracefully without a mark against him on his resume (I count blasting your former employer as a mark against him, because that's how future employers will see it), but he is too young and immature for that so he burned a bridge.
1	you need to beat people slightly ahead of you in order to advance, that's how a ladder system works.   they're not making you beat plat1 people in order to promo up from gold1.  it's all platV people that probably shouldn't be there in the first place
1	as a new palyers u should start asap with normal games... and yeah u will face some smurfs at the start but after some losses u face no longer smurfs... if u play until 20 u will face smurfs too and when u start than to face normal people (not smurfs) they are already better than u cause they didn´t played bots until 20...
1	After 3 consecutive losses just call it a day and do something else(go for a walk,watch a stream or something).If that happens(3 losses in a row) you will feel bad obviously so more losses means feeling worse than less losses. Now about the soloq thing and the high amount of kills,I think it's how you see the game.I.E.:I see it as a strategy and i everything i do is for taking objectives(fights,moves,towers).Also there is something the late game thing.I.E.:60 min long game you have 20 kills with <CHAMPION> it means absolutely nothing in this point of game(only vayne/kog counts this late).
0	Ahhh those nice little excuses for breaks! I'm on two years now, and most days I don't even think about smoking.   there are two big successes to hit. The first is getting over the physical addiction (this can take longer for some than others, but usually lasts for about a month). The second and more difficult task is getting over the mental addiction (the feeling of I like to smoke while playing video games, or I like to smoke after a meal/sex etc.) This lasted for about a year for me. The way to get over it, is to KNOW that as long as have any desire for a smoke, YOU ARE STILL ADDICTED. This is important because time after time I see people rationalize, that just because they've gotten over the physical hump it's now okay for them to have a smoke with a buddy or whatever.
1	F*CK.YOU. I am currently playing against this... all i have to say is that i wish you the worst life ever
1	Just wanted to say i enjoy your work, and was surprised by how fast you get these
1	Hmm...   You're right and I actually forgot about that.   Really I don't know how I feel about that. I dislike that mentality first of all. I wrote a comment in the Chobra grilled thread about how I really enjoy and am interested in the Korean mentality about how all that matters is first and other positions are not to be celebrated but rather are just to be won as a necessity.   I wonder if this mentality has spread to the rest of the EG members and it is something I am going to have to ask them.   Thing is though, this doesn't seem to bother me incredibly so to the point that I will not keep supporting them for a couple of reasons probably. One being that since last year EG is not the same and I think their goals need to be properly re-evaluated accordingly. I.e. instead of aiming to win the World Champs they strive, currently at least, to just get to the World Champs.   I've probably resigned myself to the fact that the chances of EG winning the World Champs is extremely slim and to be brutally honest... I don't want them to win in the first place. I support EG mainly because the people who play in the team are absolutely incredibly guys but they are not my favourite team as opposed to being my favourite group of guys.   Ever since last year World Champs, I have wanted Frost to win the World Finals because they were the team I picked randomly to support while having absolutely no knowledge about the LoL scene let alone how to play the game. There is not a single NA or EU team that I want to win the World Finals, only Korean teams so maybe that is why that mentality doesn't bother me as much. That mentality for NA and EU teams simply means that Korea is that much closer to winning it.
1	early game: can harass a bit with E and she's super safe with her W but it's preety hard to farm.   mid game: can deal nice amount of damage if well positioned and take objective with Q, now that IE it's preety a first item rush she is back again.   late game: Huge AArange (>cait, =jinxQ, =twitch ult, similar to kog's w), can position well with W and riposition if she gets resets, E is a pretty like ignite, with R you can peel and also dealing amount of damage to enemies' bruisers. Objective taker
0	I just want to make it clear that years of psychological studies and research has shown, time after time, that striking children as a means of discipline causes many different negative effects.   Violent tendencies, lack of understanding of personal space, fear, anxiety, paranoia, low self esteem and resentment are just a few of these effects.   There are countless, more effective and healthier ways to discipline your child.   If you don't believe me google something like "reasons you shouldn't hit your child" and trust in expert studies instead of an example set by other abusive parents.
0	I almost flipped an old SUV slamming on the brake with my left foot (thinking it was the clutch) while trying to 'upshift' an automatic while simply driving down the road. Needless to say scared the living shit out of me and really haven't drove an automatic since. People look at me funny when I tell them I can't drive automatics
0	What are the causal effects of breastfeeding on IQ, obesity and blood pressure? Evidence from comparing high-income with middle-income cohorts](   "Conclusion: While reported associations of breastfeeding with child BP and BMI are likely to reflect residual confounding,  breastfeeding may have causal effects on IQ ."   [Early life predictors of childhood intelligence: findings from the Mater-University study of pregnancy and its outcomes](   "In multivariable analyses, the strongest and most robust predictors of intelligence were family income, parental education  and breast feeding , with these three variables explaining  7.5% of the variation in intelligence  at age 14."   [Breastfeeding and Later Cognitive and Academic Outcomes](   "Increasing  duration of breastfeeding  was associated with consistent and statistically  significant increases  in 1)  intelligence quotient  assessed at ages 8 and 9 years; 2) reading comprehension, mathematical ability, and scholastic ability assessed during the period from 10 to 13 years; 3) teacher ratings of reading and mathematics assessed at 8 and 12 years; and 4) higher levels of attainment in school leaving examinations. Children who were  breastfed for ≥8 months  had mean test scores that were  between 0.35 and 0.59 SD units higher  than children who were bottle-fed."
0	I spilled Coke Zero on my carpet once. I thought I cleaned it up because it beaded up on top of the carpet, not soaking in. Months later, I found another small pool of it under my dresser, still resting on top of the carpet fibers.
0	Race shouldn't even exist as a social distinction, but it is.  People should be able to say that they prefer not to be called a term that is essentially a step above "Negro."   Negro and Black are both terms that refer to color. African-American, and (X)-American, are terms that apply to everyone equally and do not reference color or historical periods when color mattered. It's pretty reasonable.   There are also circles who believe "Black" should refer only to descendants of African-American slaves, while African-American should be reserved for non-slave descendants. Barack Obama would be African-American and not Black under such terms.
1	For everyone who is supporting Riot's "no sound-booth" thing because "they use soundproof headphones"...you're missing the damn point.   We all know how the soundproof headphones work. They pick up incoming sounds and then send out an inverted frequency to negate it. That way players don't hear the crowd through the headphones.   However, you're missing the point that THE MICROPHONES ARE NOT SOUNDPROOF.   Starcraft pros and LoL pros have complained about not being able to hear ANYTHING when the crowd is cheering REALLY REALLY LOUDLY. It doesn't matter if the headphones are soundproof when there's a raging shitstorm of noise funneling up your microphone and into your voice comms from the crowd.   What do sound booths do? Sure, in terms of blocking out noise reaching the ears, they may not even be as effective as soundproof headphones because they don't send out inverted sound waves to effectively negate near 100% of the noise. But they sure as hell block a shit ton of noise from ever reaching the players' microphones. The two tackle very different things.   You'll notice in OGN, some players don't even wear the headphones. The sound booths work well enough that they can use their own stick-in earphones and use the headsets simply for the microphone only.   I absolutely do not understand why anyone would oppose soundbooths. The "crowd interaction" is unimportant when weighed against protecting the integrity of such a complex game. It's an E-Sport, not a physical sport like football or basketball. We should aim to have similar competing structures as them, but not everything must be the same. The crowd interaction isn't worth jack shit when the game is ruined by screaming and shouting.   You can see even in Korea, with soundbooths, the game is pretty damn popular. There are people filling up the studio all the time. Is Riot still under the illusion that they need to compromise the integrity of the game for this supposed much-important "crowd interaction"?? So damn delusional, and anyone who subscribes to the idea as well.
0	I've been dealing with computers for a lot longer than most people. When I was 6 I got a Kaypro II. Next computer was an IBM, third one I built (IBM parts mostly) so it could run Winblows 3.0 when it came out. It was that computer I put a modem chip in. I did this late 1990.   During that time, there was no purpose to go on the "web". Commerce is what drove the web explosion. During this period, the add free zones were the networks the  internet provider  gave as their service, not the true open Net as we know it.   This is why people who used AOL as a provider had a different "internet" as someone who got their service through Prodigy, or CompuServe. They could connect outside of their gated networks, but there was nothing there to even connect too. All the things they had, the news, weather, shopping, bulletin boards, games, polls, expert columns, stocks, the list goes on and on. These were not on the "internet" these were only accessible to people who held subscriptions. For the internet providers were the ones hosting it directly, not this multi-website hosting network we are familiar with to today.
0	I'll share my story as an example to illustrate what I see as the problem with your argument.   I majored in philosophy and graduated at the height of the recession. There really aren't jobs that require a philosophy degree -- they simply don't exist -- but that doesn't mean I wasn't trained to do anything, and it doesn't mean I didn't learn any marketable skills.   During the course of my degree, I wrote a lot of papers and I learned to think critically, pulling ideas apart and putting them back together in a more understandable way. This qualified me for a lot of jobs, and the one I ended up in was technical writing for a high-profile software company. My degree did not train me specifically for technical writing, but it certainly gave me the opportunity to develop the skills required to be a good technical writer.
0	You throw a newspaper away.  Newspapers tend to not have porn.  Laptops have crevices that collect filth and are rarely cleaned.  Laptops are electronic in a potentially humid environment.  Laptop rests on your lap while newspaper tends to be held up over it.
1	Xerath's poke is on a shockingly long cooldown until he has a chance to level up W.   If he uses Locus of Power (his Siege), dodge around until he's out of it and his short speed boost is gone, and then go in for stun + splat.   When not in siege mode, Arcanopulse's range is 900, fairly easy to dodge, and fairly soft hitting.   It's cooldown is between 7 and 5 seconds without CDR>   Locus of Power is what makes Xerath strong, because it gives a ton of magic penetration and an extra 400 range.   However, it's cooldown is 20 / 16 / 12 / 8 / 4 seconds, which means that Xerath needs a lot of levels before he can start using it effectively.   Xerath's pre-six game is actually awful.   He's almost solely dependent on his ultimate to get kills via Mage Chains stuns with Q -> R -> R -> R -> Q  while in Locus of Power .   If you ever get hit with Mage Chains (his E, a pretty symbol shows up above your head) run away for three seconds, then turn around and dump on him.   It's his only CC and his only way to set up meaningful combos with his ultimate.
0	One of my high school teachers referred to black people as "negros" once, albeit in a respectful tone, nobody said anything, probably because there were no black people in the class.   Anyway one night I got drunk and met some black friends of friends and...
1	Would be counter intuitive game-wise. Why would you have ghost as a summoner spell if you can't get benefit from it? Got a few ideas too :     I feel like his e hp stacking passive should be into his actual passive along with the damage reduction, scaling with champion levels instead of e levels. Would be good for both ad and ap.    Q, would be a skillshot that makes him roar in a straight line, damaging all units hit and either fearing or stunning enemy champions. Needs a good base damage and scaling nerf (maybe 250(+0.7ap) instead of 300(+1ap) at 5) since it becomes aoe. Sion doesn't really feel like an assassin, but like a big monster wrecking enemy lines.   W, maybe change the shield into a skill that throws his axe into targeted location, dealing physical damage. He could run to it while being impossible to cc and damage/knock units in his path, and be able to stop earlier at the cost of his E passive (described after).   E, could be the flat ad we all want in this champion as a PASSIVE, without hp loss (less ad of course), + an active that would stack the damage reduced by the passive into a shield (%hp cap maybe? Getting stronger as the game goes for both ad and ap), no idea about mana costs or numbers yet. Shield could blow up for this great feeling of zombie apocalypse (magic damage as the previous one).   R is fine, fits the champion really well.
1	Actually, they only throw out updates when they have real meaningful updates. Basically, if something big isn't fully completed and functional, they won't talk about it much. They learned from replays that even hinting that something might come in the future, and then having something come up to slow progress, means an onslaught of complaints and criticisms for years to come.   Anyone with half a brain knows they're working on a new client, otherwise they would've never updated the patcher or any other things. Have you noticed how they're slowly rolling out updates to the current client? New friends list, now new champ mastery that updates the champion page, etc? Almost as if they're preparing things piece by piece to make sure it all works, rather than releasing everything at once to a big clusterfuck of potential bugs and issues.   In other words, they're doing the smart thing, making sure each piece works well before they roll out the final part. Slowly upgrading and improving the current client so that when they have the new client ready to test, they can 100% focus on how that works, and not all the different pieces of it.   Also, I had to state my opening sentence because any time someone says "just reallocate people to bug fixing and client coding," it's obvious they have no clue how actual programming works. I'll explain it in pretty simple concepts. When it's done, it will be done, until then, it's not done. Riot won't release any news about a new client until they know for certain that it's 100% functional.
0	That doesn't apply when talking about audio (or RF) signals.   The zero the previous commenter mentioned, actually refers to the signal being at it's 0dB point...which means no attenuation, or largest possible amplitude. When you are talking about a signal in this context, it is understood that the signal in question is before any amplification takes place.   Some home theater receivers, usually the mid-to-higher tier models, use an actual logarithmic scale for the volume control, as opposed to the linear ones used on the lower tier models. A logarithmic scale more accurately tracks perceived volume than a linear one. It's all a matter of costs...it's cheaper to just use a linear, resistance based, potentiometer to control the volume, instead of the hardware/software needed to make a logarithmic volume control.   Have you ever used a receiver that had a volume scale of like 0-100 (linear) and you notice that as you turn the dial, the volume basically tracks the knob movement, until you hit certain values, where the volume will either seem not to move much, or jump to a volume higher than what it should have, based on the amount you turned the knob?   That's what happens when you try to make logarithmic values fit a linear scale. At some point in time, you have to deal with the points at which the curves begin to diverge too much from each other.   On logarithmic volume knobs, for every 3dB change made by the knob, there has been either a doubling (+3dB) or halving (-3dB) of the amplitude level of the signal. If you make a 6dB change you have quadrupled the signal or reduced it to 1/4 of its previous value.
1	HSGG did an AMA ages where someone asked how much money is stream made, someone else replied saying he could probably make like $2,000 per day, HSGG replied that 2k in day would be absolute BEST case scenario. ie. streaming for 14+ hours with 12k+ viewers.   So
1	Keep playing. If you take 10 people of the same ELO and randomly match them, you have a 50/50 chance of being on the winning team, assuming they are of the same skill level. Now, let's assume you don't suck. Now whatever team you are on has a guaranteed NOT sucking player, meaning the ratio of (players who suck) to (players who don't suck) is 4:1, as opposed to the other team's 5:0. If you are truly better than the people you play with, you will win 10% more games than anyone else you see, making your ELO rise until you are now equal to the surrounding players.
1	solo top nunu sucks dick   it just kills retards who don't know what they're doing top lane   it doesn't have a lot of potential, people played it for a week and that was  the extent of how far it could go   he shits all over people who only know how to win their lane by bullying their opponent, but if they have the sense to just farm farm farm then nunu does nothing at all and just wastes your top lane farm/solo exp
1	i think this thread could just be summed up as
1	Watch was never the problem within Sword though.   I'm gonna say this aand prepare my body for the downvotes, but I'm gonna say it; I honestly think that towards the end, the problem for Sword started being  EXPESSION!!  I know that everyone loves praising him everywhere, I do it too to an extent; He was amazing for a long time but in the end he struggled.   I attribute this to the fact that his main strength fell out of favour whch was carry toplaners; Toplaners no longer were able to carry like they were before, and Expession starting to decline (I attrbute that to his illness) didn't help one bit. Watch was caught with having to be at 3 places at the same time; Making sure PraY snowballs, or that he doesn't get curbstomped (Pray is pretty inconsistent from my observation), making sure Peng can hang, first OGN afterall, and trying to help Expession.
1	The biggest issue here is that you have to expand how many teams go to worlds to be able to do this. Right now, it's 16 teams, which really easily works out as 4 groups of 4, top 2 from each group make it to quarterfinals.   Now, the easiest thing to do would be to make each group 5 teams, with top 2 from each group advancing to the quarterfinals. That requires us adding 4 teams to worlds. If we just give Brazil 1 slot, that's still 3 slots unused. Now, let's look at what options we have for the other 3 new slots:     Give Brazil 2 slots. Give how big the Brazil scene is getting, this wouldn't be horrible. By 2016 I'd expect Brazil to have 2 teams that could at least be somewhat competitive at worlds   Give Turkey (or another wildcard region) a guaranteed slot. I don't think this is a great idea, yet. Japan's scene is too nascent right now, and Turkey and Oce are too small of populations to justify having a guaranteed slot (especially given that Turkish players can play in Eu relatively easily. Maybe LA could also get a guaranteed slot, but even that I think is questionable.   Give SEA another slot. They've effectively had 2 slots since S1, so maybe it's time to give them a 3rd.   Give additional slots to Korea/China/NA/EU. I really don't like this solution, as you can't give them all new slots, and it would feel wrong to give some of the major regions new slots but not others. Alternatively, there could be 1-2 major-region wildcard slots where the 4th place teams across the regions compete for a shared slot (sort of like how FIFA does it for the world cup)     Basically, no matter how you slice it, getting those 3 extra slots to give Brazil one slot is going to be a bit of a pain. You then also have to deal with the logistics of having those extra teams (each of which adds 8 games to the group stages, so you're adding 32 games to worlds, plus more potential tie-breaker games). That's a lot of extra work on Riot's end. They could make it happen, but there'd be a lot of questions that need to be answered first.
0	People need to understand that it's not just Comcast that's ass. Even with people who do have options, it's pretty much just as shitty. I have an option between Verizon, DirecTV, Cox and DishTV for cable; Verizon and Cox for internet . All equally as shitty. Having options in ISPs does not always tantamount to a win.
1	Rengar was hunting KZ, so he found there was a Void monster on the League, maybe he wanted to find a connection of KZ and Cho or just kill Cho before KZ, and the other prey anyway   And KZ prey is Rengar, so when Rengar got to the League, it's obivious that he would join.
1	Riven, on paper, is one of the most OP heroes in the game right now. Period. Analyze those numbers, no one can match her damage output. It's frankly retarded.   1)"she cannot deal any damage"- that is patently false. Read her abilities. Her AD scaling is retarded, on everything..   2)"Q deals less damage than 3 autoattacks"-This one is actually true, yet false at the same time. You use Broken Wings for the passive stacks, and the knockup, not the damage. Because, frankly, her passive is fucking OP. While yes, Q doesn't do a lot of damage on its own, if you play Riven correctly, the passive damage needs to be considered, because it's where a lot of Riven's damage comes from.   3)"bad ult, cannot use it at the start of teamfight to maximize damage from other abilities"- This is wrong. I ALWAYS pop my ult as soon as a fight starts. I play her kind of like an assassin. I pop ult, pop ghostblade, then dive the person who needs to die. They die, every time, along with a lot of collateral damage because Riven is an AOE MACHINE. You pop ult (which gives you crazy bonus AD), and it makes all of your abilities (including your passive) stronger, and then you have 15 seconds to use Wind Slash. 15 seconds is a LONG TIME. Most times, I find my combo kills who I want to die without my ult. But hey, it's there if you need it.   Riven's jungle is strong, but I honestly don't feel it's the best place for her. She scales so well with items that I would honestly run her top before jungle, if I had the choice. Her lane is pretty strong (no resource harass meets no sustain to meet for a decent top lane, especially once you get wriggle's).
1	Well you're close anyway with that description. Because of the effects of gravity, blood tends to pool in the veins. This is normally counteracted by contraction of the leg muscles forcing the blood up through veins back to the heart. When you sit on a plane or playing a video game for hours, however, the blood just sits there. This can lead to deep venous thrombosis [DVT] (blood clot in the veins of the legs), especially if there's preexisting damage to the blood vessels (e.g. recent surgery) or your blood clots easily (e.g. certain medications). You won't have a heart attack from this since DVT is on the venous side and heart attacks result from arterial disease. However, pulmonary embolism, a severe and potentially life-threatening disease of the lungs, CAN result.
1	I actually had it help me in one of my promos - I'd just made a great cross-map escape from four of the enemies and renekton had just revived.  He ran down into all four of them so I could finish making it away and I cast the wall to trap the enemies in the jungle.  I messed up the cast and Renekton was on the other side of it with the four angry enemies, but he just wriggled through it while they couldn't.
1	I agree with you for the most part of the silly factor of the post.  They can be fun but it can get out of hand and for the most part and I understand some people don't want to see that sort of drivel when they visit /r/lol.   However reddit is a community driven website so if the community upvotes those and decides that a subreddit should be filled with those type of posts then the only one that can stop them is the moderator. To be honest with you any sort of general discussion forum is going to degrade into these types of behavior unless they are actively moderated to be on target.   As far as your anger though, I am still not sure that it is warranted. I see no problem with suggesting a better subreddit for this person to post their question in, especially in your case where you are disgusted with them posting in the wrong subreddit. You see every post has a home but the user might just have the wrong one. At the end of the day silly posts to /r/lol contribute to the community just as much as your reply of "ugh, r/lol is becoming lol general discussions". You are basically committing the same error you are calling the OP out on. I hope you are able to see that through your disgust.   All that aside I personally do not like all the pro-scene posts  that occur in /r/lol. However, I do not flame about it. I subscribe to other subreddits concerning lol ( a good starting point is the sidebar which list several good focused subreddits). If I do not feel like a post contributes to what I feel /r/lol should be I downvote it and move on. I would suggest you do the same as your anger is not healthy for you well being.   If we moved all posts from general discussion into specific subreddits the only posts that woudl be left are posts pointing to users to other subreddits.
1	I'm a true advocate now. I once was one of those so called "gg, ff @ 20" players, until I started to play different roles. Early on last season I was placed in G1. My thought process was to just identify those on my team that were strong (could cs well, knew how to trade while csing, had good awareness, used their wards, knew enemy flash cd, and knew where the jungler would be) about 85% of the time in G1 only 1 teammate(besides myself) would be aware of these things. If all the other lanes had died pre 6-7 minute mark I would figure all hope is lost, because basically its 2v8.   However, after playing late game champs or hyper carry's I realized that early game your going to get stomped, but hopefully if you can mute all the toxicity and play it out you still have a 50-50 chance of winning. Once I changed my mind set i went on to lose G1 promos on main and smurf a combined 12 times before getting into P5 where i got lucky to promos and then skipped P4 to P3.
1	Story time: Yesterday I decided to play on a smurf for shits and giggles. Picked my lv7 account, locked in Morgana, bought only a Doran's Ring and proceeded to play. Went to the toplane, besides people telling me to go bot. Didn't try to lasthit with autos, I clicked once in the closest minion and waited for him to die (but I used W to farm the backline, even a beginner would do that I guess). I played like a total noob, which is to be expected of a lv7 summoner.   Needless to say, our Ezreal and Nidalee raged like the plague, called me dumb and that I had Down and some other things that I don't even remember. Our Wukong and Singed, on the other hand, were really cool and even "taught" me how to shop (I said I thought I could only buy at the beginning of the game).   The best thing was that I was still being more useful than our Ezreal and outplaying/murdering an Aatrox with 3 items and passive up while having only a DRing.
0	It's really nice when someone comes through my register with something different to say than the usual stuff. I hear a lot jokes about how bored or lonely I look, or that I need to be put to work. It gets old. HOWEVER! I have co-workers that don't mind at all. Better friendly than agitated and violent. There's also nothing wrong with sticking with the bare minimum (Hi, how are you? I'm good too, thanks. Have a nice day.) Our job is to get you out of there quickly, anyway. But if you cannot stand the silence during the transaction, you can share something you have done/will be doing that day. It sounds like it's boring talk, but I enjoy hearing what a customer will be cooking or if they're traveling.
0	A little explanation.   I joined Retro Fitness almost two years ago.  When I signed up it was a "one year contract".  My first mistake was not realizing that the "one year contract" automatically renewed each year.  At the end of the first year I stopped going to the gym and started exercise at home.  I had wrongly assumed after one year my membership would be up.  But after a few months the payments were still going.  So I called.  Every time I got the answer "our manager isn't in but I'll have him call you when he is", but never any call back.   So I decided to call my bank and have them block any charges from Retro Fitness.  It wasn't too soon after that I started to receive phone calls and emails from ABC Financial telling me that the credit card I had on file was "cancelled" and if I wanted to be able to use the gym I would have to put a new card on file.  I went to my account on Retro Fitness's website and it said my account was cancelled, so I was like "okay, that works".   I keep receiving automated phone calls and emails and I finally replied back to one saying that my account is already canceled.  They replied and said that it wasn't and I need to provide documentation of the cancellation, or send in a letter stating I would like to cancel my account.   Now hold on.  I need to send in a fucking letter?  They can email me, and call me, and have an accessible online account but I need to send in a fucking letter.  So fine, I sent in the letter with the necessary information and a big   "Go Fuck Yourself,   (My name)."   A week passes and I receive an email telling me I need to pay all past due payments or the account won't be able to be cancelled.   So now I have to pay everything, or they'll keep just billing me.  So I say fuck it, I don't want this on my credit score.  I call them up.  The first guy who answer I told "I'm paying off my fucking account and I'm not fucking sending in a motherfucking check.  You've obviously demonstrated the ability to take a fucking credit card for the past fucking two years so you can have that." (Obviously I'm very pissed off at this point).  He says I'll transfer you to payment services.  I get put on hold for 40 minutes.   I hang up, call back and get a woman on the phone.  I tell her my situation and she takes the credit card right then and there.   My membership is now cancelled.  With the exception of the two months of payments that will occur while my cancellation is processed.
1	With the way they have changed sidegrading of jungle items, I think one smart way to fix things for junglers who want Ranger's early and Stalker's later is to make any Tier 1 jungle item with enchantment upgradeable to any Tier 2 item with a different enchantment WITHOUT converting the tier 1 first.
1	I have seen a lot of questionable decisions in the LCS, and even some that were bad enough to make me question the thought process of the player themselves...  But this is the first time, ever, that I have thought, "I could do better than these guys," and meant it.   Hope this isn't
0	Oh lol.  Just read the
0	Even though my graduation is completely opposite of yours I want to share it with you.   I was told I would not be able to walk across the stage for graduation. My class was small and I was well known by the students and faculty. I was caught puking my brains out in the girls bathroom during the very last dance of the school year. The superintendent decided this was finally the time to enforce the no tolerance rule.   They told my parents and I on a Tuesday, and on Friday 5:30pm day of graduation, my lawyer,parents and I are walking out of the court house on our way to my graduation ceremony. My cap and gown had tape that said "not walking" written on it. My principal who was the one who first told me I couldn't walk across stage (crying btw),was now smiling ear to ear greeted me with a huge hug. My last name began with an A so I was the first person to cross the stage. When they called my name my whole class,along with every one of my friends families were on their feet. It was great!   So why am I telling you this? Despite our graduations being so opposites,I graduated in 2004. That day is now just a funny story to tell and yours will be too. Trust me this won't matter years from now. Just be thankful you graduated,that can be a hard step for some and you should be proud!
1	Game is from the US not NA, NA is a region consisting of Canada, the USA and Mexico (surrounding islands included), glad you got that right - I didn't even say the game wasn't created in the US, because it was - I'm simply saying I play on a server which has nothing to do with the US   Your second point doesn't even make sense, things are more expensive in EU so even if there was the same number of people purchasing things in NA as there was the combined EU servers, EU would pull out ahead   What the fuck are you talking about!? You have a clear graph there that tells you more people play ranked in EU than NA - so if every player purchased 1000 RP for a skin, you have more income from EU servers - I myself have spent £60 (~$90) on RP so there's my contribution   I used that insult to show you how ridiculous it was
1	heres the deal:   racism is a VERY subjective term, and there are varying degrees of it.   >Who's fault was it that Svenskeren got banned 3 games? Svenskerens alone, 110%, one of the dumbest things anyone has ever done in E-sport history.   this is the critical part i disagree with.   i dont think jeziz actively blamed svenskerren. i think he knows something about svenskeren most of us dont know or dont want to see. based on previous SK posts/intervieews on the subject and on this one, i think svenskeren really didnt know what he was doing in the situation. he was acting stupidly, in my eyes, not neccessarily racist.   thats what i didnt want to get into. cause i know how reddit sees this whole thing. "you said something bad about this type of people, and we know you are toxic from soloq? why you must be a racist!"   i have a somewhat different view, as i elaborated above.   dreadmad is an idiot if he actually thinks that his "
1	oh   sorry
1	Smartcasts aren't so accurate and even the pro's play champions that they aren't 100% comfortable with. And because of that you can't expect to know what the range is exactly for example on max range. I personally use shift to smartcast if i'm sure i'll hit with the spell. But if I need to hit a spell like cho's or naut's Q I really prefer not smartcasting to be more accurate.
0	Union employee here - while unions can have their problems sometimes, I would think if I were in this situation this would be something handled through the grievance procedure.  If this was attempted and has failed, then your union has failed you.  Trust me, I know about particular people in unions being useless or only out for themselves and it's demoralizing when those people get their way.   In our system leave is granted on a seniority basis, within each store and management class - i.e. one manager can have off but not two at the same time, and one non-management employee can have off but not two (unless a store has a metric fuckton of employees like some of the megastores.)  But I believe it's more done in our system that two people asking for leave around the same time is when the seniority kicks in...if someone in say December puts in for time at some point in the summer, and then someone with more time would put in for that same time in April, the person in April would be denied even if they had more time because plans have already been made, travel paid for, etc, etc. by the person who put in in December.  Earliness of the request is as important as seniority.   ...but I guess I'm lucky that the one person superior to me in the store never takes proper vacation and uses his 25 days to give himself an additional 25 Saturdays off each year so we never conflict anyway.
1	It is not uncommon for a highly powerful, highly banned champion to have a low win rate.   What happens is the champion is seen as powerful, you play games where it gets through bans and someone who excels picks it up and proceeds to go 20-0. Often at the same time the champion sees a lot of success and bans in pro play.   Then comes the bandwagon.   These champions often have ban rates upwards of 70 or even 80%. At the same time they are seen as the best in the game, easy to win with. When the champion gets through bans it gets picked up, regardless of whether anyone on the team can actually play said champion.   The thing is, these teams are kind of forced to pick the champion up first pick, even when no one has experience with them. The risk they take is that someone on the other team can dominate using that champion, at which point they are at a massive disadvantage if they let it go through.
1	This. Twisted Fate is probably my favorite champion if i had to pick one, as well as being the first champion I ever played and bought. One thing that really separates good TF players from amazing TF players is reaction time while pulling cards. being able to always pull the exact card you need the first time it shows up in the rotation is extremely beneficial in tight situations. if you miss your yellow card the first time around you have to wait nearly 2 seconds to pull it again and 2 seconds while getting ganked on a champion with no real escapes other than flash could easily mean the difference between life and death. Worse still is simply pulling the wrong card, so knowing the order and adapting to any sort of delay that your internet might cause while picking the card is also important.
1	I agree completely. The skin rework ruined his lil slugger skin. He used to look like a cute little leprosy stricken baseball player. Now he just looks like a hunched over something that happens to wear a baseball cap and a jersey. I think the change in stance was what ruined the skin for me.   If you are going to have poorly written lore at least make it funny. And the new lore is neither good nor funny so fuck that bullshit. And then to top it all off they completely ruined him with the new voiceovers. I would request a refund on my trundle skins because they have to use the new voice but they were all cheap ones and I don't want to waste the refunds :-/. So now I just have two useless skins. I could deal with the changes if they kept the old lines for the jokes and taunts but changed the rest. But no, they had to force feed his new Shitty lore down everyone's throats by changing his jokes and taunts into these terribly written forced abominations. Wtf is with the troll king, troll w/e, and troll some random bullshit line. Who thought that up? How is that a good joke. It is god awful. I cringe every time I hear it. I swear they purposefully rewrote trundle's lines to be shit so that the few trundle players left would either stop playing him or stop using his emotes in game.   I swear the only positive change from that rework was the q changes
1	at a certain elo people know how to abuse their advantage (a reason people talk about elo hell is that they did get ahead but didn't know how to use their advantage)
0	This post is actually not bullshit but OP doesn't know this woman. A radio station here in Arizona does a little segment every morning where the set people up to see if they have done anything such as cheating or in the incident stealing a ring and they found out the bitch sold it and bought some new boobs.
1	Just because one thing follows another, does not mean the first caused the second.   Virus scans are not catch alls - in fact they don't catch MUCH, they catch the more known more obvious viruses and malware. Most of them don't even catch bad cookies or Adware.   League of Legends in this sense would not have given you a virus. Another player, with access to your IP address, could send you a vrius possibly - but not through League of Legends.
0	TIFU by submitting a post to reddit about a problem only a fool could have.
1	True that. The Riot support guy was even trying to cheer him up, like "you can do this, you allready made it once". And then being rude and disrespectful, just because you feel a little buthurt, because your e-pen shrinked without gold?
1	Merely having Akali on your team intimidates the enemy into dying.
0	What should have happened was that the banks should have been allowed to file bankruptcy,  then  the Government could go in and assist with restructuring. Maybe instead of paying to the banks, they could have then bought all the assets (mortgages, debt, etc.), and held onto them until the private sector was in a position to buy them back from the government. In the meanwhile those who owed their debts could pay them down by issuing direct payments to the agency housing their debt.
0	At the risk of sounding like a pompous idiot, you need to dig deep and find the core emotions that lead to your frustration. You're upset that she doesn't do work, sure, but what feeling is beneath the frustration? Does it feel like she doesn't care about you because if she did she'd do house work? Does it feel like she's being unfair and expecting more of you than you can do? Once you figure out how you feel and why you feel that way, sit down and tell her about those feelings and then try to understand her point of view when she talks.
1	Your mindset: I got 4 idiots in my team playing vs 5 insanely good players.   What you tell your teammates when they do a mistake: My bad. Sorry. // Doesnt matter, we can still win // Damn, where did he came from.   What you tell ur mates if they were near a good play: Grat job  champname  // Thanks alot!
1	QSS is the easy one to remember. It literally just drops all debuffs on you. Basically, it gets rid of practically everything.   Cleanse is way more complicated. It removes most CC effects, but not  suppression, knock-ups, knock-backs, grabs and flings. It is worth noting that it removes the  whole  debuff with it, along with any extra stuff that it normally wouldn't remove. So, for example, Lee Sin's Cripple will both slow you AND reduce your attack speed. Cleanse doesn't remove attack speed debuffs, but since Cripple also applies a slow, then both the slow and attack speed get removed from you.   More information here:
1	I play Syndra mid a lot and I can tell you she's strong if played well, but it's rare to see and easy to shut down. She has no escape with the lowest base movement speed and that's her major flaw that must be capitalized on. She can push waves like there's no tomorrow let her push to your tower and have the jungler come in, easy kill every time, if she tries to stun you just flash over it and she's got nothing. If a Syndra falls behind the only thing she's good for later on is single target burst and once your ult is down you die.   At the pro level if you can't play a champ to its maximum potential you're probably not going to have the best of times. To play Syndra to the max level is difficult for even the best of pro players, only a few have shown it over and over. Think of LeBlanc, VERY high damage IF played correctly and at the moment HotShot is the only one that strikes me as consistently good on LeBlanc.
0	Had this happen to me once. Major freeway in Melbourne, guy in a shitbox of a car comes flying down the stopping lane doing 80km/h when the rest of the traffics doing 30 because it's the middle of rush hour in the afternoon. We turn a slight corner and there's a car parked in the stopping lane ahead of him so he starts to come back into the lane I'm in right next to me. I've got no where to go because it's peak and the traffics all banked up. He keeps coming across and I start blasting my horn so he looks and sees me. I get the bird as he winds down his window and chucks a can of something through the window at my passenger side window and cracks it. He eventually realises that he's not gonna be able to merge as he gets up to the parked car and ends up braking hard and stopping until someone lets him in. I pulled over a bit further up to try and catch his plates so I could report him for smashing my window. He eventually comes up and pulls up right in front of me and starts to get out of his car. As he flings his car door open rather violently it goes a bit too far into the traffic and a truck going past rips his door clean off in front of me. He's just about to take off without his door when a police car comes past and pulls over right in front of us both and stops him. Cop was a few cars behind me the whole time and saw everything. Ended up getting my window replaced and he had his car towed.
1	This is a really good point, which is why the 3.10 patch both scares and excites me as a C9 fan.   Scares me because they've been sticking to a strategy that has allowed them to sweep the entire split without ever having to make any significant changes. They've had to adapt in tougher games but haven't really had to adapt on a scale that involved them changing their gameplan entirely right from the get-go.   On the flip side, watching them was getting kind of boring until mid-late game hit (if it hit...), so seeing them come up with something new will be interesting. They're all solid players and plan well as a team so regardless of how much 3.10 forces them to change their style I'm not to worried.
1	early game: laning phase, i think the issue is wriggles vs EC (if you're behind) and i can see EC being more gold efficient, but not something that i would place in any specific build.  mid game: if you're playing an ad carry that really needs to get into the mix of things to your job (vayne especially), i think EC has always been viable (if you need cheap ugpraded lifesteal+crit). it should be used more as a situational item when you're still being denied creeps/kills, team fights are happening, and the closest target is a high-regen bruiser/tank/gap closer (irelia, mundo, akali etc). otherwise, vamp scepter by itself with your standard pd and ie should be just fine for kiting IMO. it provides that little bit of health regen needed to sustain in fights until you build it into a BT.
1	Lately there have been many posts about how professional gamers have been let down, disappointed, cheated and such like. Together with this post, it all makes me feel that Online Gaming is still a very unprofessional sport.   So, perhaps it is time that League (and other games) began to get 'proper' organisations. I mean by this: A player's organisation, a guide for companies and persons willing to enter online gaming with set rules and regulations, any other such organisations. In short, what FIFA is to soccer/football
0	I don't care what you do within the privacy of your own mind as long as your perverse thoughts aren't leaking out into the rest of the world.
1	Just so we are clear, orb walking does not exist in LoL. It's not a big deal, but when people say orbwalking, they mean animation cancelling. Orb Walking was a specific type of animation canceling, where you would manually cast each orb. It was only possible for heroes who had orb effects. The advantage, besides just animation canceling, was that if you manually casted each orb, it would not draw creep aggro, so you could harass much more effectively in lane.
0	We're actually in one of the most peaceful generations in history right now. It's just that every small modern event gets broadcasted everywhere, while we only hear the
1	its because if you duo queue you get paired vs other duo queuers so you are more likely to get a better enemy team.
1	While I know people are complaining about Riot's servers, servers aren't the easiest thing to fix, and that's probably taking up a large majority of their staff. That and player support. They have 1000 employees, INCLUDING all of their employees in each new region released, regions that they're looking to release and the ARMIES of server techs that must exist for EUNE, EUW, and NA. As LoL is growing with money, most of the growth is not going to fund the product being made, most of it is going to the rest of the product team.   Imagine this, in all of the new regions released (Turkey, Greece, Brazil, Russia, Latin America, Oceania), Riot needs at least 15 employees. That includes server techs, player support, management and localization teams. There's 100 employees right there. eSports probably has generated another 100+ jobs and transferred some of their old staff. It would appear Phreak is now entirely the Riot representative to eSports and has no part in whatever his old role at Riot was.   You can argue on the size of VALVe being smaller than Riot and complaining that Riot came up with a worse game, but when Riot needed to make their game, they had a lot more to do than make an Engine. VALVe based their game on DotA. Riot had to develop all their new content from scratch (I'm aware many champs share abilities from DotA champs, but there's still a lot that goes into that work).   claims that DotA2 hits 4 million monthly users. This is a very impressive number. The same article cites LoL at 12 million daily users and 30 million monthly users (I'm honestly more interested in the cool fact that this means that the average LoL player plays only every 2.5 days). I don't know how reliable that source is, but realize how much that means Riot needs to pour into server maintenance. (NOTE: Riot doesn't control most of their servers in Asia, and I don't know if VALVe does control those servers or not, so the numbers are closer than they seem).
1	After your initial chat restrictions are closing out, the system uses a whole lot of data to assess whether or not your restrictions needs extending. This data includes, but is not limited to:     Reports in the lobby from other summoners.   What you use your restricted messages to say. Be aware, however, that 'easy', 'ez', 'gg easy', 'gg ez' amongst many other bad manner phrases are considered unsportsmanlike. If you do say it, you're essentially telling your opponents that they offered you no challenge, even though they're in the same elo bracket as you and, very likely, killed you a number of times. Saying it is simply ignorance and idiocy and is correct in warranting an extension in chat restriction.      You have to understand that if your behaviour did actually improve, the system would likely increase your restrictions by a smaller number than your initial set to ensure that you aren't going to feel defeated by the system and return to your old ways.   Example 1. You receive a 150 chat restriction. You abide by the rules and are pleasant. Game 150 takes place and you receive a 60 game chat restriction. You think that this is ridiculous as you were on your best behaviour and kick up a fuss on reddit and the forums, before going into a game and starting to be bad mannered because you perceive the system to be broken and you don't think you'll ever get free of the restrictions. At the end of the 60 games, you receive a 300 game chat restriction and proclaim a false sense of achievement, because you knew it would happen because riot is out to get you, or players on the team are out to get you, or players on the enemy team report you for nothing etc etc.   Example 1b. Game 150 takes place and you receive a 60 game chat restriction. You realise that this is a test. You abide by the rules and after 60 games, receive a 30 game chat restriction. You're pleasant throughout and have realised that having good manners actually goes a long way. Game 30 finishes and your chat is no longer restricted.   Realise that you have to change your behaviour for the better in order for it to be recognised and rewarded. If you're getting more chat bans, it's because you're being detrimental to the people you play with.
1	I posted a long thing about what I thought in the thread where this started with Froggen and the eve.   I see two sides to this whole thing which both make me laugh because it is so like the average person to do this. On the eve side, we have a normal guy who gets flamed when he plays with a pro and thinks that it is so horrible for a pro to do this to him. In reality if you go and play with a team of any selection of pro sports players, you will get shit talked and fouled and pushed and shoved and not treated like some little flower that you think that you should be. Pros of any sport are just about the same because it takes the same mentality to be the best in something. They are egotistical, hyped up on hormones for the most part and very passionate about what they do. If you think that they just sit there and play like any normal person and talk to other people like a normal "model" summoner would then you are wrong. On the other hand, we have Froggen. His explanation basically says in his defense that this is his job and that he needs practice with his role in order to be good and that the eve ruined his whole game because he went mid. This is hilarious because this was a solo que game. Not 5v5. Saying solo que is practice is like telling an american football quarterback to go and throw the ball into a net over and over and over again. It would help him a little mechanically, true. But, it would not help him to become much better than he already is since he is already a pro. Solo que for pro LoL players just can't be practice in my opinion. You can't say that Practicing against people who have no real communication with each other is practice when in a real game you are going against a highly skilled group of players who have played together for a long time and have really high communication between them. It is quite frankly dumb of you to say. If you "pros" really want to practice, go play 5's like you will be doing every single tournament of your LoL lifetime. Otherwise don't get so upset and flustered because a person who goes into solo que thinks you are playing a role that you were not going to when the way that they got their was following the "meta" where in general there is an ad melee top, an ap mid, a jungler, and an ad carry and support bot.
0	Similarly, use "guys" sparingly, especially with those older than you. (i.e. "How you guys doing today?)   It's just as easy to say something like "How are you doing today?"   Furthermore, don't use phrases like "do you want", or "should I get you".   Stick with "Would you like another beer?", and "Anything else I could do at this point?"
0	No. People really do judge you if you're a male in a park/playground.   No, they don't. I'm 29 with a 13 year old half-sister, who I am regularly joking around with in public. I work in a male dominated industry, where practically everyone has young kids, and this NEVER EVER happens to ANYONE.   This is something that happens to really creepy people, who are most likely obviously leering at children, or being wildly inappropriate, who then blame all their problems on others,  which is another manifestation of the same personal psychological problem that leads them to be completely unaware of how inappropriate their behavior is.   They then point to EXCEEDINGLY RARE one in a million cases, that gather news attention precisely because they're SO FUCKING RARE AS TO BE NEWSWORTHY, and shout "SEE SEE! It literally happens EVERYWHERE all the time! My lack of adeqate social skills and self-awareness aren't the problem, it's EVERYONE ELSE!"   >
1	After watching their games for quite a bit, I feel like the only one who currently has "gameplay" issues is Link (we all know why).   In seraph's case, it seems to be 90% because of communication. And I don't think it's just because he isn't entirely comfortable with english yet. He's too quiet.   It's not the first time now that we see him completely failing his teleport or being out of sync with his teamates.   They will never be able to pull out clutch plays and decent teamwork/rotations with that kind of communication.
1	Heimer is not in a favorable meta. Gragas was played but is too op. Kassadin's R will always be too good or terrible. Rengar is definitely not a fail. Nidalee, not really as there's probably a reason people stop playing her as often. Sona, not in the meta.
0	My ex bf was in two bands, one was rockin' blues and the other was metal.  In his blues group, a couple of the guys also played a lot of metal, so after a few hours of drinking, their bluesy groove would get pretty fucking fast n loud.   One night they had been out in our backyard playing for hours while I was inside with our 1 month old baby trying to get her to sleep while those guys thrashed the shit out of their set list.  I finally got so upset that I opened up the window and started screaming "SHUT THE FUCK UP".  They were only about 20 feet away from me, but the continued to play, and in fact my bf started getting more and more carried away.   Finally I went outside and shut off my bf's amp and started reading him the riot act.  The look on his face was priceless, and he started explaining that he thought me screaming "SHUT THE FUCK UP" had been one of the guys throwing some metal vocals in there. He had thought it sounded really cool.
1	Ryze has a super short casting range as you probably know. Two things you have to know which I'm sure you do know you just choose not to acknowledge because apparently you play a much better Ryze than a professional gamer. :) :) <3     In laning phase, you wanna obviously snare them first if you're setting up for a gank for your jungler (flash --> w) and then you don't really worry about the rest of your spells as when the jungle comes its 2v1, worst case you make them waste a flash or best case you get a kill.     In team fights, and at late levels, your CDR is going to be massive and already capped at 40%, you want the snare utility which makes Ryze such a monster (Rune Prison has a 14 second cooldown, with 40% CDR it is reduced to approx. 8 second cooldown, which means you can spam away as your Q and your E and your R will also get the 40% CDR). If you spot an enemy AD or anyone out of position, why would you lead with Q? You'll get the hit sure but they'll just run away...Instead of getting more damage off you only get your Q damage off rather than your WQREQ Or whatever combo it is you pick to do after you land your W first.     You can initiate with Q first and that's fine, but the whole point is to snare a champ in place as Ryze has an okay initiate and he can use his Flash+W since he's built like a rock~!       Hope this clarifies things for you!
1	Yes i know that. When I play him mid i love having a blue on me. But the thing is, if I play a mana jungler i will not give it to you, unless i have some mana regen items, which is in my example nearly never the case, cause i mainly play khazix and vi, which both need some pretty decent amount of manausage tho.
1	So back to my point that he blamed OP for something OP never did wrong. So
0	Do you think those atrocities would simply cease to be if there were no longer religious establishments, or even religious practicings. The way I see it, there are a lot of positive aspects to religion (speaking to my own experience at least) and most of the negative actions are "done in the name of" religion or beliefs but are just vailed justifications and are more a product of human nature or degradation of human nature that would exist with different rationales behind them should religion ever be taken out if the equation. Should the religious institution ever fail, we wouldn't all live happily ever after, but another institution would take its place and be the basis and justification for equally terrible actions.
1	Learning from your mistakes is key. Watch replays of your games and see how you can benefit more to winning the game. Some games I had bad games but ultimately my team lost from poor play collectively and a lack of communication. Are you calling mia?If they are MIA, you better be pinging lanes so they dont get ganked. Though tedious, this is what you have to do to raise your elo enough where you will then not need to do this.   //Random story of the day.... I'm at 1570 elo and some people I play with should not be there. My last game I had a teammate who never said anything until his turn (last pick) and after picking udyr top who he had never played before, he proceeded to only say "fk u". Just watching him play top and seeing his 40 cs in 20 minutes makes me cringe. However, I did what I could to gank (as ryze) and we proceeded to win because while he was bad, we all communicated well and everyone else played well enough to mask the udyrs poor skill.
1	As a side comment... jungling (imo) is one of the most rune intensive positions to run. A solid t3 rune pages is needed to be efficient in the roll.   Full armor yellows -> MR/lvl runes  -> AS or ad Reds -> AD / mspeed quints is a page set up that can be applied to almost all junglers, and the runes also cross over to other roles as well (maybe not movement speed quints)   Prior to this, jungling with most champs can be less then efficient. You will almost always be going cloth + 5 pots, and blow all 5 by the time the double golems are down.   Once you get a decent t3 page set up, you can start running boots + pots or regrowth, and have faster, more efficient jungle time/clear.
0	Yeah..this shit happened to me about two years ago. Lent a long-time friend of mine a bunch of Xbox 360 games (few $100 worth, 8 games in total), some controllers, including Guitar Hero + Rock Band with some guitars, a mic and a drumset.   Fast forward half a year or so, I want my games back and politely ask when I could get them. He tells me no problem he'll bring them by as soon as he gets a chance. No big deal, the guy was working like crazy and I didn't want to pressure him.   Fast forward a few weeks I haven't heard from or seen him, so I ask again. I don't get a reply. So I go visit him in person, but learn that he moved. Eventually I figure out his new address and pay him a visit. I don't see any consoles in sight, but a TV is hooked up, with a nice big stereo system and some other shit. I ask about my games and gear and get told he lent them out to various friends. I lose my shit, but nothing can be done about it, I tell him get them back right the fuck away and call me when he does.   I know the people he claimed to have lent the games and controllers to so I spoke with them and they told me they never borrowed anything off him. Turns out my "friend" pawned my shit off instead.   Never. Again.
0	Here is what the linked Quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you can't reach it:   >Title: A meme for the lazy   >  THIS MEME >  IS A
0	It's just the panic. I was in a situation at a pool during a save when someone wrapped themselves completely around my body with their legs around my waist and arms around my head. The only reason I didn't sink was because I already had a rescue tube under my arms and in between us. I tried to get them to calm down and loosen their grip. I don't think they could hear me. Luckily the pool I was in was not very big.
1	I like how people are suddenly questioning the team with the best record in the history of the LCS, for any region, and then going on further and questioning the playstyle of the most dominant player on said team. You don't just completely destroy every team in NA and then all of the sudden go completely retard mode and suck. Just sayin. I think people dont want to get their hopes up about c9, because realistically they have the only chance of any NA team to do well at worlds. If they fail, people want to be able to say that they knew it would happen, instead of being upset about it.
1	the end of the season comes with two skins, a victorious skin and a championship skin. the victorious skin is awarded to players ranked gold or higher. the championship skin is a limited skin that can be purchased at the end of the season only (and codes may also be given out at the world championship game)   with the announcement of the season 3 reward, riot included teaser art indicating the victorious skin this season will be for elise. riot has not yet indicated who the championship skin will be for.   reddit is attempting to guess who will receive the championship skin, based on teasers from red posts, which champions have seen competitive play recently, various other sleuthed-up information, and which champions have recently received new skins or already have championship/victorious skins.   the current favorite seems to be zed.
0	Straight white male here. My girlfriend is Thai and she's as racist as fuck. My ex wife is Brazilian and they're the most racist cunts I've ever lived amongst.
0	I've never seen people tamper with food, and I've worked in several restaurants. No one asshole customer is worth losing your job. One night a cook had to make a dinner for her ex husband and his new girlfriend. If she didn't tamper with the food, you'll probably be safe.   Then again, some human beings are just jerks and wouldn't blink twice about getting fired for a chance to do something awful to another human.
0	Loaned an ex-friend/housemate of mine the money so she could buy herself a brand new MacBook in 2007 (for her uni work, allegedly) with the understanding that I'd be paid back in monthly installments... 2 months past - nothing. Decided to opt for the friendly reminder approach and amazingly, she coughed up half of one month's installment. Cheers...  Another couple of months go by and the torrent of bullshit excuses come winging my way. She even had the temerity to ask for more money a few times.  One day, she was in her room doing whatever uni work involves fucking around on ebaumsworld, when I strolled in (I knocked first of course), collected the laptop and its bits, and walked out ignoring her dumbfuck expressions and shit-for-brains protests. My sister got a nearly new MacBook for her birthday.
0	I work as a dishwasher in a kitchen that's open 24/7 every single day (yes, even on christmas...). although it doesn't close, i like to think the time i'm scheduled to be off is relevant.   A new rule the new manager implemented is that the dishwasher has to have EVERY pan/pot/utensil that the cook pulls off the line washed before they're allowed to leave... the problem with this is that i'm usually scheduled to be off at around 10:30 to 11, and they aren't actually allowed to pull half those pans until the graveyard cook shows up at 10. Things like soup pans and frying pans, which have been sitting on heat for the last 8 hours, tend to be quite dried and have stuff stuck to them, meaning they need to soak for quite some time before i can even THINK about cleaning them.
1	Reposted from a topic on Pantheon, but still relevant...   You can't build a balanced game on poorly designed foundations. Riot has a somewhat problematic record of nerfing champions first and items or masteries later, leaving champions whose entire strength depended on abusing a particular game design flaw in a nearly unplayable state. Fortunately, it is not always the case, and Riot handled the early AD mid craze in Season 3 the right way by nerfing the Black Cleaver and filling a gap in AP early armour itemization instead of blanket nerfs to every AD mid laner. Itemization (including runes and masteries) is a huge balance issue that shouldn't be ignored, but on the contrary prioritized over champion balance.   As far as the jungle is concerned, Ancient Golem being utter trash matters more than most players think. As strong as the early S4 junglers may be, the S3 metagame favoured the early game even more, and yet tanks had the upper hand due to the sheer power of tank items. There's a reason five out of the six strongest junglers right now favour SotEL over SotAG despite being able to build either of them. Hell, the only reason Elise even builds SotAG is that she can't really use anything else.
0	Stop trying to justify it. I'm sure you are also exaggerating about his comments. He wasn't representing his company, he was on his personal profile, so don't go trying to say you were letting his company know as if he was on their profile. Also, guess what, he has a right to his hateful opinion and words, and youre not gonna change him.
1	Ah the circle of complaining continues, it really never ends.   Some people complain about something in X, other people think it is unjustified complaining and often point out all the things the company didn't have to do (as seen in OP's post) to justify the companies actions and to request the complaining to stop.   Just about everything that was something "they didn't have to do" was a design or business decision. If it aligned with what the playerbase wanted then that's just another thing on the 'pros' list for that decision.   Here let me go by all your examples OP:   > They made it possible for practically anyone who has a computer and an Internet connection to play their game for free. They even tailored their game to accommodate toasters and even Macs, which they had no requirement to do.   This was done to maximize the potential audience, and therefore the amount of people playing their game, and therefore the amount of money they make. Not out of the good of their hearts as OP seems to nobly think.   > You pay ~$60+ for One brand new game just to try it.   The genre itself has proven charging money doesn't work. League wouldn't be nearly as played if they charged full price. The competition would blow them right out of the water, especially when you consider the other MOBA games in development and released around the same time.   > Runes have in game impact, that is undeniable. However the IP you gain by the time you get level 30 is by far enough to give you 2 or more optimal rune page set ups and enough champions to fill any role.   Rune sets and pages are expensive. If you want to be competitive to the best of your ability, several extra rune pages are a necessity. As for as having enough champions, maybe, until a few of your champions get nerfed. Don't even get started if your one champion for a role was hardcountered or banned. It takes a very long time and a lot of games to become competitive, and not just from skill, but from IP costs. Which is of course a balance between competitiveness and $$$ that Riot is trying to make. The people complaining are saying is that it's not balanced   > The content you are complaining about (IP) is 100% free and if you think you don't get it fast enough to purchase what you want, Riot has made an option for you to get more faster with a simple purchase!   The value of IP has been dropping, there are a lot more champions at the 6300 range than the ones at the lower range. Look at the IP prices from previous years, the distribution was still skewed but it was not as top heavy since there weren't as many champions. So since there's more 6300 champions now, the amount of IP per game has remained constant, the amount of IP you get has lower value, hence the complaining. Combine this with the fact new players have a gigantic hill to climb to own enough champions to be viable competitively. I'm inclined to believe they're complaints are justified.   It's a good strategy on Riot's part to make the cost of champions high, and one can argue either way. But as a player, people can and should complain if they find that it's unfair.   > There is only purchase necessary when you want to enhance your own personal experience, but paying will not give you an in game advantage as long as you made good choices with your ip purchases.   Have you played solo queue? Half the time you get shoehorned into a role that you better have at least 3 champions for it that aren't banned, and that you have full rune pages for.
1	People here seem to not understand that organisations like MYM are just money consuming proxy between real sponsors and the team. More and more I hear about organisations that do so little for the team while still takeing % of their prizes. If you belive you will last longer than 1 split in the LCS then start your own thing. Any organisation will probably sign contracts with them lasting 1 split anyway. I would think of organisation as last resort. Thats how TSM/CLG started and thats what Gambit is doing.
1	riot seems to balance this game only based on the LCS so if they release a champion more then likely now that this game has gotten alot larger competitively they probably want to make champions that have alot of utility or damage to try and keep more people interested in competitive LoL... i mean if yo look at the last champions released most of them are/were hugely picked in LCS... (excluding Vel'Koz because other champions did his job but better... he didn't have the best waveclear or the best damage.. he is like a bad version of xerath)   if we look at the recent released then most of them are picked in LCS every week...   *Braum, Vel'Koz, Yasuo, Jinx, Lucian....   4 of 5  of riots last released champions are EXTREMELY popular in LCS
0	Honestly, I skimmed the link you sent me so this might be wrong. In the examples given in your link, the commas were there because they were in the original quotes. Such as: "blah blah, blah blah" can become "blah blah," said "blah blah." This makes sense because the commas were part of what was being quoted. However, in this case, the commas weren't part of the quotes, but rather were there to separate items in a list, the items being quotes, so because the commas weren't part of the quoted material, they should be outside the quotes.
0	Making a long shot thinking this comment will get noticed by anyone on my side, but, Reddit, can we  please  have better conversations than this. Please? Right now we have a thread full of either:   A.  People giving themselves self-congratulatory "not a bigot" stickers,   B.  People snarkily dismissing the group from people A and the OP without actually giving  any  platform on which to have a constructive dialogue on what the core of the issue is here (and therefore, allowing their comments to be easily misunderstood so that no progress is ever actually made).   or   C.  People taking the last half of OPs comment as an excuse to hate on minorities, while talking up their own tolerance, in one of the most ironic irony ever to have irony-ed.   Is OP for real?  No idea. Taking OP's identity at face value, is it  possible  for him, as an individual, to have had a set of personal life experiences that would lead them to say something like this? Sure. I'm part of multiple minority groups myself, and I know first hand anyone can be hateful, and anyone can be accepting, and there can be a lot of pain in figuring that out. That doesn't excuse the generalizations made, but acknowledging that at least keep us from having a drawn out debate on OP's individual legitimacy that wouldn't get us much of anywhere.   That said , Reddit upvotes comments in this vein all the time and it's a problem. The opening volley in [so]( many [conversations]( on identity politics in this subreddit is an image macro expressing some [supposedly subversive]( [reactionary]( sometimes downright [bizzare]( opinion against exaggerated and often false depictions of what are treated as widely held minority viewpoints. We need to break out of this, or we'll be trapped here forever.   In doing so the comments sections almost always fall into categories A, B, and C, and larger issues of structural bigotry that need to be discussed are flat out ignored.   To those of you in group A, bigotry is not some sociopolitical game of hot potato, where if you work to get the heat off you, you get to ignore it as a problem. Maybe you're not a bigot. That's wonderful. But when the conversation is flooded with topics like this, what we're not talking about is how minorities are  still  [disproportionately targeted for hate crimes]( in this country. What we're not talking about is the negative impact racial profiling [can and does have]( on minorities in America. Or that in most states, people [can still be fired from their jobs]( if their employer finds out they're gay. This confession bear reached the number one slot on Advice Animals in close to two hours after being posted. How often does an image macro discussing any of the above problems even make it to the front page?   People in group B aren't necessarily helping. So many responses to group A on this site get mired in individually mocking them. That's not the same thing as addressing the above problems, and actual debate on this site doesn't much change. Instead, it's this frustrating back and forth where people spend hours arguing in the same inanely framed ways without communicating anything of substance.   So how do we break out of this? How do we actually change the landscape of this site? I'm open to suggestions. We really do need to find a way out of this or we'll be stuck here forever.
0	I disagree with this (hence the UPVOTE). If you don't reward effort (in certain subjects,) you will eventually eliminate certain students motivation, making it to where they won't even try anymore. I am an example of this. I hated when a subject was open to interpretation, yet only one answer is right. For example: you're asked on an assignment to examine something, and you examine it and put effort into it, yet if your opinion/assessment differs from the teachers it's considered incorrect. I always fell behind in english classes when it came to this, especially when it came to reading books and discussing/doing assignments on them. I put forth some effort at first, but after being told i was doing things wrong, i gave up out of frustration. I quit reading all together. To this day, i read one book in school/ever, i read it on my own, without anyone telling me how, or what i should think about this or that, i took it as i wanted to and i enjoyed it, yet i still just don't have the motivation to read books.
1	haha i got some LP by only playing Trydamere first and reached bronze 4 but it was no fun so i went to playing all champions again and went to Bronze 5 again.
1	nah....they haven't confirmed their rosters.  Curse has simply resigned their players and C9 have stated they don't plan on making any changes.  It is all in how you are choosing to interpret.  As I implied in a prior post, you would be better off listing the status as signed or not signed and then tagging further with things such as rumored to be traded.
0	If other posters are right, it could have been the rapid changes in pressure that caused it to break.  Aircraft cabin pressures rarely exceed 9000ft above sea level, and are usually kept lower to 8000ft. So if you were traveling from a sea level altitude departure location, you would have had your instrument change altitudes very quickly, not giving the strings the time to stretch and break first.
0	If someone is complaining about "the double standard" what are they trying to accomplish if not to justify why they think "double standard" would be an appropriate label? I have no idea what you're trying to accomplish by splitting this hair but there seems to be some kind of an assumption about how "both sexes waste money that the other sex seems to think it's valuable enough" but that's basically the functioning definition of "justifying" a point.
1	I never said that they were right, that they knew anything about LoL or that they were informed... It's a motherfucking  talk show ! What they do is talk, show and entertain. Sure they'll hit minorities and marginal topics, because that's entertaining to the mass.   Also, I'm not even approving of what they did, I'm simply saying that Monte is a bigger jerk to me than them. They didn't really discredit LoL (although they did discredit the pro players, but basically saying "I don't understand"), whereas Monte built a huge circlejerk out of something that was simply not what he expected... He's blaming them to be misinformed when he is at least as much as them...
0	When my youngest was starting kindergarten there was another kindergartener on his school bus who was a spitter. Every day my son would tell me how Zack had spit on him again and the bus driver never sees it so she wont do anything. Now my son is a tough but well mannered kid, always polite but plays basketball and soccer with kids who are 2-3 years older than him in our neighborhood so he could easily deal with the kid but was afraid to get in trouble. I told him that the next time it happens you need to punch him really hard in the throat, but only do it once. If you get in trouble don't lie about what you did, just explain that he spit on you several times before and no one ever does anything to stop him.   He never spit on him again, and my son earned the respect of everyone in his grade and on his bus. Third grade now, never been bullied never been in a fight, and one of the kindest and most popular kids in his school.
1	I'm gonna make a really unpopular statement. It wasn't a nerf. This change, because it wasn't a buff either, was made to change how blitz was played. The "W" utility is now to make him more efficient at catching people out for picks. There were plenty of times when you're trying to chase someone as blitz and can't catch them. The initial burst of MS actually is better for catching up to the person for the pick than his old "W". On top of that this makes you think rather than mindlessly spamming hooks. Kudos for riot, IMO, in trying to bring a champion with a low skill cap into the future of the game.
0	I worked at a trampoline place where the floor and walls were made of trampolines. When someone wasn't listening and I warned them many times, I would step on the trampoline when they jumped by, so all the bounce was gone out of it and they would eat major shit. Awesome...cruel....but awesome.
0	Nietzsche is rolling in his grave, K. Syphillis will rot your brain. All this crap like, oh! It can just be cured by antibiotics is a misconception. In many cases, yes, antibiotics will destroy the syphillis bacterium and you can go on your merry way. I happen to have a friend who personally recounted his nightmare with syphillis to me, so he's a friend of a friend to you guys, but this anecdote was all too real to me. My friend picked it up in NYC out partying years ago. He started having health problems but they didn't catch that it was syphillis until it was in more advanced stages. He had to be given a dose of extremely strong antibiotics and the antibiotics nearly killed him. He suffered from a stroke. He eventually beat the syphillis but still lives with nerve damage from the stroke. It is really painful, it keeps him from working and he's only in his thirties. He also warned that alot of people just plain aren't educated on STIs (duh). For one, you will have to beg your doctor for a syphillis test because the test is expensive and medical protocol does not call for full std screens every time you get a checkup. Communication with partners and condoms are key. For two, syphillis is caused by a spirochete bacterium. These bacterium are shaped like little spirals and can actually act as a virus acts--- drilling into good hiding spots in the body and coming out to attack when the body is weak. Lyme disease is also caused by a number of spirochete bacterium and their shape is why it is so hard to completely cure. Anyway, because syphillis is a spirochete, it can actually be transmitted from mere skin to skin contact, like brushing against someone's sweaty leg.
1	ITT: Posting quotes instead of
0	It's not like media giants get millions of advertising dollars from Coke each year and have any incentive to make Coke look like some sort of helpless victim and give them the best kind of publicity that money can buy.   Coke's PR people obviously knew that some number of ignorant people would pipe up about their commercial. This was in fact the reason why they went with it. It was a brilliant PR move. The company is now being painted as the corporate face of freedom and all that is good.   Here's some news: Coke is a shitty company that makes billions of dollars off of sugar water and treats its employees like dirt.
1	I make no assumptions when I see a person's league ranking now.   Sure, its reassuring to see a diamond/platinum player in your silver/gold game. But I quickly learned this means  nothing .   If a plat player is found in a lower tier game like this, it indicates his hidden MMR has been plummeting.   Also, although I see a strong correlation between league rank and mechanical skills (cs-ing, skillshots). This is usually negated by the fact the higher ranked player is an  asshole .   You will see this all the time. Plat player's perspective:  " Another ranked game with low elo scrubs, time to carry these noobs ." Although the player is good in lane, they usually are too cocky and make mistakes that hurt the team.   For example, demanding the team to react to their actions because they believe they know better. Another common mistake they make is underestimating their lane opponent or jungler's awareness.
1	In short: no, you should not be warding their lanes.   Long version:   Top should get their own ward, bot should handle their wards, and mid should ward one side of the river in their lane. Your job as a jungler is to ward the side of mid that your mid doesn't ward as well as any defensive or offensive buff-control wards you feel you need. In certain circumstances it may be best to ward a lane for them, such as when you have an extra ward and they absolutely need to back but can't afford their next item and a ward at the same time. If they need you to do this though they should ask politely (which they should be doing anyway since they're your friends).   It appears to me that your friends have the all-to-common, but incorrect, view of junglers as roaming gank and ward bots. There are a few "support" junglers who essentially are that, Maokai being the prime example, but most junglers are either pure tanks or bruisers who need to farm their jungle as much as possible to stay effective throughout the game.
1	As a support main, I carry my ADC duo queue partner every game because he has zero map awareness so I am his eyes. I make the calls to engage or back, I set up all the kills in the laning phase. All my ADC has to do is auto attack and output damage. A good support controls the laning phase and forces the other team to send resources to stop you and your ADC from snowballing. If you get 4 man ganked, you're doing your job. If you cause a 4 man gank and manage to escape or kill them off, you'll win the game.
0	this is bullshit.  I am a guy with a beard -- and my wife is ok with it.   But if your wife/gf doesn't like your beard, you shouldn't have one.   Why?   Would you like your wife/gf as much if she got fat?  Probably not.  Why?  You don't find her as attractive.  So, you want her to stay slender.   Guess what?  Your wife/gf also doesn't find the beard attractive -- and she  wants  to find you attractive.  Is that really that hard to deal with?
0	22, white, male. Healthy weight - we don't have quite the extent of obesity here in the UK as in the US given many redditors are American (most populous English speaking country in the world - makes sense (excl. India)), but don't worry - we're next! - give it 5-7 years and I've no doubt I'll be your stereotypical redditor. I don't see my healthy weight surviving the microwave meals, pizza and beer diet that is par for the course at med school. We're always saying to patients - healthy diet, low fat, high nutrients, exercise - after which we usually go home, have a pizza, have a smoke on the way back to hospital, count the aforementioned 5 min walk as "exercise", and begin the night shift with the pager bleeping. We're enormous hypocrites.
1	I think more emphasis needs to be added on how much of an underdog KaBum was this game. Alliance is the #1 team out of Europe, said by many to be the West's only chance against the mighty Korean teams in terms of winning the whole tournament. KaBum is a team from Brazil, which has a small but developing League professional scene. KaBum was not even the clear favorite to make it out of their region, let alone take down a prominent team in the World's tournament. Alliance also had recently beaten NaJin White Shield, a Korean team favored by many to make it to the finals, extremely convincingly.   There was a fair amount of controversy as to whether these wild card teams from weaker regions should be even allowed in the tournament, as they are easily defeated by the superior regions. KaBum's win puts Alliance at a record of 3-3, and placing them volatile to being knocked out of the group stages.
1	Okay first I would like to say I don't think elo boosting should Be allowed in any form, but to say it negatively effects low elo games is flat out wrong. Reasons why? Well if the elo system in place works players won't be effected by the one game the elo booster plays with you and yes I say 1 game because 90% of the player base is in low elo it's unlikely that you will get matched up with them again(it is possible but slim). I'd also like to point out that Riot allows professional players and streamers to take unranked accounts from unranked which starts at 1250 mmr silver 5 and climb which is literally the same thing as elo boosting. The reason it's allowed is because when someone is truly way more skilled then the league/div they are in they skip and climb fast and literally create zero impact on the players they play with/against. The only people who actually suffer from elo boosting are the higher elo players that actually have to deal with these people playing their games to keep from elo decaying and where the player pool is way smaller and it's likely to run into more often creating completely unbalanced teams
1	Korean Lee Sins play a support role, usually getting madreds for quick early clear then into a sightstone for ward presence and obviously ward jump ganks. Then they usually build tanky, while other server Lee Sin players tend to build Elder Lizard for damage or Ancient Golem for tank/tenacity, as well as the conservation passive from both.
0	I'm worried about the stuff you design, because quite frankly I have assembled Ikea furniture while drunk as hell and high as shit (at the same time) and even got a hand job in the process, without a single issue.  Their furniture is easy as shit to install and the instructions are always perfect.   If you honestly have as much issues as you say, then something else is wrong and it is NOT on the Ikea side.
0	One of the buzz words in any business these days is 'privacy.'  Here in Canada, we have the 'Privacy Act' that controls what information can be public and what can't be.  One of the things that an employer can't give out, without your permission, is compensation information.  Including how much you are paid, what hours you work, or any information that could be used to calculate that.  So, even in a union situation, and your hourly rate is probably common knowledge, your hours worked, or even projected to work, has to remain private.   This has meant that employees have had to 'opt in' to having their schedules public.  And bids for schedules, vacation, leaves, etc. can NOT be public, no one has the right to see what you want, or get scheduling wise, unless you GIVE permission to your company to do so.   Just as an example: We have always had certain claims for medical treatments paid directly to the supplier. They have just stopped that, quoting the privacy act, saying that the 'amount' of the payment given the supplier is disclosing 'compensation' information to the supplier, which is illegal.  So now, we have to pay up front, and wait to be reimbursed.   You might want to look into the laws in the area that you work, to see if this is a way of switching your vacation bid to a 'blind' bid, rather than an open one.  This way, she would have no idea what the others need, but would see that she did in fact get her first choice.   Long winded, but thought it might be something to look into.
1	I've never played zac but it seems like a nidalee-style damage boost on his gap closer that has, I dunno,40/70/90/110/ 140 base damage and scales to maybe 2-5% total HP, ? No AP scaling whatsoever, minimal damage, and a way to get massive aoe from a medium range?   Keep in mind his closing range would have to be nerfed to shit, I've seen some incredible hops with that guy, and in all fairness he would jump straight to the top of the jungle. With the new jg item he would Fuck nidalees shit up. Rek'sai might have more sustained damage/pressure early-mid game, but zac could be massive long after rek'sai falls off damage-wise. I think a jump about as long as a hunted pounce, but maybe can't be interrupted? Vision games would be needed. As a forever bronzeman because I pick off-meta builds, he would faceroll for a minute, then the noobs realize trinket upgrade only 1/4 price of sightstone!
1	To be honest, the thing that really stop people enjoying champion is because they havent really understand the game and champions very well yet. I'm a girl and when I first start I find all champions suck and they are only op when the opponents play it.  I would advice you to start with Annie, tristana and garen. They are really easy to play as well as helping you with the lane and the roles. If you have some experience at lol, get her to play supportish role like sona and soraka not that girl only play support but rather the role is very good at helping learning the game. I spammed soraka and its pretty fun as well as help you to overview the game + stuff like builds, counter etc..   But yea mostly, the game is hard for people just started. She just need to know the champion basic ideas before get to pick her favorites. There are some cool vid help you if you just started. Lol is different to RPG, it is combined of mmorpg and rst like starcraft or aoe or red alert ( everyone should play it).   Soz about my rant.
0	I took Anthropology this past semester and there was some girl in class who would not shut up about the end of the world when the professor did his lecture on ancient civilizations. He literally stopped his lecture, mid-sentence, when she asked for about the fourth time what he thought of the Mayan's end of the world prediction. He didn't say a word. All he did was close out his power point presentation, got on youtube, and showed a scene from Apocalypto where slaves (I guess that is what they were, I've never watched the movie) were being sacrificed by having their hearts ripped out so that the sun would stay up. Then an eclipse happens and they all freakout having killed a bunch of people already and all the Mayan chiefs look as high as a kite. The clip ends and the professor looks at the girl, completely dead pan, says something along the lines of: "This is more or less how the Mayan people were. They weren't some super-race of intelligent beings who could predict the future." She just sat in silence while everyone else around her kept on whispering: "Yeah, and they didn't account for leap years either..." At this point he resumed his lecture and continued as if nothing happened.
1	Not at all Fnatic's Skill ceiling is already reached on most players except for Rekkles. Whereas for Alliance shook, tabzz, and nyph have a larger gap between their current form and their 'skill ceiling'. Alliance aren't performing at 90% of their potential lol they still have months/years to grow as a team and become better as individuals.
0	To be fair, I went into it with the idea that it was this RPG of sorts. There are little unique thing like being able to garden etc. but for the most part its practically a game that feels like its in the alpha phase.   If you had any interest in this game but just dont feel creative enough try terreria. I found that a lot more interesting then minecraft (and a lot easier on java....)
0	Before i went to college i was a medium beta. No serious relationship for various reasons and only had sex with two girls. I was always kinda awkward. I would have random bouts of depression and self confidence issues.  But as soon as i moved onto campus i up and decided to just up and turn my way of thinking around. Every woman who looked at me was checkin me out and everything i said was smooth as fuck. Eventually i started believing my bullshit and that false confidence turned into real confidence. Three or four girls later and i invite an old high-school friend up for a party. One thing led to another and here we are almost 6 months later and talking about marriage.
0	I would have no problem with making such a sacrifice for my significant other, but I'd hope that she'd respect my lack of belief. I respect her belief and let her go to church, she respects my lack of belief and I stay home.   Also, a lot atheists are also anti-theist/anti-Christian. Church could have been a bad time, thus pushing them away from religion. That's why you might see a lot of hostility for Christianity in /r/atheism and other places. Not saying trauma or anything, but a lot more hatred than you might think.   Also, referencing what you said in a further down comment. Not all churches are the same. I have been to a large number of black (baptist/methodist) churches in my city and they all have the same things in common.     Speakers on maximum settings, enough to vibrate the room.   2 - 3 hours long. (Not including extras.)   Large choir that sings several times, contributing to length and speakers.   Unfriendly to newcomers or "fake," i.e. talk about you behind your back. Although this one might vary from church to church. Not constant like the others.
1	Cool video, but I'm gonna offer some criticism as a viewer that I hope you don't take offensively.  All these clips are obviously of Rumble dominating, but only a handful really made me impressed or interested as a viewer.  Watching you out-dps Tryndamere based on what looked like an item advantage, flashing and killing Lucian because he had low hp and you had damage, and some of the low hp snipes, were about as interesting as Cait ulting a low hp target and getting a kill.  It's way more interesting to see a play that really shows off good mechanics like the Gnar 1v1, the Lee kill 2v1, and the teamfight.  It's really cool to see you succeed against players who understand and respect Rumble damage, which were not all of those clips (shaco).  And I'm not saying that as a good player, I'm saying it as a viewer who likes watching Diamond videos and being blown away by the skill difference.
1	When this bug happens, three things happen as a result.     First, there will be no death mark. Notice you don't see the blinking "heartbeat" effect, nor do you see a shuriken above Kassadin's head even though it clearly would've killed him.     Second, the ult shadow will be unusable. It won't copy abilities, you can't swap with it, but in return the shadow will never go away and will provide vision on that area for the rest of the game.     Third, you will be unable to move for a short time (watch and see how Zed doesn't move at all until he flashes to get out of it).       As for why he didn't die, even without the death mark pop, if Zed had placed his W near Kassadin before he threw the Q then they both would have landed and Zed would've gotten the kill. However, Zed was too low on energy before he started the fight to place the W at that time, but if his ult shadow had copied his abilities, he would've either gotten energy back from landing his E onto the same enemy twice or both the Qs would've landed.
0	My 4 year old neighbor could take her seatbelt off, her mom was basically fob from iraq and lived here for a couple years, she eventually got her liscence and began to drive, her daughter herself and her 20 year old neice were in the car while she went 60 on a sharp turn coming out of the highway when the car flipped 3 times and her daughter gotout of her seatbelt beforehand and she flew out the2 back and gashed her head open, my mom was on the phone when the with the translator when the nurse came in and told the mom that her that her daughter was dead.
0	I don't hate my parents, I just don't like them. They always tell me how much of a failure I am going to be since I can't live up to their impossibly high standards. They expect straight A's, while I am a B student. They make me feel useless and a burden to everyone and that is the root of my depression and suicidal thoughts and actions. I still have been unable to tell them about the time I tried to commit suicide because I am afraid of their reaction. I can't talk to them about anything. My dad and I frequently clash because I am atheist and he is constantly trying to convert me back to Christianity. My parents tell me to try to be friends with everyone when most of the people I know have mentally and physically bullied. They even think that i should be nice to the kid who said it was funny my dog died.
1	Honestly, playing in a happy mood completely changes the game. Last night I played a match with 4 buddies. We knew we were going to lose 5 minutes into the game and decided to just have fun with it. We joked around, tried to push 5 mid, etc. We lost, but at least we had fun.
0	Student in audio engineering and computer science here.  You're actually a bit wrong.  The easiest way to understand why modems make that noise is to compare it to an audio sync technique called Longitudinal Time Code (LTC).   LTC syncs analog tape machines together using an audio signal which is translated into SMPTE time code.  Don't worry about understanding that too much though.  The main point is that LTC used a square wave while the receiving end listens to that square wave and translates it into binary code.   You know what a square wave [looks like](  How they have shelves on the top and bottom.  LTC listens to that square wave and whenever it hears a specific pattern of the wave it equates that to a 1.  The other pattern would be a 0. It is actually that simple.  Once you have things in terms of 1s and 0s you can do almost anything with binary.   [This website]( explains LTC much more in depth.  I'm showing LTC instead of dial up because it is much more simple to understand, but the idea is still the same.   If you played a LTC as an actual audio track you would hear a very fast clicking sound and it would sound somewhat similar to dial up noise.
1	Akali can R three times, it gets another use on kill or assist. Diana's R goes on CD unless you hit them with Q first. Then it refreshes. Since Q does not refresh when R does you get 2 uses  max.   Her combo isn't gone, it's just dramatically different. Her ult isn't used to chase like Akali's is, it's now used for it's meager damage.
1	My mind is in complete behaviorist approach since I was writing a paper on it. Progress is not very well define in this system anyways so it made no sense to mention it. Showing progress implies that you have a way to measure it, but without knowing mmr, it's not very clear. So I think most people see progress in results.  To get back to my analogy, I used that since I wanted to compare effectiveness of the reward. I'm just saying that if the reinforcer is not certain, it's not gonna be very good at its job (motivating people). It's like studying. If you are guarantee to get good grades on exams by studying which will certainly give you good grade in the class, you will more likely to study than if getting good grades on the exams won't guarantee your grade (if your grade is 95% off other things).
1	Imo, it's just the bundled nature that's awkward. Spending 200 RP on a single Chroma  feels  like not much, it is not even a 520 skin at sale. Having to spend 590RP on three chromas on the other hand  feels  like a huge waste considering you probably won't ever use 2/3 of those Chromas. Especially considering you could buy a 975 skin on sale instead.   Chromas for skins should be purchasable with IP or a severely lowered RP price though. Having to spend money two times sucks a tiny bit and already upsets redditors.
1	NA who has arguably more ADC talent than EU   Is this common knowledge or something? Though NA has Doublelift and WildTurtle I feel they are on the same level as Rekkles, Puszu or Candypanda, and maybe I'm wrong but I don't think Zuna or Sneaky are on a comparable level to Yellowpete or Genja. And there's also Cop who needs to improve a lot to be considered good.   So,
1	I agree with you in most of what you said. The problem I see is that football players now that they will get "banned" for doing shit and behaving like douches.   We dont know if IWDominate knew that he can get banned from professional gaming. He knew that his account may get permabanned but that is his personal problem.   Imho its right to ban players from professional games if they act like IWDominate did but you should get a warning like: "Hey IWDominate change your behaviour or we will ban you from the professional scene".
1	Yeah, because your ping to google.com totally relates with your ping to League of Legends.   Honestly, good try for giving advice, but if you don't know what you're talking about, best not be talking at all. The league servers are not related to google, like, at all, and the servers are in totally different locations. Sure, you might be able to get a good connection to Google yet a really bad connection to the league servers (vice versa is rarely happening so I'll deem that impossible).   Anywho, back on the subject, the league client does show ping, both ingame and in the loading screen. And yes, ping is vital to determining how well you'll perform ingame, so it should be visible at all times.   It's not a new standard, it's not an old standard, it's just a vital piece of information. Without knowing what your ping range is, you can't determine if it's your FPS (well, visually you can, but it still could be your computer), your internet connection, or your own playstyle that decides wether you play well or not. A difference of 100 ping for EUW players means the world, since they're so used to having low ping it really screws them up CS wise when they suddenly have to deal with new circumstances.   So..
1	As a counter? anything is viable if it's the right counter. If you're asking about blind picking, I would say no. Top laners are people who can sustain in lane. You will lose EXP having to go B, and you will use too much gold on pots. Ryze only has his ultimate to spell vamp from, and it's usually used to push to tower, and roam. You won't be roaming as a top lane, and you won't be getting jungle creeps at top either.
0	Am i the only one who knows tht communism was thought of during the industrial revolution and only works in countries BEFORE the industrial revolution. (Marx idea was that the rich would grow richer and the poor poorer; however he forgot the middle class, which was new during the industrial revolution.)
1	I think itemization for tank junglers right now is in a good spot. As a jungler, I can never buy every item I want. My builds after I finish core items for specific champs are ALWAYS different and based around the game I am in. I have to make tough calls like give up HP for the utility and armor of a frozen heart, or take a safer route and go warmog's or randuins so I don't get bursted quickly. Basically, I always have to sacrifice  something  which makes tanks strong. For example, against a balanced/bursty team comp, I might have to sacrifice utility for pure HP/Armor/MR stats, or sacrifice armor against a fed mage. While of course some builds are obvious, such as the Randuins + Thornmai + FR combo against a strong ADC or a full AD team comp, you have to remember,  building this way is a weakness in the enemy team which I am countering . I can't take this auto-attack hating build into a game against a strong AP mid and a caster ADC and expect to do well. While I do agree that there should be more/stronger lifesteal options, I want to make sure that the jungle meta doesn't get punted back to the age where J4, Vi, Rek'sai and Nidalee were the only strong picks.
0	You misunderstand the point of my post, I think.  The one I am tailgating is the one who wants  me  to "respect his authoritah!"   In the given scenario, the left lane is clear, and I am going the speed you are meant to in the passing lane.   The right lane is active.   I pass 3 cars, and then one of them decides to switch to the passing lane.   They do not pass, however.   No, they slow down.   To 65 or below.   So now there's only me and him in the passing lane, and he is intentionally blocking me for no reason.   These are the people I tailgate.   I do it out of spite, it accomplishes nothing, but it makes me feel better.   This is pretty much the same as what you're doing when you slow down  because  someone is riding your ass.  At least, I think I saw you post that.   (
0	How every good, long text post should start '
1	I feel like people are missing the point of ARAM. You get a bunch of melee tanks vs a poke team, build orbs of winter wait til level 6 and and all in them. Try stupid crazy strategies. Sometimes the chips are stacked against you and you find ways to win and have fun. You are supposed to get champs you don't play often or well. It is a good tool to learn champs you don't know. You are supposed to get bad, stupid or funny comps. It is Random!   Don't play ARAM cause you want to dunk on noobs FTW! (Although those opportunities are available.) Somebody else gets your favorite champ for the first time and won't trade? Give them a tip or two (just don't be a dick about it.) Play because it's fun and casual. If you are super competitive like me you will still try to win against all odds. Even if you fail miserably you can smile about it because it's ARAM!   I totally have a sweet suggestion for ARAM guys. Lets set it up so I narrow my champs down to a pool of five that I really want to randomly be assigned. I get 5 re-rerolls in case I don't like who I get. This will totally balance ARAM!
1	He is one of the best, but I would argue not straight up THE BEST, situationally (good teamfight initation in jungle when the enemy is stacked in a line) but when his ult is down his late game isn't great, as his DPS is lower then trist + vayne + kog (although he also relies on an ability, his W, to be a hypercarry) and he has mediocre range with no escapes.
1	I feel that there are "girl gamers" and women who play games. A "girl gamer" is a a woman who plays multiplayer games like (but not limited to) CoD and Battlefield. They do it for some attention because they have a wierd complex set apon them by the "pressure" of modern life. Women who play play video games an just like the majority of guys who play and they only play for the enjoyment of the game, they also seem to stray away from the AAA titles like CoD and play more strategic games or MMOs
1	It would be a civil case under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA). Prior to 2008 you needed to prove it caused over 5k in damages, now you would just have to prove damages but loss of potential gain is a hard case to make. That said you could probably get something but it would likely not be worth the time and effort.
0	I'm currently in a situation where I had a best friend / fuck buddy relationship for two years. It wasn't like we only had sex. We spent all the time together, including also every single night. After almost two years I grew the balls to finally say either we are dating or this has to end. Well long story short it has ended.  I'm miserable and feel depressed.  She won't talk to me anymore and I feel lost. Just saying yes that's the right thing to do but it sucks tremendously I it goes wrong.
1	I've experienced all levels of elo ranges as I learned the game...  1200 or less are people who barely know how to play.. they usually consider themselves better than the rest of their bracket even though they are not(elo hell) 1200-1400 are those who have some concept of the game but have not fully mastered the correct build orders, are average or terrible in lane in terms of exchanges with other champions and minion kills, but can play the game at basic levels. There are alot of players in this bracket who feed, not on purpose but because they don't know what they are doing. These players can single handedly turn games into losses. 1400-1600 are those who are competant with their minion kill numbers, are a little more mechanically skilled than the lower bracket, but lack either general knowledge or mechanical skills than the next bracket. This bracket is filled with people who can single handedly lose a game for their team by either making a very crucial mistake near the games determining point(ex: getting caught 40 minutes into a game), or throughout the game(feeding, etc) 1600-1800 are people who know more advanced things about the game such as : mid laner ganking the side lanes often to put the game in their favor,consistently having their lane warded, proper use of summoner spells, going to baron after 1 or 2 enemy kills at the right moment, knowing their role in teamfights somewhat, knowing how to play their champion effectively in lane in general and against different champion matchups, and they can last hit minions fairly well. This bracket mainly lacks the sense of being baited by the enemy, know when to be engaging in teamfights, average mechanical skills 1800-2000 are those who can fine tune their champions with optimal item build orders, rune/masteries.. they also have very good map awareness, exceptional minion kill numbers, can deviate from standard play such as doing an early dragon after acquiring a double kill on bottom lane. They are good to exceptional in laning and you will notice that feeders going 0-8 within 15 minutes are out of the question. 2000+ are those who clearly outperform <2000 elo players. They know the very advanced things such as applying baron pressure when their bot lane has 15+ minions pushing in their favor. Freezing their creep wave to make the enemy laner lose minion kills. Pushing out their lane very hard before recalling to shop. This bracket can make plays which will turn the game in their favor and the advantage they gain will not be easily lost(ex: a 3-0 game can be considered over simply because players at this elo can snowball an advantage this small)
1	Wow, there are a lot of people, with a lot of upvotes, bitching and moaning about wanting corki buffs.  Corki isn't even out of the rotation for a cycle of power, get over it.  You want to talk about buffs, lets talk about heimerdinger, karma etc al.  Corki hasn't been a top tier pick in what, two or three months?  Eve was garbage teir for how long?  She was so bad, for so long, that she became the default placeholder pick.
1	Disclaimer : I am NOT a CLG fanboy.   Firstly I agree there is alot of decent discussion here, however when you read alot of the comments its still more circle jerking BS. Alot of you people need to wake up, properly analyse the games this week and realize its not the same.   vs Dig:  This game was over before 10minutes but to break down exactly what happened. Hotshot was outpicked. CLG relies on Hotshot being on an island with no jungle help so when he's outpicked he has less of an impact. Rumble just placed alot of pressure onto him between level 3 and 5.   The 3 v 4 down bot. This was felt like a huge over confidence, (its 3v4 theres no way we can lose - type thinking). This was actually an excellent call by CLG but executed so terribly it was disgusting. Link had just pushed scarra to the turret and was free to roam (scarra would never have caught up without losing a wave or 2).   Now as the fight began, Doublelift was very low and that in itself should have been the initiation using himself as a bait to draw them in. Instead Aphro exhausted PATOY which meant that doublelift was forced away without even anything as qtpie had full damage. The 2nd thing that exhaust did was that it telegraphed, gank gank gank (and scarra would have communicated that link was missing) so instead of going in, they retreated. The whole retreat you can see that qtpie and crumbz was not touched and was doing damage while kiting in a 3v3 simply because doublelift is not capable of going in.  Result? volibear+caitlyn does alot of damage and CLG didnt want to burn flash.   Meanwhile, it happened so early that hotshot did not have his ult yet hence teleporting wouldve been more or less a waste. Scarra picks up alot of farm mid. Snowball rolled up.   Now bot lane, Ez+ lulu is a relative soft counter to Elise + caitlyn. But its highly skill dependent. If Elise does not land her stun, they will be poked down (as you saw in the first 4 minutes). But Patoy lands that 1 stun after the whole debacle and the lane was 100% lost now. Down 2 turrets and a dragon, behind 6k gold at 9minutes the game is essentially over. No well practised team will let that kind of snowball go.   Issue: Just overzealousness, and 1 miss executed play   vs TSM:  When you look at this match, the first thing that stands out is... oh my god CLG are not playing CLG standard. they have 3 threats , an aggressive support and a big initiator in the jungle. On paper this is quite different and a huge lategame team.   But the first problem was, they outpicked themselves. Instead of going can we run our secret strategy, they went fk it baylife we're picking it even though we're shitting on our own lanes. locking in ori + karthus meant both ori and karthus would be heavily under pressure and when you pick a 3 threat team and only 1 person could potentially farm well, thats bad already.   First off bot lane: that was just sloppy and bad.  Aphromoo knows VERY well how ridiculous draven is at level 2. Sure Leona can lock you up but so can thresh. Draven vs Ez for damage at level 2? its not even a contest. That was a huge mistake on their part getting caught by the death sentance from thresh. Double kill, lane lost. (luckily with ganks from Chauster they did salvage the lane but only to equalize, not get ahead).   Top: First of all, I dont understand why Hotshot tried to take blue himself when they knew TSM warded it. That was totally nonsensical and screamed, we havent practised this alot and dont know how to deal with this situation. That meant his lane was going to be against him (and vs a rumble, once its pushed it'll be permanently pushed).   The 2nd thing is that for some reason he thought he could stay on the tower at level 1 and survive. They knew zed and xin were up there, so it felt like an error of judgement forgetting that just because its 1v1, does not mean you cant get 3 man turret dived. I am almost certain they practised this with a 1v2, 2v1 lane and HS would play it alot safer.   Rinse repeat top and bottom, Snowball rolls, nothing more to really say about this game.   Issue: Blindly picking what felt like their secret strategy and not practising it enough to make it work   vs Vulcan   Now this game is the real interesting one and the one that screamed, we have not practised this new strat enough. All credits to Vulcan for hanging on so long, but honestly CLG threw with terrible decisions and itemisation.   The comp worked as it was meant to, heavy agression, lots of coordinated ganks, and early-mid game we saw what the game wouldve looked like if TSM did not play that aggressively.   But here are the glaring issues: HSGG had TERRIBLE items for karthus. That alone probably cost them the game midgame when he did so little damage for being how fed he was. Rylais? RoA is better for health and ap. The slow? you dont need the slow when you have a wall, j4 , sona to initiate. Liandry? they had no HP. All magic resist and no giants belt until about 40minutes in. He also did not pick up a Void staff for a very long time. Get Dcap/void staff before liandry and zhonyas the game would have been over before 30minutes. In a sense, he was playing karthus like another semi tank/slow instead of doing what he shouldve given the game situation.   Doublelift also questionably went for QSS over banshee. The only real thing that he could QSS was death sentance, which banshee would block. Banshee would also mean he could fight mancloud 1v1 and EAT A SPEAR.   Link: Played decently given how the team played.  Aphro: some brilliant crescendos, ate a few too many spears at times but overall very good sona play.  Chauster: Here was the problem, He was a fed j4. Why was there no initiate. Even if they were chunked by a spear or 2, just the balls deep dive would have won them the game so many times. Instead of him jumping in at every chance, they only initiated when aphro landed some brilliant flash crescendo.  We saw how heavily link ripped vulcan apart when he can go in properly. yet CLG did not attempt this for a very long time. The only logical explanation is that they weren't confident about it. And that comes with an under prepared strategy. It was like they said before about the korean meta, "we can push down all 3 outer turrets, then what?" that was what the game felt like.   Of course they heavily messed up at the baron fight that turned the game. Instead of backing, buying an oracle and winning the fight  or baron properly, they tried to be cheeky when they knew it was littered with wards.   Issue: strat worked, severely under-prepared and felt lost
1	IMO, there a large way between the fiction and the reality.   i mean, dude did u noticed today about this?   this is a problem that we carried since the game starts, with more or less huge of toxic ppl, if you do the same the same gona feedback to you allways.   you must change the mentality about it, i mean the community is toxic? ok, but in all cases you dont play this game for the community isn't you? you play this game to get funny.   it's what a game is designed for...   if people flame, there is a button to mute.   if people trolls.... shit happens, grow up and go again.   if people dont listen you, then you must improve your carring mechanics to bus your team to the win.   i saw bronzies carring guys with 0/15 score(no smurfing!), nothing it's imposible until u think it is.   and ofc the game gona dc people, gona contains lags or inestability, but u cant do nothing with this all the people fight against this every day ^^^
0	Really? You're gonna tell me to "man up?" ok I'll just get a man and prop him up on my shoulders or maybe I'll just grow a man on my head.   What the hell is wrong with you? Do you walk around on eggshells just to please everyone?   And yes. She WAS asking for it. You think if she didn't want to be stared at she wouldn't have worn something else?   YOUR entire train of thought validates the asshat notion that these women are just weak little does who can do no wrong.   I mean give the girl some credit. She DOES have a brain you know. She chose those clothes. This is all on her.
0	I did this so much (especially when I started playing open-world RPGs) that now I just tell everyone I'm a "collector". I actually tend to sell most weapons and armor I don't think I'll use but I tend to collect useless shit for no reason. For example, in Oblivion I collect all the crumpled pieces of paper I find and place them in a basket. Everyone once and a while I come across a brick on the ground that I can pick up... I save those too and play with them like Legos when I'm really bored.
0	A little late to the party, but I've got a similar story.   I used to DJ karaoke shows around the city, and one night I came across a chit with three girls names on it for singers (girls always have to sing in groups...?) and for the life of me I can't remember the name of the song.  Two of the girls make their way to the front from the very back of the bar while I'm on the mic filling the dead air with useless stuff... " Awesome job , so-and-so, that was I Touch Myself by the Divinyls... I'm still taking submissions for singers, so if you're feeling up to it, grab yourself a book, a pencil and a name-sheet, put your name on it with the number of the song you'd like to sing, bring it up to me and I'll stick it in the rotation..."   Even after all of that, the third girl in the group is slowly making her drunk-ass way to the front, leaning on random strangers tables along the way while joking around with them... so I start to poke fun at her to fill the void.  "Well, we've got two of 'em up here now, whenever drunk Shelly makes her way to the front we'll hear them sing some Strawberry Wine..."  Her friends try to tell me something, but I'm simultaneously dealing with someone who's bringing in a song submission, so I don't really pay attention.  After that's done, I say it again, "Hey Shelly (I have no idea what her real name is anymore), aim your way over to the fuzzy looking dartboards on the wall, you've got a couple friends waiting for ya...  I'm still looking for more singers... blah blah..."  I hear her friends when they talk to me this time:   "Oh hey, Shelly has M.S."   Oh.  Fuck.   Shelly makes her way to the front and the girls stumble through Strawberry Wine, or whatever it was.  After the song is over and the next guy comes up to sing (I think he was singing Mr. Roboto) I go over to the girls to apologise for what I said.  Thank god they were cool with it.  I always always joke and jab people over the mic to fill the dead air, and they knew that, so I guess in some weird way the told me it made Shelly feel just like anybody else at the show.   So I guess that worked out.  Could've ended much worse, though.
1	Let's say, Vi jungle is OP. Her Kit is way too strong.   Her ganks are already strong pre 6, after that the slightest misstep in lane and you get dunked. Also, Vi can 1v1 a solo lane with Spirit of the Lizard Elder and normal jungle farm. And not just 1v1 but dominate, the damage output is insane.
1	I played ranked right after I got 30 In season 2.  I stayed in bronze for about two months or so until I got to around 1300 Elo by the end of the season.  I stopped ranked for a while and only played normals for like 200 games. My win rate was about 76 percent or so and eventually I played with plats and diamond pretty frequently, but at the time I didn't know that I was.  Anyway, my win rate with these players a enraged to about 50-55 percent.  I returned to ranked about 3-4 months in S3 and climbed from bronze four to diamond 5.
0	Definitely had a girlfriend several years back with the train of thought that "the man should pay for everything" kind of deal. After I pointed out that she had yet to take ME on a date, even on my own damn birthday, she pulled the "You're the man. The man pays for everything" schtick.   After I pointed out on several that times are changing and that a lot of people are getting out of that kind of mind set when it comes to relationships, she bluntly said that if I wasn't willing to be THE provider in the relationship that I should leave. So I did. And that was the end of that, thankfully.
1	It depends on the situation and champion.  Against champs with sustain it is potentially useful to ignite early during a fight after they have hard engaged in lane.  If you halve their sustain early they are likely to run allowing you to get free hits in while they retreat.  If you succeed in bursting them down to a low level they will be afraid to approach the creep line allowing you to force them to lose CS or risk getting punished.  This gives you reign of the minions to last hit and use as lifesteal sinks to recouperate from the engagement, thus widening the gap between you.   The other side of the coin is when you are going in for the kill and you know they have flash.  If you ignite too early they will flash out and survive, if you ignite late you can catch them in that critical area where they flash out and feel safe only to hear the "fwoosh" of ignite, dooming them.
1	If you're on NA you can add me and I'll play with you.  PM me if you're interested.  Honestly, when you're first starting out without runes or masteries the characters feel a lot weaker than when you're at level 30. I had a REALLY rough time in the beginning.  I lost so often that even now, a year later, my W-L ratio is only just now recovering.  I definitely win far more games nowadays than when I first started though.  It's going to be tough to win in the early levels because of smurfs.  My advice would be to learn how to play against champs.  The more champs you know how to play against the easier it will get.  Each champ has a counter mechanic or an inherent weakness which can be exploited.  You just have to be able to figure out when the time to strike is.  For example, playing against a lane with a Leona in it (I use this example because I play bot lane most often).  Leona is annoying as fuuuuuuuuuuu. However, if you bait the Zenith Blade (or she just uses it) and she misses, then you can trade for the next couple seconds without worrying about that particular method of CC.  It's a tremendous advantage to learn the characters' kit and know what they are capable of (both their abilities and the cooldown lengths).  That way when you lane against them, you know when you can most safely strike.
1	Tell me the difference between a good morg and a great morg.   Nice argument. Tell me the difference between a good TF and a great TF? Is he easy to play then?   >Q is easy enough to land   Orly? Then what skillshots are hard to land?   Morg is about as "easy" as half the AP roster. Galio takes even less skill than Morg and no one says he's easy. Ryze, Xerath, Swain, Vlad, Kennen, etc.. all easier than Morg, yet not nearly half as many people call them easy.   Actually there are plenty of APs who are not hard (mechanically) at all and people say they're hard to play, good examples being Ori and Karthus. They don't even roam with them, while Morg is kinda reliant on roaming.   >Then have half a brain and make sure your team can follow up.   Just because a champ has a low skillcap  mechanically , doesn't mean he has a  low overall skillcap. Morg takes positioning (Flash has 400 range fyi), teamwork, map awareness and decision making skills.   TF is a pretty good example: he's damn easy to play mechanically but his skillcap is pretty damn high, which becomes kinda obvious when you see Misaya playing him. Why? Because he benefits a lot from good overall game skills, like map awareness, roaming, positioning, decision making ,etc.. Sounds kinda like Morg doesn't it?
0	Also I hate how people keep blaming it on genetics. Nothing is just genetics, its not like you can just sit back and say if I eat a sandwhich a week I'll still weigh 300 pounds. That doesn't happen, sure some people have it harder because of genetics, some people have it harder because of being bullied. In reality everyone has it equally hard, some just feel more pity for themselves than others. OK I am speaking of hard as a concept of facing trouble in your life. As the term life is half sweet half sour. It may be true that if you compare people some seem to have it easier. Some do, some fought their way there, but is it really okay to tell people to just go and sit on their asses and feel like its ok because its not their fault? I mean its not like they can't do anything, everyone can, if your doctor tells you to not lose weight cause you would die otherwise. I would first, ask to check that with 10 others... but if it proves true, cool I can understand that. Otherwise its not like the rest of us aren't fighting everyday, go get em I say. Although if people could just be open and more true to what they think... I think we would honestly approximate a world that could give proper comments. Of course it would take time, of course it wouldn't be easy, its never easy to live a dream. But a little makes the world just that much better, it may not count much, but in my opinion it counts more than enough.
1	Irelia. I sucked at this game as we all did until I played irelia. This was before her nerfs and such but I stopped playing her cause I got bored. Couple months pass and I came back to her, and did terrible. I was devastated and tried a couple different builds until I found one I liked and she's back to being my number one champ, with 85% win ratio in ranked.
1	This post will be removed in no time but I'll have to say what I got to say. Firstly, thanks you /u/3-22018t1c [1] and /u/GnarsiesBRINGER OF JUSTICE [2] for having the guts to finally prove what is really happening. Please read this. I am the one that made the Level 1 & 3 Solo Dragons with EVERY champions videos and I exactly know how Youtube works. I won't start with the current case of controversy, but with another case instead, that was at the top of /r/leagueoflegends[3] frontpage. I'm talking about this LoL Epic channel and their account /u/forevabronze1 [4] . Nobody ever saw that this account always had his links at the top of the subreddit, never posted any comments or anything. How is that possible? They use proxy votes and manipulation to easily get to frontpage without any problem. Then, LoL Epic used the tons of views that reddit frontpage gives to get money. Then came the day when /u/forevabronze1 [5] got banned and LoL Epic stopped manipulating the community. This was not a problem, but is still a circle jerk manipulation. After reading vvvortic post[6] and watching Gnarsies videos [7] I got at the same time happy and shocked because finally someone understands, and because it went too far. How is that even possible?? I boycotted these guys for being money whores, but now I heard they were doing more than that. Just. I don't understand why these LoL Youtubers were trusted for a so long time. I always knew they were doing vids ONLY for money. Why do you think Kshaway uploaded a lot lately? April high incomes. Why do you think they all promote WTFast? Who gives a shit about this scam anyways, they're getting money from naive guys. Their content hasn't even evolved since their success started. Don't forget these kiandymundi and Brofesco shit commenting everywhere to get subs. And now, got enough power in Youtube to take down a video? Where is this going. A short resume of the situation. I don't know how you can make fun of your audience that way. Why others ytbers are trying their best to entertain their audience without fake sponsors when you are doing a group to mock your fans and share ways to get money? You're just insulting everybody and thinking you're good persons when you're not. WTFast case resume: There's nothing inherently wrong with doing something when the only intention is to make money. It's when you get to the part where you don't care about your fans and promote things that are obviously scams that you start being a douchebag. I never had anything against sponsors as long as you know what you're doing and approved it, to share what you like with your audience. But when you're promoting a random affiliate scam without testing or approving it, just for hundreds of bucks over the naivety of your fans, then you start to be a money whore who is just shitting on his audience and running with the money, anyways who gives a shit, you live from this flock of sheep anyways. So, even thought you still have enough audience, the Gnarsies and vvvortic exposures will give you a lot of boycott. This was a fast analysis of this current situation, clunky but I think you understand this. EDIT Calbel response to vvvortic post: Calbel is unaware of the tensions between Vvvortic and Uber Danger and Kiandy. So far we only have speculation on Uber due to some comment he made about Vvvortic in various videos, and Vvvortic cry out to Kiandy to unblock him. Calbel states Vvvortic left the group and blocked everyone. Calbel states he is unsure if a group of content creators group banned him, but he does confirm some youtubers find Vvvortic's comment annoying. (and I find these people lack of humor) Calbel states WTFast works but only for minority, therefore it is not a scam, but he is aware why many people are calling it, consider it false advertising (since it only work for minority) Calbel states upvote manipulation is necessary these days because everyone does it, which is pretty true...
1	You have to consider, though, that Doublelift doesn't do anything for his team in the first 25 minutes of the game. He keeps up in CS, and he's always really good lategame, but Chaox habitually  wrecks  his lane when playing Graves or makes really strong Ashe plays all game long. Doublelift just farms for lategame teamfights, but Chaox will often just set his team so far ahead with midgame roaming and pressure that Doublelift's lategame role barely matters.
1	I hate the people who play this game."   Then leave this sub-reddit?   Edit: Hate is a deep and emotional extreme dislike, directed against a certain object or class of objects. Class of objects as in "LoL Community", and we are part of it. Why would he want to communicate with people he wishes to destroy? Seriously, if you don't know about the meaning of "hate", don't use it, especially if you don't even know the objects you dislike. I'd like to bring a certain standard to the internet and keep the term "hate" for sarcasm, where it belongs.   And to state my opinion on the topic: If you don't know your lane-mate, play safe. Farming gives you gold the safest way possible, and relying on someone you never played with before to get a possible advantage that can backfire horribly, then leave it and just farm. If you seem to be able to kill one of them, more often than not their jungler appears and your commitment is in vain. If you farm at the enemy turret, you are vulnerable and vice versa. I don't know how good you are, but the advise to value a possible advantage over safe farm in solo queue is highly irritating.
1	Never piss off Volibear : so playing a blind pick against another Volibear and dominated top, my team then proceeded to tell me not to carry, so while we did baron a wild Fiddlesticks appeared, suddenly an ult went down so I turn the fuck right around right as we get baron and fling that fiddlesticks into my team, my passive proves and I successfully walk away securing their Fiddle a quadra.
0	True, but again, I don't think you should give them the actual money in that case. In my experience, actual money (paper & coins) are far too easy to reluctantly spend on something unimportant. You should ask them if they would like to save up the money and then if the answer is yes, not give it to them unless they specify exactly why and come with a nice reason. Also, you oughta still do the "But you want that console more, don't you?". Treating them like that will learn about the real reasoning behind prioritizing money, as they will start comparing what they want and what they really want and perhaps become a little more reflective.
1	There are plenty of AP tops. Sadly as a mid laner he isn't very good anymore. He doesn't have the ranged wave clear to compete with Ziggs, Orianna, Zerath, Syndra etc.   As a top however he still does the same thing as before, which is bully lane super freaking hard. But against the new kings of top Gragas and Lulu he has a much harder time bullying. Because they do more damage, and either have sustain or shields to deal with Kennen's harass.   He needs honestly more damage to be a mid laner, or more wave ranged wave clear to make a good utility mid. As a top laner I think he needs to scale better somehow. His early lane is great, his lvl 6-16 teamfight is great because of his ult. But late game the short stun isn't very good, his dmg falls of hard, and he is squishy (Also by late game the other team has finally remembered how Kennen works and doesn't stand in the ult.
1	farm farm farm  in lane just use Q to farm(reset auto attack) and sometimes poke when the enemy is getting too close.  get an early vamp scepter.  sustain their poke, always farm never die huehuehue   only fight for objectives.  sometimes when you make sure you are not gonna come coutnerjungle as 5 they just dont do it at all and stop getting killed like retards.
1	To answer the item question I think that all of those items are viable but each one has its own specialty.     BOTRK I feel would be a very good item if you get far ahead in lane as it allows you to duel with your lane opponent very well with all the stats it gives you plus the active.   Bloodthirster would be a good item if you get a little ahead but you are no longer just dueling your lane opponent. Bloodthirster gives you the highest AD for any single item in the game when fully stacked and the lifesteal would help you a tonne in teamfights. The main reason for getting BT over BOTRK would be if the opposing ADC has no real escapes of kiting potential e.g. Kog Maw or maybe Varus.   Static shiv along with ravenous hydra are the two best splitpushing items that Trynd can buy. So if you are planning on AFK splitpushing all game then I would recommend one or both of these items.   Infinity Edge in my opinion is one of trynd's core items with its crit chance and damage increase. Rushing and IE might not be the best route to go with as it gives you no sustain during teamfights without giving up a large portion of damage for your heal. Some examples where rushing and IE would be if you are so far ahead that you just crush anyone before they can do damage or if you have lifesteal from some other source, such as lifesteal quints.
0	I posted this earlier in this thread as a reply, I figured I would put it up here as I'd like to see if anyone agrees.   The child was black, I think the point is that people are focusing top much on only the racial (as evident and pronounced they are) as opposed to the even larger and just as worrisome  problem that police have a history of brutality and being let off Scott free.   Over 5000 deaths have been inflicted on Americans since 2001 by the hands of officers (more than American deaths in Iraq some news report) and just over 80 something cops have died on duty. The number includes traffic related deaths.   The racial discrimination of these brutal events should be noted, but what should piss people off the most is the police (not all, but who cares? If I go around killing people and I am part of an organization that covers it up or let's me go for no reason other than I am part of an organization the whole place should be investigated) are fucked up.   The post could also read:" a full grown black man goes violently robbing a place assaults (allegedly, as unlikely as it may or may not be) an officer and dies || a 7 year old black girl sleeping is killed by a cop, no one bats an eye "   It's not  just  about race, it's about militarization of an agency that is supposed to protect us and instead cripples innocent people financially and in way to many cases kills them in the process.   America has about 10k deaths a year from gun violence and about 5% of them are from cops killing people.   On top of that the legislators look at handgun violence and combine police and civilian actions. Police add a huge chunk of that violence and they want to criminalize handguns for any civilian.
0	I'm late to the game, but I can relate all too well to this SAP.   Spring break a couple years back there was this girl I was kinda into. She's 5 years older than me but we were about the same place in our engineering degrees (she was on a second degree, deciding that poly sci wasn't going to help pay the bills). We had hung out a few times with friends, played racquetball at the gym a couple times, and played hours upon hours of WoW together, but I didn't think she was into me. I was pretty intimidated because a couple other friends had gone after her in the past only to be friend-zoned, and they were pretty upset about it. She hadn't dated anyone at our school her first 3 years there (always someone out of town).   But back to spring break, we went on a short out of town day trip with some friends and decided to hang out more that night when we got back to town (looking back, this had to be a good sign). We watched TV for a few hours and chatted, but I didn't want to leave. I knew I should, since one does not simply hang out with a girl past 2am and  not  do something, but my tiny balls couldn't muster the courage to make a move. Around 3-4 in the morning she starts talking about how she's tired and I could stay the night if I wanted. I said her couch was kinda small for me, so she invited me into her bed for the night. Slowly throughout that sleepless night I realized what had happened. We were both completely into each other but too pansy to do anything about it. She was more like me than I had first thought. I stayed over again the second night and after some fooling around she says something to the effect of "I like you and don't want to rush things," but I asked her what the difference was if we did things that night or a week later, since it was obvious it was going to happen eventually (and I hadn't had sex in 3 months).   Over 2 years later we now live together, and someday I might just marry that girl. If I grow a pair before she does.
0	This is my life.   It's been 4 years and I'm still boarding in a house where the light switches are on the other side of the room. The side covered in darkness and with openings to hallways with doors. Doors that are closed because no one lives in them. I can't afford to move.   This wouldn't be so bad, if the rooms that are like this weren't the kitchen and common room (which I have to go through to get to the bathroom and kitchen). Night lights don't help.   It also would be wonderful if the doors were ALWAYS closed instead of slightly ajar every once and a while.   To make it even better, the house is located on a street corner.   The same one that is: diagonal from a building that's rumoured to be haunted by nuns (was a convent but was converted into a second college building), across from a cemetery, diagonal from an old gothic church where  a priest was murdered  of my widowed land lady.   Icing on the cake: my closet has opened itself. Normal, could have been a draft; if it hadn't been barricaded by a full laundry bag and boxes of unused computer equipment. It opened while I sat at my computer on the opposite side of the room. I have no room mates. help! D:
0	2intellectual4me 2smug4me etc   >The genre that existed before modern trap rap and EDM trap, popular at the turn of the millennium, is the same genre that we are discussing.   No, it's not. You haven't said one thing about it so far, actually. My argument agains the co-dependent influence is that it's not co-dependent. There's a small influence that's been hugely overstated by you and a large influence that's been almost completely ignored by you.   Taking out all the insults and backpedaling in that response, your point essentially boils down to: there are some things that were used in a specific edm scene that are also in modern trap as well as edm trap. Congratulations!   Like I said, you sound like as if you read one article and your entire knowledge of the genre is based on that. 808 snares? Jesus, let's forget the long history of the 808's use in southern hip hop (and hip hop in general) prior to chicago tech music, or the use of reverb (a similar story), or any of the other non-points you made. Let's completely ignore any other local styles of music that you're not familiar with and call them "crunk" because that's the only term you know. Let's use phrases like "prelude" "equal temperament tuning" and "co-dependence" to sound smart, hoping you don't know what I'm talking about.   Continue to claim that I'm a snotty teen and you're a big music writer/musician/dj/scholar/all of these things without any evidence besides bringing up the same buzzwords that make you sound like you know what you're talking about (you don't) and namedropping ghetto tech and dj rashad to make it sound like you're an expert (you're not).   To answer your smug rhetoricals, the importance of Wagner to Opera is hard to overstate and I don't really know what you want to know about my opinion about equal temperament, I'm familiar with the concept but don't know much about it.  I GUESS THAT MEANS I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT TRAP MUSIC, OH GREAT MUSICOLOGIST GENIUS .   Basically, you've confirmed that you're a liar who doesn't know dick about southern hip hop music and uses petty insults to make yourself feel better.   You don't have to bother responding anymore, you've pretty much proven that you're completely ignorant about this kind of music.
1	I've posted this before. Elise has been the #1 jungler for way longer, and even now she is consistently a higher pick/ban priority in both the LCS and OGN. You can't complain about Lee Sin and not do the same with Elise. Furthermore, Elise has a higher win rate in both Challenger and Diamond. Then in every lower league, their win rates are within a 1% differential.   Now I'll counter your arguments, since I'm a Lee Sin main.   > His base MS is ridiculous. It lets him be goddamn everywhere. It needs to be brought down, even if only a little.   Elise has 345 MS in spider form. Lee Sin has 350.   > I don't think the Q>R>Q combo to delete someone from 1/3+ hp shouldn't exist unless your building straight AD. Base damage on R at levels 6/11 should be brought down, IMO.   Aren't you being a bit biased? If you rewind a couple of months before the damage nerfs on Elise's Q, you'll remember the times when lvl 5 Elise could kill a 1/3+ hp target with Venemous Bite + auto or Neurotoxin (back then most players used MPEN reds). Also, Elise was the only jungler in the game that could build tanky and still do a lot of damage. Don't you remember the Ancient Golem > Sorc boots > Haunting Guise > 10 billion HP tanky items? " delete someone from 1/3+ hp shouldn't exist unless your building straight AD " You're not playing a fair game here ...   > If his early game is touched much more, his late game utility should be buffed in compensation, with some slightly higher AD ratios to give people the option to go for a higher damage build (since he wont snowball as hard)   His AD ratios are already good. Number changes won't help him scale any harder. Ever wonder why all good junglers build Lee Sin as a bruiser/tank? Because it's what helps him to stay relevant in the late game. For proof, watch any LCS/OGN game.   > I think Lifesteal should be brought down or replaced and the shield on himself and allies raised up, especially late game. I like the utility identity of lee sin, I hate how he can 1v1 any lane he choses by landing a Q and vamping up. It's especially frustrating in lane, and the life steal in general just lets him float around both sides of the jungle with little risk   This point is always made by anti-Lee Sin players. And it's always wrong. All good junglers will max R > Q > E > W. W remains at 1 point 95% of the time, because the utility and increased damage offered by E is more potent. So that 5% lifesteal/spellvamp and 40HP shield from level 1 W is not that big of a deal. On the other hand, Elise's natural sustain and her spiderlings allow her to jungle without taking damage at all. Top lane Lee Sin sucks. It loses to most traditional top laners and doesn't scale as well. There are a couple of LCS/OGN games that can show this.
0	true story. i was dating a girl for just over 5 years, even engaged for the last 8 months of relationship. i found out she was cheating with one of my really close friends (one of only 3 friends who even visited me in ICU 4 weeks prior when i almost died from an infection). thought i was fucked and wasted 5 years (well, that part's kinda true), how was i going to move on, blah blah blah, depression depression depression (i was 24 at the time). she executed some hypnosis level mind control over me for almost 2 years after breakup as she tried to keep me around, in her pocket, whatever, by saying how awful she felt, leading me on we might get back together.... i dated around for a year and a half, and found a girl i was friends with for 8 years at that point on a dating site. we were engaged within 6 months and married at 27. i'm 29 now and my wife is fucking kick. ass.
1	That really doesn't make it serious. I've said it before, this is the internet. I'm going to fucking kill you if you don't agree.   That was a death threat, are you afraid that I'm legitimately going to kill you? No and you shouldn't be. Anyone can make empty threats via the internet's anonymity.   Furthermore, I don't understand how you can disagree with his point that it's a terrible double standard to kick a regular poster who says the same thing a mod does. If anything the mod should be removed. It's significantly worse that a role model, or a person in power is saying these things. They're far more influential and are getting away with it because of their power.
1	Low ELO Players :
0	Actually, it's not. It sends a formclosingevent to the window in question, which the program doesn't have to respond to. High level programming languages, frameworks, and windows api will provide this by default, but you can override that functionality (For instance, nevah evah write half of the data to disk), and if you are working on a lower level, and not using a default windows form, you would need to go out of your way to roll your own. Also, in the event of an infinite loop (usually an unintentional bug), it could prevent checking of events, which would mean that the quit event would never be read or serviced.
0	Not the same guy but I have a few as well, I guess this is my 'best': Was at WaWa (gas station / convenience store) in line waiting to pay and the guy in front of me starts throwing a fit over the price of cigarettes. Apparently they mistakenly left up a sales sign advertising that the cigarettes were a dollar cheaper then they were - it expired yesterday and the guy wanted them for  that price . It's a 24 hour store, this was 5am, do the math, this shit happens.  The poor cashier tried explaining to the guy that normally he would  absolutely  give him the sale price since they left the sign up, however, they can  not  adjust the price of cigarettes or alcohol manually. Period. The registers won't let them due to all the regulations on these items. So the guy just isn't having it and getting super pissed over his two dollars and hollering at this poor kid, threatening to call the BBB, etc. At this point the poor kid start looking around for his manager with a serious "somebody fucking save me" look on his face. I'm getting real tired of this guys shit, so I just pull out my wallet and throw 5 dollars and the counter and tell the guy to go do us all a favor and go get lung cancer.  So the guy turns around gives me full fledged rage face, which is when I realized i was probably about to get my ass kicked. But then I hear somebody behind  me  say "just walk away man" - I glance back and there's this huge black guy I've never met staring at the prick with the cigarettes with a "if-you-start-some-shit-i'll-end-it" look on his face. The guy left without his smokes. Me, the cashier, and my anonymous body guard had a nice silent moment of understanding and gratitude.
1	The important part in looking into old meta-game is knowing that they weren't even as much of a meta as they were a flavor of the month. I've been playing since release and I can tell you it went down a little something like this.   First, people were awful at using mages because that required using skills, auto-attacking was just easier. It wasn't uncommon to see full 5 man team of all B.F. Sword item builds with not a single tank item. Once people found out how squishy teams like this actually were, AoE meta popped in. Characters with huge AoE ults were ridiculous (amumu, nunu, fiddlesticks, kennen) because they would demolish a team of squishies. This transferred into the horrible times of tank meta. Alistar Garren Mordekaiser Singed Pantheon teams were unbeatable. If they could survive the opposing teams huge AoE burst, they would win. Sunfire capes used to stack in damage, so it would be very common to see 7+ sunfires on a team, even worse that shaco would have the sunfires from his clone and his clone got a fresh guardian angel every time Hallucinate was popped whether or not the real shaco had his GA up. Riot took the nerf bad and beat tank items and characters until the structured meta that we see today started to form. CS started to be a big thing, because people were getting better at not dying and everyone needed a source of income because people weren't going 10/0/5 by 6:00.   At one time, junglers were looked at as being bad or a handicap for the team. Top or Bottom (yes, double top and solo bottom would happen) would get destroyed 2v1 because it was "kill kill kill" mentality.   The very first lane tactic that I remember was splitting the ranged. If your team didn't have 3 ranged (one in each lane) you guys were total noobs and were about to get stomped.   EDIT:
1	ok here's the thing that everyone in these comments seems to be missing. even OP is completely oblivious to what's happening, and he expects riot to just "reset his MMR" for him which is something that I'm certain they will not do unless there was actually a bug involved. this is not a bug, this is a result of having inflated MMR and needing to be brought back down to reality.   he was silver on EUW (hard server), plat 4 on EUE (easier), then diamond 2 on turkey server (easiest). he would achieve an MMR say of 2300 on turkey. however, turkey 2300 MMR would not be nearly as skilled (in general) as EUW 2300 MMR   so when he transfers, he gets silver league (an essentially meaningless part of the equation - leagues are purely for vanity). that is likely intentional like you said so that people can't abuse low pop servers to gain leagues.   so now he's on EUW with 2300 MMR and silver league, playing against people that are WAAAY too good for him. simply put he does not deserve to be in diamond league on EUW.   he would win a lot more LP than he would lose, but the problem is he actually can't win because he doesn't deserve to be there. he's probably mid-high gold player at best on EUW.   ultimately there's not much riot can do about this problem since ELO/MMR is not an idea, but rather a mathematical formula. the best probable solution would be completely resetting your league and ELO upon moving servers (if the problem is even worth fixing which is debateable. I'd argue that nothing is broken and the system is actually doing what it should)
0	Jesus this is depressing just having broke it off with my fiancee.   Edit: Since someone asked what happened. I've copy pasted it below.   It's actually because 5 months into the relationship I was talking with another girl, texting. No pictures or anything, but there was flirting. I'll have to explain.   Before her I was in an abusive relationship. The girl I ahd been texting (she doesn't know who it was) was a girl I had been talking to during that relationship. Lived across the country though. We were flirting through text and she saw that. I had stopped it before, and had been planning to tell her everything, but hadn't found the strength to do so. Not sure if I would have found the strength.   Fast forward a few months later, I thought she had forgiven me. Things seemed fine. We were engaged! No ring yet, but we were searching. And when she found the eprfect one I went out and got it in January. I was planning to ask her come summer time in a spot by the lake. Where we had shared one of our first "romantic" moments.   We were together a total of 17 months before she ended it out of the blue. That's when things really took a toll on me. Trying to move past it for the first few weeks and she contacts me. Crying. I was trying to date another girl, but it wasn't the same (never is at first). She hated me for becoming this great guy  after  her. This was beginning of April. I'll have to explain that before continuing.   After she ended it, I started working out and noticing all the other little things I had done wrong. My workout routine was everyday, running and/or lifting. I trained for a Half marathon that I ran a few weeks ago, and I'll be running in the Tougher Mudder soon on July 20th. I started playing guitar again and writing music. I started doing all these things I had forgotten about. I ahd been down on my luck stuck in a depressing job (Still am), but it kept me from really enjoying life until it was too late. There was a bunch of other things I changed, and it pissed her off it seemed.   So, back to the timeline. We went back and forth until I saw her again. I drove out one night, two and a half hours away to where she lived (and where I used to live with her), to see her. We talked on the phone the whole way. We ended up having sex before I went home. We planned on seeing eachother again later that week. (By this time I had called it off with the other girl, I liked her a lot, but things felt unfinished at the time).   She ended it a second time, citing that we had to start moving on. Well, this would happen a third time! Where we met and started talking. Hung out again and everything for the day and I stayed the night. Before, you guessed it, she ended it again.   Fast forward two/three weeks. She calls again. This is where she said she really wanted to try again. So we ended up living together for two weeks, she said we were both "single" but trying. That she needed time to clear her head before jumping back into it. But she wanted me there. She was in school and finals were coming up, so I thought it was a good idea to just feel things out.   Two weeks, and we went out on dates, I took care of the house work while her and her roomates were in class, I cooked for all of them, went out and had fun. I even became closer with her best friend, in a good way! Something I hadn't done before. Everything was going great. And she ended it  again . Called it quits.   That's when I pretty much broke. That was a true "I fucking snapped" moment. Not in anger, just not wanting to even move. There's a lot of great things that happened between her and me during those two weeks that I obviously didn't write out. Which just made it all feel like things were getting better. She ended it because she said, in her words, "I can't trust you again. You broke my heart and my trust." It had been the fact I had been flirting with that other girl. She couldn't get passed it a year later.   The worst part, during our break inbetween she was seeing other guys. Not when we lived together, but other times. She saw three other guys that all told her they didn't want to go any further. That they weren't ready for a relationship. And I took it for whatever reason.   So what did I find out after? Two days later, she had another guy visit her and hang out at her house. That guy would later have sex with her before telling her he didn't want anything to do with her. So, four guys told her that. She now associates me as a guy who doesn't deserve a second chance. This is now... Oh... 7 weeks after she ended it last?   The worst part? I still felt bad. After everything. Even though she was already with another guy. I felt bad for her, I still wanted to make ehr feel better for whatever reason.   My body is in shape. I have my six pack back, gained 30 lbs on muscle and a beach body. Can play some kickass guitar songs and sing too. Got back into pottery, throwing on the wheel, went out to L.A. because Microsoft invited me out. And a ton of other great shit with the Tough Mudder event to look forward to.   So at least i got that going for me.
1	They actually have been doing that since before season 3, they just stopped for a while and then upped the quality by a factor of 4. You're not necessarily wrong, just that
0	Similar: when I was in high school, my step-dad rented a  power aerator .   He showed me how to operate the machine, but he couldn't control it. It kept veering off to the side and getting out of control. I tried and had no problem. He tried again, but still couldn't figure out to how to keep it steady. My turn, and again, I had no problem -- smooth as silk.   Finally, he got so pissed off that I could manage it when he couldn't, that he did the job himself to prove that I wasn't better than he was.
1	Elise is a tricky one, she's been one of my mains since I started playing and I still play her today. I think she has a very interesting play style and skill cap, and even though everyone here thinks she is trash, in high elo she is still quite high on the list even though shes not at the very top by any means, and she definitely needs some attention (the PBE 'buffs' are a joke).   The reason that Elise isn't that good anymore is because she's had so many nerfs. If you look through the patch notes history, because of how strong Elise used to be, Riot gave her lots and lots of small nerfs here and there to try and balance her and them all stacked onto each other created what we have now.   It started with her spider form not giving Armor and Magic Resist anymore, she actually lost quite a lot of golds worth of stats from that nerf so that significant nerf hurt her, but she was so OP that it didn't knock her down a peg.   After that Elise got a couple more nerfs, her Spider E range got a range nerf, and they also fixed a bug which let her cast spells and auto attack while she was untargettable, which even though it was a bug fix reduced her power significantly. In this patch they also nerfed her Human W movespeed, before the nerf Elise's Human W was impossible to out run as it was just so fast, after this patch it was then possible to out run it. They also changed the positioning of her spiderlings in that patch, before Elise's spiderlings would eat a lot of skillshots for her, which would otherwise kill her or make her burn flash (Nidalee Spears and Thresh Hooks for example). The spiderlings would also attack a little bit more after you changed back into a human before disappearing, this patch also removed that so this nerfed her fighting and clearing in general a little bit too.   After all of these nerfs, Elise was in a much better state game health wise but she was still a priority pick, having around 100% pick ban rate in competitive play iirc.   Riot then did another batch of nerfs, which were very significant. Elise's spiderlings health got reduced, her Human E stun duration changed from being 1.5 at all ranks, to scaling with level at 1/1.25/1.5/1.75/2 (need 3 points in E to have the same stun duration as before) and most importantly, both of her Q's got significant damage nerfs to both champions and monsters. This nerfed her objective control and general fighting quite a lot. Both of her Q's got nerfed from 300 damage to monsters at max rank to 150 which is absolutely massive both for clearing but also for securing dragons and Barons (Keep in mind that Lee Sin even now has 400 damage to monsters on his Q). Her Spider Q took the biggest hit by losing 40 to champions damage at max rank. However, Riot compensated a little by reducing the cooldown on her Spider E a bit, but the compensation buff was pretty irrelevant as you can only use it more or less once in a fight regardless.   At this point Elise is not as strong as she was by any means, but I would say her power level was less than Lee Sin, but she was still a good jungler to take.   They then gave her some more nerfs, Elise's Human E hitbox got reduced to 55 from 70, and although yes this did nerf her ability to hit E in general, it was actually bigger than that. Before the nerf, Elise could easily use her Spider E to gapclose to someone and then essentially guarantee that her stun would hit because the hitbox was big enough to hit the enemy at point blank, the ability to do that got removed. Further, they nerfed the range on her Spider E from 925 to 750. On PBE Riot also planned to nerf her Human Q range from 625 to 500... thank god that didn't go through.
0	As a member of the Military I know that there is sensitive classified information that would seriously affect the security of our Nation.  All service members have sworn never to disclose this information.  We even have our own laws we must follow.  We sign all of our constitutional rights away, and agree to live under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.  I don't know if Manning knew what the consequences would be of his action, but he had no excuse not to know.
1	Actually it doesn't work like that, because the level of your games rise when you have a positive win rate.   It is very hard to maintain a 55% win rate over 1000 games of  ranked  solo queue, because you'll face harder opponents as you climb the MMR ladder.   As for the guy with 70% win rate over a hundred games, he can easily reach high platinium, maybe diamond, because he will win more LP per match due to his excessive win rate. He will also lose less LP in case of a loss, unless he starts going on a massive losing streak.
1	Well its time for kha'zix supp to arise. Max W for in lane harrass and sustain, then Max E so you can jump more. Evolve W->E-> and then R. Once you get your R use it in lane with your passive+W for max slowwing power to get your adc fed. Now your Twitch or Lucian will be able to carry the game.
0	I had a jack russel, but the low energy model. That dog was wise and would just look right at you in your eyes and hold that stare.That dog was the smartest animal I've ever had. Could open any door to the house, eat food in the cabinet and close all doors on his way back because he know he wasn't supposed to be inside. After 3 years he was scheduled for his pride to be removed. The night before he was to go in he was walking weirdly inside (moved houses) he walked into the wall slowly. My mother held him all night against the wall untill he died at around 2 am. She said right before he did, he looked up at her who was comforting him- looked her in the eyes for the first time that evening- laid his head back down and let out a last full breath and closed his eyes. That was his final breath, he had died.   Mother told me she had sat there crying, with the familys beloved animal in the blanket in her arms.   The next day we had found poisonous mushrooms growing in the corner of the largely fenced in area- and determined he must of eaten them. And the physical effects he had the rest of that day was his body slowly shutting down.   Much much later on, I found it so ironic as he died the day before the operation-- joking lightly with myself as if he knew what we said, and the little bastard we loved said screw that! I'm out!  RIP Two-ey
0	NBC, the station who is broadcasting the Olympic games in the US, will show a 2-3 minute video piece with interviews on an olympic athlete focusing on their struggle or an inspirational moment in their life right before they compete. And then sometimes they lose and NBC will focus on their disappointment and how awful they did right after they made you fall in love with the athlete.
0	You complaining about 19?   We've been having temperature fluxes from -2 to 13 degrees every day. Oh, that's in Celcius by the way.
0	Well I read majority of the comments. People have a stupid way of saying things. Basically the real thing this thread is trying to say:   If you go to the gym wearing skimpy outfits or outfits that show a lot of skin, it is unreasonable to expect someone to not look at or notice you. If you get made because someone checked you out in said skimpy outfit, you have no right to complain and be taken seriously. However, if you are wearing said skimpy outfit and someone is staring you down for 3 minutes straight or is following you around the gym, then by all means, report that person.
1	dll's generally modify memory, which is against T.O.S.   Custom Skins modify existing files in your install folder, not the game itself.
0	It's been a few years since I graduated from a music conservatory, but I remember talking to a piano professor once on the subject of playing Bach too "Straight". His theory (and the theory of some others) was that a little bit of swing to Baroque pieces was not only acceptable, but historically accurate. Metronomes (the kind that we now know) weren't going to be invented until the early 1800's, and the concept of all beats having exactly equal lengths wasn't a part of the music world at that time. There was also a lack of information about Bach & his contemporaries up until about the 70's, so we're really just beginning to understand him again. Try (literally) Jazzing it up, the different stresses that he hides in his work can really make it groove.
0	A man and a wife were laying in bed and they were back to back. The husband asks if she wants to play football. The wife says what's that. He says I'll fart to you you fart back. For each fart it's 7 points. She agrees. First fart from the wife 7-0. Second fart husband 7-7. Third fart wife 14-7. Husband got angry pushed real hard and all of a sudden a crazy loud fart comes out and the wife had lost count of the score so she says what was that? And the husband now aware of the shit running down his leg in the bed says oops half time switch sides.
0	I feel you, bro. I've been denied multiple jobs and promotions because the company needed a "Diversity hire." I worked my ass off only to have the promotion I worked late nights for go to someone else because they were a different skin color. I was denied scholarships because I'm white. I was jumped and beaten almost daily by Latinos and blacks when I was a teen and the cops didn't magically appear to help me. They wouldn't even take a report! So anyone who says "White Privilege" exists can shove it up your ass! It's people of the same race looking out for each other.   Do you describe the United Negro College Fund as "Black Privilege?" How about the NAACP? No? Surprise, surprise. They're tools to help uplift African Americans. If there was a college fund specifically for white people the NAACP would have a fucking field day.
1	It's ok to play against the bots at the beginning, and use them every time you need to practice some new champion or just to check game mechanics.   But as soon as you feel ready enough you should start playing normals (even if your summoner level is really low), as it is against people where you're gonna learn the most. I've seen people with level 30 with less than 5 victories in normal (and obviously, no games in ranked) and that's something you really do not want.
1	copypasta from a forum:     Win of the day is a flat 150 IP unaffected by any other factor   Per-win boosts, in normal games, give a flat amount of IP equal to the maximum amount you could have won. This is about 141 IP on SR.   However, per-win boosts give 2x IP in practice games - as a result, NEVER WIN A PRACTICE GAME WHILE YOU HAVE PER-WIN BOOST ENABLED   Custom games only give IP for a certain amount of time per day (2 hours I think?)   Multiple IP boosts stack additively but not multiplicatively. If you get 100 IP and have a per-win and a per-day boost, you get (100+100+100=300), not (100 2 2=400).   Double IP weekend actually does double your total IP, so stacked per-win and per-day boosts on double weekend give (100+100+100)(2)=600 IP. (In other words, 6x the normal amount)   The most efficient way to farm IP with a boost is to win as many practice games as you can in 2 hours, then simply play a lot of normal games and win them.   You have to win quite a few games to earn enough bonus IP for it to be worth it to buy a per-day boost when you could have just spent the RP on a champion - however, boosts are ideal for saving for runes since obviously you can't buy runes with RP.
1	League of Legends has been around for a really long time, so as I'm sure you can imagine, this question has been asked a lot.   As far as I can remember...every time a red actually responds to this they say that it's not implemented because they don't want to expose their game to the ability of being hacked. When you set up the "starting gold" or when you change the ability to have the same champions on the same team you change certain things in the back end. Through close observation and study, a hacker can find out what changes have been made and then make these same changes for real games leading to a hacked game.
0	Until I was 19 and changed banks, my account was attached to my parents, it was nice at first because my mom would just transfer money into my account for babysitting my (significantly) younger siblings. But once I turned 18 I became super paranoid about what I spent my money on because she yelled at me for buying anything that wasn't gas. Overall, though, it wasn't so bad, the only time she ever took money out was if I needed cash but didn't have any like a trade. It just really sucked that she could see where I was spending my money, especially as an adult.   Anyways, I'm pretty sure this is fairly common. Most of my friends had the same set up in high school. I had one friend, however, whose parents would refuse to have any sort of access to their accounts (their name would be on it, but it would't be attached to their account).
1	I run a non profit, and it's fairly obvious when you give a presentation about your cause at a large multinational bank detailing how you need exactly $9,573 to open a new school, and an anonymous donation comes through later that month for exactly that amount.   Furthermore, a lot of people working at these institutions care more about the sort of stuff you're doing than anyone else, and often times even as much as you yourself do. It's humbling to see.
1	Yes and there's a difference. I don't get why you expect silver players to have map awareness of a pro. Shit happens. I don't have 100% awareness either and I was almost plat.   Did I lose my lane? Sure. But you know what pisses me off the most? When I know the lane might snowball when I'm 0/2 and I sit at my turret trying to farm safely under tower and ask for a gank and not receiving any and then getting dove by their jungler. Yea shit happens, don't bitch at me when the obviously snowballed top starts to roam. I asked 5+ minutes ago.   And this is the #1 reason why this game has been driving me insane for the last 5 days. I have not gotten a decent jungler often enough for me to win. This includes buff control and ganking lanes that are behind. I do jungle when I can, and to sound like an egotistical fuck, I make a much bigger difference than most junglers I play with. No one in silver knows how to do a lane gank.   Oh and junglers, as a support main, invest in your fucking bot lane. You won't win mid+late game if you refuse to gank bot at all and their lane is snowballing. I'm sorry, but if you don't come bot once and then bitch at us for not having bush or dragon control, don't jungle. Seriously, just don't. Buy a pink for us. Get mid to come bot with you. Help your late game out. We need your love.
1	As a Twitch player, Twitch is nothing more than a product of the Meta right now.   You ask why he was less popular for a while? It's not the new model. Twitch was insanely popular in the 2013 Summer Split, but you did not nerf him out of popularity, the reason he faded was due to meta shifts.   First and foremost, twitch's largest weaknesses are high burst that he can't stealth away from, and enemy champions with quick harass patterns that can get in, do damage and get out before twitch can stack his poison and Contaminate for massive damage. Near the end of the summer split, the assassin mid lane became very popular. While bad news for many ADCs, Twitch was one of the most affected, as he relies on his 850 range in teamfights to survive, and Ahri and Zed could close that distance instantly. Twitch was suddenly a lot less powerful.   Then, the Trinity Force rework happened. Suddenly burst ADCs like Corki and Lucian were not just viable but top-tier, and twitch's biggest weakness, early game burst lanes, became the standard bot lane. About this time, the high-burst Annie support also rose in popularity. After Corki got nerfed, the bot lane meta shifted to Sivir/Jinx/and/Lucian ADCs and Thresh/Leona/Annie supports. Bot had become a deathlane that Twitch was not suited for. About this time the tanky rushdown top meta was in full swing. This meta was bad for any ADC without an escape or movespeed steroid, Twitch among them.   Twitch does not thrive in this environment at all, and became one of the least picked ADCs at the time (barring Quinn and Urgot), sitting next to Miss Fortune and Kog'Maw in terms of popularity. (Also big 2013 champs that got ousted due to the meta.) But meta is change. No meta lasts forever, and with the season 4 changes to snowballing, assassin mids fell out of flavor and building for late game suddenly became more preferable. This put carries back in the top lane instead of Mundo and Shyvana.   Another unexpected thing happened about that time too. Morgana took to support, weakening the bot lane all-in lanes, and Lulu and Soraka became popular in solo lanes, giving Twitch his much needed peel late game. This allows Twitch to operate at full capacity.
1	I admit Golem is a bit silly   But here lets put it another way. You say the jungle is NERFED. This means that it's worse then before all the gold generation items.   Say you don't get golem, wriggles or whatever. Jungle gives slightly less gold but that evens out quite quickly until it gives more gold. So just by definition. Yes, the jungle did get buffed not nerfed.   Your assumption that most junglers don't need smite is silly and very untrue. The jungle is set up so that all junglers will benefit heavily from it. Nobody clears a whole camp at the same time except maybe shyv, most have to sit there wacking the big creep after the little ones have died, or killing the smaller ones individually. You say 60 gold per clear isn't that much, but then that also scales, and telling me that getting an extra camp per clear is worse then the old jungle is silly.
0	Sadly, you broke the rules to Reddit. Here they are: If you are going to ask a question, it cannot be something that you are genuinely curious about or do not understand. Instead of being appreciated for utilizing the Reddit community, you will be demeaned for not "Googling" it first. If you want upvotes and generally positive reception for a question, it has to being something completely meaningless and has to allow each Redditor to answer with their own story or example. Reddit loves to tell stories and give opinions, but most of Reddit HATES supporting actual curiosity or facilitating any type of actual learning.
0	I don't think it's particularly bizarre to  feel  angry at everyone in a category you know benefits from being privileged over you on a daily basis. It's pretty human to have strong feelings of that sort, especially when something particularly egregious comes up and a majority of the people in the privileged category are clearly fine with it. It's just wrong to codify that angry feeling into a blanket statement as prejudiced as "I hate all [privileged group] people."   Edit: And, from having seen such statements made before, they're almost always hyperbole. Like you'll see someone say "Ugh, I hate [x] people!!!" and then later they'll soften it and talk about how hard it is to not take out their anger at a wide swathe of [x] people on their boyfriend who is also an [x] person.
0	This happened to me once. I worked for a little telecoms company. After we were bought by Verizon, it became a horrible place to work and I hated it. After a year of suffering, I lined up new job with better money and more autonomy.   The day I was going to hand in my notice, I went in 2 hours early to get all my personal stuff off my work computer (I had a LOT of important stuff there, stupidly) and upload it to remote servers. People were walking around asking me "do you know what's going on?" and "which email did you get?"   Everyone was directed to one of two mandatory meetings, off-site or on-site. I got the on-site meeting. I finished getting all my shit removed and deleted from my machine just in time for the meeting. There were 100 people in the room, and they canned us all. They would not let us back to our desks except under escort, and we couldn't touch our computers. I got handed a $7000 severance check and other forms of assistance.   People were really devastated, and the hardest part of that day was pretending I was sad. I made it to the car and on to the road before blowing out a rebel yell that left my ears ringing all the way home.
0	That happened to me too! There was a speedtrap on BOTH sides of the road. I didn't pay it and it spiraled into a huge clusterfuck where I got my license suspended and then drove anyway because it was only in another state not my home state. Had to go to court. It was dismissed after I paid hundreds in fines but it was a friggin criminal case.
0	In your ignorance you are essentially happy, but when you hear the legends, you get curious. The search consumes your life, defining you to your very being. When at last you find it, it's presence is everywhere, driving you mad, eventually producing death as the only viable option.
1	Another thing to note blueboybob, is that League of Legends is going to be coming out with one of their biggest updates since the game was released as a closed beta, its a whole new game mode with a whole different type of strategy involved.   I had seen previously you asked about the length of games, and even though the traditional map Summoner's Rift (5v5) can take anywhere from 20 minutes (surrender) to 80 minutes (the longest I've ever played) this new game mode averages around 20 minutes of explosively action packed gameplay. This new mode is called Dominion, and I'll post some helpful links in a second. Basically, if you are familiar with Call of Duty games where you play Domination, you capture 5 point on the map with your champion, and the longer you hold these points for, and the more you control, the faster your enemy teams points fall. When your enemy team's points hit 0, you win. This game mode is something revolutionary to the MOBA genre, and you'll basically be around as it sprouts.   Things to note about Dominion:     Brand New Map   Brand New Game Mode   New Items   Instead of starting at level 1 in game, you start at level 3 (max level is 18)   New buffs (special  upgrades  in game such as speed boost or more damage)
1	Man I Wanted to respond to this so bad, but was in class.  Well as a jungle main let me tell you how to deal with this. Usually its the losing lane at low elo that blames jungler, what you do is simply laugh it off when they rage. They also end up calling you things like "Seriously are you autistic?" "DO SOMETHING YOU NOOB". Don't let these get to you,  you are arguing with a child/manchild, ignore them. If you also get caught and getting trolled by that X player, don't let it get to you. If its a normal game, you can taunt the living crap out of those douchbags, call them out "you going to keep feeding X lane? the buffet is already closed dude"  just make sure you don't ever let them get to you. In a ranked game, ignore the living crap out of those ragers and just focus on the game, if they are decent players but ragers, you can try to help them get back in the game, just report them after for being toxic. Its a team game after all.
1	Game modes are fun to speculate over, but just because the thought it fun doesn't make it a good idea. Riot has been making a great effort to expand their brand and improve the eSports scene while trying to manage balance changes and adapt to a meta created by their users. They constantly need to be working on such things to maintain credibility and further their cause. Creating all these game modes that people like to talk about is very-nearly a complete waste of time. They've done it more than once, and each time the modes lose popularity very quickly when people get over the gimmicky nature they inherently possess (or sometimes they stop playing because they realize Riot is less focused on content for extra game modes and actually doing their job).
0	I will try to respond in a similar tone.   Because history is only stuff that was resent. /sarcasm   Think about that for a minute.   History: "Those who do not learn from the past are doomed to repeat it."   Learning History: Aquire knowledge or commit to memory.   The mother of all learning:  repetition   (repetitio est mater studiorum)   Also, Palestine (and Israel) are both still kicking and screaming)   Let, see who else:   Taiwan Some British territories(terminology?), although it's more a political thing.   Koreans(born) in Japan (don't have citizenship).   A lot of eastern-block countries/cultures right now are pretty vocally and violently arguing with Russia.   Quite a few more if I take more time to read up on it.
1	Yeah, I have lots of experience dominating shitty people lately (climbed from 720 to 1030 elo) and this man is correct when it comes to playing with noobs.   Wards are great but if you are the best player on your team it is possible to be over spending on them. They are only 75 gold but if your shitty teammates don't pay attention to them and get ganked anyway then they are a waste. EDIT: I don't mean don't get them, in reality the time they take to plant if you must walk 20 seconds there and back to plant them is a HUGE chunk of time.   I have had games where I end up with 100+ more CS than the other teams average. Being up 1000 gold by the start of the mid game usually is the beginning of the snowball that rolls me to my victories.   Once you start the mid game, it is so dependent on who you are. As mundo I would focus on pressuring the enemy. Keep them defending, chasing, reacting, etc to you so they can't capitalize on the other 4 retards on your team standing in bushes waiting. When I play veigar I would focus most on farming and as carefully as possible becoming the voice of the team. Since you can't push alone you will need to be on the same page as the others. Not saying I need to be the leader or anything, it's just the point in the game that the dummies realize they want to win and you are the only person who is making sense.   If you are playing with noobs I would definitely suggest picking someone like singed or mundo who have the two things I value most. #1 The ability to pressure turrets and get away and that #2 in team fights it is a terrible idea to target them first. Playing veigar I feel completely reliant on my team knowing what to do, I can burst carries in team fights and gank them, but i can't take the wheel and drive my team to a win. As mundo I can pressure turrets whenever the other team is out of position and if the other team wants to target me first in team fights then fine, even 4 noobs should be able to beat 5 noobs who just wasted every spell on mundo in a team fight.   EDIT: I have no idea what Elo you are at, I don't want to say you are a noob or that I can do this at 1200 or 1400 or even 1100 Elo. However, I have seen posts on reddit where people claim they are sub 1000 Elo and do not know why. Well I used to think that but I have learned what winning involves, and played games where I felt I was the only one.
1	Not an entirely new concept, there's been a few variations. I had a very successful, similar game a while ago. Went out with just one buddy in some duo's. Had one game where everybody was already "im playing X in Y lane or else I AFK" type bull. After I picked and locked, I eventually got shunted into top with morde because one wanted mid and the other two insisted they play together (ashe and WW, wtf?). I was panth. I was not set up as a jungler, so couldn't outright jungle. I also did not want to screw up morde's CS and experience by staying in his lane though. Instead I went as a counter jungle. Lvl 1 I went for the opposing jungler, who must have thought he was getting it easy since we had no jungle. Got him and the mid that was leashing for him (Our ahri in mid got a last second hit with her ball for the assist). From this point I went into roaming mode. I popped into lanes when needed, but otherwise just made my job to shut down their jungler. Since we already had his blue, he couldn't start his jungle out right and ended up finishing the game at lvl 12 (everybody else was 18). Once I was 3-4, I jungled a little in between ganks to keep up my level. Was outright brutal. I have been debating on trying out a permanent roaming panth build, haven't gotten around to it though.
1	Witt's End specifies only champion auto attacks, while SotEL specifies auto attacks OR damaging abilities that only apply a single tick of damage or multiple ticks of damage in a singular instance.   For example   If you look at Nasus' E, dropping Spirit Fire on an enemy will proc SotEL every tick because it deals damage  per second  instead of x damage over y seconds. The game classifies it as a singular instance of damage every time it ticks.   Now, if you look at Malz' E, it won't proc SotEL because it deals a set amount of damage (after modifiers and such)  over x amount of time .   In the same respect, Malz' W deals damage per second instead of over time and (correct me if I'm wrong, I'm procrastinating at work and can't test this yet) should in theory proc SotEL every time it ticks.   I believe this applies to all AoE "DoTs" (Amumu's Despair, Singed's Poison, etc)   Back to the plants   Zyra's plants won't trigger Witt's End or similar items because the AA needs to be Zyra herself and not the plants, but will trigger SotEL because the plant AA's count as a singular instance of spell damage every time they attack something.  It's the same reason they'd apply Liandry's. The plant AA count as spell damage and not AA's.
1	IDK why you're downvoted for asking a question =_= This is one of the villains from The Princess Bride, Vizzini. He's famous for an intellectual "duel" he has with the hero, Wesley. Thinking he's won the duel (it's over which one chooses to drink from a poisoned cup), he mocks Wesley, saying, "Never go against a Sicilian when death is on the line!"   In the movie, he then falls over dead, since it turns out both cups were poisoned but the hero is poison-resistant because he's made of awesome.
1	Reading your comments on this thread and speaking from experience, I'd recommend 3 levels of play and expectation instead of your current 2. Also,  remember that you can only control your actions and reactions. If you get in an argument in all chat and get reported even though the other dick was the problem, you probably deserved it for being annoying and perpetuating the rage.   1) Ranked: I'm going to decide to stick to meta and play roles and champs I am comfortable with and I know my builds for. If someone feeds or rages, I can mute and report them while still trying to focus on my mechanics for this role (which based on your current rank is something you probably desperately need to do to get better).   2) Normals: I want to relax a bit and play a game where I don't have to play my main roll. I do this here because I can fail and it won't matter. Also, if there are trolls/bitches and I mute them, it won't really matter because I am learning a champ or role I'm not completely confident about and I'm kinda planning on losing. Here, of course, trying to win is still important, but again, you can focus on mechanics of the role or champ and ignore everything else.   3) ARAM: Fuck it, I'm going 100% attack speed Annie... or I might build regular, but who the fuck cares?
0	Yeah, but in America where we're all greedy pigs, everyone will round up. We'll go halfway, say an  object comes out to $5.47. The company then rounds the price up to $5.50. That's three extra cents they earned strictly because there is no penny. Not a big deal. Say, every single american makes the same purchase. That's about nine million dollars extra that whatever company we all bought this product at just made. And that's in one day. What about a year? It becomes roughly 3.3 Billion extra dollars. As my economist father always says, "It's not the big purchases that make you go broke. It's the pennies, nickels, and dimes."
0	Bro, when two bro's share a bromance, things can get confusing and murky. Embrace it, it might feel weird but two bro's cuddling is a natural part of life. After a few beers escalation is bound to happen. The best thing to remember is that its not gay, not that there would be anything wrong with that. It's just two bro's hanging out with their dicks touching. Nothing odd at all.   Does anyone want to play some GameCube? Just as a warning I play without my pants on.
0	A lot harder than you think to pretend to know someone twice, you may say something that one alias doesn't know, that, the other one does, resulting in a "How did you know that? I never told you that." moment,  probably  even harder when you actually have legitimate feelings for the person, and, you know they like X, Y, or, Z, but, you can't do X, Y, or, Z, because you don't know they like X, Y, or, Z, only someone who is also you, know that they like it.
0	Animals on the planet do not have a natural equilibrium with the plant, that happens through natural selection and other systems.  Take for example deer, it may seem that they live in equilibrium with the environment they live in but they do not.  With out natural predators and now human selection in areas where we have removed a majority of the predators populations the deer eat and strip the forests of undergrowth and new vegetation.  The deer eat everything and anything they can.  As the deer population grows and grows it becomes larger than the carrying capacity of the environment that the dee live in.  This then leads to large die offs of the deer population due to mass starvation as the forests and environments the deer live in no longer have the ability to feed the entire deer population.  Now some deer do move out of the current system to others but those other environments also find ways to balance out through starvation and predation.   Now as to humans changing the environment to suit our needs being unnatural, why would it be unnatural to create shelter and grow food and other resources.  We should be taking stewardship over our world and environments and looking to find sustainable ways to live but that does not mean that we are being unnatural.  Birds build nests out of materials they can find in their environments and primates use tools, why is it so strange that we change and utilize our strengths to survive and thrive above other animals.  Given the chance almost any animal or plant species on this planet will utilize every available resource and fight for what ever else it can get and use to continue its species.  I say almost any animal to cover my bases but I can not think of one off of the top of my head that would act differently.   Humans have formed communities to help us survive for thousands of years.  In order to live in a community you have to live within some distance of one another and as our population has grown ever larger we have had need of finding solutions for creation of shelters that suit our living needs.  Living on plots of land and living next to each other has allowed humans to develop society and our communities.  In order to have cars and airplanes and computers we need these large communities.  It allows us to pool our resources and skills in order to create a better life for all of us.   Anyways I have gone on long enough but
1	I always hear about how people find toxic people in tons of their games, but I've rarely ever found someone that was actually being a jerk.  To be fair, I mostly just played bot games until 10 or so, so I probably avoided many smurfs that way, but I have also played a lot of normals and a fair bit of ranked, and have never had anyone get mad when I make a mistake (other than flinging someone the wrong way as Singed and getting people on my team killed, which kinda was a really dumb move on my part).  In ranked games (at about 1300 elo) people see  pretty chill in all my games.  I decided to jungle since no one else wanted to, even though I'm not that great.  The first time I try to gank, the other person took pretty much no damage, and second time I tried I died, and the other person escaped with low life.  Even though I felt bad about it, no one on my team really said anything too bad, and people even encouraged me, and told me not to give up.   That being said, I have had some humorous games where people were really creative in telling me that I was playing very bad.  "Hey, Riven, I bet you'd do pretty bad in a petting zoo...no feeding allowed there." or "You could end world hunger if you had gone 0/11 to Africa instead of MF."  Although they were insulting me, they were doing it in a lighthearted way that gave me a great laugh.
1	Her ult actually does require some skill to use. I remember a couple weeks back there was a thread for people asking mains of champions for tips on how to play certain champions and a lot of people asked how to play Kayle and I gave a lot of good tips in that thread. Her ult is not just press R on someone, you have to first determine who is fed on your team, who is most likely to be focused, etc. In team fights, depending on the positioning of your team, you may have to ult a different person each team fight depending on who is where. Also, a lot of people think a good Kayle ult is when you ult someone who is low and about to die - but that's not good. A good Kayle ult is when you ult someone BEFORE they take a lot of burst damage that way they can get out of the fight with all of/most of their health remaining rather than end a team fight with no health and have to back. Also, she most definitely does not have single target burst anymore, she used to be able to two shot people but now she takes 5-6 shots even for squishies. Besides, she has LESS range than Vayne.
1	so i see that most of you are not really into what this game is. i saw like billion comments its pay2win etc. i was playing crossfire "competitively" where you couldnt use any item thats NOT buyable with in game money. its skill level is equal to cs 1.6 (i played cs too), so basicly, yes its pay2win since you can get armors and shit via shop, but once you get on higher level you will shit on anyone getting armors and stuff since every higher level player is playing without that stuff but is just that much better. if you are really good, you will beat anyone using armors and stuff. its all really up to skill more than items. if you are playing against someone good he will headshot you with first bullet in his magazine and you will die unless you have helmet, but if he is much better than you he will repeat it before you could even hit him at all.
1	You're starting to get it!   Get what? you cut out a huge portion of the sentence and the following sentence which made the clear point that different champions are stronger/weaker in the meta. In certain other games, the characters/champions are more balanced so every pick serves a specific purpose. League of Legends is not like that. Compare Lux to Ziggs. Ziggs is safer, has more damage over time, has more burst damage, deals more damage to structures, can global clear, can permawaveclear. What does Lux do significantly better than Ziggs? Almost nothing. Which is why Ziggs is played over her.   >Or they're scared to try things that haven't proved to work. Either way, its NOT similar to soloq, at all.   A pro team, in its combined players, probably has over 10,000 games played. Do you think they haven't tried almost everything at least once? Do you think that their coaching staff and analysts have no idea what they're doing? In a competitive meta with competent junglers, higher degree of vision control, and greater team coordination certain picks will be stronger there than in soloque. However, it's still the same game. If Kassadin is super strong in competitive games it's likely that he's strong in soloq games as well. At Gold and below, hell even plat, any pick is viable. But once you get high enough up the ladder, one is only handicapping themselves by playing champions that are significantly weaker than meta champions. If one is extremely good on a champion or it's a hidden OP then yeah it's a great idea to play it. But most players, who don't have a main champion, will perform best using the meta champions.   >No, it couldn't   As I mentioned, and you cut out of your quotation, winrate does not always equal champion popularity. For example, pre-rework Xerath. However, if a champion is majorly terrible, like post-rework Skarner, it will lose popularity because players don't usually like playing champions that don't win games when played well. It's not a perfect correlation between popularity and winrate but the champions with much higher winrates get played more than champions with very low winrates.   >Yes, they are. You WILL NEVER play against someone of exactly equal skill, ever. The pros are so close to each other in terms of mechanical skill and game sense, so they might have a problem playing Ashe or Quinn. You will never have that problem. If you have more games on Ashe/Quinn than Draven/Jinx, THEN THEY'RE THE BETTER/STRONGER PICKS, every single time.   Once again, a logical fallacy. Sure, if you have played twice as many games on a champion you are more comfortable there and will perform better than a champion you are uncomfortable with. However, one cannot ignore the fact that, if they played a stronger pick just as much, they could've been performing EVEN BETTER than on their comfort champion. Pros do have more equal skill levels than the average soloq game, but if a champion is completely broken then the average player can abuse it just as much as a pro player.   Tell me, why do I have 3x as many games played on Zed, TF, and Nidalee but all of them have 30% less winrate than my Kassadin? Because Kassadin is a patently stronger pick, not because I play it better. I know far more/am more comfortable playing Zed/TF/Nidalee than Kassadin, yet my Kassadin winrate is super high. Clearly there are different tiers of champions, however, I'm not advocating to only play those champions.   If one enjoys playing the champion, then go ahead and play it. In soloq, there's a bonus edge that a player has by playing an uncommon champion. Like how everyone assumes Poppy is terrible then get bursted down going "where the fuck did that come from?" But that champion might not be as powerful as a meta champion. For example, compare Gangplank and Lulu top. Is there anything Gangplank does significantly better than Lulu? Except for providing global ult support, there's nothing. Lulu has more damage, utility, range, safety, and can better utilize teleport. If one wants to win, one should always pick Lulu over Gangplank unless you have never played Lulu before and Gangplank you have 100x as much experience.
0	Men are less vocal about it. They are as likely to gain from promiscuity as they are to loose from it. If women are more likely to sleep with more than one person, they are more likely to get laid by a woman that sleeps around. The only downside is that another man could father the children he intends to raise with the woman he is with. Women however, are more likely to want less competition, since higher promiscuity means that when other females are successful in finding a mate they continue to be competition for the best mates, and also makes males less likely to support a monogamous woman. This is good for guys, because the higher competition makes for more extreme selection for better traits, and lets more guys get laid. It fucks with the whole current system, though, since guys wouldn't be shackled to the women they are with, because women being promiscuous means that men can be too, and promiscuous people have less incentive to support any single partner.
1	I understand what you mean, but as with any word the gradients of 'to exaggerate' need to comply with semantics and grammar alike. For example, you can say "greatly exaggerate" to emphasize that it was more of an exaggeration than one might be used to.   However, over-exaggerate is not repetitive - there are valid constructions of repetitive figures after all - it is just semantically redundant. The meaning of 'exaggerate' is 'over what is usual or expected', so over-exaggerate translates literally into 'over over'. It would be analogous to saying something along the lines of "I prefer this so much more", where prefer already means to like something more (than something else) literally translating into "I like this more so much more".   I'm certain that if you travel countryside there'll be quite a few words popping up that see common usage among certain demographics or generations, but each of them will still earn you red ink in any academic or professional environment.
1	Although Riot have said that the elo system is no longer in use there is still a hidden elo. If your hidden elo is lower than the hidden elo for your division you will gain a small amount of lp until your hidden elo increases and becomes greater than the hidden elo for that division. So at first you will gain around 4-5 lp and eventually you will begin to gain a normal amount of lp once your hidden elo increases. It also happens the other way around where if your hidden elo is a lot higher than the hidden elo in your division then you will gain large amounts of lp. For example if your in silver 1 and the hidden elo range is 1450-1500 and your hidden elo is 1400 than you will gain small amounts of lp until your hidden elo increases.
1	My biggest throw was when the other team had all 2 of our inhibs, baron buff and had our forest fully warded. We turtle mode shit up actually ace them, quickly rushed into their base cleared their outter turret, inhib, and the two tower. Once we started attacking the nexus and my team is calling "GG EZ" I hit /surrender, and of course my friends would be derps and acctually accept it and we ended up having their nexus blow up, then immedietely having the camera move back to our nexus then having it blow up. We got the "Defeat" sign :(.
0	And that is what makes Reddit different for me and you. I come to this site to get a laugh and learn something new every day. My thinking is simple if I am not learning, then I am just wasting my time, and my times is better off doing something else. Pretty much just an excuse, but it works and gives this site a purpose for me. I do not look for personal gratification. that's why I have not posted anything here...just comment. I know I am not the only one because for a site with so many subscribers, there are way fewer who do post anything or comment.   What it appears to me is that you use this site for "personal gratification", and I am okay with that. The problem comes when your ego gets in the way of me having a laugh or learning something interesting.   People's take on Black History Month is interesting because it's different from mine. This allows me to learn and see where people are coming from. The constant bickering and personal attacks against each other gets in the way and ends up being two people name calling like children on a playground. That is where my issue is.
1	AD on bonetooth nerfed, not on abilities.   A skill shot? Oh no, now i have to have the mental capacity of at least an ant to play him.   Removed tankiness in exchange for an AD debuff so he can duel better, which he was designed for.   Removed stealth in exchange for the ability to chase better.   And ult consumes ferocity to increase duration. (Side note: If you knew what you were doing, you'd have five ferocity, activate Q then ult immediately, then strike when you had 5 ferocity again so you could triple Q meaning that youd have no ferocity to consume with your ult anyways.)
0	Well, depends on which type we're talking here. I have type 1, which is typically the 'cold sores on the mouth' type and not type 2, which is typically 'on the genitals' type - but both can get on the mouth or genitals, and both are for life. The 25% number you're talking about is for type 2 - the vast majority of people have type 1 (somewhere between 60-80% of the population). I've had type 1 since I was at least 6 years old, but thankfully is just on my mouth.   I absolutely agree that people should tell partners if you have genital herpes, type 1 or 2, so let me preface this with that. It's the responsible and honest thing to do - sex and love should be about everyone's welfare and I would never defend deceiving anyone. Anyone's desire to get laid does not trump anyone else's right to make informed sexual choices.   But there's a very silly stigma around genital herpes and a lot of misinformation that are easily being perpetuated in this thread - it's gross (even though symptoms vary greatly between people - many people don't even get symptoms), you're a slut if you have it (even though two virgins could give it to each other), you're unsafe if you have it (even though it spreads whether or not you use a condom). The stigma itself was created by the pharmaceutical company Burroughs Wellcome (now called GlaxoSmithKline) in the late 70s and early 80s to help market an antiviral medication that wasn't selling very well - herpes wasn't even considered an STD until the public perception was (intentionally) changed.   Also, doctors do not routinely test for types 1 or 2 unless you are displaying symptoms, because it doesn't create any life-threatening situations or isn't seriously debilitating in any way. Many people have it without knowing they do - either because they don't have any symptoms of it or their symptoms are so mild, they didn't think anything of it. Other people have mild cold sores on their mouth without noticing. In the case of OP's "friend" - we can assume that guy is an asshole who isn't being honest with people. In many cases, though, it's just spread without any "guilty" party.
0	My day just isn't complete unless I can oppress some non-whites. I think today it shall be the asians.
0	in the movie, the dark knight rises, john blake (jgl) real name is Robin, and it is mentioned in the movie.
0	When that amendment was written, the arms that they were talking about legitimately empowered citizens to stand up against governments.  Groups of armed citizens could pose a legitimate existential threat to a rouge government.   That simply isnt true now.  If [theoretical situation] the US government went rogue, started oppressing its people, you'd be hardly better off with the guns that we do allow than with a knife and some rocks to throw--the military's capabilities have simply outstretched where handheld firearms can really keep them in check.   And you dont infringe on my rights, but the government does all the time, in ways that I think are justified and good.  Look at free speech--yes I have the right to speak, unless the words that I say cause harm to other people in a concrete way.  I cannot incite specific violence, I cannot speek with the intention of causing panic, etc.  None of that is mentioned in the first amendment--it is the result of reasonable people applying a philosophical and abstract 'right' to a concrete and complicated world.  Rights are not absolute--in many cases we are balancing rights and interests, and based on the ramifications of different policies have to decide on the best way to do so.   My overarching point is that very few people believe that there should be no regulations on who can own what kind of gun--nobody thinks I should be able to keep a nuke and a tank in my back yard.  So we are already drawing somewhat arbitrary lines: this is OK, this isnt.  We have already admitted that the right is not absolute.  And I dont think that there is inherently anything magical about where the line is drawn right now--read up on the history of how it came to be, all the political infighting etc over many decades and I think you'll have to agree.  With that in mind, it seems entirely reasonable to ask the question of where that line would ideally be drawn.  And I think that given the violent proclivities of some of our citizens, making it harder to get at weapons can only be a good thing.   Something I should clarify too--a lot of people respond to the above by saying 'oh but they're nuts, they're still going to try to kill people.'  I agree with that--I dont think we'll actually be able to reduce the number of attacks.  But with incidents like Sandy Hook, Columbine, etc, it seems like these guys go on killing people at a certain rate until the cops show up and either plug them or force them to plug themselves.  I think the response rate is probably pretty constant.  So if we can reduce the rate at which they can kill people, we'll save lives.  The school stabbing in china is a great example of this--yes, the guy didnt have a gun and still attacked.  But nobody is dead.  Can you tell me that would be the case if he had had an AK instead of a Bowie?
1	This is a bit of an aside, nonetheless, I will post it to get my thoughts out...   IMO the progression of the game and outcome is more a reflection of the player and fellow allies skill/experience and attitudes, more so than the team comp 80% of the time.   Sure you will have that AD Soraka or AP Yi, but as long as they fulfill the role they sought out to play, and do it in a proper manner, it would not really bother me. The game is about having fun, and if they have fun in the process of playing a certain champion in an unorthodox, proper, style - let it be.   Often times, if I say that I am going to play a certain champion an 'unusual' way, more of the problem lies with my teammates having a negative attitude right off the bat (and consequentially possibly losing the game - especially when we could have won, or won the game by a greater margin).   Overall, if someone says they're going to play a champion out of the mainstream ways - let them do it, and only get mad at them if they go astray from the summoner's code (feed, rage, grief, etc.); something you should do with each individual regardless of who or what they are playing as.
1	I knew this was going to happen from the moment it was leaked that he may be joining a western team -  Piglet is good at the game because he plays the game a lot , that's it.  His scrim etiquette was always awful which is why he was almost removed from SKT before season 3 worlds  and this is because  he doesn't study . Piglet would often skip school to go play league either alone or with friends because he hates study, so what a surprise that Piglet isn't studying english very well! [My mind](   This was going to happen from the get go, Piglet has a bad attitude towards scrimming (he would often be late to scrims or miss them entirely because he stayed up late playing soloq) but remained on SKT as long as he did (despite KkOma hating his attitude) because his playmaking upside was so large. My theory is now that he is away from his friends, family and Korean soloq he is lacking anything to stabilize him like he had in Korea as well as overall a lower quality of soloq practice.   This is purely coming from a massive Piglet fanboy who has been following him for years and stalking anything related to him.
0	I worked at an IKEA in the returns/customer service section and what I learned is: People have an unrealistic expectation of the quality of IKEA furniture. Yes, there may be imperfections in the pieces when they go together but what do you expect for mass-produced furniture which is designed to be shipped everywhere in the world at an entry-level price? A lot of people talk themselves out of even attempting to put their purchases together because it's easier to have a sad and get someone else to do it. Some people genuinely have no mechanical reasoning. The instructions are pictorial to take language out of the equation. Again, as a cost saving device. There should never be pieces left over at the end. If there are, you've done something wrong. Kids beds and cots are the MOST difficult pieces of furniture to put together. Possibly due to stringent safety regulations, the units are far more complicated.
1	a good way to use poppy is when you know you will be facing a AD based champion in the lane. check Spamhappy's runepage (32 Armor, 8,5 AD), if you make it to your philo fast enough, you can just ignore your enemy and farm to your sheen. proceed to get triforce while also being now able to trade, especially if you hit your charge against a wall.
0	This is something I simply do not understand. My ex did this to me and another one of her friends (whom she left me for). Why do women decide to up and date friends? I was under the impression that once you put a guy in the friend zone, he remains there for all eternity? If anything I think this is a valuable lesson for women to learn.
1	There were a lot of other anti-snowballing measures that I think are sometimes under-appreciated:     Inhibitors being down no longer buffs the minions in other lanes.  Previously, this provided a very straightforward winning plan to teams that had one inhibitor down.  For example, when mid inhib was down, you just go seige top and basically /dance while bot lane pushes itself.  You really didn't even need to poke or sustain or anything until your buffed bot lane pushed itself up to the inhibitor turret.  At that point somebody on the enemy team has to break off to clear bot and you can tower-dive top 5v4.  Even if the bot clearer turns around and comes back and you lose the 5v5 tower dive, it often was worth it because your minions probably take at least bot turret (and sometimes inhib too) during the teamfight.   Decreasing global tower and dragon gold made it so that even if you turn some early lane advantages into early towers and dragon, it doesn't put your other lanes so far ahead that you start to get easy teamfight wins.   Removal of oracles .  Riot did this specifically to stop snowballing, but I feel like this fact hasn't been noticed as much by the community or commented on as much by announcers.  In my experience as a support main in Season 3, oracle's was the most snowbally item in the game.  If your team got one fast tower and dragon, or if you got a few early assists, you could by oracles and a few wards, then run around the map, put 5 wards out, clear out all opponent vision at like 10 minutes and make it so hard for the enemy team to come back.     It does seem like maybe Riot removed  too many  snowball mechanics at the same time, at the risk of making early game irrelevant and also resulting in much longer games at all levels of play.
0	Eagle Scout here, I also participated in a troop where nothing happened to the scouts and was also surprised at the shit that came up after I left. However, we did have one weird dude who's son joined during my last year or so before I left. He just behaved oddly, and none of the kids liked him, but that never went anything further than us making fun of him behind his back (his son included, cool kid).   Other than his creepy vibe, he never really did anything that made us uncomfortable. That is UNTIL we went to a popular summer camp in North Carolina. This was my last year in scouts, I fulfilled all my Eagle Scout reqs, and didn't care to earn anything else, so I went to hang out with my friends and spend quality time with my dad. about the second day into the trip we were in the showers, getting ready for dinner services when in walks Creepy Guy with his son.   Adults and scouts bathe in separate facilities, this is known. Immediately I and the two other older scouts from my troop block off the entrance to the showers and ask what the hell he thought he was doing. He tried to say something along the lines of his son was afraid of bathing publicly, and he just wanted to be there to comfort him. His son is 13-14, so of course this threw up a whole bunch of "bullshit flags" from all of us.   I inform him that as senior patrol leader that I would make sure nothing happened to his son in the showers, then assured his son that the shower facilities were separated by curtains so he'd have plenty of privacy. However, there was no way in hell I was going to permit an adult to enter the boy's showers. Even though I was 17, I'm a big guy 6'4" and ~280 lbs back then, I towered over this man and knew without a doubt that I could stop him if he tried to force his way past me.   He started hemming and hawing, insisting he be allowed to enter with his son. By this time one of the two older scouts from my troop had gathered his things and left to find our scoutmaster. I told the creepy guy that summer camp was about learning to be a stronger, more independent person, and learning that in things you fear you cannot conquer on your own, you can rely on your friends to help you. Relying on his dad to be there with him every step of the way will not foster a healthy adult, etc etc.   I should point out that after the initial denial of entry, the son was trying to convince his dad he should go in alone. But the father was adamant, until he saw the Scoutmaster and 2 other adults from our troop arrive. They carted him off and everyone finished bathing in peace, though it was awkwardly quiet as no one was talking/joking like before. Creepy dad was forced to go home early, with the scoutmaster paying out of his own pocket to refund CD's registration fees. My dad said that CD tried to have me expelled for being disrespectful to my seniors, to which my Scoutmaster said that if CD would have to first act like my senior before he would even consider it. CD was told that if he ever tried anything like that again, they'd call the cops and press charges.   After we got back (CD's son stayed, and rode home with me) CD's son was picked up by his mother, and every scout meeting after that, his mom was the one who dropped him off and picked him up. At least, that's the way it was until I left, last I heard he transferred troops, but I know my old Scoutmaster let the new troop know the situation with CD.
1	If I may use myself for an example:   I fell in love with Veigar when I started playing LoL. Played him almost  every  game for probably 400 games. I consider myself "better-than-average" with him.   If I had to play any champion other than him during that time frame, and I wasn't able to support, it was almost a guaranteed loss for our team - I had to make a smurf just to learn different roles vs. humans, because I felt I got my normal elo to a point in which you can't start training against the people you play against - they'll just outright stomp you.
1	Me as Janna support, duoing with a friend as Maokai jungle. We say in champion select that we'll be swapping, I first pick his jungle and he picks my support. But, as is always the way, a member of the team took Cho gath jungle (with smite) as well as the Maokai. There were a few words thrown around but eventually settled down and realised how strong out buff control was, 2 smites and a feast. We took all dragons before 25 minutes, but at the cost of 2 top towers, since cho had no teleport he had to walk to dragon and back. The enemy Twisted Fate was an exceptional player, I must admit, and basically caught out our team enough to push to mid inhibitor. We tried to fight back, but both Maokai and Cho'Gath built full tank, and as Support Janna our damage was lacking, enough that when TF ulted to our backline Corki and Orianna, we just couldn't kill him before he bursted down a carry. We surrendered shortly after
1	Dude I just played a game like that! We were doing an all-heal comp, Nami top, I was Kayle jungle, Nid mid, Sona and Taric bot lane. We got wrecked until I hit my fifth item, then I hard-carried from like 20 kills down and won. Turns out Kayle jungle is broken as fuck.
1	The only time I've played taric, my laptop was zooming along at 5 fps, so I tried to play support as best I could for a jackass Jarvan (I main Jarvan so this made me sad panda).   Long story short, he keeps berating me for sucking based on my low cs, completely oblivious to the fact I'm healing him constantly.   (Even more)
0	As a police officer, I 100% agree with all that you said. I wish more people understand the information you wrote here. It is complaints that drop not brutality to say. Because the jerk officers who are gonna be brutal and break the rules are gonna do it anyway (they are a very small % you just see all those stories in the news because officers saving lives by risking their own is not news but an officer going beyond use of force regulations is national news) So the camera's just give us the evidence we need when they do break the rules to fire them ASAP instead of going through the entire process which takes a long long time.   Understand that every time we arrest anyone for anything no matter how small or big (drug dealer, gang member, drunk, armed robber, etc) they complain we brutalized them or did something against their rights and then your tax dollars get wasted in the investigation which 99% ends up being completely BS and unfounded. If we had cameras than  we just show the ADA the tape and that complaint gets trashed in the first min of the case review.   However as you have also correctly said here it will also get those POS officers, who actually are abusing their powers, fired ASAP and off the streets. Nothing is worse for law enforcement than these morons who should have never been hired in the first place. It undermines good officers abilities to actually help people and wastes your tax dollars every time they do something insane and/or moronic.
0	I know it sounds bad OP, but lower your standards. Everyone finds super hot chicks desirable. But there are some people outta others leagues. I know this may also sound bad, but sometimes unattractive people are the most attractive in other ways. It's more about who you want to share your life with, than who you'd like to stick your penis in. Find someone who has an amazing personality, and loves you for you. I know you can do it dude. Believe in yourself!
0	You're just beginning to wonder eh?  Statistically, these individuals (plus more than the examples you listed) are psychologically unstable or at some point become radicalized ideologists.  This does not mean they are guranateed to show up on any NSA radar red-flagged list, ever.  Could they?  Sure, maybe.  But the most important thing to remember is this: in our modern complex society, especially in America where gun laws are lax and the number of weapons outnumbers the citizenry, these individuals  will always exist .  Tragedies will also  always occur , whether we label them terrorism or not is another issue. There is no justification for the killing of innocent people in any form, and guess what, the US is pretty effective at doing this as well, also under the guise of the "war on terror."  I think it's important to remember what Snowden said: that every year more people are killed by police officers and bathtub falls than terrorism.  In other words, living in fear of terrorists is probably not a smart way to direct policy.  Instead, how many additional innocent individuals die at the hands of US miliary operations like the drone program vs. what we see here on our own soil?   The supposed purpose of the NSA is surveillance against "terrorism" to help fight the "war on terror," but the reality of the program is simple: collect and store all data on all communications globally, so that they can be analyzed and scrutinized later, when/if necessary.  It's about control in the digital age. This has many benefits from espionage/war to profit, but solely about control of the citizenry.  It's all how you sell it to the public.  Imagine the dollars that can be brought in if the erosion of rights continues and inter-agency sharing (like the DEA) also made legal down the road. Imagine if everything you do, write and say is recorded, just like this.  Imagine if just like your FICO score, you receive an NSA score for "possibility to radicalize," or "views contrary to the state," or "anti-capitalist," etc.  For example, how much $ can be funnelled into the prison-industrial complex with the crazy terms for controlled substances?  How big of a competitive edge does this system give us against the world, specifically our adversaries who pose threats to US interests and imperialism?  The Pentagon has been foaming at the mouth over this for the last decade at least.
0	Yep. I'm officially a week out. We were planning on moving in together. She said she couldn't handle things right now and that she needed a break. Since we broke up, I've had 0 motivation, and I think/dream about her constantly. In every single dream she comes back and I explain what I want to explain to her so bad. that I know I have some growing up to do but that I don't want to lose her because of that. She understands and that's when I wake up. And then it's just a feeling of dread sadness and guilt. I'm trying to be respectful and give her space in the hope that she'll talk to me again. But unfortunately I have a friend who "blogs". I happened to read an entry about her. And I just feel like I'm broken. I wrote her an email after a few days. She still hasn't replied. I check my phone everyday. Every time it dings my heart does a front flip. Then every time it's spam mail about "going away on vacation". Bleh
0	yeah, every single time I've been in this situation, I've not been laughing and gleeful about it with girlfriends. This situation usually makes me feel like a deer in headlights because it's awkward. I think the best thing to do is just say 'I have a boyfriend' because when I don't say that there have been occasions where guys want to keep trying to convince me. Isn't 'I have a boyfriend' direct and honest enough?
1	Like the reply below, my number one reason for banning Yasuo is because, indeed, he's annoying.   However, let me toss in the concept of  skill amplification  or however one would like to call it. People often like to mention some champions as hard to play and what not - Lee Sin I suppose would be an example people like to use.   Say you're having an incredible game with someone like old Sona - you're playing ideally, irking the most of her kit. At the same time, the enemy Lee Sin is playing like a god from the jungle, channeling his inner Korean to not only gank the shit out of all lanes early, but imposes favorable skirmishes and crazy initiations for the rest of the game. Now tell me which team is more likely to win the game. Sona mains would also tell you that rolling perfect power chords and abilities right for the situation is hardly as easy as people would claim. The reality of it is that a Sona would simply be rewarded less for good play, but also avoids punishment to the same degree as a Lee Sin for a poor performance.   Now you got stuff like champion matchups as well. Ponder Katarina vs. a team lacking crowd control/interrupts. You'd probably argue that it's up to x champion in your comp to make sure she's shut down in teamfights. While everyone will still have jobs to do, a lot of the game's outcome will depend on that matchup.   Now we come to how I feel about Yasuo. While I as a support main will generally have tools to squander a Yasuo's play, a good one will make my life a living hell. The guy can dodge most of my skillshots with ease and even thwart targeted abilities. He can even completely crush initiations on targets that otherwise would be in overextension and easy pickings.   In short, whenever an enemy Yasuo knows what he's doing, my job becomes several times more difficult and frustrating, because he will leverage the advantage of being a strong Yasuo pretty hard.
1	I love how he starts off saying that as support you are not your team's bitch. I just had a game yesterday where I was the only one warding the entire game using sightstone and ruby sightstone. Team was complaining I wasn't warding enough. I was warding constantly but their tank had oracle's and my wards weren't lasting. I was already hardly getting any gold and I didn't want to waste it on more wards. I was trying to build my bulwark for the team.
0	Building off what some others have said. I am 24 at Uni and ever since freshman year I have been involved in whatever was going on. There is always a party or girls or bars and always drinks. Last year my best friend growing up committed suicide and my adventures got out of control. With absolutely no exaggeration in the months between April 2011 and August of 2012 I blacked out more than 50 times, lost a job after trying to kill myself by taking a bottle of Welbutrin then going to work (the effects are scary as shit). I also wound up in the hospital 4 times with alcohol poisoning, wrecked my car twice and finally got a DUI. I left damaged relationships in my wake.   Don't get me wrong I had a fair amount of fun. There are always girls willing to fuck and people willing to buy you drinks to keep the party going, but at some point it gets depressing. Its the same goal each night. Drink, fuck, and try not to die or get arrested. Eventually I realized that the sex wasn't worth it because I didn't even remember anything but blacked out snapshots anyway. I threw away my health and grades for it all, not to mention an exorbitant amount of money.   All of the friends that I went out with are still friends. We still talk and see each other occasionally, but its different. On the outside looking in to the nightmare that I went through, it seems like an abyss containing nothing but despair and pain. I wish I could pull them out too, but they are smart. They will figure it  out soon.   I haven't drank since September 20th of 2012 and it has completely turned my life around. I'm a straight A student now after switching to Chem Eng, and I've realized that I meet more friends now than I did before. Lasting friends. I have 2 jobs at school that are pretty sweet. I teach with a girl that is in the women of (My School) calendar, and I've been inspired to learn German by the hot german girl I sit next to in one of my classes. So friends may be lost, but simultaneously opportunities and better friends will be thrown at your face like dicks at a bukkake.
1	I don't think people realize how amazing an item Guardian Horn is. Every game I've played as a melee champ, I just start GHorn and boots. Actually makes it insanely easy, because for only 1k you are getting 12 hp5, some health, and an amazing initiate/escape active.   If you are losing as 5 melee, you aren't turtling like you should. Just have everyone get GHorn and boots to heal and avoid skillshots. Make sure someone builds a Bulwark, turtle till late game, and GG.
0	Good for you OP, I was in the same situation with my Ex and have come to accept that I should have done something sooner. I'm now in therapy and trust me, everyday is hard. I was verbally and emotionally harassed and abused on a near daily basis. It sucked, and what's worse was that I was living in China with her... It was very hard to get away since everyone in her family belongs to the communist party of China. She has threatened me so many times to the point that I was scared for my life. I'm scared of what her family could do to me if things escalated further. As a foreign, we have little rights in China with so many corrupt officials and her father even has access to a database to access the whereabouts of foreigners in China.   I left for my safety and I'm never going back to Inner Mongolia and I still fear what the future holds for me there when I return to school this summer in Hangzhou. It's been since August and she still harasses me by calling from different phone numbers and hacking into my Weixin accounts and creating fake accounts to spam me with. She is even demanding money from me "or else..."   Trust me, I'm still very scared of her and her family. But there's no reason anyone should go through what I'm going through. I consider myself strong enough to get through this, but when I explained this to my therapist, she nearly had a heart attack from my stories.   I wish you the best of luck and I wish you have a speedy recovery. I know I have many more months of therapy ahead and that my trust in women won't be back for a while, not before my self-confidence comes back at least.
1	Hardly long enough for a
0	This is a very educated reply, thank you. People fail to realize that the civil war wasn't even about slavery at all. It was about state's rights. Slavery was a sub-issue of states rights, and one of the keynote points that ignited the war because an end to slavery would cripple the south's then agriculture-dominated economy.   What the flag represents is:     Standing up for what you believe in     Not backing down to misplaced authority or the will of others who don't have the right to oppress you. The Southerners believed that the Federal Gov't, and The North by extension after the secession of the southern states, wanted to take away the right of the states to impose their own laws upon their land and their people.     Pride in who your ancestors were and what brought you and your family to where you are today, regardless of the circumstances (what they fought for, etc).      As far as I know, I don't even have ancestors who participated in the war and if I do I don't know who they are or what side they fought for. But from what I do know, my family has strong roots in The South and I was born and raised here and have pride in my family and my heritage although I do not support slavery or the oppression of any people on any unjust grounds at all.
0	The best way to motivate yourself is to not think about the long term goal, it's just too big, too far away.  Find a way to really fucking enjoy the thing that just happens to take you in that direction.  Want to get in shape but hate working out at a gym..don't go to a gym.  Take a dance or martial arts class.  The end goal becomes irrelevant and you end up getting there despite yourself.
1	If I click statistics it say summoner's rift ranked and shows me mostly champs I played in 3v3 ranked on twisted treeline because I mainly played 3v3 this season (only played 6soloq games).   Dunno if there is anyway to difference the stats out of the riot API...
1	Ignore the trolls.  You're low ELO, pre-30 so it doesn't matter.  If you're not actually making mistakes, then ignore them.  If you are, then fix them.   This is something I actually like about the LoL community- if I'm being bitched out, I either deserve it or they're trolls.  If they're trolling, I don't care - but if I'm playing bad, I strive to improve.  Look at it as positive peer pressure, don't make the same mistakes over and over again.   Forget your win loss ratio, it doesn't matter outside of ranked.  Until you're in the 10s-20s and starting to understand the game, you won't be a driving force being determining your wins and losses.   Stop playing versus bots - it's a completely different game style.
1	You're missing the part where gg is a phatic expression. While you could argue if it is or isn't, I'll continue as if it were.   "Hey, what's up?"   "Not much, yourself?"   That above is a phatic exchange. There was no communication of information and it serves mostly as a way of establishing social acknowledgement. People do this all the time.   This is not an issue of game analysis. This is not an issue of whoever was feeding or playing well or decorating their base with a drawing of a penis with wards.   GG has no information except for the acknowledgement of the other team and has little room for interpretation. To ensure being a graceful winner, I only say it after the enemy does first.
1	I always thought having a 2 barrel shotgun shoot 3 bullets in a cone was wierd. Long time ago i thought of a Q change that involves shooting 2 big projectiles one after the other(to match the weapon), something like Fioras gap closer (you can activate it a second time for no cost in the next 3 secs or so) the projectile would have a width and range similar to Lulu's glitter lance. The second projectile would deal damage depending on the distance between the unit hit and Graves  (less sdistance, more damage) or the second one dealing more damage if the first projectile hit. This way you can use E or W between Qs. Also thought of extra damage to enemies inside his smokescreen, % armor pen or simple damage amplification, with this maybe his ult would feel more satisfying.  Hope my ideas help.
1	Considering that C9 was pretty much skillcapped (except for Sneaky imo), this is a risk worth taking. They werent gonna get much better than they were, which was showing, just think about it. First split, they dominate, not even a competition in their region. Second split, TSM has a great start and looks to be the strongest team again, but C9 gets it together and pulls through, taking a 3-0 in playoffs over TSM. Third split looks rough, eventhough they again pull it together at the end, but this time they lose the finals 3-2 to TSM. 4th split, they get their lowest regular season placing ever (2nd, lol) and lose the finals 3-1, also almost getting 3-0'd by Liquid.
1	The only problem I have with this argument is the fact that a role swap doesn't magically make Zuna a shot-caller.  From what you describe, it already sounds like Zuna has been making calls the entire split, but they still threw games.   The two counter-arguments to me are that Zuna being in a less mechanical role will give his mind the freedom to think more about the game, kind of like qtpie syndrome.  However, what I say to that is, I don't believe Zuna is actually all that knowledgeable about the game.  For this I refer back to the start.  If Zuna has been shouting all split and people liked to hear him yell and listen to him, then why didn't they win more often in the first place?
0	I have three kids.  We went to Home Depot to look at flooring.  I walked out with a machete after convincing my wife it was a sound financial decision.  Who has ever regretted having a machete?  She got me a couple pirate swords (mostly for display but I carried them with me a couple times when we heard a bump in the night when we lived in a shitty neighborhood).   My oldest boy is still into trains and dinosaurs mostly.  I have a shitload of lego blocks, nerf guns, water guns, cap guns, etc. that I'm trying to get him into.  We sword fight with dowel rods.  Basically he swings his at me and I try to block it (which works like 9 out of 10 times).   There's nothing that complicated about raising most kids.  It's difficult, hard work a lot of times but it's not that treacherous/confusing.
1	Nice read. We already had a lot calculations about HP vs Resistances, but a really nice
0	A Yule log is a large log which is burned in the hearth as a part of traditional Yule or Christmas celebrations in some cultures. The origins of the Yule log can be traced back to the Midwinter festivals in which the Norsemen indulged in nights filled with feasting, "drinking Yule" and watching the fire leap around the log burning in the home hearth. The ceremonies and beliefs associated with the Yule log's sacred origins are closely linked to representations of health, fruitfulness and productivity.   To many Europeans, the Yule log was believed to bring beneficial magic and was kept burning for at least twelve hours and sometimes as long as twelve days, warming both the house and those who resided within. When the fire of the Yule log was finally quenched, a small fragment of the wood would be saved and used to light the next year's log. It was also believed that as long as the Yule log burned, the house would be protected from witchcraft. The ashes that remained from the sacred Yule log were scattered over fields to bring fertility, or cast into wells to purify and sweeten the water.
0	I was on a military deployment, at the end a friend of mine was trying to sell his dvd player for 20 dollars, and his TV for 40, both were worth half again that much. My friend had to leave on a jet later that day. This one guy said he was interested in them, then at the last moment offered 10 dollars, and 20 dolalrs for the DVD player/TV player respectively. My friend took a sledge hammer and crushed the DVD player so he could watch the little pieces go flying.
1	I did not abandon my old tier list format. I mention in the article as to why I did not do the 5 types tier list.
1	It you scale upon a scale the damage ratio will get insane so lets say your q does 100 with ad scale of .5% and use 100 AD so you get would deal 150dmg now let say up max rank it and now does 400 dmg and your level 18 and its scales up .1% every level so your at 2.3% AD and your still at 100 AD(I am using this to make it very simple) so that is now 630 damage... as opposed to 150. Okay imagine your AD is 300, that 690 + rank 4 base of 400...that 1090 damage on single ability...thats a HUGE chunk of health for anyone, so its too much damage for anyone to take 3 or 4 of thsoe attacks.
0	Hello,   If you are in the UK, I would suggest talking to Citizen advice, but keep all the e-mails, especially about asking about training up people higher than you. If people with less experience than you that are new are getting more money, or that you are having to deal with training up those above you, they are unfairly paying you - something that you could get them in trouble for.   Sometimes the best course of action is don't train up the others with "I'm sorry but I don't feel comfortable training someone who is at a higher level than me - you have hired them based on their experience." Do this only by e-mail, include HR and if they ask to talk directly to you, state that you will only converse via e-mail or with an independent person there.   With it comes to training up new staff, go a long the lines of "I'm sorry but I don't feel comfortable training up these staff members when you have others in the team who, due to their official seniority, would be better suited to ensure a better level of respect - it is not suitable for someone at their level to train them up." You could also use the above as technically they could be classed as higher up as they are being paid more.   Basically keep records of everything you do and raise an e-mail before all of this to HR with "I need to highlight that that level of work that I, X, Y and Z do it XX% of the department - please find evidence of my level of work load included. I need to highlight this due to the expectation of mentoring new staff and training senior staff even though I am limited to XXXXX position. Despite being with the organisation for 3 years, new staff who are starting at the same level will be earning more than me, while I am teaching senior staff due to my clear expertise and also evidence of pulling more than my own weight within the department. I will be talking to Citizens Advice concerning this as it is clear unfair pay due to a discrimination against me for various reasons. Please can you we discuss how you will ensure that this is lawfully corrected."   Before you send the e-mail save all your e-mails and levels of work. All conversations at this point should be only by e-mail or with someone independent - otherwise they will try to screw you.   Job hunt though - this will just happen at every level otherwise! It is just worth doing this to a. make them realise that they can't do this and others at hte business will get wind of it and b. it will put a spanner in the works so that you are either given a tempory pay rise or leave everything in ruin after you go.   If they fire you, it is unfair dissmissal, if they don't it is clearly forced dismissal and if they give you and rise and then give you hell it is bully/harressment.   They are taking advantage of you, and I have seen this too many times. This is only based on what I and others around me in the UK have dealt with. If your not in the UK, you should really talk to someone from your country (and do that anyway). Talking to someone even before you send an e-mail to HR and stating that in the E-mail (and CCing them in) will give you more clout!   I really hope that helps a little.
0	Really wish I could up vote you more than once. I have a semi-similar situation, except that I am overweight and no "physical" evidence of an injury. I have a triple disc herniation that makes standing for more than a few minutes or walking a few hundred feet intolerable. The problem is that this injury is not visible as there are no braces or casts. Unless you see me attempting to hobble/walk or bend over, you wouldn't know I had this injury. What people see externally is just a mild limp or hobble, but internally I am screaming because of the pain and just trying to walk like a normal human being so that I won't get asked what's wrong. I hate asking for help and hate even worse not being able to physically do something due to an injury.   I have a handicap tag for my vehicle and nearly every time I park and get out, I get looks. All they see is an overweight 22 year old who looks like he is misusing handicap parking because of laziness. I don't dare use the scooters because if just parking gets me those looks, God knows what would happen in the store. It is because of this that I only shop at one grocery store anymore because they have very tall shopping carts that allow me to lean on as I walk to take pressure off my back so that I can actually buy groceries. This mentality of quick judgement drives me insane. Do some people misuse these types of things? Definitely. Regardless, it is not your place to judge. Looks can be deceiving, don't take someone as lazy by just looking at them. You have NO idea what they have been through or what it takes them simply to get to that store.
1	No that gets way too complicated when it comes to matching.  So then some of the options for wanting to go top become...   > Top with damage duo bot lane > Top with support duo bot lane > Duo top bruiser bot > Duo top adc bot   It just gets ridiculous.  You have to account for all the different strategies (like sending two top) as well as for different metas such as potentially having an ADC play alone in bottom... or any of the other countless metas.
1	Today I wanted to test Corki and practice some last hitting since I watched a video with Ocelote playing Cas and using the "a" key to last hit which I found interesting. Anyways I ran intro this two dudes and decided to ignore them and practice without pushing any towers. You could imagine the in-game chat, personally I found it to be sad and hilarious at the same time because they were saying "Corki fail", "fker", "fagg" (yes with double g) etc and I was wondering what is going on and was laughing the whole game probably.
0	Well at least theres treatment for that, a friend of mine has been taking finasterine with quite some effect, you could try it, its the most common prescribed drug against baldness.   The downsides are however the price(insurance covers it in holland maybe it does where you live aswell) and the possible sideffects (which are quite severe, but rare)   You said your hairline was receding, how are your dad and granddads doing in that aspect? In most cases thats a fairly good indication of how you'll turn out, I thought I was going bald aswell recently, but luckily in my case it stopped receding (same as my dad).   I'm sure you'll be okay, first try to find out if you're really going bald, then, start working on a cure asap, you'll be fine
0	See here's where it's different. The game starts when it starts. So you have no choice but to kick back and drink a beer while watching a game whether or not that game is starting at 10am or 6am for that matter. But that movie on netflix that you're starting at 10 in the morning? You can start that at any time of the day. Chances are if you're starting your day with netflix, you're probably going to be watching it all day anyway. Which would mean that you're also going to be drinking all day.   EDIT:
0	I feel like ADD/ADHD is over diagnosed and it's the result of shitty parents who have their kids watching TV/playing games as their only source of stimulation as opposed to forcing them to go outside and expend all that's energy.
1	Ezreal's Q (and while we're at it Gangplank's) is an EXTENDED AUTO ATTACK, and just so happens to have extra base damage. Same as GP. The difference is, GP's can crit, refunds half mana on kill, gives money and is targetted while Ezreal's CAN'T crit, is a skillshot but has a much larger range and gives him a slight CD refresh on all his abilities when hit, while only having 4-3 seconds of a CD itself.
0	I live in a college town. Small house with two other roommates.  The scumbag roommate has chosen a wonderful scumbag bf.  He is one of those guys who follows his friends to college, but never went.  Just wanted to live his life as a college dude minus the actual going to college part.  He lived elsewhere in town until he got kicked out of his house.  Not paying rent, didn't get along with his roommates, I don't care.  His mom ends up playing the "you're moving back home" card seeing as he has no home, job, or car and he goes away.   No more freeloader right? Wrong!   He comes down to visit for a weekend with some other SS buddy who has a car. This buddy even went as far to question why I was living in my own house.  They do their weekend things, I do my own weekend things.  Pretty sure they leave on a Sunday and the house is back to just the three of us.   Once the week starts back up, I start to hear some random noises and what not in the house. I figure it is just the age of the house or one of my roommates who was home when I thought they weren't.  Random thought comes to my mind that we can't be too sure if he actually left seeing as he has no car.  My non-scumbag roommate and I realize that this may very well be the case. She decides to go knock on scumbag roommate's door and sure enough he is there having been watching Dragonball Z for about 3 days straight!   And of course the first thing out of his mouth is "Sup?"
0	For me, I went to high school in the 90s. I'm 34. There was no standardized testing. I came into high school with the intention of graduating in the 11th grade. But having a sibling only 2 grades ahead of me, who was the class clown, put a predisposed outlook by the teachers on me. A lot of them didn't give me the time of day to prove myself. Also the teachers didn't care. In the school system I was at if a student struggled, it was their fault no one else's. If you couldn't grasp material or understand it, the students fault. Teachers only helped those they favored or showed "potential". It wasn't until my senior year, I had two teachers who really showed interest in what I do and told me about my full potential.   But because my GPA was so terrible, the local community college said either I wait a couple of years then enroll by taking a placement test or enroll now but use my transcripts for  placement; which meant starting from the very bottom in all classes. i.e. 050 level classes. I choose the first option and got a full time job right after high school. Once I decided to go back to school, I was mature enough to understand things and know it's all on me. Got my Associates first, graduated with a 3.5GPA, from my community college then transferred to the local University, where the story ends.
0	I'm not trying to be a troll.   I think this is a reflection of a failure on the teacher or the question. If you want me to solve a problem using only the methods outlined on the exam, you should provide me with a problem that  requires  me to to use that method.   I understand where you're coming from, but I take issue with the fact that students are discouraged to think creatively to solve problems. Yes, I understand that's not what you're  trying  to do, but it's what's happening. From a student's perspective, by not being able to produce problems that require one method, you're demonstrating why that method is not worth learning.   For example, I was taught how to do calculus before I took business mathematics (yay college...). When I came to a problem involving finding the "maximum price" for blah blah blah given equation X. I realized it was simply finding where the derivative is zero. Wham,bam, power rule and I had that thing done in two lines. Did I get credit? Nope. Because I didn't do the time-consuming and long method (I think it was Foil or quadratic equation) that the teacher put up.   Where, in that situation, would I need to use a longer method? If he wanted me to use the quadratic equation or foil or whatever, he should have given me a problem where I could use no other method.
1	I often wonder this too. Essentially you are  buying it for the two passives (spellblade and rage), the movement speed and the health and mana (as AS, crit chance AP and AD are pretty much null on him).   The big appeal is the spellblade passive which does an extra 240 damage (at level 18). This is pretty much the same as adding 240 stacks to your q (as the cooldown is roughly the same as the cooldown for spell-blade with 40% cdr and you proc the passive with your q normally).   What I take from this is that it is less and less efficient as the game goes on (as 240 stacks on q is less %-wise). So the earlier in the game you have it, the 'better' it is. This being said I do not think it's a good early item. Buying tri-force early means you have no money to spend on cooldown reduction (which I adore on Nasus). In a lane if I am going even or better I will try to rush cooldown reduction as early as possible (Glacial Shroud, Ionian Boots, Kindlegem + masteries for 40% cdr). I usually later upgrade my glacial shroud into a Gauntlet or Frozen Heart (and sell my boots later on when I've gotten my cdr from elsewhere.
0	That is such an incredibly strong and passionate thing for you to do for yourself. I can't express to you right now how much I would give to have the strength you have, and, additionally, remind you just how much control you have over the entire situation and your entire life right now. You absolutely have control. Absolute control.   I was upset a bit this year because I was alone... again... but seeing all the "You're So Special" and heart-shaped balloons reminded me that, even if I am not the one experiencing love at that moment in time, I am soooo goddamn grateful that humans have the capability of feeling love. It's really hard not to cry just typing that! But I really am truly comforted knowing that love is a true thing somewhere... Like, honestly, if you think about it, there's a good change that somewhere, at any second in time, is feeling true love!! Of the 7 billion people on the Earth.... it HAS to happen!! I think that's great!!   I know I've rambled... I'm sorry!!! But I definitely have been to dark places before (not saying anywhere near where you have been... not trying to belittle), but I have decided I want to stop thinking about hate and, any time the word "hate" enters my mind, I STOP... and think about the things I LOVE. Could be the dumb shit I love like my car and driving and the sound my car makes when I haul ass or the feeling I get when I take a turn too fast and my car starts to lose grip of the road....  it's dumb stuff, but I love it!! Sure, I cry a lot... but IDK... I think life is a passionate thing and you are going to feel extremes and that is completely okay!!! I love that I can feel and I love that I can take a step back and realize I can feel. : )   Maybe this won't help you in the slightest.... but I see what you did (selling the gun) to be a HUGE, brave step!! The fact you sold the gun... you did what you did... tells me soooo much. You're protecting yourself. You DO love yourself : )  I love that!!!!! I can't believe I thought my Valentines stunk!!! I really want to give you a hug!!! You really deserve it for the hard work you just did in selling that gun!!!   I've typed too much now!!!
0	It's like this. You can like or dislike what you will, but that is your own personal subjective choice. What makes you a bitch is not.   For example, maybe someone sucks cock for money. Perhaps they dislike being called a whore, slut, prostitute, cocksucker, whatever. But hopefully they can refrain from using this tired-ass Morpheus meme to back sass people by saying something like "what if I told you I just like sucking dick and sometimes money is cool."   Now what you say is probably a factual statement. I'm sure lots of people don't so much care for driving stick, hence the otherwise inexplicable popularity of manual transmissions. Nevertheless, if it walks like a bitch, drives like a bitch (and above all, bitches on the Internet about its friends teasing it like a bitch) there is definitely a non-zero probability of its (your) being a bitch.
1	This may ridicule me a bit, but I think it's important information that could help pinpoint the problem:   I get the exact same freeze, for the exact same amount of time that I get when I start the LoL client, whenever I enter Runescape's main website on Internet Explorer 11. (Yes, I use IE and still play RS).   If I start the LoL client first after booting then when I enter the Runescape website, the freeze doesn't happen and vice versa. The freeze only happens once per computer start for both things that can cause it, not one for each. Also, if I enter the Runescape website using any other browser, the freeze never happens (but will still happen if I log into the LoL client).   I don't know how these two may be related, and don't have an ongoing support ticket on the issue, but I hope someone reading this will be able to use it somehow.
1	Psychology also has so much to do with why people rage at eachother. Whenever you see someone who's not performing well still raging at their teammates, they'll likely suffer from cognitive dissonance. They have an imagine of themselves as very skilled players, yet they don't see themselves performing very well. Rather than adjusting their self-image, a lot of people prefer to make themselves feel better about themselves by downplaying their teammates or their opponents, however illogical that might seem.
0	I agree, I don't think I'm overly attractive; but this one time I was getting onto a bus and I asked how much it was to get to where I wanted to go and the bus driver said "it's normally 2.80 but your a good looking chap so have it for 2.40 ... I'm not gay".
1	I used to play with my ex's (more than one hahaha) and well it legit ruin our relationships because I was in bronze and they were in High Gold or Plat and refused to teach me how to properly do things and then made fun of me for being bad, obviously this upset me and they got their friends to laugh at me too. So
1	I was listening to the casters commentating at the dreamhack stream that both CLG (prime and e.u.) have similar strategies, one of them being that they focus on late-game team composition. TSM can be very aggressive when they feel the time is right, which has been working wonders for them. And when they play agaisnt CLG, they tend to be aggressive in all their lanes - this is why Chaox and Xpecial always beat Doublelift and Chauster in  laning phase . Xpecial is super aggressive and does a great job at zoning. Reginald, for e.g., has a tendency to beat jiji because jiji is always passive (like scarra).   However, late game (around that ~35-40 min mark), Doublelift is farmed up and compensates his laning losses through incredible team fights. His mechanics and reflexes are, IMO, better than Chaox's, albeit Chaox's decision making is far superior.
1	Any real mvp online to give some
0	Dude...5 years. Wow. You need friends. A social circle. You need people that can introduce you to girls that you will then talk to as part of a group. Clubs are probably not your thing. All good. Make friends with some girls that are married or in a relationship. They will have friends that are girls that are single. Don't be creepy or desperate.
0	Having accidentally gotten out of the friend zone several times, here's what I've learned.     ALL girls like nice guys. If you're nice, there's no reason that a girl can't find you sexy. Unfortunately, many guys think that nice means that you have to agree with everything she says, never look out for yourself, never talk about sex, and be a needy relationship guy. Would YOU want any of that in a girl?     Assholes can be boring too, and "nice guys" always think that assholes are the victors. Nope. Only the interesting ones. Think about the stereotypical lead guitarist who rides a motorcycle. He has legions of fans that come to watch him perform at night, and he rides a fun machine. He may be a dick to old ladies during the day, but damn - women want to be with him and will deal with the asshole qualities. If he was actually nice too, it'd simply be icing on the cake.     Most guys who identify as sexless "nice" guys are boring. Believe it or not girls like sex. But if you try to build the right situation or subtly lead her to sex or a relationship, you run the risk of making her think that you're being manipulative (even if you're not). Some girls will just shut you down then and there. Other girls look at all you've been doing and go "Wow - FINALLY! A guy that can be a good friend to me without wanting anything more!" BOOM Friendzoned.     I think that women probably can find even fat obese guys sexy as long as they're interesting. If you're on your computer all day and have no friends or outside social life, you don't fall into this category. If you're outgoing, fun, interesting, have hobbies, would rather go out than stay in, AND YOU'LL GO OUT FOR NO PARTICULAR REASON, and you live life fearlessly - then you'll look attractive to women. You don't need to play games (pickup artists), or be skinny. One of my buddies is quite obese, but he's one of the coolest guys I know. I've only seen pictures of his wife, but holy shit - she's hot. And tiny. And you know what? I haven't been buddies with him long, but I can tell that his personality, outgoingness, and the way that I can believe him when he shows me a pic of his hot wife tell me that those qualities are exactly what got him a hot wife (now I have no idea if she's a good wife or not, but she's definitely hot, and 2 kids prove that he's sexing her up).     Being friendzoned permanently by some girl means you're officially out of the running. Crap. Only 3,499,999,999 women left!! WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO!?!?! If you're in the friend zone, why not ask her to go out with you to hang (which is what friends do), and she can help you meet some girls (girls like guys who have girl friends by the way).
0	I recently graduated with a civil engineering degree as well.  My advice to you is to apply somewhere far from home where you feel not a lot of people are interested.   As a student I spent 2 summers working in but fuck nowhere northern canada.  My gpa was total horseshit but they hired me cuz I was on the list of maybe 3 engineers who applied.  Anyway, fast forward a few years to graduation and because I was a rare graduate with work experience, I had my pick of job offers from Australia, North America and Europe (all about $60k usd).
1	That'd be fine if the Watermark they introduced was something more than a half hour of work. Or the Icon was any good.   We all can agree that Riot fucked up by making skins Limited. That was a bad decision. It took them 2 years to realize people want older skins and willing to get them.   However, those skins being free doesn't give anything of value to the owner. I've said this again, and I'll say it once more.   For a person who owns one or two of those skins, they get around 10$ which shouldn't be that big of a deal.   And for people who own majority of those skins, they'll get a reasonable amount of RP. However, the RP doesn't matter much for them. These people played the game long enough that they don't have enough IP/RP sinks. They have champions, runes and most likely the skins they want. And even if they didn't, I doubt most of them would trade a one in a million skin for a random skin on the shop.   However, it did not work as Riot originally intended. And these people got something more valuable than planned.   Now here comes the tricky part, should ethically being wrong to sell these skins stop Riot from doing so? From a short sighted cash grab stand point, No. However, being short sighted and greedy are the reasons they are here, having these issues today. It's a delicate situation to be handled by educated people, which I am not. So I'm assuming they went out and checked around.   There's not much to do to make both parties happy. Majority of people saying it's OK to release these skins say that they want it, because they like the skin itself. Which is fine. So they'll be on the shop for a while and be FESTIVE like originally planned, instead of RARE.   The LE owners, including me, say that the compensation is not enough. I think the icon has no real connection to the skins I've bought. And I think watermark is just going to make already shitty borders and badges in loading screen worse, It's already crowded as it is. Most of us don't care about RP so don't give us any. -And let's be realistic here, getting back your money directly from Riot won't happen.- Give us something of exclusive value. I don't know what, maybe Icons for the skins we owned. Or a Ward skin. However, Whatever it may be, it must mean something to THESE PLAYERS. And this time to be strictly limited to those players.   So, new comers get the skin they thought they loved. And older people keep their exclusive feeling in their accounts.   The only problem I can see with this logic is that majority of people who do not get ward skin or icons, crying all over for them again. Which should be the hit Riot has to take because they fucked up. And they should tell these people to be happy because they got the skins they've all asked for.   They shouldn't just take out of something valuable for these people and think it's ok. When the players themselves say it is not.
0	That sounds wonderful. I'm not saying that you don't HAVE to spend a lot, since you obviously found it appropriate to find something beautiful for her, and you found it at a good price.
0	I've been in the workforce for 15 years through half a dozen companies. Get used to this kind of thing, it seems to be extremely common.   My understanding of it is that psychopaths interview extremely well: after all the energy that you or I pour into doing a good job has been diverted for them into presenting a completely false persona of competence; so they're really good at it!   So they get the jobs over people who know a lot and perform well, and perhaps are even socially normal, but don't talk at a mile a minute (baffling brains with bullshit) while papering over their many faults with lies and more lies. These people also tend to have a lot of misplaced confidence and so appear confident and reliable that they can get the job done; but they can't.   Also befuddling is that companies continue to keep these people on the payroll as seat warmers even after they've completely failed every reasonable metric for the 3-6 month probation period. But again... they present well and talk over it.
1	How pathetic... How is this "arrogance and xenophobia ? Are you able to make a statement without relating everything to the ultimate evil etc ? Can you understand without approving ?   The law in Frnce requires this because English is supremely cool here. Every song, every ad is cooler in english (or at least, it's what it seems to be). In these days of English language supremacy (globalisation blablabla), authorities have a concern that some domains would use too much english (like ads for example).   Not because "we're french we talk french goddammit !". Or at least not only. The problem is that every communication agency wants to use english when, as it has been said, we suck major dicks in english, generally speaking. As an educated student who's fluent in english, I'm the first to be annoyed by this fact, but hey, c'est la vie. Then, if all ad companies used English, th problem is that not even a third of the citizens would understand the ad. Or, worse, they would understand it wrong, leading to legal problems (basically, ads using people's ignorance to abuse their trust). It's all related to the clarity and straightforwardness of the ad, to avoid legal concerns.   I want to add as well that, unlike US, France doesn't brag about being a melting-pot country. You do whatever you want with spanish, I don't see how France should do the same. Also I see you have a US-centrism problem, using arguments like "wtf in US erryone would get mad" as if what US do should be the norm. Sadly for you, more people are outside US than inside US.
0	Agreed. However the other thing people don't look at (as far as tips are concerned), is the amount of skill/effort needed to get the larger tips. Lets take bartenders for example. Speaking from experience, the female bartenders I have come across can just act ditsy, make mistakes on a regular basis, and follow up with the "oh its just the blonde showing", and they still get tipped. The male bartenders have to be able to make excellent conversation, be relate-able to the customer, and do the job without any mistakes to get a decent tip. Oh the girl isn't making tips one night? The next day she'll just wear a low cut top and BAM, makes more than anyone else there.
0	It all depends on your definition of your 'deity' and 'stupid'. For some people, 'stupid' means someone who is stupid across all spheres of life. For some people, 'stupid' means momentary stupidity. For some people, 'stupid' means someone who doesn't apply their intelligence in a particular field of life. People who follow an organized religion and believe in obscure things(deities) with absolute certainty can be classified as 'stupid' under the third definition.Think of unicorns or FSM or tooth-fairy or the myth of Hercules. Almost everyone would classify a person as 'stupid' under the third definition if the person has absolute belief in any of those things. Absolute belief in 'Yahweh' or 'Shiva' or any interventionist deity who'll save you when in need , is no different. Absolute belief in the literal interpretation of The Testaments or The Koran is no different (gnostic theism is 'stupid'). If your definition of 'deity', however, just pertains to a creator ( as in creator of the universe) and you are not absolutely sure that it is true; that will put you among the rare breed of agnostic theists. There are two kinds of agnostic theists - people who fell over to Pascal's wager and spiritualists. People who fall over to Pascal's wager usually tend to follow one particular organized cult ( one of those popular religions out there) again making the same act of 'stupidity' gnostic theists make. Spiritualists are usually not worshippers, but tend to acknowledge their belief in a creator ( they believe in the possibility of a creator more than that the non-possibility of a creator), but they profess their ignorance on the certainty of the question - there is nothing stupid about that.
0	Depends on what you are focusing on. It's called stereotyping. If he sees a young black male with a hoody over his head he said he gets scared. Is it wrong to think this even though there are incidents that make this scenario true? I don't think so. Is it offensive? Yes to the majority of black males who are amazing citizens and have no reason for someone to fear them. But is it rational and safe to assume the worst? Yep.   What about the white dude with his face tatted up? Do I think it possible that the dude could be an amazingly religious, conservative individual and that he wants nothing more than to simply pass by and nothing to do with me? Sure...   The point is that we spend our entire lives stereotyping everything. From what a hamburger tastes like to what a rap musician looks like to how sane homeless people are.   The fact that he said a black kid in a hoodie and the white dude was tatted up had nothing to do with the degree in which each race has to go to be considered dangerous. If you see a white male in a gang-themed outfit you're going to go to the other side of the road as well.   It is and remains that the fact of the matter is that we as a human race are very shallow and our first impressions come from our sight. If we see something that looks dangerous, we're going to avoid it.
1	My girlfriend and I got in a huge fight just as my game loaded, got to lane killed two minions and the tears started to flow, so I had to afk to console her, moments later our Akali dc'd. Came back 15 minutes in at level with no outer towers remaining.   We fought hard as 4 for at least 20 minutes, then Akali showed up. The enemy team had us aced twice while killing our Nexus only to have it saved by us, or in the one case saved by a trollhibitor.   We fought hard and ended up winning the 3,4,5v5 thanks to our heroic vayne and great peel from Rammus, Braum and myself.   Anyway the point is....it is still winnable. So I'm glad my team didn't ff without me.
1	Silence denies the enemy champions of vital abilities, not to mention it can interrupt huge abilities with a cast time. Oh you were hoping to use your ulti to secure that kill? Nope. Silenced. Plus her heal, plus her own ulti to heal again, and you've successfully saved your adc.   Nidalee, on the other hand: enemies are going for an all in on you and your adc. Stun them? Nope. Slow them? Nope. Exhaust? If it's not on cooldown. But hey, have some health and I'll try to scare them away with my auto-attacks. Javelin toss? Pssh, only good damage from far away.
1	I have the same problem as well, the range bug has actually been there since her release.   They released a "fix" for the deceptive range a patch or two back, which it is actually way more accurate than it was before they patched it, but still a little off.
1	It's a throwaway, OP will not deliver today. No other comments, no submissions or anything.
0	I used to be a real shy guy. In high school all but one or two of my girlfriends were people who came up to me, initiated/flirted first. I was so concerned about what I should say I wound up never saying anything to girls I liked because I thought it was a dire situation. Maybe it was because I was became friends with girls at my first job in college but one day I just started to not be as shy. There are all types of different personalities that girls have. Depending on where they are at, is usually where a majority of like type personalities will be. Ex clubs downtown will have a lot of women who like aggressive men,very feminine, and extroverted. Other places will have the opposite. I think its key to understand that there are different types of women/people and what may seem wired/strange/annoying to you is normal and ok  (goes vice versa as well) you'll hear it a thousand times, but in my experience with all types of women, confidence is almost always a must. Even if you are introverted and shy, find a way to smile/ talk to women you like.  I'd suggest to smile at all women. It gives you practice and overtime, it'll bring you self confidence because a lot of them will smile back. Also women don't like guys who stand there silently. Most women do still expect men to approach them. If you're not sure a girl is checking you out at a social event, just politely talk to them. They may be shy and wondering the same thing about you. I've had a roommate who was very attractive as well as her friends. They still got shy and wondered if x guy was checking them out and hoping he would come up to them. And remember women don't rate physical attractiveness nearly as much as we do, finally remember to smell nice and have good breath.
1	Why stop there? Why stop with China? If you want a filthy rich retirement, I can't imagine a better place to finish your career than NA. A god-tier Korean that took the time to learn English could, eventually, make huge money on Twitch (I would imagine), especially someone the likes of Kakao. All while playing on an NA team, making a decent salary and winning Worlds, of course. Other perks: Las Vegas. Fast food at every corner. Pizza. Uncensored porn. No restrictions on girlfriends. Americans love drugs and alcohol. It would be a blast! Look at LMQ, all Chinese team... but we embraced them as our own. They would be welcomed and loved.
1	I honestly never thought that Karma was a weak champ and was happy and welcoming to seeing something outside the stale botlanes of ez and taric, corki and leona or whatever. But I am guilty of buying Karma for the skin (but also playing her for multiple games and loving every second) and hoping for a good rework.
0	CDC reported first year failure rate of the combined pill is 9% - perfect use is ~0.5%, so yes, ~19 in 20 failures are due to incorrect use.   However, that equally means 1 in 20 failures is after perfect use.  With 10 million women taking the pill each year in the US, 50,000 might expect to become pregnant after  perfect  use, per year.   > You always hear "I got pregnant on the pill stories"...waaayyy too often to be statistically possible.
1	Being as I use primarily  the LoL wikia , I think it would suit me and a lot of players if you bring it directly to us when you're more set on decisions that are on the PBE and you're willing to put them into the real client.   Henceforth, that will actually provide a lot more information in regards to what we can expect, and whilst most of my speculations, theorycrafting and daft assumptions as Support Teemos do will be wasted, that's but an expectancy and frankly part of the fun. What you will be able to do is give this information prior to its otherwise 'abrupt' release to a much higher amount of players before they need to deal with it.   In terms of player value, this means not so much to me, because I'll more or less know every thing about it and a bit more than the patch preview previously offered (they gave generalizations of increases, decreases and the like but not  specific numbers )... but the fact that a lot more will be aware of it will be very useful for me. It's especially the case, where now you seem to be providing more spot on recommendations for champions and their respective playstyles in your Champion Spotlights that you can help provide some tips to players in any patch preview you make now.   When changes are set in, people can often mass-jump away, or toward a specific change. Same for Champion Spotlights. At least you will be adding some amount of control and you will assist in making sure that it isn't done as heinously as it could be :P   Sorry for the wall of text, just my 40 cents.
0	I read this earlier today before I went to do errands. As I left I saw three little girls standing around a table on my street. This came to mind and I pulled over to see what they were selling. They were selling gemstones for a dollar, those cheap transparent rocks you can get at Michael's. They had three colors and when I bought one they asked which color I wanted. I asked the one holding the box of stones which color she like the most and she said the pink one. She handed me the pink one and I gave her the dolor. The three looked at each other with such joy. The were so excited that they made their first dollar. One of the girls gave me one of the clear ones and said that it was a special gift for being their first customer. As I turned to walk away another one of the girls came up to me to give me a blue one and said take this too. I think she just wanted to give a customer a rock because both her friends gave me one. They were so happy and overjoyed it made my day.
0	This clearly is an unpopular opinion.  I am a former artisan barista who makes his own concoctions on a regular basis so I have a good perspective on the issue.   While the service and establishment cost justifies what you're paying (with understood markup) that is no excuse not to learn how to do a better job yourself with better beans and, beyond that, experiment to learn how to do it... perfectly.   If you want it done right, and done cheap, do it yourself.   Allowances are made for travelers and special circumstances, but as a daily routine, you're spending more time picking up your drink than I spend making mine.   This is true of a million other things from oil changes to guitar polishing to brown-bagging it every day.  I don't want to buy food when I can make better food myself for less...
1	NA works fine cause that's a different server and in many ways a whole different Riot.   Anything bought with RP, and RP itself, is a mini purchase, which is really stupid of you to bring up since mini purchases are optional, as you can unlock everything with any impact on the game by simply playing it enough (Hence why the game itself generates no income and is, in fact, free). Partaking in mini purchases is a choice that you made knowing that you would no longer be able to use the purchases in the event that servers are down or your account becomes suspended. If you didn't know that, then that's simply you being a bad consumer. If you knew that and that still upsets you, then you don't have to purchase anything and worry about whether or not you feel you got your money's worth.
1	Since you cut out the hair, it makes it look a lot like Syndra. But with the hair, it's pretty clear to be Morgana, at least for me. Her other skins have similar splash arts with some hair dangling over one of her eyes, with the exception of Ghost Bride which is suppose to be in, I guess they call it a bun kinda thing? idk. don't blame me for not knowin this shizz.
1	really depends on the enemy you are facing... if you are up against swain, mundo, vlad, volibear (high health regen/spellvamp on ulti or passive) ignite when you want to kill them (early) so they cant regen the damage you do to them. if you are against champs with a lot of regen ignite as late as possible so that if he tries to escape your ignite will finish them off.   special case is tryndamere:   if you are against him wait with your ignite until he casts his ulti and the "endless rage" text appears over his head. AFTER that count to 2 and ignite -> usually last ignite tick will kill him, or if not at least lower the health he can heal back, making it easier to kill him if you catch him.
1	The lol launcher does actually check those file (Thus the Calculating Differences step in the launcher) if you accidentally stop the patching process in the middle I think it goes through and checks EVERYTHING to make sure its all what its supposed to be.   HOWEVER, that being said when I say "Check" I mean that the launcher has a list of file names that its checking to make sure are named correctly and in the correct place.   What it does not do is then proceed to load every single file into some type of either coding api or other investigation software to ensure that the data inside each file is what is supposed to be in that file. It just assumes that if its named correctly and in the right place that it is the right file.
0	It was a combination of those things, developed over time. I was eating less than 1000 calories most days, so I was usually taking them on an empty stomach, twice a day for about 6 months. I'd also been constantly losing weight, and in a little over a year had gone from a hefty 235+ to a rather anemic 160 (for reference, I'm 6'3" and broad).   Then I had my familial problems added on top of that which included, but were not limited to, a live-in heroin-addicted brother who constantly fought with my step-dad, who in turn bickered with my alcoholic mother.   Fortunately, after a single course of the cheap OTC medication, I've had no further problems. I've eaten whatever the hell I've wanted, and have lately had a rather consistent load of soul-crushing hell to induce stress and systematically destroy all which I hold dear.
0	Oh crap.   Take a seat JuanJeanJohn. We need to have a talk   You know, all men go through a phase when they discover their body. They suddenly have a weird feeling in their special place. It's a tingly feeling.   This tingly feeling becomes an urge, it becomes a need, you need to do a special thing for your special place. So instinctively, you're going to touch it with your hand, and play with it. If you touch it once, you won't be able to refrain so easily, so you continue to play with your special place and it feels good, and you play with it until  BOOF!  a special type of sauce comes out of your special place, and when it  cums  comes out, it will feel ecstatic, orgasmic. This sauce isn't new though, you might've seen it before when you woke up. It's actually very common everywhere. Remember that time you found a weird deflated wet balloon in my bedroom? That's my sauce, it's nothing to be ashamed of, it's made of love. It  cums  comes in many shapes and forms, it could be wet and sticky like honey (that's when it's fresh out) or it could be dry and sticky and in chunks like an insect glue board, just like the things that were stuck on your feet that time you had a shower in my bathroom.   Now, you know the basics: The good feel of getting the sauce out, the touching sensation, and the sauce itself, but there's something unclear. You know that your special place grows sometimes and stiffens, almost like a tool, eh? Every tool has a place to fit and a method to use. Every screwdriver needs a screw, every nail goes through a hole. Where does your Auger belong? There must be a hole... girls have the holes for your key.   I know it sounds weird now, but trust me, it'll all make sense when you're older and it'll all come naturally.   Now, girls have special places too. But they're not like yours, they're weak, soft, mushy and they're actually holes. Remember when you were playing with Sophie the other day and you accidentally lifted her skirt and noticed she doesn't have a special place and you thought it fell off? It didn't, that's how it looked like, when you put your fingers in it and then spread it, didn't it feel weirdly good? It could feel even better.   Girls can feel tingly and orgasmic too, but in their holes. They have 3 usable holes, and 1 secret one. The one that you saw on Sophie is very nice for both of you to share, it's a full green light. Then you have the mouth, which is also great, full and bright green light. But then you have the harder to get hole, it needs a lot of practice and a lot of love and trust to get in it, but damn it's the best part. The secret hole, we can't discuss it now.   Girls are much more creative than boys when it comes to alone time, they could stick lots of things and feel good. Remember that time we told you not to eat the cucumber on the nightstand? That went in mommy's special place, and made her feel very good, also the time we told you not to eat the cabbage on the nightstand? Same thing. What about that time I shaved my head and bought only olive oil? You bet your ass we went wild.   Now, the penetration comes in. You basically stick your special place in any women's hole, maybe even more than one at a time. Of course you could spice things up by letting her use her hands on your special place, you discover those techniques later. And even later you'll get more advanced and learn the thumb up your butt technique.   Now, this is kind of a private task. You can't just propose it to any woman on the go, it requires time and effort and shitty pickup lines as jokes and a few drinks, then you could go wild, in the car, on the table, I'll even play tag teams with you in my bedroom.   After orgasming with your hand the first time, then trying your first girl, then plenty of other wild girls, you'd still want more. You'll go to special parties and see a lot of special places all around the place, and join anyone. Which brings us to your  question .   After trying so many types of people nonstop and going lots of places, you'll experiment. A bunch of guys'll convince you that "hey, let's try doing it together, don't knock it till you try it", it's usually 2 or more people, all men, and you don't know which position to choose. Now an  EPB  (End Piece of Bread type of person, that's a new thing now) would choose to be in the middle, to receive a special place in his butt and to put his special place in another man's butt. This determines your personality, whether you're an  EPB  or not.   Feel free to ask any question, don't be afraid. :)   Edit :
1	Hey first off I'd like to say that I think this is really awesome and a great way to grow the eSports community. I think that it has one major flaw though. You're missing out on a major demographic of the game. Alot of people who play are under 21. I would have gladly paid double or triple to show up and watch worlds with you guys, but I couldn't because of the age restrictions. Maybe next time you could do some sort of event for people under 21 who want to show up and have good time because we make up a large portion of your fan base.
1	I'm surprised no-one has brought up corki. Technically mounted and not bi-pedal... although it is mechanical, except for Urf.
1	Using the specific example of creating and playing custom games, imagine if it was actually easy to launch a custom game quickly(!), imagine if you could create and test masteries/runes out WITHIN that custom game, if you could create your champion-specific “buy” menus in that game by clicking around the actual shop, if you had skill/score challenges and simple training categories you could activate whilst in there, imagine having your friends able to join it and play with you, and… imagine doing this whilst you are queuing for a matchmade game.   I have been thinking about this a lot and a couple of years back I used to play a game called "Battle Forge". In this game you basically have a small lobby in which you could summon your creatures and jerk around with them (video of this   If riot where to implement something similar to this but more advanced, think what OP already mentioned, I reckon the time inbetween games become a lot more enjoyable.
0	I slept with a lot of girls between high school and college. Most of them being pretty hot. I have disappointed two girls in bed. The first one was a senior in high school when I was a junior and she was one of the hottest girls in the senior class but had slept around a fair bit. I started seeing her anyways because she was that hot and had sex with her one night at the house she was babysitting at after she put the kids to bed. We had sex on this couch that was a sectional that wasn't totally connected so the couch kept coming apart while I was thrusting. It was annoying as fuck and I eventually just came in her and I could tell that she was disappointed. I never fucked her again and it still haunts me to this day.   The second one was at a house party during the spring of my senior year of high school. I was pretty drunk and on a few different drugs and ended up on a couch with one of the hottest girls I'd ever seen. She started telling me how she wanted this for soo long, ever since we first met freshman year. I was pretty stoked. Sure enough, I couldn't get it hard. First time it had ever happened to me after years of sexual exploits and daily wanking. It was fucking awful. People knew we still slept on the couch together and someone heard her moaning from me going down on her so everyone assumed we had sex and I was met the following monday at school with much congratulations. I felt like such a fraud but  I couldn't bring myself to tell all my teammates and friends that I didn't get it in.   I guess I feel better having gotten it off my chest.
0	It was a long time ago, just shedding some light that it happens to us boys as well, but you'll probably never hear it.   My friend in high school was about 15 and he was raped by older sisters boyfriend. They caught him and took him to jail and everything, but imagine how many don't know his story that know him?
0	I think you have a point, but you're coming across as quite arrogant. The current way we treat fat people isn't going to fix our obesity problem, but neither will insulting them.   I have a friend since pretty much birth that is overweight, and he has been for most of his life. Insulting him about being overweight never made him want to excercise.   I am also overweight, and the first time I really started working on losing weight was when I was dating a very attractive young girl who was tiny, and I didn't want to crush her while laying on her.   I guess my point is that to change our countries problem with obesity we need to have good reason for them to lose weight. Not insult them, or give them privileges. I wish I had a good idea to do this, but im not a genius.
0	You are my hero...   If I ever do speak in front of a group of more than 10 people, I not only stutter, I also move around (like sway back and forth, grab my foot, move my hands, you get the deal), sweat, and (worst of all) stare up to the ceiling, all because I'm afraid of someone laughing, or getting a bad grade, or even messing up...one time I had to do a presentation in eighth grade, I was particularly nervous that day because it was a big presentation about my grandpa serving in the polish army, so I started to move around uncontrollably...this causes the entire class to laugh at me, and I naturally start to laugh as well as stutter...eventually I stammer on to my great grandpa who died in WWII...everyone drops silent except for me, still laughing from earlier, and then I get bashed by the class (who caused me to laugh) for laughing at my great grandpa...
1	For some reason I couldn't move but I could still see the game being played and had regular ping It happened to most of the other people in my game as well. We lost the game because of this (Well our "Support" soraka also trolled by playing tele/barrier soraka, not healing ezreal, taking CS, building Sunfire cape and "I'm not participating in teamfights btw", in ranked, not even bronze I swear, but that's another story)
1	LoL uses a variable K-factor depending on a few different things, especially in normal games.   I understand that the system modifications aren't complex, but the entire point is that you can't know without Riot's data what they are, and Riot does not release specific data. If you had a scenario where a bot played games individually in ranked or normals and you had access to the Elo data, yes, that'd show relatively quickly (aside from the problems inherent in matchmaking a bot normally.)   Since bots are clearly sub-1250, and rankings under 1250 aren't displayed, finding the ranked elo range that corresponds to 50-50 W/L against bots isn't feasible to us.   The consistency doesn't mean the bot's Elo won't change, it'll decrease steadily as the playerbase gets collectively stronger. :p My point is that Elo assumes that you're aggregating a collection of discrete skills into a single rating, and you have equivalent but different skill bundles at any given rating. There are things I do much better than people at the same Elo, there are things I do worse. Every player at that level is very different, but on aggregate we have the same level of winning impact over time in similar situations.   Bots are extreme outliers to the normal playerbase. They don't play the game the same way (Karthus maphacks, gold generation, intentionally gimped 6 item build). They are extremely strong in some areas and extremely weak in some areas. I don't think it's unreasonable to suggest that bots may show unusual patterns in win/loss against higher skilled opponents that deviates from the norm for their Elo.   Even if you don't buy that, the point remains that Elo estimates are only expected to hold true for the population at a certain rating vs. the population at a certain rating, not for individual matchups. If 1000 random 1500s play 1000 random 1200s, you can accurately estimate the win probability for that skill level vs. that skill level. Each individual matchup does not have that probability of winning, because individual player quirks make up a massive difference in any individual matchup.   Extrapolating from this, people can specialize in high variance or low variance gameplay styles, which impacts their individual expected win curve against certain Elo ranges. People who play high variance champs and styles will do proportionally better against stronger Elo ranges and worse against lower Elo ranges. On the whole, the entire population will meet the expected win percentages by Elo, however individual players do not and should not be absolutely expected to fit that model precisely.
1	Here's my story.   I started playing rankeds a bit too early and dropped down to 800 elo. My mechanics were relatively bad and I had a rather small champion pool. Still the main issue I had back then is that I didn't have enough knowledge about different champions and their abilities.   So I went back to normals and started practicing jungling as I found it to be the most fun role to play. Sure it has it's downs too, people tend to blame the jungler when things go awry. Which to you can probably relate if you have jungled in the lower elos. I praticed about 5 junglers and 2-3 champions to other lanes. This took maybe 100 games.   I eventually went back to rankeds and started raising my elo. I played jungle everytime someone higher than me didn't pick it. If I didn't get to jungle I tried to get my 2nd strongest role and so on. I got to 1200 rather easily, but then things started to get tricky. I was stuck for over 50 games around 1200. There started to be a lot of games where even when I was quite fed(I mainly played tanky junglers).   So I picked up the ultimate playmaker, Lee Sin. I tried to pick him everytime he wasn't banned or picked. I started to carry my games harder with him. And finally started to raise my elo again. From this point on my elo rose quite steadily.   I got to 1490ish a couple of times where I was just one win away from gold, but lost a couple of games in a row and dropped. Yet again I found myself just one win away from gold. Our 1st pick had picked Lee Sin jungle, the enemy picked Gangplank and Nidalee. I decided to go top as our 2nd pick went TF mid. I thought "oh hell with it, at least I piss off my lane opponent" and picked Teemo (as a sidenote this was my first teemo pick in ranked). We actually won the game and I finally got my gold.   I stopped playing rankeds after this. I'm currently just playing normals and the new 3v3 with my friends until S3 starts.   P.S. I only played couple of games per day on those days I actually had time and weren't too tired. This was due to time constraints from my university studies and summer job.   P.P.S. I only queued solo.   Thanks for reading.
0	Ok, let's reverse it. Girl takes guy out to the movies, pays for it and everything. They get in, sit together, and the whole time the girl is being an annoying neckbeard. She keeps making awkward moves on him (bad breath and all), and asking him if he plays pokemon. Finally, after too much socially awkward bullshit, the guy goes and sits with other people and bails on her. Same situation, reversed gender roles. In both situations it works the same way, as it's an issue of conflicting personalities as opposed to one person being taken advantage of.
1	Sorry to burst your bubble but SC2 is still a "bigger" game than LoL.   Also given the fact that LoL has ~34m players (maybe closer to 10-18m given the fact that there are many people with 2+ accounts on average) and SC2 has only 3.5m and most people only have 1 account because they do cost $50-60 to buy we can simply look at the percentage of people who care for each game as an esport on average:   --  LoL average percentage on an assumed player base of 18m  - 70,000 views at IPL /18,000,000 players = 0.38%   SC2 average percentage on assumed player base of 3.5m  - 35,000 views at IPL /3,500,000 players = 1%   Giving a rough estimate of about 3 times more player:watcher ratio in favor of SC2. Assumed 18m for LoL is being very generous seeing as how the percentage would be 0.16% if we assumed 38m (if no duplicate accounts existed).   --   The view count is valued far less than things like sponsors and projected growth. For example, the main Foreigner team,  Teamliquid ]( with the most combined  GSL   Not to mention the fact that in 2 or 3 months from now all of the old Brood War pros ([Kespa]( will be switching to SC2 full time bringing over all of the revenue from the largest grossing game in eSports history from the last 13 years.   There is also a general fear that LoL could fall off in a relatively short amount of time (1-2 years, as pointed out by Total Biscuit in I think it was [RealTalk with TotalBiscuit]( because of the impending professional scene balance that it could lack with the amount of diverse champions and items.
0	No, my good Redditor.   I was merely contrasting your commentary on the sanity of the Reddit population against some dank memes. Hopefully coming across as a humorous comment that serves to underscore the irony of the situation; While yes I would agree that the base quality of the redditor as a whole is above that of tumblr, it is futile to search the internet for a safe haven from trolls, biggots, or other ruffians.   Cheerio!   ^^^^
1	I feel like URFmode needs to be the McRib of League. It comes back every so often as a special thing, but it's not permanent. That way when it's active it stays fun and special, and the breaks make it so no meta really evolves.
0	I originally had a much longer post that also talked about this but had removed it due to trying to be as clear as possible with the point without stretching the content too much.   Basically, of course this isn't a catch-all statement. Just like anything else in the world - especially when you're talking about people (who are all so very different) - you have to take advice with a grain of salt and apply it to your own situations.   To try to go into some depth without writing a book about it, I'll just try sum up to some points   >it's unlikely I'll ever purposefully cook it again.   This is good and where you may personally differ from other people. I've seen parents take their kid's opinion as a joke or a temporary thing - which it may be, but respecting your kid's opinion (when they are of age to have one) could in the long run make your kid trust you because at least they know their opinion is being factored in.   >paraphrasing: "what if the kid does something bad or refuses to x or y?"   These situations are not black and white and therefore cannot be answered as such. In the best of situations, the parent would be smart enough to take the time out to try to give the best response to this, giving only as much force as necessary, while still trying to compromise and talk to the kid like his opinion matters and makes a difference. Like I said before, just forcing seems to often be a desperation act by a parent when they just don't know what else to do - which I can get, of course, but like I said, it's still not the right way to do things all the time.   It doesn't hurt to sometimes - depending on the situation - be assertive and forceful to strike a point. But this attitude need not be applied to anything and everything, such as a kid not eating. This attitude should be reserved for certain situations when it's very serious and necessary. Besides, overusing it merely numbs your kid to the point of the seriousness and could very well develop some parent-child issues.   Like any boss in the real world, sometimes you need to be assertive. If someone is an employee from your store, you need to have some balls to confront them about it and likely fire them. But not everything an employee does is stealing, so you don't need to be confronting every employee and threatening them to be fired based on the smallest things. Being a parent is just being this boss, but with an irrational kid. And just like parents, some bosses are just dicks that seem to be trying to make everything hell all the time, and some are nice and only are harsh when necessary.
1	Seeing him crab-sidestep into rooms awkwardly was so amusing.  He didn't take the blindfold off until we had finished close to 65 oz  of varied liquor and found that someone had made bacon in the kitchen.  In order to keep him from bumping into things in his increasingly drunk  and blind state, he was put in charge of making eggs.  Apparently properly frying eggs is more important than Noxus invading.  shrugs
0	I have to say this is arrogant and insensitive.
0	First post EVER on Reddit - hope it goes through and doesn't get buried.   CONSIDER YOURSELF LUCKY.  This happened to my now-husband with his first wife.   Marrried 4 years while she cared for her (not his) young child, then he put her through six years of school. She promptly left him because he was "beneath her station".  The real kicker:  He was ordered to pay $3500/mo spousal support since "she had no income of her own during those years".
1	Your math is off.   The calculation for damage reduction is 100/(100+(Resist*(1-%reduction))-Magic Pen-SpellPen)   So,   100 MR(with no reduction)=50% DR   100 MR(with 20 spell penetration)= 45% DR   200 MR(no spell pen)=66% DR   200 MR(20 spell pen)=64% DR   300 MR(no spell pen)=75% DR   300 MR(20 spell pen)=74% DR   You are correct in the assessment that DR is a logarithmic scale, but your work is incorrect and leads to an incorrect conclusion.   Here is my assessment on magic resist, flat magic resist reduction and % spell pen, and can be proven if absolutely needed. First, magic resist has a decaying effect, and thus results in a diminished gold value, which is negligible at low magic resist levels but significant at higher levels. This is not to say that stacking MR is always a bad idea, but against most people a healthy balance of MR and health is more effective than just MR.   For flat penetration, it is most effective at low levels of magic resist. Stacking flat penetration actually produces a greater effect as more is stacked but has an extremely low effectiveness at high levels of MR, to the point where stacking other stats may be more useful.   For % penetration, it is most effective at higher levels of magic resist. There is a mathematical point where this falls off(I didn't calculate where and have no estimation of what value it would occur at or if it is even possible to achieve that value of MR). For an general idea of how much flat penetration you would be getting at 40%, 50MR=20 spell pen, 100 MR=40 Spell Pen, 150 MR=60 Spell pen, 200 MR=80 Spell Pen
1	Based off how he has composed himself, I'm leaning towards he was really lucky to know people and really lucky to have been in the right place, at the right time.  Reginald has made good decisions but anybody in his circumstances would have made the decisions if they had the insight he was given.  Additionally, a lot of the decisions he made were actually done without knowledge of how things would turn out.  Pushing forward the notion that he has made brilliant decisions is to ignore this fact.   Thoorin's article for example mentioned a couple of things that prove my point.  TSM not going to Korea wasn't a brilliant decision.  TSM couldn't have known that CLG were simply going to abandon streaming and leave the market wide open for a competitor to harvest.  TSM winning a bunch of tournaments in NA without CLG competing helped plenty, but he couldn't have possibly known that Dignitas and Curse would simply fail to exert any competitive pressure on them.  Likewise, TSM jumping to Twitch wasn't brilliant as well.  Twitch offered more money and TSM took it.  Owned dug its own grave with its financial mismanagement and only after the fact does it seem like a smart move. Additionally, if Gleeb and Amazing taught us anything, it was that up to this point Reginald hadn't been punished for making impulsive roster decisions.  Wildturtle and Bjergsen were good pick-ups but to believe that there was rational deep thought went into those selections but then Reginald decided to eschew any thought when acquiring a support and jungle, would be foolish.  Lastly, in Locodoco's video talking about Gleeb's benching, he mentioned that TSM would have had serious financial problems if they didn't make it to worlds.  I find it hard to believe that a smart business guy would have overextended to such an extent that not making it to worlds would have seriously harmed the organization he's running.
1	yeah I think this is part of thefake artificial hype riot has around the competititveness of LoL as an e sport, no doubt its huge but as far as 5 vs 5's go, there's actually no teams in challenger apart from a few in NA and EU, basically if they allowed more than 1 team in they would be allowing every top challenger team in.
1	I will make sure the dev teams at Riot know about this as well.   We usually don't take feedback word for word, but every time you guys tell us something isn't working or you have a suggestion, it lets us know what problems we need to focus on solving.   Sometimes a suggestion  is  awesome. We've got a lot of smart people here who are good at solving stuff like this, so sometimes we can take a small suggestion even farther. So thanks for making this subreddit. Please vote the stuff up or down that you feel is more or less important. That will help us rank what's really important to you guys as a whole.
1	I just want to get into Gold. Instead, i've managed to fail my S2>S1 promo series 11 times in a row. Not saying none of the loses are my fault(25-30%) but god damn something has to give sometime soon. The amount of frustration is just unbearable considering i went from S5>S2 without losing a single promo game.   After the 7th series lose, where i somehow managed to luck into 4 loses in a best of 3, i should have just stopped playing. For those wondering it went like this; Loss, Loss Forgiven, Win, Loss Forgiven, Loss. 2nd game i got trolled by some douchebag who, on lolking, had lost ~400 elo, and game 4 i had someone who never connected.   On top of that i haven't been able to play for weeks because i've had to deal with troubleshooting my computer and then ultimately RMA'ing my graphics card, which i won't be getting until Friday at the earliest.
1	Oops. Never played it. My bad :3
0	Tell me about it. I've long suspected that while fatigue and anxiousness to win play a role, the main reason for this phenomenon is the fact that the competition  is actually getting stronger as the night progresses. Most people play in the late afternoon/early evening, so you're simply much more likely to run into average or below average players during those times. Later on, not only are there fewer players in general, but a disproportionate percentage of those who remain are hardcore players with above average experience and practice.
1	Acted like an ape? I'm not sure if I would agree with that, but if that's the case; they all did. Dignitas and Scarra included. They were all trash talking eachother, and in this light I don't see the problem with Reginalds statements. I don't the see the problem with Scarras or the rest of Dignitas statements either.   They way I see it they were all playing the same game, and in the game if you want to hand out shit, you have to be ok with having shit handed to you as well. Furthermore, I think both Scarra and Regi are aware of this and that they probably don't see this situation as any sort of "problem" or "conflict".   The only issue I see with this situation is the fact that everyone is all mad about a couple words that some other people threw around.
1	9: Current ban limit is too low   I agree that this is a problem, but I would be really surprised if the ban number changes while their policy for releasing champions every two weeks remains the same. (And the PAX Q&A indicates that it will stay the same for the foreseeable future)   The problem with increasing the ban limit is that, right now, at three bans, the common wisdom for ranked is that you need to be willing to play at least three roles (all five, really, because not all teams are willing to communicate) and that you should really have at least three champions for each role because of the opponents' bans and picks.   If the ban number goes up, a team could very easily just ban every top X in the current meta. You can then get into a discussion on team comp strategy, shigting meta, etc, but the one thing you can't really avoid is that more bans means that you need more champions to stay effective; if you keep the ban number proportional to the total number of champions, the game becomes very unfriendly to new players and casuals very quickly. From a business, game design, and customer loyalty perspective, this is not something that Riot is going to be willing to do.   >.
1	There's a program semi-openly available that "guesses" codes. PAX skins are all a set length, and there's no limit to the amount of times you can get a code wrong on the LoL store code input, so bruteforcing will eventually yield results. When it does, assuming the bruteforcing is on an account which already owns the skins it's looking for, the code won't be used up as the account already owns the skins.
0	The dog I rescued three and a half years ago had been abused and neglected, and both my vet and trainer agree that his first owner beat him for pooping in the house. When i first adopted him, he would hold his shit in until he physically could not any more, then he'd run as far from it as he could and hide quivering under the shrubs, whimpering softly. Once, he pooped in the yard, and just when I was about to praise him for it, he got frantic and started wolfing down his own feces as quickly as he could, like he was trying to undo pooping, then ran and cowered in the bushes. Another time, he started let go right next to me when I was doing yard work, and he literally pulled his poop back in. It took months to help him get passed all of that.   What many people don't realize is that if your dog poops in the house while you are out, then you come home and hit him for it, you've taught him to fear you coming home. His acting happy at that point becomes a way to try to appease you so you don't hit him. It's possibly one of the most disturbing caused of separation anxiety (which my dog also had, but that's a whole other book), and SA had been on the rise in shelters across the US, according to the lady I spoke with at the SPCA.
1	Seems OP to me. His laning is so powerful. If you auto him once then he flings you into his creeps and slows, making you take tons of creep damage while he whacks you and W's you. If he has a good amount of HP from Doran's shields or whatever his W does insane damage. Plus, at low levels it's hard to kill any Volibear with a brain since his passive heals a lot in lane.   Saying that Volibear's Q is worse than Singed Fling is stupid. He gets a good MS buff for 4 seconds while Singed gets a worse MS buff from his ult. Plus he has a nice slow like Singed's slow but it's easier to hit.   Also, a good Volibear can do very good damage with HP items and a Wit's End with his W which is a super powerful nuke and R autoattacks.
1	I honestly thought the assassin meta was fine for adcs. Champions with dashes or QSS can easily fight back against an assassin, and I had so much fun playing ezreal/tristana/graves/lucian/even caitlyn and sivir could be used. Also, the smart thing to do is stay grouped, if you're not doing that, then you're not learning from your mistakes. There was counterplay to this.   Poke/Siege...Adcs should not be getting hit with any skillshots anyways, why are they sitting near their tower and not in the back when they're being sieged on? That's full out their fault. During that meta, almost any adc could be used as well.   The main issue I have with tank meta is that the only tank shredders all have crap laning phases (Vayne/Kog/Jinx) so they're going to either be even or behind on gold if they get unfavorable matchups, which is likely to happen. All other adcs don't have the damage output to deal with 5k hp + thornmail and armor to top it off, and they just end up killing themselves. This affects EVERY adc.   And honestly, even top laners are taking cinderhulk and smite, even saying fuck flash. This is the first time top laners have ever done this (at least since I started playing at the end of season 2). If you think that's not an issue, then there is definitely something wrong with your perception of the game. You even see cho in mid lane, an AP tank that does true damage, and Urgot, who's passive and ult are designed to make him tanky. Mid-laners like leblanc haven't been seen as much because people are just saying fuck it and going tanky as well. Tanks are literally taking over every lane, something the assassin and poke/siege meta didn't do. I don't understand why people don't see this as a problem.   But hey, minute long teamfights FTW! Just my opinion, any criticism accepted :o
0	I wrote a few thesis papers last year comparing the different reasons as to why the American education system is sub par to most countries in the world. I'm no grad student, and it was for a high school class, but it's one topic I was passionate about so I took it very seriously. I wish I had the paper here, but it's 30 hours away in my parents house.   Nowhere in my research did it ever show religion having significant effect on education. I wasn't really looking, but I had a lot of areas that I covered, and it never came up. I'm not saying it doesn't have any affect, but it's not a leading factor.   The American education system is sub par to countries like Japan and Finland because they take education more seriously and have nationalized it. In Finland, they start school at a slightly later age and go until they are in their 20s. There is no specialization, as in, all students are put in the same class and learn at the same rate regardless of mental handicap or capability. Japanese students go to school, go to extra - curricular activities, then go to a tutor, and then go home to study, then repeat. They understand that if they do not pass the national tests,  they do not continue their educational journey, so they take it very seriously.   And above all, the American education system is still under the belief that quantity outweighs quality, especially in homework. Finland and Japan do not give as much homework as the United States (I could be wrong, I'm going off memory for this one and it's late) but what they do give is quality. It has been proven that assigning 5 math problems to a student, allowing them to practice the concepts they learned in math, is far better for learning than assigning 30 problems. If a student does 5 problems wrong, then he can easily re - evaluate what he has done wrong and correct it. But by the "practice makes perfect" mentality, he could practice those 30 problems wrong and believe he is right, and then make it that much harder for him to realize his mistake the following day, since he believed he had done it correctly.   Sleep is starting to hit, it's late, and I want to apologize for any spelling mistakes or grammatical errors. I also apologize for going on a bit of a rant, but like I said, I'm very passionate about this topic and I just want to shed a little light on why the problem of American Education is much more complex than "Christians don't want us learning about evolution". Like I said, religion could be a problem, but there are much bigger factors at work. The problem is so complex I do not believe that any one factor can be pinned down as the worst of them all. You've also go other factors like quality of teachers, board of ed, social issues, etc.
0	Lightning sailor here (fist bump). Gotta love those Lasers! They turn on a dime.... and flip on one too! I sail on a primarily low wind lake (at least in recent years) and it is definitely very different than strong wind sailing. Our light wind expertise does show through when members from our club go to larger competition!   But to
0	I grew up in San Jo as well. While working at the Costco on Senter rd., many customers came up to me and either asked me, a very obviously white guy, if I spoke Spanish, or they just rolled up to me, speaking Spanish as if I would answer them fluently.  It annoyed me then, and since I have been living in Seoul S. Korea for the last 4 years, I have little patience for people who move somewhere and resist even basic survival level in the language.  Now, if you move to another country, and just stay with your kind, and only speak your native tongue to the other foreigners with whom you share community, you will probably get by. However, you are basically shutting yourself out of the community. You are not providing anything to the culture, nor enriching yourself from it. I say this, having learned enough Korean to get by. Am I fluent, probably will never be. But I respect Korean people enough not to go up to them and say, "Do you speak English". Why? It just seems like it would be a big FUCK YOU to the country where I am living as a GUEST. I know Americans like this, who never leave the foreign district, and never learn the language, past maybe, "맥주 주세요", and I have no respect for them.
0	It has nothing to do with boobs and everything to do with people being overly PC pussies. It's not just the pictures, I've seen NSFW tag on DISCUSSION threads. If you need to be told when a topic may not be appropriate for work, you will probably do some dumb-fuck move to get yourself fired anyway.   The real problem is reddit catering to the politically correct, easily offended culture. I am so goddamn tired of hearing how offensive something is, or how offended a group of people are; get right the fuck over it and move on and keep your bullshit to yourself. Being offended doesn't entitle you to anything and you should be treated like a whiny child since you are acting like one.
1	math too hard for this guy   EDIT: since people decided to mass downvote me, ill reply to the comment below: you dont need to be in a game to see how much ap you get from rabandom, just do fucking (your ap*0.23), no need to do jokes about getitng a calculator in a baron fight that information wont make you win any fight. my point is not that we dont need it, it is a luxury that do not influance a game at all, all i wanted to say is that it takes 1 simple elemetary calculus to know. here i even game you the formula you dont even have to find it by yourself (cuz math too hard for some people)
0	You're absolutely right, except I disagree with the San Francisco example.  SF does  not  have better public transit than Toronto (I currently live in SF and am from Toronto originally).  In fact, BART is a perfect example of what would happen if Ford got his way -- a subway that stretches way out into low-density suburban areas and consequently has extremely low ridership that doesn't justify the cost of building and maintaining the system.  BART has about 1/3rd the ridership of Toronto's subway despite being more than twice the length.  Meanwhile, the core of the city is mainly serviced by bus and (ironically) light rail, with BART only having a dozen or so stations inside the city.  But the MUNI light rail isn't particularly good either.  It's slow, low capacity, and has mediocre coverage and thus gets half the daily ridership of the TTC's streetcar network.  Overall, MUNI with an average speed of 13 km/h is the slowest public transit system in the US.
0	My aunt is a crazy, and insists on holding all the major holidays at her house. She hides the TV remotes, which would be fine to encourage talking, I guess? We always talk to each other the entire time, though. So she insist on putting on this $5 CD of holiday music and gets extremely upset if anyone turns it off. Her husband is promptly yelled at for anything going incorrectly. She's also a total kleptomaniac, she stole things from my dying grandmother's house while I sat in the hospital with her.   Anyway! After that lovely background story, I am always so relieved to sit at the kid's table. I'm 27 years old now, and the last time I had thanksgiving over there was when I was 25. The kids table was a thousand times more enjoyable. She still tries to force feed you horrible recipes and insists if you "just try it you'll like it." No. If you can't cook, it doesn't taste good.
0	50,000 per show is sort of a bench mark in the music industry. If you can headline a national tour, you are pretty much clearing that per night. I'll try and break it down for you. Usually, a band will split it evenly between members. I would imagine Mayer, or most solo artists get half or more off tops, then it is split between the backing band. That may even be generous because most of them are 100% replaceable. I mean shit, I would play backing guitar for Mayer for like $700 a show lol. I'm not too knowledgeable on his band members, but the only I see a lot is the older guy who plays slide guitar a lot.   Take a 15,000 seat arena at say an average of ticket price of $50. That would be $750,000. Now for someone like John Mayer tickets are probably more like $60-350 and he could sell out bigger than 15,000 capacity venues as well. An average merch income is about $3/ticket sold. So what's that...another $45,000. Most contracts give a 50/50 back end as well if you sell out. So, on the low end, he is grossing $800,000 per show. Typically the artist gets about 80%...so $640,000.   Now, you have to look at the cost of a tour. It's fucking HUGE. Someone on Mayer's level probably has 10 roadies which will include loading crew, sound man, guitar tech, drum tech, lighting/pyro/stage manager. You have to house and transport these people as well as provide them a per diem. Manager get's 20%. There's 4-5 other people in his band. An accountant. Still, all said and done someone on this level easily clears $50,000 a show. In all likely hood he probably gets $100,000-200,000 in his pocket when everything is balanced. Typically, a tour has 15 shows a month for about 4 months. 60 shows on the low end of $100,000 nets him 6 million. Dude is worth 40 million. Most of a musicians income is from touring, and John Mayer really doesn't tour a whole lot...I just read he recently announced his first tour in three years. December shows are already sold out. He has five albums since his first release in 2001...You tour every album so there is five tours. Hasn't toured in 3 years, so at most he has had 9 tours, and I seriously doubt he toured every year (outside of his 3 year hiatus he is ending now). So roughly 4 million per tour would add up to his net worth. That's not even touching his cost of living, which you can bet your ass is high as fuck as it will be for any single young man who is richer than a motherfucker.   So there you have it my friend. That's an educated estimate of how much John Mayer makes. None of that shit is exact, but it will be close. I've been in, and around music my whole life. It's still impossible to say a hard number on his booking fee though. I mean shit, the dude probably buys $250 tee shirts lol.
1	Jungle tanks all the way!  Honestly I do like playing top, but the process of actually getting it is very tedious.  In one out of every 3 draft games where I called top,  someone remembered that he wants to play top right after I locked, so I had to play my half-assed-top-support, so that the team doesn't instantly loose.  This way or another, about once every 20 games I get premades bot, with someone who wants to jungle,  this is when I can finally pick singed and ROFL stomp everything.
1	He basically tried to start a fight with Locodoco out of no where asking him to lord bet him this morning at like 4am.   Really weird too because usually Lord bets are between 2 people who are in constant interaction with eachother and actually talk to eachother more then 1ce.   He basically put Loco in a poor spot saying to Lord bet him that NME would win and its like well if Loco doesn't take the bet then he looks like an ass.   Then he said something Apollo being the weakest link during the TIP vs CLG game when clearly Adrian mis using his ult during 2 essential team fights is what cost them the most objectives and ultimately the game.   Even TIP on twitter said Apollo was their MVP of the day.
1	well it's ppl like you that shatter a young player's confidence ... the dude is wat 18-19-20? ... at that age u dream of pussy and just occasionally videogames ... so give the guy a break and let him meld with the team ... he joined at the start of the split ... also turtle isn't doing so hot but I guess the smaller guy is easier to pick on ;)
0	Give me the
1	While this is a very interesting idea that I think has a lot of potential, I thought I would point out one flaw that needs some thought:   Implementing this vote would cause a lot of turmoil within a team that would move focus from the game itself to internal conflict within the team. I understand that this is a good idea when there is already internal conflict in a team, as it could remove the source of that conflict (a toxic player).  This vote could be the cause of conflicts between team members and toxic players could utilize it to initiate their "trolling" (starting this vote would have players messaging each other about why X player should be "silenced" or why Y player should not be "silenced).   Like I said, I like the idea, but I the issue described above is one that needs to be discussed. Maybe the "/silence X" should not bring up a proper voting ballet (like the surrender vote), but should just create an invisible tally. And when enough of these invisible tallies are reached for a certain player, they are silenced. This could be used to achieve the same results, while reducing the amount of conflict that a public vote might bring.
0	At first, when I read your comment. I wanted to rage-post. Than I took a moment and came to understand your point.   It's true, why don't the females get the blame in these situations. When my past Exs cheated on me, I proceed to only confront the men and not the Exs. I learned my lesson rather fast, from that point on, I confront the female first. Did that with my last girlfriend, found some nudies of her and a dude. She came home from work with her shit on the lawn, and her family ready to haul her skanky ass home. No arguments, no questions, done with that drama.
1	Overral a team's strategy can stay the same though if the same player is willing to work harder at the game to become more mechanically skilled and aware of the position they're in as a result of lol patches. Building a team around doublelift is still hugely viable because of his mechanical skill and capability as an adc. I think it's not as much a question of a player's role but really how they fit into a team and the role they play. CLG has played with the same basic foundation of protecting doublelift so he can carry and building other strats around it to maximise his carry potential.   I mean sure you can change your strategy to suit the lol patch, but you can't trade player personality/playstyle just because of a lol patch and expect to be able to win straight away. The problem is that as soon as the patch favors a certain meta, it can just as quickly change again and the teams that survive are the ones who have developed strategies and team comps that they know they can play regardless of the changes and incorporate the changes to suit them but not rely on them as a central point in their strategy. This is how teams like Curse and CLG win - they stick to what they know can win them the game and utilise advantages from the patches to leverage this.   You don't have to switch the focus of the team strategy which you trust and know just because of a patch, playing with what's comfortable and developing a way to complement it is much more advantageous than changing your game plan.   For example EG vs SK in Week 1, EG rolled out a new strategy which didn't fit into their playstyles and this allowed SK to take advantages snowballing to a victory. This was implemented with Olaf utilising health as a core strategy to win. Kev1n played more or less the same as he always did, but utilised the patch to give him the advantage.
1	pick renekton, buy wards and go ham. Literally all you need to do lol. Jax is honestly my fav champ when i see him picked in ranked. I just pick renekton and i know for a fact he can't touch you in lane. Also bring ignite all in him lvl 3. Harass with powered q whenever he wants to farm and just stall it so it doesn't go near his turret. If he comes out you kill him.
1	I was just thinking today that Esports fans don't seem to be dedicated to any specific teams. I grew up in Massachusetts and I love football so my favorite team are the Patriots and I don't switch to a new favorite team because they lose a super bowl or are accused of cheating, I'm a Pats fan. My friend who introduced me to the LCS is a TSM fan and so I became one too, they are a good team and they're fun to watch. After MSI I'm still a TSM fan, they dominated this split and the had a great performance at IEM, one bad weekend of games doesn't make TSM bad. Throughout MSI I've seen people switch favorite teams and some even switch favorite regions and when something goes wrong they jump off the bandwagon and on to the next one. I do think Dyrus has some stuff he could do better, I think Santorin needs to have a bigger impact on the game and I think loco is over confident and that could be affecting his coaching, but I'm not a pro or a coach, I don't know how to fix these problems or if there's more to it than what we see.
0	Hey friend... What does
1	I just wanted to say that it could be more difficult to become a doctor after taking a year off for this reason. I think it's good to have a goal, and good luck. Maybe this experience will help you figure out what you truly want to do long-term. Medical school and working in the hospital is not a life I would want to live if it was not my dream to do so.   In terms of what you might face: "Why do you want to become a doctor?" transitions into "Why did you take a year off?" during an interview. They might have initially worried that you took it off for a tragedy or lack of academic preparedness. If you become pro, how do you explain that you delayed garnering the knowledge to save people's lives so you could practice 12 hours a day on League?
0	I knew of her throughout high school but we never really bonded. She used to bug me to take a picture with her at lunch everyday because she was friends with my younger brother in middle school. I Would always shoot her down, but i would always make sure our paths cross every lunch on my way to class. I remember at the end of the year on the last day i finally took a picture with her.     Fast forward to the middle of college, I had been single for month and months after being dumped by a girl I was seeing. I was friends with alex on social media and I began talking to her to expand my social circle. I found common ground with her when I found out she was a huge fan of greys anatomy.     So we started hanging out and she laughed at my jokes and thought I was general funny,  Which is a keeper in my book. I realized I had a thing for her so I told her and she admitted to having feelings as well. So we started going on dates and everything was as amazing as a honeymoon phase could be.     However I got sick over the holidays of our first year I had gotten sick and as diagnosed with testicular cancer and had surgery. Luckily I dodged a bullet and have been in remission ever since. She came and took care of me the day after my surgery and I knew i loved her then. But I was jaded from my previous relationship and didn't express how I felt right away.    So we date and we date and we reach one year and everything is great. Then we slowly fought more and more. I was never great at communicating when I Would be upset.  And she felt I wasn't really trying to move forward in life and felt like she way banging me.     So we stay together and it gets rougher and being together the problem between us. So after I did things I shouldn't have and she said things she shouldn't have we called it quits. Coming up on a year ago. I loved that girl even though we hated each other. She was my best friend and showed me so much about myself and what I needed to do with my life and I will always be grateful
1	Xerath's innate penetration coupled with a   can sometimes offset the need for penetration runes. IMO he works well with movespeed, scaling MR, scaling/flat AP,  mana regen  and cooldown reduction. A huge chunk of Xerath's burst is in his ult, and CDR enables you to have it up more (though itemizing it can initially hurt total burst); if you want CDR, good choices are  ,  , and situationally   or  . Total glasscannon-AP works on Xerath, though, since his passive grants him a nice bit of armor and Locus of Power's utility is amazing.   His stun tends to be a one-point wonder since it scales pretty well with AP alone -- the decision of balancing spec between Arcanopulse and Locus of Power usually leans toward Arcanopulse, though Locus of Power's long early cooldown might warrant a couple extra points pre-9, especially if your lane opponent picks up   or  .   Xerath may seem 'difficult' due to being reliant on skillshots, but if you have solid mechanics he's no different than other mages. His primary damage-dealing attacks are all AoE, though; positioning is as key to playing Xerath as it would be any AD carry.   Though you'll have that armor steroid, you're not  ,   or  . You're more like   -- you won't perform optimally up close and personal or with a tanky-AP build. I would even go so far as to dissuade picking up  .   In lane, don't burn too much mana. Your poke is great, but pre-blue only poke to either counterpush or learn how your lane opponent jukes Arcanopulse. Mage Chains only stuns if you can land a second ability, and if you can, great!  Otherwise, conserve your mana and don't get cocky just because you have huge range.   Post-6, your lane opponent won't want to 1v1 unless they know they can outplay you (read: they know you miss Q/R) or they don't know your burst is amazing. The latter is surprisingly common. In teamfights, stay back, deal tons of damage and zoom zoom zoom.   Build goals are rarely different from other standard AP mids.   is good,   should be mandatory,   gives you kiting power (don't buy if you chose  -> ).   If cooldown reduction is something you plan on itemizing,   and nothing else unless you never have access to blue buff. Never   unless you have absolutely no forms of healing reduction on your team and the enemy team is   -- if that does happen, chances are you're playing blind pick.   I haven't found an 'optimal' set of masteries for Xerath; whether you pick up CDR, MPen, MR, or movespeed, he'll benefit positively.
1	I'm going to politely disagree with his point. What I don't think that a lot of people are thinking about is there is a difference between "right and wrong" and "legal and illegal". What they did was very wrong and probably will/did hurt the esports scene/LoL. However from what I can tell they did nothing that at the time was/or seems to be illegal. Therefore I think that MLG was wrong to punish the two teams. Next time though I think that they need to add rules (maybe even Riot needs to do this) to deter this thing from happening in the future.
0	I have to go through ivf to have kids. When me/my wife gets asked this (1 year anniversary next month) it makes me want to crack someones fucking skull open.
1	Problem is lol doesn't take much skill. Once you have the mechanics down the rest is game knowledge. If someone isn't stupid enough to escape safe regions on 9hp then it is quite hard to dominate them in lane. That's enough time for your team to make stupid decisions and feed the enemy.   Consider the premise that I find players on low levels in most games tend to do what a player says in matchmaking only if he is outright ripping even in games like counter-strike. Since its quite hard to do that against any player who knows what they are doing in league its hard to show that your understanding of the game is sufficient to have a significant impact on the game.   It's an odd phenomena but it is an explaination. I can go 5-0 against players in counter-strike because of the skill ceiling even if my whole team feeds on first round. League simply isn't a difficult enough PvP game mechanically but strikes a balance between casual and competitive play.
0	Just for an FYI I am not a Walmart supporter or against them but I feel like this needs some more info.   I've worked for them for 4 years. I make about $13 an hr. If I worked harder and tried to move up it could be more. I get 2 weeks paid vaca, affordable health and dental care, a good 401k plan, stock purchase and flexible hours.   My store manager worked for the company for 15 years and moved up with hard work. No college education. Store managers salaries start at $95,000 a year. Bonuses can be up to % 110 of their salary. Co managers make anywhere from $75,000 to $90,000 not including bonuses and assistant managers make about $35,000 to $60,000.   For all the walmart hate, it's a company where if you don't, or even if you do have a college education, you can make a very good living and have great job security. It's very hard to get fired from.   Although I think they have a bad economic impact and I don't support them buying most products from China, it's not as bad of a company to work for as most ppl make it out to be
0	As someone who recently went through a breakup and with a history of insomnia, I feel like if I stop reading reddit, I'll start thinking again, and then I might have a panic attack and cry myself to sleep. So yes, I'll click on one more link, until my brain stops functioning and I literally pass out.
0	That shit is...useless.   I see this sentiment a lot, but it's really untrue. Chit chat should be where you try to make inroads into various conversation topics. Someone asks about the weather and you comment on an outdoor activity you had planned or a book you were forced to start inside to read or something.   Of course, all this is useless if the only thing you ever do is try to harvest karma from memes or something equally uninteresting. For some reason grandma doesn't seem to understand that your tragically unlucky friend Bryan isn't real.
1	This game has become too fucking competitive for it to be fun anymore.  There has to be an in between.  Every champ, build, game, is either tryhard or troll.  What happened to tryhard casual?  If you are getting paid to play this game, or you are an exceptionally good player with dreams of one day getting paid to play this game, my post does not apply to you.  I love competitive league of legends, and watch every lcs/ogn game I can (kinda hard with my work schedule, but I try.   I just hate when people play things that make the game boring.  Especially if it is boring for both players.  If you are an adc that ACTUALLY LIKES playing caitlyn, a support who actually enjoys sona, a top laner who actually likes gragas, maokai, or alistar, go for it.  If you think its a boring champion that lanes safely and will "carry you through this elo"  dont do it.  Everyone hates you.   This does not mean I advocate trolling.  If you enter a ranked game with me, you pick soraka adc and you rush runaan's hurricane, because "banna splits op"  I hate you.  But if you really enjoy quinn or urgot, and admit they are lower tier champs right now (as botlane adcs, I know they are both monsters toplane) GO FOR IT ANYWAYS.
1	Personally I think it's a phase of people experimenting with new things but it will revert back to the AP mid scenario soon enough. The reason I say this? It isn't really very good. I have seen bruisers mid, played against them myself even and all it takes is to not start a fight. You have better range/harass so focus on farming and throwing a few pokes out. If you get him low enough you can burst him down before he can beat you up otherwise you just farm.   It is just a different mid playstyle that needs to be adopted in this situation. An AP can not fight a bruiser easily 1v1 because of cooldowns but with some careful play and slow harass the AP has the advantage. Plus in the long run, if the enemy team doesn't have an AP they lack a strong source of damage mid-late game.
0	I am typing this comment while eating a stale egg salad sandwich and a gatorade that together cost me $6 at my colleges commuter cafeteria.   The problem is that most colleges in the US have outsourced its cafeteria work to contractor such as Sodexo or Chartwells. These corporations provide workers, inventory and some equipment at a fixed cost to the institution. Their contracts almost always include a clause that all food service must come through them. Your fraternity wants to have a cookout? Better get permission or do it off campus. You want to sell coffees in the student center to raise money for the Student Government? Better clear it with food service. These companies then set the prices on meal plans as well as cash prices on item, while they are in a monopolistic position, where they can lower their quality and raise their prices and 90% of the student body will still be stuck eating their shit and paying through the nose for it because it would take an extra hour they don't have to go off campus to find alternative food or are too lazy to cook their own. the problem is, in the words of George Carlin "They have you by the balls, and no one seems to notice, no one seems to care".
1	The thing is... Teams should not ban the champions Op says but bait and counter pick their tactic. Why US fail to win against C9? Because teams have poor team play. C9 tactic is to go for early objectives and then dive them when all have ults. With early advantage from objectives and the dive tactic they make enemy panic even with their towers protection. Teams should be prepare for this. Its Std C9 play.   No Us team can counter play that with teamplay and coordination atm so they need to find others tactic to prevent that.   I think Vulcan is the close one to that, still I only see Koreans and some EU team with team play to counterplay them.   I would love to see GG vs C9 so see if C9 dives work against other lvl of teamplay and coordination teams like GG and koreans have. Maybe in September =)
1	I disagree, a good jungler will make the right decision, and know who will make more use of the buff. I am a platinum and relaying on your mid to kill or start to snowball his lane isn't a proper way to approach things. As a plat player,  i often meet people that are equally matched as me, and it's REALLY hard to kill them without trying to pull some risky faker play, which in ranked is something, you want to avoid. For example, a good Lee jungler, would be able to realize that his mid Orianna would make more use of the blue buff against the enemy Syndra, despite nobody dying yet. It would instantly give your ally the ability to pressure,harass,and roam, and just a full control over the lane, which is crucial for a mid laner to carry. But if you're an Elise, and both enemy top and bot are aggressive, and you need the extra cdr and mana to gank, while your mids are passive, than sure as hell take it, because you will make more use of it. But most of the time when you're a lee, it's good to give it to your ally, unless they are losing their lane hard, and have died few times already.
0	Not saying I disagree with the ruling. I do believe the LGBT community should have the same rights. But this meme made no reference to the vote tally. I do believe the majority voted for equal rights but my post was referring to the possibility of the other case.   I did not dig to find the answer because it frankly doesn't matter.   Also for clarification I consider myself a conservative moderate. Socially liberal but economically conservative. And seeing the hard economic times I lean more towards conservatism.
0	Although the majority of alien shows are bullshit, there are a few good ones that base their reasoning off science and logic..... unfortunately they don't get played on the science channel. I don't mind the shows that much because of what they represent, our thirst for knowledge, a chance to discover the fact we aren't alone. I for one hope we make contact soon because the state of the world could use an outside factor to unify all humans. Maybe not for war, but as a wake up call that we need to get our shit together, we aren't the best.
1	The best support to learn to support on?  Soraka.  She's very strong as a passive healbot to deny basically any poking and keep your carry topped off.  Plus, when it comes time to improve, you can use her to learn map awareness for her ult, plus good times to silence (channeled ults, prior to burst combos, stopping stuns/snares, etc).   If you someone a bit more aggressive, Sona's a good choice.  She's got a decent strong lategame due to her aoe movement speed increases and auras (the only +ap buff from a support too, on her q).  Also, her ult is amazing for both catching people, as well as flash-ult initiations.  Furthermore, if you get good at poking/utilizing her passive, you'll find that she's very complex for a support (such as, when should I stop using q passive, who should I target with w passive, should I be using w passive or e passive now, etc etc).   Overall, they're the easiest two to get into, and they're also, coincidentally, two of the top supports.   Alistar is probably top 3 as well, but he's more difficult to get into.  To play him well, you have to be really comfortable about knowing when you can dive with his ultimate, plus you have to be able to land your combo with a good amount of regularity.   Taric and Janna I'd put as the 2nd tier of supports.  Taric, even though he's my personal favorite, is rather outshone in many respects by Sona.  Better auras, better stun, heal about the same, but lacks Sona's movement increase, slow, and damage reduction.  Admittedly, he's more bursty vs Sona's pokey, but in most cases, Sona is better.   Janna is certainly good, but she has a tendency to really shine when played passively, and to that extent, she's behind Soraka.  The lack of a consistent heal really hurts her laning.  On the other hand though, she is the best support for "damage control."  I.e. if shit hits the fan, Janna's ult and q can really save your ass.  That, and a free best friend's sword on her shield makes her amazing late game, but you need to trust your ad carry to not only be good, but to be able to survive w/o heals (wriggle's is generally a good grab w/ a Janna support).   All of the other supports (Nunu, Blitz, Karma, Zil, Nid) are definitely not the ones you want to get into as your first support.  Karma's a better mage, Nid's a better top, and the others focus heavily on being able to effectively zone out your target with snowballs, bombs, or the threat of blitz-grabs.
0	Good point, but the conduct of the officer in the story would not be a proper response if he did believe the guns they were using were real. If he took actions that were based on the belief that the guns being used were real, I might side with you, but based on the facts given it sounds more like the officer made no attempt to either disarm or subdue the suspects, and instead asked them to line up against a wall, still armed. If an officer did come across a few armed individuals actively holding and pointing (as I would assume the kids had been doing) guns, then his reaction is far more lenient than I would expect. Mistaking a fake gun for a real one is a possibility, and the kinds of pressures that officers face in a situation like that is serious, but let us not equate a possibility for mistake with a justification for actions taken without the mistaken belief.
1	Frankly, I don't care. I'm not into the lore or anything, but the stuff you are and were doing before the Freljord patch, before Zac and before Quinn... It's just awesome. The characters come to life before we've even met them.
1	I'll have to disagree with you mate. Not a dlift fan or anything, but the "as long as dlift is in clg they'll keep losing" statement is wrong.   Dlift is a good player that can carry clg, the problem is not that he's on the roster but the way clg plays. For 4 seasons now CLG has been doing teh same thing over and over again - they keep bringing quite good players and instead of saying "ok we have a good top / jungle / mid / sup / adc, let's play this and that and try our hardest to win all lanes, for some reason they are sticking to "we have a dlift, no matter who else is on the team we're playing protect the doublelift, get doublelift fed and let him carry".   Seraph is a good toplaner, dexter is a good jungler and so on, in an environment where the toplaner is playing to win toplane and do his job in teamfights which is get on enemy carries / be a 2ndary initiator / distrupt enemy as much as possible, and the jungler tries to snowball mid top and bot so they can all win their respeective lanes + controll objectives. I'll give a crazy example here (note im not comparing the both just using it as example) - You can't bring Faker to another team and tell him "yo you should play a champ with shields and peel and your #1 priority is to get doublelift fed." No, it doesn't work like that. If you're trying to make one guy on the team look good by forcing everyone else to play uncomfortable picks or alter their playstyle so dlift can look good - it will never work. I'm sure if CLG would let link or seraph or dexter carry them they'll win much more games than when they try to support dlift. LoL is not /you know which other game/ there is no such bulshit like 1 carry and 4 supports on a team - forcing that shit in league leads to losses as everyone and their grandmother knows they should just camp the doublelift lane, get him behind and force clg to struggle mid-late game due their carry being underfed or afk farming some sidelane.
0	Dude, why?   Your crush reads your reddit comments, and has no problem. She'll now know you like her.
0	I had a friend who did this during Firefly this year. We arrived at 6 am on friday thinking we would beat the traffic but was greeted with 2 miles of traffic. My friend, the leader of our 4 car caravan, made the decision to cut every single solitary car in that line. I was in the back seat of the 3rd car and hid in shame as we slowly passed each car until we got to the front. I was so mortified i could have thrown up. After the initial shock wore off about 30 seconds later, i realized my friend saved us hours sitting in a hot car on a summer morning in the Delaware woods and i loved him for it
1	I had two people diving me at my tower when I was at ~100 health as Tryndamere, level 5. I juked around the tower and got 1 of them killed. The kill leveled me up to 6, I ulted right as I was about to die, and I ended up killing the second one (with the help of the double kill) for the amazing juke level up.
0	I also work inside a retailer for a 3rd party cell phone company.  I have the worst of all customers.  She came into my store and my employee added a line to her account per her request.  She stated that she worked for the company that she was with.  She then stated not to add anything to her account besides the minimum because she wanted someone at work to add the other stuff for her.  We give every customer the standard speech (including her) that you have 14 days to flat out return without a cancellation fee, 30 days to exchange, etc. She comes back in on day 15 and says that she wants to flat out return her phone.  I inform her that she is over her 14 days and that she would have an early termination fee.  She asks if she can get her company to waive it if she can return it.  I say this is no problem I will take it back up to 30 days.  She then returns on day 31 and says that there is no insurance on her phone and that she wants insurance.  I inform her that we gave her the speech that it must be added within 30 days and that she stated that she didn't want it added at the time that she purchased her phone.  She ends up throwing a tantrum right there in the store.  I am as calm as I can be and just explain everything I can as best I can.  She then leaves complains all the way to the retail store's corporate office and my company's corporate office.  It all comes back on me.  Looks like she was never informed and that I was very rude to her. My boss says just exchange the phone and put insurance on the new phone.  Come to find out that she had swapped the phones (first line now had added phone, second line now had her original phone).  She had insurance on the line we added but not her original line.  She tried to return her broken phone that was originally on her first line.  She was just trying to scam us.  But in the process got me talked to by some very high up people that believed her lines of crap.  Even more, we recently just switched companies in the store and so if you purchased your phone before a certain date you have to call a number if you have issues with your phone.  She came back in and tried to return her phone again!  I gave her the number and sent her on her way.  Nice thing about it is I got to report her to my old company, to my new company, and to her cell phone company (her employer).
0	man come off it, i wasn't trying to insult you. it was more of a friendly "howdy stranger, you have time to do strange and pointless things. i will point it out." i thought it was funny and upvoted your posts.
0	Well... Sorry to bring this up again but who knows this info might be useful to some people in the future so here we go again.
0	Today, I also found out my bike was stolen.   It was stolen a few weeks ago, but long story short, I found the cable cut when I went to get my bike a week after I moved out of my apartment. I assumed it was impounded either due to an expired registration sticker, or the fact I was no longer a resident. It was late, so leasing office and impound center were both closed. I was going out of state and figured I'd just get it out of the impound when I got back.   So I get back last night, call the impound today... definitely don't have my bike (they would have notified me, plus kept the lock so I could prove it was my bike). So I call my apartment complex, and they ask maintenance/check storage. Never confiscated my bike. All this time it was stolen, and I thought it was chilling in the impound.   Probably the worst part is my bike is a wreck--the brakes don't really work, the seat falls off, and the gears don't turn. So, the bike thief most likely realized my bike was shitty and dumped it, so there's not much chance I'll ever see it again.
1	IMO, below 1200, carrying is much easier with a duo. If your friends are real 2k elo players, and you are a good player, there should be no problem at all in carrying 3 other people. If that's a problem, either you are too much of a burden on the team, or your friends arent really 2k   I was stuck at 1100 for a while, then I duo'd with a ~980 elo friend. I knew his skill was way above that of his elo, and that we both just needed a duo for the advantage of coordination and troll-avoidance   I got to just past silver, and my friend is at 1100 and climbing
1	Really wish it was 5 icon, and player can click at the icon that they can play, which turn yellow highlight, then when they double click it , a blue highlight and a "recommend" thing appear under that role as their prefer pick. It would make solo q a lot less frustrating....or more depend on whoever asshole put 4 unhighlight....Maybe even force people to put 2 or more highlight require before joining queue.
1	Hi there! This looks pretty nice, but there are a few things I'd like to say about it. First, and this is incredibly optional because it's easy to resize if one cares about that sort of thing, include a natural resolution, x1 size^^[when ^^pixels ^^are ^^only ^^one ^^pixel ^^in ^^length, ^^as ^^opposed ^^to ^^the ^^five ^^here] when displaying pixel art, mostly so people who would like to critique it, like me, can do so at its normal size. Second, It looks pretty nice! Most of the issues I have with it are palette choice. Specifically, her skin tones are nearly invisible on the environment, so your friend could probably switch around the darker color so it sticks out more on the mountain. The greens on the armor bits are a bit strange as well. She could very easily have only used three colors instead of the four there. As I was typing this out, I got a wee bit carried away and ended up editing it myself to make sure I wasn't completely wrong about what I was talking about, and as such, this exists now:  x1  x5   Most of what I did was to make sure it was readable at natural resolution. You'll mostly see that in the sash. Also, I made the highlights on her hair[and sword? Can't remember] pure white so it's more noticeable.
1	Telling players how much damage one of their abilities can possibly do does not in any way lower the skill cap of a champion OR the game. Syndra's ultimate for example, gives you the possible max damage assuming max amounts of spheres. Now we are explicitly told this in the tooltip but does that make it easier for me or any other player to pull off the combo and ability in an actual fight? Like heck it does. (not even mad)
1	not a TSM fan but I'll pick apart your critic   >Ok so many people have been concerned about the performance of Dyrus lately   last 3 years   >These are the same people who call themselves fans.   literally anyone who watches them play   >Well I think most of you "fans" should just stay quiet. Why? Because you know what, when Dyrus actually does get benched, it's you "fans" who are going to turn around and cry about it,   And then they play a game do exceedingly better and no one is going to care. The worst thing about TSM is the amount of leeway Dyrus gets when people have been asking him to be benched for so long. Reginald was on the team...Dyrus was the weakest link they gave him another year still the weakest link this continues to here we are where a single player on the team isn't the target of hate (like regi was) so when they lose the casual redditor can't just blame a player for the other players fucking up and what happens? They pick a player who "everyone likes" because for the longest time he has preformed the worst yeah he didn't preform below expectations at this event and while I'd be glad to see him go more than anything it's nice to see the community finally lay blame where it deserves.   >. Teams don't ban out and camp Dyrus   you didn't need to continue that sentence it was correct with just this   >TSM junglers literally don't give a single fuck about Dyrus,   this is a pretty good coaching decision because giving Dyrus attention (as seen previously by TSM and WFX) doesn't work   >Dyrus gets 3 man/4 man ganked   same thing happens to the other top laner they just are at the expected level and realize that they can't be there when it happens   > Then he has to come on here and see all your shitty comments about how he should be benched.   well as I stated earlier he hasn't improved at all and his performance was rather expected of him so maybe he will stop pretending like him feeding and playing badly is ok because his team will carry him and actually improve as a player or find a team without aspirations of making it to worlds   >all the way to the bench, everyone turns around like the two faced children they are and act like that player shits gold for the rest of time.   Referring to Nien? He was the best top laner in NA at the time and the best "clg top laner" that they would ever find. If you mean Seraph...yeah he's still bad
1	Wrong flair for this :) Graves is a early - Mid game AD with okayish lategame   If let graves and vayne 1v1 from lvl 1 on graves will hit vayne hard til ~ 2 complete items on vayne and a good graves wont push the wave to you , so he stays relevant for longer , because 3- 4 item graves > 2 item vayne if both approch 4 damage items vayne will shit on him for sure but til this point the burst ad should win against the behind hypercarry
0	I took it today, I didn't bring a calculator for the Math portion because, hey, last time they gave me a nice graphing calculator. When I raised my hand to ask for one I thought I was the victim of a cruel joke. I was handed a pitiful TI-30, a calculator that can neither graph nor do basic order of operations. I find it pathetic that they can SCREW you if you can't afford your own calculator. The worst part is, I had a nice graphing calculator, AT HOME. FUCK MY SHIT, I was hoping to get at least a 27 on Math to show myself prepared for AP Calculus. I'll be lucky if I got a 25 with that piece of shit. I realize the entitled tone of my passage, but it is seriously extremely difficult and time-consuming to do most any type of equation or graphing from scratch.
1	My gf and I started gaming together and it all started with Strip Tekken. Best of 3 rounds each K.O results in the loser to strip a piece of clothing.... we worked up to Counter strike, and things of that nature, I just started teaching her league, nothing better than seeing the missus' bare chest while also oogling Janna's :D
1	Honestly, from what I've seen.. you really can't do much but just realize that solo queue is like this and this won't change.  It's the nature of this game, and it's the nature of the internet in general.  Also, the League ranking system isn't necessarily as flawed as people make it.  If you are good enough, you will rise up eventually.  Placement matches just make the beginning either easier or harder.   If you truly want to play with good teammates, just duo queue with someone you know.  Or better yet, join/form a ranked team.  The game is a lot different when you play with a team mentality rather than a solo one.  And being able to play with friends and place yourself against them is what makes this game fun.
1	I think you greatly overestimate the increased damage from pen. If I may:   With a flat penetration value the absolute highest damage increase possible happens if the target has exactly the same resist value as you have pen. For example if you have 30 mpen then the absolute highest damage increase possible will occur if your target has a maximum of 30 MR. The damage increase will be 30% in this case. If you have 30 mpen and 20 reduction from abyssal and your target has 50 MR then your damage increase will be 50%.   The above is, as I said, a BEST case scenario. If you don't penetrate all of a target's resists then you're left with less than a 1:1 % damage increase. If you walk into lane and gank a target with 40 armor on darius, speccing 0/9/21 just because you feel like eating biscuits and moving fast, then the damage you lose because of the no 8% ArP is fairly low on targets that don't have heaps of armor yet.   Comparing the damage between 8% pen and no pen on a target with 40 armor:   8% of 40 = 3.2   The formula of   1 + [ .01x ] * [ 100 / ( 100 + y ) ] x is the amount of mitigation you are penetrating. y is the amount of mitigation you aren't penetrating.    can be used to calculate the damage output.   So in the case of 8% on someone with 40 of the same resist type (3.2 pen) , the damage increase will be   1 + [ .01(3.2) ] * [ 100 / (100 + 36.8) ]     = 1.023    That is a 2.3% damage increase from the 8% pen on that target.   Using another example on a jungler that would usually take AS and not have pen (such as Maokai). Let's say the target has 40 armor and 38 MR, since they took armor yellows and per level blues and are level 3 or so and then use these values to calculate the difference between having pen and not having pen. 8% of both types of pen with hybrid marks vs no pen at all (ignoring the very slight increase of AD and AP you'll get at these early levels).   First, 8% of 40 and 8% of 38 are 3.2 and 3.04 respectively. Add in .9x9 ArP and .61x9 Mpen from the hybrid pen marks and that makes 11.3 ArP and 8.53 Mpen. Using the same formula (ArP calculations first):   1 + [ .01(11.3) ] * [ 100 / (100 + 28.7) ] = 1.083  1 + [ .01(8.53) ] * [ 100 / (100 + 29.47) ] = 1.066    That's 8.3% extra damage on all your physical damage (auto attacks for maokai) and 6.6% extra damage on all your magic damage (all abilities for maokai). Basically you probably do a lot more damage than you think without pen :D
1	It's not worth worrying about. Someone got replaced, but because she has a vagina between her legs, all of the internet nerds / white knights wanna step up and be detectives and "figure it out". There's nothing to figure out. If she was a guy, no one would care and this wouldn't be on the front page.
1	Chaox's best champion is tristana....   Kennen has the possiblity of stunning the entire enemy team. If not at least dealing quite a large amount of damage and also forcing the enemy to scatter.   IMO I don't think CLG has realized that the name of the game in this tournament is snowballing your top lane. Constant early pressure on the top lane is what has won games time and time again. TSM has done this on Voyboy, and CLG being their stubborn selves naturally still went on along with the "island lane" concept of top lane. I think CLG's inability to be flexible is their real downfall. They are extremely strong players, but time and time again, they get countered by the enemy bringing out NEW things out of the blue, like DIG's heal the kogmaw comp, refusing to ban scarra's akali a few tourney's back, and now this aggressive snowball the Dyrus play.
0	And now you're raking in all the karma on /r/adviceanimals like all the other people who come to whine about mods enforcing the rules of their subreddit. I guess the rules of a subreddit are just too
1	Long story short this guy is not a tool box. He knows what the fuck is up.  His stream is informative, entertaining and just fucking funny.  He is also ex military (even if a swabby) so show some love.
1	Now that you have clarified that you meant ad, (and btw i never said i supported adding the ad ratio, i asked for thoughts, thank you for responding.) early game she would still be able to be bursted by a jungler if the jungler and the laner have cc, and then later her heal would do much less than what it did early on. Also adding an ad ratio would promote more q spam and that would mean you will have to be smarter balancing out your mana spent on heal and spear.
1	Supports need to support with their kits and not with exces gold they get now. They need to be cc/utility bots. They dont need fucking lyandries on zyra (even if no one plays zyra atm). Fiddle was in perfect spot before his fear nerf. That fear was what described his personalty as a champion and as a support. He had that long single target hard cc with decent silence and decent dmg if he gets off nice ulty, there was no need to nerf him so hard since tenacity already had great impact on fear duration (longer cc duration more longer you negate it with tenacity). We now see leona with gold close to junglers even if she is supporting and she turns into fucking super cc tank. That wasnt supposed to happened. If she is supporting she should have decent and maybe below par tankines compared to top laner and jungler. She now just becomes even more tanky then jungler and has far more superior cc. Leona just outshines rest of supports traditional or not traditional. There is ofc thersh that i think is in perfect place when it comes to kit but he too becomes too tanky with excess gold he gets in this preason.
1	I know exactly how you feel right now. When I started ranked I had a 26 game lead.   And then it just dropped like a rock when I got super unlucky and had about 12 games in a row where I had 1 person on my team either   A; intentionally feed, like 25+ deaths intentional. Mobility + zeals   B; Leave, "Fuck this nocturne jungle didn't give me red, noobs. "DC""   C; Continually disconnect, "Sorry guys, this happens kinda regularly, I just have to live with it."   PS. If you know your internet isn't 100% reliable, don't play ranked, ever. Seriously, if I knew my internet wasn't 100% reliable I'd play draft/blinds.
0	To me the ad seems pretty straight forward and genuinely about this country being a diverse place.   I'm not going to pretend to know what the marketing team was thinking when making the commercial. But if you look for ulterior motives in anything it's pretty safe to say you can "find" one.
0	There is a difference between meat and plants/grains at a molecular level, and cats have a very hard time digesting plant matter to get the nutrients they need to survive. I have no personal experience with Evolution brand cat food, but my friend's cats did not take it well. Other cats tolerate it quite well.   I didn't downvote, but if I had to guess, I would say that people are downvoting the very idea of forcing a cat to eat vegan food. The ethical arguments for going vegan are predicated on the idea that humans can 1) survive without meat, and 2) choose to do so responsibly. Cats have neither the choice nor the natural ability to go meatless.
0	I had to keep a wristband on for a weekend festival. On the way home, I tore it off (it was a particularly tough one). For like a few weeks, it felt like I still had it on. I thought it was in my head at first, then I realized must have damaged some kind of nerves when I tore it off.
1	What prices are we looking at on this guy? He sounds very fun, and i like his skills a lot! I think maybe he should have no cost on his q as it sounds like his only harrass so would be spammed, therefore if he uses it too much he wouldnt be able to buy any items. Maybe replacing the Networking passive with something like the ancient coin passive, or else maybe the philosopher's stone passive? That would help his gold costs a lot. Also 20% off 35 gold for a health pot is 28 gold :P which is about 3 seconds of waiting.  So
1	I have played a shitton of Jax, and he is by far my favorite characters in league, and one of the reasons I enjoy the game so much. With that said, I would like to discuss an alternative AP based Jax build involving stuff like lichbane, rylais, gunblade and dcap. I've played him that way a couple of times against AP heavy teames, and while it's not quite as viable in most situations; Holy shit is it ever fun. Turns him into a burst champ that can blow someones HP bar to null every three or four seconds when spells come off cd. Downsides are not getting as tanky as the AD/ Hybrid builds, but you can't have everything now can you?
1	You have a point except for the fact that the new icons just look flat out worse than the old ones - both artistically, and functionally.   They don't fit the art style of most of the champions, and even accounting for the general aesthetic changing, they don't fit the art style of the map or UI either. They look like they belong in Starcraft 2 or Diablo 3...   They're also MUCH harder to differentiate between when compared to the old ones.
1	Also, if they are on skype, they can lose the game by just telling their teammates when anyone comes to gank (or is low/recalling, where they are).  Having knowledge of where everyone is without having to buy wards can be powerful.   Also, have some excuse like "I need to feed my dog" or "My phone is ringing, brb real quick" and then afk for a couple minutes.  The opposing laner should get far enough ahead in farm that they could gain enough of an advantage to beat you in lane (especially if you try to towerdive them or something equally stupid).
0	The only drowning scare I've ever had (I am a very strong swimmer), I was in Mazatlan, Mexico and a rip tide carried me out. I knew to swim parallel to shore, so I did that. Problem was, I was swimming parallel to shore  against  the current, which was making it even harder. I knew it was important to swim parallel to shore, but in state of panic and exhaustion, I did not realize which way the tide was going.
0	Over Thanksgiving while I was home I ran into my grade school bully. I'm not one of those people who is still angry about what happened when I was a kid, so I was nice and talked to him for awhile. He started acting a little weird, then finally said how he realized he was a mean kid a few years ago and instantly thought of me when he thought of who he was the worst to. He never thought he would get the chance to apologize face to face and is truly sorry for how he treated me. I told him not to worry about it and we were kids. I wound up being a better, nicer person because of it and am sort of glad I went through it. He turned out to be a really nice guy and I am glad he is doing well.
1	I read them but still watch the
1	For some reason I'm taking this a bit personally, I pretty sure that wasn't your intention(or was it) but I was just trying to say that as a jungler there are many decisions we have to make. And sometimes it might not be the correct decision, but it's a judgment call. All I was stating is that, as a jungler we have other objectives other than constantly going around trying to gank(sounds a lot worse than what I'm trying to make a point of). And in my situation most of the time it's not that my losing lane is losing because he's getting camped or what not, it's that he's making the bad choices and putting him/herself   Basically all I'm saying is that there are more than just ganking, if I, as a jungler, can control opposing buffs the whole game, always in the position to counter gank, or in better position to take objectives (all in which helps the team) then my bad that those decision may not put me around your lane when you want me there. But I'm still doing my job in regards to taking xp from their jungle, taking their buffs away from lanes, getting global $$$.
0	As much as I agree with the application of the law and the sentiment of OP and yourself that the system is unfairly tilted, it's a bad argument because it's irrevocably flawed. Male to female pedophiles are not apples to apples and while their punishment should be the same, their motives and mindset shouldn't be treated as such. End of story.   It's repulsive, its criminal, and it is illegal, but they are not the same in this case because there is a huge difference in the biological gender makeup (not to mention the societal and psychological implications of gender and how they were raised -just as a minor example, how many hours of sexual harassment training does a male American employee undergo vs. a female employee of the same rank. How much of the harassment is male harasser vs. female harassee... not questioning intent or complaining about it, just noting the difference in how society outlines the current process of qualifying unwanted sexual advances in terms of male v female--and this too will change as the demographics of the workplace shift)   It's not the problem you are complaining about... you are diagnosing the "this is exactly the fucking problem" response based on societal norms and thoughts of perceived inequality... which means you have effectively reduced the victim's trauma based on your own projection of how people view the crime.
1	EYE CATCHER   Hey reddit. I'm LagsAlot.  I'm a high diamond level midlane main on EUW.   I  upload things made by myself like  Montages ,  Commentaries ,  little Guides  and some plays by myself. Example : **[Reverse Twisted Fate Outplay](   Come and visit my stuff if you are interested in the things I am doing. I try to upload as many videos per week and I don't have a real schedule but I try to upload atleast 3 videos a week.   Click [ here ]( to see my  1st Midlane Montage  including Nidalee, Yasou and Zed plays and [ here ]( to see my  Nidalee only Montage . [ Here ]( you can see my  Youtube channel  at all.   I wish you a wonderful rest of your life.   Have a nice day.
1	Preface: I'm on a LOT of allergy medication so normally I'd be backing this post up with harder numbers and better justifications, but concentration is hard.   I lied. Here's some math about MF's W.   I'm going to do some dirty napkin math for you. Imagine an opponent has 106 magic resist. A fair number for mid to late game, right? Well, you, sir or madam, have 6% magic pen from masteries, reducing it to about an even 100. That's a 50% damage reduction on magic damage sources. Now, at level 16, you can stack your W on a target up to 8 times. Let's say you have an AS of 1.5. Over 6 seconds, you can attack 5 times and cast 3 Qs.   In those 6 seconds, you will apply 36 stacks of W for (.06 * 36 =) 2.16 AD magic damage. Even with a 50% dropoff, you've still applied an extra auto in those 6 seconds and will be doing 24% bonus damage on every hit. Obviously, against less armored targets, that magic damage becomes downright dirty.   Her W is good. Amazingly good. And you only need 1 point in it for full effect, letting you focus on your more important skills.   Ramblings   So MF is a bit of an odd duck. I'd say she's the most generalist of all the carries, consistently strong through the game. MF has sneaky advantage over most other ADCs in that she deals a surprising amount of magic damage. This makes her less weak to armor-stacking, but also makes it harder for her to outright overwhelm soft targets. Her damage is normalized by the reverse scaling, making her a more relevant threat to everything while removing her ability to outright dominate certain classes.   Her Q is one of her biggest skills. It applies on-hit effects up to twice and has a really low cooldown for its ratio. If you hit two champions with it every cast in a teamfight, it will be one of the highest-DPS skills in the game. One also can't underrate the importance of applying lifesteal twice on cast in addition to your autos.   I've gone over why her W is fucking amazing above, but it also gets a 6 second, 60% attack speed boost. 6 seconds is a long time. She is also the only remaining ADC with Grievous wounds, which can be incredibly useful against a bevy of heroes.   Her E has one of the strongest AoE slows in the game over a large area. The damage it deals is nice, too, but that slow is essential for surviving chase and securing kills. 65 bloody percent...   And finally, her ult. In lane, it's great for finishing off fleeing foes and in temafights, a solid 4-5 man ult can really soften up foes. It's not a late-game ult like Jinx's, but it can still soften up the crowd before she engages with autoattacks. It charges up her W against targets, letting her deal the full 48% bonus magic damage on every auto and Q before they even get into range, and can also apply cleaver fully if you have it.   This gives her a very cool build diversity. Triforce + Cleaver + Lucidity makes her an effective AD mid with GREAT burst potential and an AoE rend, while IE + BT makes her Q hit like a truck keep her alive longer as she relies on massive lifesteal, and IE + PD makes her a wrecking ball.
0	Its not that simple. To get that to happen you have to go back to the court and get them served for not paying.   Provided the officer can track them down and serve them a subpoena, you'll have to go back to court again the date of their summons. At this point the defendant can opt to pay in 30 days, or go back to court yet again with their financial records, where the judge will set a payment plan he determines they can afford.
0	Cars are specifically designed to protect you from death, if you feel like you don't have much control, get a car with rack&pinion steering and a tight suspension. Don't get an SUV or truck, they have poor safety, a five star crash safety rated truck is only worth a three star crash safety rated car and SUVs are graded as trucks. Get a heavier car though, sedans are good. If you find it scary then that is good, you should be. It will make you a better driver than most of the asshats on the road. However, if you are not inconvenienced by only using a bike, good on you keep on keeping on.
0	I felt this way for a really long time, but then I saw [this video](  I still didn't touch it for years, but this kinda changed my opinion on the drug itself. Went from a "marijuana is a terrible thing!" to a "well, I don't want to smoke it, but it isn't a bad thing in and of itself."   Fast forward to 6 months later, I'm working in a restaurant, and I move in with a co-worker who smokes.  After actually taking the time to see what it does to people / what the after-effects are, I decided to try it one night.  Other than not knowing what I was doing and burning my thumb, I had a pretty good time.  Food is legitimately like sex when you're high.   Nowadays I smoke on a fairly regular basis (although I'm not addicted to it by any means), and I'm pretty happy with it.  I just wanted to write this as a person who has come from your viewpoint and now stands on the other side.  I'm just really glad that the people I was with were cool enough to not be pushy when I was taking the time to make my own opinions.   I'm certainly not telling you that you should smoke, and I legitimately respect your decision not to.  Like I said, I've been on the other side and I do completely understand and appreciate the legitimate reasons for not smoking.  But in the future, if you've changed into a different person (I know I've changed over the years) and a little voice tells you "Hmmm, maybe I should try it just once," entertain the idea.  Just make sure you are with people who can explain what's going on and help you if you start to freak out (and are also not trying to pressure you into anything).
0	Thank you! Now I get it, finally. I'm a HUGE sci-fi fan but, no matter how hard I tried, I never could understand the appeal of this dumb show. I didn't realize it was a kid's show, but looking back, it's so obvious. As a kid's show, all the cheese makes perfect sense.   It's like the first time I saw "Married with Children". I had no idea what I was looking at. The show had been on for years, and I'd heard over and over again how hilarious it was, but since I didn't have Fox, I'd never seen it. Years later, after finally watching a random episode, I was absolutely disgusted by how horrible this family was. It wasn't funny. It was sick! But after another episode, I finally got it. This isn't a "Full House" sitcom. Of course they're horrible people. That's the joke!
1	I agree, most of the time i've been playing (2 years) i've been experimenting all sorts of builds on all the champions, figuring out alternative ways. I've jungled every single champion in the game (except Urf), they all have their hidden perks, but if you want them to work in an actual game, you have to adapt.   For example: when Innervating Locket was still in the game, people had no idea that Gragas was such a exceptional mage, instead people played him tanky, with sunfire cape, and it worked. If you'd do it now people will probably call you a "troll" in LoL terms, whatever that word means now.   Since you can customize ANYTHING about your playstyle and champion (items, build, masteries, runes, skins), you can eventually make anything work, but you need a team that understands that and adapts to it. The meta exists because it works, but you can easily flip it, if you find a way and your team adapts to it.   The meta also works because of counter-picking, which basically means doing exact opposite of what your opponent does, or being exactly in par with him/her (he/she is short ranged, tactical bursts, you pick long ranged high burst)   However, there are some champions which only support one role, for example: Xerath should be flat AP, always, you can't go AD on him because his range is far too great to give up on, making you useless. You can send him as a stunbot-support, but what's the point of having a long range and not dealing any damage, while you don't really benefit your team in any way?   I jungle'd Taric pre-rework, his early level burst was  fabulous , the sync between sheen, ultimate, shatter and dazzle was amazing, while he works early-mid i realized that jungle was too high of a position to give him, as junglers need to be present during all times of the game, i stopped playing him after the rework. He wouldn't have a chance anymore, the current jungles would probably circle his jungle 4 times before he manages to move to next camp.   Another thing is high-elo streaming, i bet 90% of all the players by now watch some streams, while they give good advice and builds, they still know something you don't, something that can't be just explained, you have to play it through and maybe you'll understand it, which is called  adapting .
1	You seem unnecessarily angry about this.  Riot does not pay out tournaments to exclude DoTA 2. It is a stretch to say that the player/viewerbase of DoTA2 poses a significant threat to the well-being of League of Legends.   What is  actually  happening is that Riot helps out Tournament organizers to have their game while Valve does not (Valve only does 1 big tourney a year for their game). Money/resources that Riot gives to MLG, ESL etc cannot be used on other games. That would be a -terrible- business practice.   Comparing factors now: Viewerbase size, official company support, same game genre. DoTA2 gets dropped business-wise because it won't give the same returns as League.
1	im not sure if im correct on this, but..     never first pick vayne   graves does pretty well against vayne and ashe, because graves has a stronger early game while the other two have relatively weaker early games   urgot is good at securing early game kills, and his ult is good to take advantage of out-of-position enemies   mf is strong early game too, and is best chosen to counter soraka / other healing champs such as vlad   trist can also counter soraka, however she falls off mid game until she gets an IE and zeal   corki and ez are comparable, but many people seem to like corki better (reliable burst, gatling gun to shred armor, good poke), but ez is a personal favorite of mine :)   ashe has amazing utility and team fight init., and her arrows can set up ganks for jungler, w is good harass   vayne is beastendgamegg   sivir has a good engage/disengage ult, and with the right supports, can harass pretty easily   cait has range, which pretty much means its hard to deny her farm     and probably most important,   -its important to pay attention to supports on both sides to really make your choice
1	Ok, so you are going to hate me for this, but downvote me if you must:   Its good for you.   Yup, it is totally good for you to get stomped like. It has happened to all of us, and will happen again. The reason why its good for you is (no, not some stupid bullshit about it building character and good sportsmanship, screw that) you learn how to play better this way. By watching these guys stomp you, you can see what builds or items they do to maintain a lead, what order they grab them in, etc. Hell, by the time the game gets 1/5 and you are feeling bad, WATCH the enemy team play. Are they successfully ganking? Maybe you should grab wards. Do you have a shit lane matchup? Maybe you should swap. Do they have some sort of ridiculous carry that is strong early game? Pay attention and make sure that carry doesnt get the items needed to be a late game force.   In short, yeah most of these games will suck. BUT there is ALWAYS something to learn here, even if it is merely how to snowball a toon. Pay attention to play style and builds, for one day, you may be ahead and need this info or be trying a new toon and build.
1	Well..i'm not so sure about this.   I have always felt that the main issue with ranked is that there may in fact, not actually be more raging kids than a normal game but the very fact that there is now a points element attached to the outcome of the game, suddenly it matters more to you.   If someone in an unranked normal game is flaming or generally just being unpleasant to play with, you tend to shrug, report them and carry on. With ranked, the actions of a troll/feeder/rager are much more noticeable because a loss incurred by them has a lasting legacy. You will remember those lost points, that promotion series you lost because of them. You dwell on it more and you convince yourself that this sort of behavior is endemic in ranked.   The end of the season tends to exacerbate this because you have this same issue of dwelling on the losses and actions of others in game, with this constant knowledge in the back of your mind that there is a deadline.
1	Excellent argument. I would like to preface by saying that I love TSM (specially Oddbro), but I totally respect CLG and will continue to admire them in terms of their play and personalities (even Chauster cuz he doesn't give two fucks and tells it straight up)   What I would like to say is that, while DB/Chauster may have the upperhand in terms of laning phase knowledge and strictly matchup based play, Chaoxpecial have much better team synergy, which IMO beats out any other quality that a botlane should have in terms of winning.   That being said, Doublelift is clearly the best mechanical AD Carry in NA and Chauster is most likely one of the top if not the top support in NA mechanically and in decision making (Xpecial so good tho mang). But with the recent changes in CLG (The 3 Way ((lulz)) between Dig and Crs) has allowed TSM's bot lane to surpass CLG's in decisions,teamfighting, adjustments, objectives, and everything that enables teams to win. I have a strong inclination though that after Korea CLG.NA will be fucking scary as Hotshot has pointed out in the Travis interview.   And in judging simply who is better PLAYER...that is very very subjective simply due to the team nature of the game. To do that you would have to look at who contributes more to their respective team in terms of winning . If you're going by pure ability to fucking hardcore carry the shit out of your team potential through plays mang then I would say Doublelift beats out Chaox handily. HOWEVER, you have to consider the fact that Chaox makes the picks and bans for TSM (albeit with heavy team input but he usually is the deciding factor) along with being one of the most consistent/ if not the most consistent AD Carry in the game.   SO...what you have here is the Mechanics vs Decision Making dilemma. IMO DB has a better chance of outplaying Chaox, yet at the end of the day (as of now) it won't matter because the chance of Chaox being where he needs to be.   EDIT:
1	Let me give you my short amount of experience as briefly as possible. Season two I almost strictly played ADC. Jungle was my secondary position. As ADC I generally duo'd with a support. You can win your lane hard and still lose, it comes down to your tanks and such being on par with others. IMHO mid and jungle are the easiest to carry from. Mid can win lane and roam wherever else. I'm in gold 3 right now and TF (who doesn't even have to win lane he can just roam) is a TERROR with someone that is decent. Jungle can take any lane and win it for them. He can win that lane so hard as well to just move on to another lane and win it too, sometimes all 3. When it comes to champs, for mid TF, Diana, Akali, Lux all carry hard IMO. For jungle Hec is a huge champ. He can go create so much presence in a lane. Lee Sin, Noct, J4 can "carry" as well.   Second, you've got to choose what works for you. For me, I can't play tanky champs and win. No matter how well I do in my lane or jungle I just can't win late game. It sucks. I play top and generally assassins/bursty bruisers (Akali, Lee Sin, Zed). My main is Akali, and she carries harder than anyone for me. She is so relevant late game, she can build-off tank and still destroy carries, she can roam mid or catch out the jungler. I understand top isn't the best place to carry from but it's where I'm comfortable, I've never been comfortable mid.   I know it's not easy, but find your groove. S3 started and I had never played Akali before. I started playing her top and after 80+ games have a 66% win rate with her so far this season. To me you should find champs that you feel you can carry with all game, learn that champ and just keep playing them. At your elo, if you're good with a champ counters don't matter.
0	The Jews had currency that they had to use for the sacrifice; they could not make the sacrifice with other money.  They didn't have that much of their own currency on hand because they were occupied by Rome at the time.  So, the bankers came in and let people exchange and charged them exorbitant amounts of fees for it so they could make their sacrifice.  They were screwing people over who were doing what they believed to be the right thing in the name of God.  The Roman government let the Sanhedrin (the Pharisees and Saducees) counsel stay in power, who would sell the Jewish currency to the moneychangers for twice what it was worth, then the moneychangers would sell it to the people for 5x that or more.  Jews are not supposed to charge interest, but they did so by proxy by selling it to the moneychangers, knowing it was going to be sold to the people at x markup.
1	What is the UI skin you are using, and how can I get it?   On topic - check out this thread
1	Agree on that one. There's not much to expand on terms of "comedy" regarding League, since League by itself is a limitative factor on comedy.   So it's refreshing and enjoyable when content like the
1	Just for your information considering future announcements like this:     give details, not just lines like  >I've completed some levels in it, without going fully ham on the details and gfx yet, and there's still alot of coding to do to, but yea     you are talking about a pretty big software project, so people are interested in technologies you are using. You can link your GitHub repository for example.     it is usually not very wise to post in such an early stage of your "idea". It feels like you are just a dude who wants to be in the spotlight. Complete a few minutes of playable content, create a small website where people can try it and afterwards you should post here.
1	I LOVE team builder and have been excited about it since I heard of it, and I had specifically stated "I wish they had a WoW-like dungeon finder blahblah" before and thought it was amazing that they actually DID make one.   HOWEVER.  I played a game yesterday.  Champ select went amazing  This was normal/draft pick.  I went mid, and some plat guy went jungle (I'm gold... so he's a superior being to me, apparently)  He was doing some shenigans with the enemy jungle and ended up dying EVEN THOUGH I reacted and tried to help, but missed a blind skill shot the flame was on.  Our top laner did... something questionable, not too sure, but this guy started bitching at him too, so then this guys premade buddy and some random other guy join in because apparently they were both very rude too and when I ask the enemy team to report once it escalates to all chat I get the standard "stfu noob"
1	Can we please stop lumping all the TSM fans as one group? I watched every single game of theirs and while it was hard to watch, you can't have a team win everything, especially when I believe their strategy doesn't work as well internationally. Am I upset, sure. Do I feel they could've played and done better, of course I do. Do I hate on Dyrus, no cause he's my favorite player on the team and I respect the way he plays. The one thing I wish for is for TSM as a whole to work on making Santorin fitting into the team better and to not let Bjergsen play Cho'Gath anymore. Santorin was good enough for the spring split but I do not feel he is able to consistently play well on an international level. All I can hope for is that they work to try and fix the problems they had in time for Worlds.
1	I understand that he is very strong in professional play, I have seen most teams that pick him win etc. but I don't think his kit is as ridiculous as people think. his strengths are good teamfight with godly laning phase just like kennen but better. Why do I say this? cause his initiation is an all in just like malphite or vi with no possibilities of escape, once you are in you are in, and with the removal of tenacity on his ultimate he can be ccd and made innefective in a fight, that is why he needs his passive, the only change that I see acceptable is to make his slingshot projectile even slower, so that adcs without mobility can get out of the way and prevent the initial knock up, and then he can be peeled and ccd.
0	When I was younger me and a girl were fooling around and she had told me that no one was to be coming home until that night. Some time goes by and I hear her front door open. So I jump up and was so scared of getting caught that I threw on her jeans. (I came in shorts) She runs and shuts her door and yells out "I'm getting changed", turns around and starts busting out laughing. They were way too small and barely went past my knees. Luckily it was her sister who had come I'm the house saw the door shut and asked what was so funny. After we got on the correct clothes she opens the door and her sister comes in and sees me sitting on the bed. He sister says " you could have just told me you were busy". And we just laugh and explain to her sister what happened. Glad she was cool about it. Could have ended worse.
0	I never hear people say we should hang out soon. I'm always the one that has to make plans, and then they are cancelled on me for shitty reasons, and the best one was "I just don't really want to see you". Thank you. I don't want to see me either, but too bad I'm stuck with it all the time because no one hangs out with me. Then another one of my friends only talks to me when he wants to hang out, I cannot get him to answer me ever at any other time. Feels like shit.
1	Before you judge my comment, Ninfang is a great buddy of mine and I respect everything he does and how he plays Rengar.   But this play has nothing special to it. He takes his jungler's red which gives him a crazy advantage (insta level 2, rengars prime cheese moment) and on top of that starts with a red pot. A fiddle running into a brush where Rengar is located isn't going to be pretty business. The fiddle wasn't even ranked in Soloq and the graves was diamond 1 (5 points). After the fiddle feeds him first blood it was going to be an easy clean up on the graves since he had red to chase him out.   Once you get that big of an advantage on someone with Rengar there is no hope for you. Pretty much sums this game up as the rest was just fiddle having no clue how to play against rengar and Ninfang just being way better than him.
1	As a support player, screw you all.   AD Carries: Caitlyn - Range, damage, pushing power, long range nuke ultimate, escape, vision + snare.   Junglers: Lee Sin and Elise - Utility and damage packed all up in these two champions. Range, sustain, CC, huge clear speeds, can win the game on their own.   Midlaners: Fizz - Rarely will you see Fizz lose his lane. Low cooldowns on all his spells, %missing hp dmg, nuke AoE ultimate, excessive mobility, untargetable every few seconds.   Toplaners: Renekton - Sustain, ability to annihilate enemy toplaner, decent at every stage of the game, huge mobility, CC, ult that gives HP in case he needs it.   While all these champions require certain skill level to play, Thresh is one of the champions who can more easily miss his spells than hit them. His Q is one trick pony, if you miss it you're going to get engaged on and lose the fight - if you hit you have the chance to either back away because your enemy is grouped around the person you hit and if you go in they'll instantly kill you or you have caught somebody off guard and you get a kill. His flay is a tricky spell. You can fuckup your team with it or you can save somebody in your team - but wait, that's not all - sometimes it doesn't even work properly... like 30% of the time. [His lantern is a spell with enough counterplay and good support players like Madlife use this to their advantage.]( I don't know about other support players but as of latest patch when they made his [R] Wall delay 0.75 instead of 0.5 seconds it isn't that much reliable for me anymore. It's way too clunky too use right now.
1	His end build was:   Boots   2x Doran's blade   1x Doran's shield   Botrk
0	Because some people like to believe that if they tear down another group, it makes their group(and thus, themselves) look better in comparison.
1	In my opinion a bit too weak. Riven is good at all-in bursts. And she does deal a lot of damage. But of the top laners currently played most are hard matchups for Riven. Especially bruisers like Renekton, Darius  and Pantheon are very difficult for Riven because they also deal a lot of damage but are tankier and usually either have sustain or ranged. Tanks like Malphite, Shyvana, Trundle and occasionally Volibear can also survive her burst and chase her when it's on cooldown. Late game carries like Ryze, Jax and Nasus outscale her more quickly after her nerfs. Ryze and Nasus become a problem for Riven if they get their armor and HP item(s). And Riven has to kill them and take a lead early or get outscaled soon where they only need to wait without dying. Jax can already outtrade her early on if he manages to block her passive with E. And he also outscales Riven. I don't think she should get buffs or something because them she would 1-shot every squishy. And that is her strong point, bullying squishy laners like Gankplank and Tryndamere.
1	Blah blah dont be mean. What you fail to realize is that passion and emotion can drive people to do better. Maybe not in that specific game, but it does carry weight with them after and make them reflect harder IF they are emotionally invested at getting better. I knew that was one of the main reasons I got great at Dota back in the day. People would rage at me all the time and well I simply didn't want to be raged at anymore and I wanted to improve. It made me try harder and really focus in the next games to come. I was more efficient because I knew if I wasn't I'd be raged at.   That being said if you want to win soloq it is much better to not rage. You don't want these emotions flying around during the game because it   creates a distraction. The player isn't going to improve that greatly in one single match so there isn't a need to let him know that he sucks ass. Simply give a nice reason for what he should be doing and move on. Some will listen and some won't and you just have to be ok with that.
1	That's the main difference between a low Elo player and a high Elo player.   Most people think they belong at 2k when they are 1200, doesn't see their own mistakes and flame a lot(The Dunning-Kruger effect). When you start looking at what you need to improve on, you rapidly get higher Elo.   When you get better you remember less of your good plays and scores and more of your mistakes. And after quite a lot of improvement you remember mostly mistakes, like missing 3cs on the first creep wave(you feel like you are so bad). This is also Dunning-Kruger effect.   Source: Myself
1	It looks like you are talking about mid lane. Aim for 70 cs for now. You can probably get 70 just by getting wraiths every now and then. Think about running tele. You can back more often without punishment. You can roam etc. It allows for more pressure. Depending on your lane opponent you can choose if the cs is worth the harrass. Also, directly after said harras, that ability is on CD take your cs and harras back. That's the most important part. Don't let them get free DMG. They may hit for more but if you at least get n auto attack back that's 40 DMG that wasn't there. Now, think of an auto as a CD. At .5 attk SPD that's a 2 sec CD. At 1 that's a 1 sec CD right? When they cs the auto is CD and you can harras them. Cs'ing takes precedent over harassing(unless you at least quarter their HP) if you are above 75% mana, then use abilities to cs. If you have full definitely use abilities.  You sometimes see players like Tiensi(he's high diamond) use shunpo even to cs. Its b/c he has wards/flash. Obviously if the enemy laner has kill potential don't use your escape for cs. But if you feel confident do so. If you see the jg top, do so. Honestly, when I was playing Zed I used my W for harras. It was my escape but sometimes jg doesn't even look at he lane b/c they assume, oh they have an escape. Jg tip: you can gank anyone, even Fizz if they use their escape and you are within 5 seconds. I'm actually a super safe mid laner. I basically never use my escapes until a jungler ganks or they all-in me. May also be due to my mains are lux etc. Last hitting under turret: Rule of Thumb: Melee creeps take two shots and an auto Ranged take one and two autos   If you have a friend willing to help. Take the Caitlyn challenge.   Mid lane. Enemy plays Cait. 3 traps across the lane. If you die, if you step in a trap, you lose. Go for best cs!  Caits job is to harras you to death.
1	There is no evidence of anything in these screenshots...this is obviously a joke during the game. Why would talking in all chat be necessary for a DDoS? It's pretty ridiculous how riot is coming to this conclusion/speculation from an in game all chat window. This accusation is a huge setback for GGU and their sponsors and it doesn't have any proof.   Please stop this circlejerk and look at the pictures objectively; this is the premise that he was punished on. Although there is speculation about the AL game and hexo's previous history, there cannot be judgement without proof.   Once again I honestly don't know if hexo is a ddoser, but the evidence presented proves neither side true. While numerous people speculate that he is a ddoser, there has never been any proof. If an accusation is made then there should be legitimate proof to back it up. Don't get me wrong, I think hexo has a shady history, but justice can't be served on speculation alone. In this instance, it was obviously a joke--not a DDoS. Once again, DDoS programs do not require you to type commands in all chat.   I'm unhappy with riot for harming the reputation of the whole team by making this public without proof.
0	but pretty much all the chains are run by assholes   As a Detroit Tigers fan, this is a subject I know a thing or two about, and there's at least one good pizza chain owner out there: Mike Ilitch.   Background: Ilitch owns both the Tigers and Little Caesar's Pizza, as well as the Detroit Red Wings. There used to be some criticism around his ownership of the Tigers, but recently, he's been one of the best owners in baseball.   What's more, he's one of very, very few people who has consistently stood by and invested in the City of Detroit while hosts of others have abandoned ship. Both his sports teams have never left the city limits.   As for his political activisim, he's given [about equally to both political parties]( though most of his Republican donations have been to moderates like George Bush The First and Rudy Giuliani, and mostly to candidates back in the '80s and '90s. His more recent contributions have almost all been left-leaning. Both his sister and one of his sons have hosted fundraisers for Obama.   Oh, and former Domino's owner Tom Monaghan is  a religious fanatic . Bain still owns a controlling interest in the company, from what I understand.
1	Well, up until his recent exposure, it was easy to get away with a lot more things on him. For example, a lot of people didn't know Jayce's E on his hammer form did MAGIC damage. For the longest time people would build pure armor or health but would be left scratching their heads wondering why they were still getting chunked despite having high health / resistances. Having knowledge your opponent doesn't have makes it more fun for me personally.   On top of this, in ranked, he's starting to see more bans or first picks that aren't me. This does peeve me a little because like a week or two ago, the only time I really saw Jayce was me playing as him. Agree with me or not, I personally enjoyed knowing a character was already really strong before the masses started noticing it from pros. I also enjoyed disproving people who told me Jayce was a shitty pick.   Probably not a good explanation in whole to you but idk / idc.
1	There is demand for eSports, look at twitch's incredible growth. There is an increasing demand for video games, look at GTA V or Minecraft. eSports are hard to understand for older people that didn't grow up with them, or who just find it alienating. It's a disconnection between generations. And like there is demand for eSports and video games, there is demand for people catering to the older generation's close minded idiots. Sorry if it may sound harsh, but I find it hard to call someone who doesn't understand something and immediately hate it for being different than what they are used to. That thinking is what slows down progress. Now this straw men journalists merely cater to that niche. Because it's easy to write articles that only seek appease a certain audience's ego. It's sadly how most journalism is done today, it just appeases a huge enough number of people that they can just ignore it.
0	College isn't for everyone. Especially if it's a matter of taking out student loans.   College is a means to a career, not a ticket. If you just blindly sign up for college not knowing what you are going to do, you stand a good chance of majoring in something non-lucrative like philosophy, English, psychology (without continuing the education), art, etc. Paths that are interesting and fun, but not very valuable in terms of employment. These people are usually 'trying to figure out what they wanna do'. Meanwhile, they are accumulating crippling student loan debt in the process. Often they become teachers and spend the rest of their life paying the minimum payments on those loans.   Those people should not be in college. A trade would have been just as rewarding and profitable.   But if you go to college and have a plan for a lucrative job that you are pretty sure will be in demand in the future (engineering, computers, etc), then it's worth it. Maybe even if you intend to go all the way with a PhD and are sure you are the type of person who can make it (damn that's a long road though).
0	As far as I see it, it's a very complicated situation for both sides. As it stands I believe Putin realizes to invade the rest of Ukraine (the non-Crimean/majority ethnic Russian) population would cause more harm to Russia than good. As far as I know, Crimea used to belong to Russia pre-Soviet times and then after the fall it was allocated to be part of Ukraine, which is why it has a Russian ethnic majority. Russia really needs the Crimean port which it has right now, and it also wants Ukraine to be Pro-Russia. As it stands the main problem is that Ukraine relied on Russia for a lot of monetary support, and the United States nor the EU has enough extra money to support Ukraine to the extent that Russia has, e.g with its natural resources especially the natural gas pipe lines going to Ukraine from Russia. Because of this Ukraine would be more economically inclined to side with Russia, however they clearly want independence and to be with the European Union. Another issue is if they go the EU way that they would most likely lose a large portion of Eastern Ukraine due to the massive Russian population as well as Crimea.   If Putin was to invade the rest of Ukraine, it could possibly lead to internal conflict between its Russian and Ukrainian population, if it escalates this will cause massive problems for decades, not to mention that there is also a huge Ukrainian population in Russia. So hatred between the two nationalities would be a massive issue for Russia and is definitely not beneficial to them. This is the reason I believe Putin has not pushed his troops into the non-Russian majority portion of Ukraine as well as why there has been no actual fighting as of yet.   Because the Untied States cannot economically support Ukraine, we are left with very limited options. Clearly we must assist Ukraine in some way, as I also believe that it is very important to maintain contracts/our word, otherwise we lose a massive amount of credibility and therefore political influence amongst other nations.   I'm going to throw out direct military intervention immediately, to even think of this as a solution is insanity. We have prevented WWIII since the beginning of the Cold War because we have never had actual direct military confrontation with the Russians, I believe that both sides know this with the fact that the world is still here as evidence.   Moving troops into Ukraine (not Crimea/Eastern Ukraine) and creating a 'border' between the majority Russian and the majority Ukrainian portions of the nation is a somewhat realistic possibility, the problem is we would probably receive a lot of negative press and considerable anger from many nations most definitely those which are pro-Russian. Also much of the population of Ukraine would also not enjoy American troops in their land possibly even less so than having Russians.   We could also possibly escalate the situation, by giving indirect military support e.g weapons and such, but that would do little to stop the Russians from conquering the nation. All it would do is possibly cause the prior mentioned internal conflict. It would be absolutely disastrous for Ukraine and Russia if our indirect support were to spark infighting amongst the ethnic populations as I mentioned before. This would definitely harm Russia, and is beneficial to the United States, however it would absolutely tear apart Ukraine and cause countless casualties for years.   From the cards that can been seen right now, all we can really do right now is economically and politically sanction Russia (which doesn't have much effect to a superpower), otherwise the only other thing we could do is escalate the situation and cause a disaster whether it destroy Ukraine and harm Russia... or destroy the entire world in event of direct war (very unlikely).   So this is why nothing has really happened in the last few days, because Russia pushing forward into the rest of Ukraine would be a disaster for Russia, and withdrawing from Crimea and the Eastern Regions and allowing the whole nation to fall into the hands of the EU would also be bad economically for both nations.   The United States cannot really solve the situation unless we find a magical way to economically support Ukraine...or as I said before sacrifice the well being of Ukraine in order to harm Russia. Some may think that the latter would not happen, but those that know their history know well that we the United States are no strangers to toppling nations if it is to our benefit.   In my opinion, the way the situation is going right now the most likely outcome would be for Crimea/part of Eastern Ukraine to declare independence/and or become part of Russia, and the rest of Ukraine to gain its independence and most likely join the EU. The EU portion of Ukraine would suffer massive economic damage due to the loss of aid from Russia, and the EU would suffer economic damage from having to support Ukraine, so before they would even become part of the EU if they gain their independence, they (Ukraine) will suffer massive economic damage.   Until something new develops all we can merely do as the United States is continue sanctioning Russia politically and economically with little effect, or escalate the situation.   Although I am American I honestly believe in order to prevent the most amount of damage to Ukraine as possible it would be most beneficial to allow for Russia to make an economic deal with Ukraine's new government and to keep them Pro-Russia. Unless we can find a way to conjure up money to give to Ukraine.   However, this is obviously detrimental to the United States in terms of influence. It's a horrible situation regardless of the outcome.
1	The difference is Oceleote admits that his oponents outplayed him while Chauster believes the only reason for the loss was not because the other teams were better but just because they didn't put in any effort. As much as I like CLG people often misinterpret Chauster speaking whatever is on his mind as the truth when in reality is still biased he is just blunt.
1	It's pretty remarkable that all of you are talking about how terrible Chauster is. He had a bad day. I honestly feel like he played well for most of the split. Him and Doublelift work well together. I think their lineup is pretty good. I think the biggest problem in the series against TSM is that they never pushed their lead. They were stronger than TSM at some point in both games, yet they failed to capitalize.
1	Pay attention to your opponents habits in lane. I have a friend who is much better than me and mains Anivia, but was having problems against a Brand in lane. I told my friend how I noticed he was always leading to the right and that Brand probably noticed too. He led the ice ball to the left next time and lo and behold he burst him down to 1/4 health.   This is an important trait when playing any champion, but especially Anivia since her combos (mainly) rely on such a slow moving projectile. If you notice your enemy always turning back when you advance, back up a bit and throw the q while facing the opposite direction. If they seem to hug one side of the lane, throw the q in between the middle of the lane and that side, forcing them against the wall. Anivia's early game is all about landing the stun and/or zoning. If you hit six before them, it should be GG.
0	They did the same thing to me when I quit my last job to have a baby.  I told them when I was three months pregnant that I was going to be quitting when I was eight months pregnant.  So that's 5 months' notice that I was quitting and they needed to hire someone to train to take over my position.  When I put in my official 2 weeks' notice 4.5 months later, my boss freaked out and said he needed me to stay and work because he hadn't hired anyone yet and I needed to train them.  I told him too bad.  I went into labor that night.  HE ACTUALLY TEXTED ME ASKING IF I WAS COMING IN.  I was like "I'M IN FUCKING LABOR YOU TWAT."
1	The thing is that some people have decent mechanics and win their lanes 1vs1 but then they don't gank and when the game is 30 minutes old and the other team tries to baron, you are botlane farming when ur team dies 4vs5 and you lose the game. Then that person would yell: WTF DON'T ENGAGE WITHOUT ME!   or a bad player with good mechanics will be let's say ''7-0'' AD carry and then get caught out of base alone, die, lose the game.
1	I think the issue with Xpecial not getting viewers is he isn't as entertaining, and he doesn't explain things. I watch Krepo all the time, he has a personality and makes me laugh every time I watch him..same with Aphromoo and they're both supports dragging in tons of viewers. But you dont NEED to have a personality to be entertaining... Dyrus doesn't talk a lot on stream, but he when he does talk hes explaining what hes buying, why hes buying it, why he is maxing one skill over another, etc.
1	If you use Kalistas ult at bad times and mess up the person you're ulting it is very frustrating. Kalistas is a very trolly champ in Aram. I was on the receiving end of this and I was being picked up out of multi kills and it went from snowballing to just doing ok. Extremely frustrating.   Her ult CAN help and be beneficial, but not if used improperly and it screws them over. On top of that you where asked not to do it multiple times and you kept doing it. So you where the giant asshole troll ruining your own teammates game.
1	i love that
1	Really?   On pros switching...   There is plenty subtle and not so subtle differences between these two mobas. No LOL pro has guaranteed success at the DOTA scene.   You are referring to it as a "small" scene. In reality this is a scene that has 9 years of history, no matter the percentages it is superbly competitive (I'd wager even more so then LoL).   Most of the revenue LoL pros earn are through streaming, sites and sponsorships (and maybe lessons, though one of them might want to confirm this :)). At this point LoL pros draw staggering numbers of viewers compared to most if not all competitive e-sports(good example is Guardsman Bob who basically is not even tournament player). All of the above are much more reliable sources of income then very spread out and extremely hard to win tournaments.   This big player base (and LoL is HUGE) brings its own economy for those savvy enough. TSM opened a store, they are selling printed shirts with clever designs such as "U MAD BRO" and making a really solid cash on it if info is remotely correct. Good luck with slinging +1k shirts in DOTA2 (pro team owned!) store in any near future. Possibilities are many for those who make their name on LoL scene.   And finally on tournament point... There is a sea of LoL tournaments and more cropping up every day, their pools might not be as big as DOTA International... but that is like coming up to professional tennis player and telling him he is dumb for playing small tournaments and that he should play only Grand Slams.   All in all I reckon those that can make comfortable living in LoL bar some extraordinary circumstances will happily stay in LoL community. Most of those that can't will strive to do so.   On future Riot moves...   So far they have proven to be very agile company. Their focus on grabbing the casual audience with "easier but fun mechanics" and still nurturing prosperous competitive scene seems to be the correct course. I don't doubt they will keep on par with rival MOBAs (and tbh I really see both MOBAs prosperous in future).
1	I believe this post is spreading misinformation, to an extent. Everything you said is 100% correct, but not exactly entirely applicable to the problems people complain about in League. I would not classify "most of the lag" having to do with ISP throttling. Note: I'm not saying ISP throttling isn't a thing, but it is more than likely not applicable here for the issues that the MAJORITY of players experience.   Some ISPs have been known to throttle huge bandwidth hogs such as bittorrent and streaming services. These services are generically in the broadest sense TARGETED such as Netflix, Twitch, Youtube, and torrents. Bandwidth taken up by an online game such as League of Legends is incredibly low at a household level, and ISPs don't really care about that, as it's average data usage that, while it would register on a bandwidth data graph, it would pale in comparison to huge P2P/streaming services like explained above.   The explanation of Comcast routing traffic through Verizon isn't about LAG it's about LATENCY. If your traffic is routed in that way, ALL of it is routed. EVERYTHING you would do would see a considerable about of -CONSISTENT DELAY.- This would probably increase at peak hours, but it would be noticeable either way.   The type of lag we experience in League of Legends is usually the kind where EVERYBODY in the game lags... and more often than not it's EVERY GAME going on at that time in that region. That means thousands of players, in different parts of the world, with different ISPs are affected. This is not the work of throttling. This then breaks down into two separate issues...   ~If your ping is 30ms, yet your character doesn't move but once every 10 seconds, then Riot's SERVERS are more than likely overloaded... they simply cannot process the input and output quickly enough, that they fall behind. It's still registering everybody's commands, except it's doing it in massive BURSTS, with pauses in between. Regular useage would see consistent processing over time... not spikes.   ~If everybody on the server's pings are going crazy, from 500ms to 1000ms+, then it's an INTERNET issue. This is either an issue of not enough bandwidth, or a major hiccup/failure.. such as Routers malfunctioning. Something like this COULD be a routing issue (which OP described) where a major node of the internet fails, and all traffic ends up getting rerouted through the same place, creating a huge bottleneck. This would either have to be remedied by networking specialists which work to reroute the traffic in a safer, more efficient way, or for that node to come back online/get repaired so everything can continue as normal.   Outside of those scenarios, it's PROBABLY just your internet, or a specific issue with you / your ISP at the local level, and nothing Riot can help you with. For the majority of issues, it falls between Riot/major internet backbones... Riot moves a LOT of traffic for League, and thus their systems have to be setup for that. Sometimes things break, but that's why they have people constantly monitoring and fixing things.   Summary:   ~If everybody in your game is lagging and there's no crazy pings, it's Riot's servers getting overloaded with requests. (Processing power issue.)   ~If everybody in your game is lagging and everybody has insane pings, it's a Riot network (more often) / internet backbone issue.   ~If it's just you lagging, then it's a problem at your local level. More than likely it's probably going to be     An issue with your wireless connection (interference, too many users, too many wireless signals around the area.)     Someone in your household consuming the majority of your bandwidth (Bittorrent, streaming, or Xbox Live and you have low bandwidth internet, for example)     A temporary ISP issue (you cannot do anything to fix this).. many different causes etc.     Lastly, your ISP is  actually  throttling you (extremely rare for anything outside of HUGE bandwidth hogging protocols, data caps.)  Note: HOWEVER, some ISPs might actually throttle EVERYBODY based on peak usage/times of day. This has nothing to do with League of Legends and is something you should complain to your ISP about. See: Net Neutrality
1	It's really a ratio of skill/entertainment. Guardsmanbob is incredibly entertaining to some people, but his skill isn't on par with Hotshot. I also enjoy watching starcraft, and destiny, who is one of the more popular streamers, is incredibly entertaining to watch, but doesn't have the same skill level as other pro's who stream who are less entertaining tend to have a similar number of viewers.
0	You should have let a cart accidentally hit his car.   I never really got along with school, after I graduated I kind of just sat around and played MMO's till my dad got sick and passed. Found a job handful of months later at a retail store, everyone bugged me with "Are you in college? Why not?". It was pretty annoying to be badgered by random customers about it. 2 years later I am the manager of the same store(no prior work experience besides pushing carts) and my DM talks highly of me.
1	As a plat who is currently sitting in the middle of golds and occasionally silvers (and actually unrankeds too)...   If you live up to the ELO bracket that you are at, we won't complain.   Usually the first thing I call out a silver bracket player for is their attitude in game. The amount of complaining on average. When somebody suggests trundle support, instant complaining. Gold players might say that it's stupid, and plat players might say "no" or just not anything at all, but silver players will cry about it instantly.   The next thing is map awareness and throws and the like. At higher ELOs, we expect big macro game decisions to be obvious (and tbh, this is the most identifying factor of elo brackets last season), and when a game is thrown because your silver player keeps getting caught with his pants down late game or seen bot lane when baron's up or refuses to back/heal/buy before the other team rushes baron because he wants to farm jungle, it is actually the silver player's fault and this type of inconsistency in the games irks us to the greatest degree.   The same shit also applies to mechanics that should have been learned (a move is the main one here, but stuff like poorly timed (read impatient) AoE ults count too). If we lose a teamfight because your silver player who belongs in silver doesn't know how to teamfight....   To me, at least for the first few weeks, I will judge you by your badge first, then your s3 elo. Last season I climbed to plat twice, and the elo reset didn't magically make silver or gold players better.   so yea
0	Let me expand on that.  I had already lost my key at school the previous week.  I then lost the spare key kept by the front door somewhere inside the house. I had been using it because I didn't want to tell my dad I had last my own.
1	Well with season 3 coming up, and players who actually have potential (2.2k+) players...offers really do come up like this that are legit. I do agree though, most players are young and naive. This could be my
0	OP this has nothing to do with you but for those dudes out there trying to get with other dudes girlfriends.. i need to vent because this has occured to me throughout my dating.   Dear dbag,   fu*k you she has a boyfriend stop trying to get with her and move to another chick... dudes like you suck.. you suck and dont get the picture that the girl is clearly not interested and has friendzoned the crap out of you.. youre selfish because you only think about your happiness. you keep on talking to her telling her you love her and she has a boyfriend, you obviously dont "love" her because you dont respect her decision to go out with another dude and not you.. give her space.. shes taken.. shes not the dudes property in any way shape or form but show a little respect for yourself and the boyfriend of hers.   man there are 4 billion other girls out there im SURE one of them is for you, just not that girl.. move on.
0	I joined the Air Force to travel the world, live in another country (Japan), learn another language and culture (Japanese), see what war looks like [I found out :( ], Sleep with a spectrum of women (race, size, nationality and socioeconomic) and to get an education and pay for another.   I went in with the idea of not getting married and having no kids. This was strictly forging myself into a man. What I have come to find brother and sisters is this; there are no disinterested women or men, there are only men and women who are not worth your time.   I also realize you need to research where you belong in the world, where you are born is not necessarily where you need to be. I have found that English women and West Coast women are the two type of women I like being around. So I plan on either working with the Air Force in England or heading out west to apply my education. Only you can make yourself happy. If the fish in the lake you are fishing in underwhelm you, find a new fucking lake.
0	I have to tell myself this every damn time! I'm currently waiting to ask a girl out, but I've been feeling it out for a couple weeks if she feels the same.   The strangest situation I've had is asking a girl out, and being crushed by the rejection. I moved on after a surprisingly short time once the door was closed though! Over a year later SHE asked ME out. I thought I'd jump all over it, but it was easy to say no! It's amazing how much better it is to get it over with than to harbour those feelings.
1	HOLY CRAP WALL OF TEXT! thx for the
0	I had something similar happen to me..   I was dating this girl who was really shallow and just thought she was the hottest thing.  So for our anniversary she goes and spends like $200 and says she has gotten me the best present ever.   What she did was go hire a makeup artist/photographer to take raunchy pictures of herself then put them in a cheap as hell looking calendar..  So I was like whatever, she was trying, even though it was more of a gift for her (she liked looking at herself).  Besides, she told me these pictures were just for me and no one else was allowed to look at the calendar.   Fast forward 30 FREAKING MINUTES!  She posted all the "other" pictures that didn't make the calendar on Facebook.  Needless to say, these were almost exactly the same pictures, just as raunchy and revealing, now all over Facebook.   And I was the bad guy for getting upset...
1	What if along with the Smurf Identification System that's implemented, there's an XP bonus based on your level of skill?   Say you are a smurf, and you just want another account to get to 30 faster. If you're essentially Diamond Tier MMR, you'd get something like 500% (or some arbitrarily large perctange) XP boost. This will help players who already know the game and simply want another account for whatever reason up to level 30 get there faster and keep the lower tiers less impacted by it.   Maybe you want to Smurf for the other reason, the reason Riot DOESN'T want you to smurf, to Pubstomp lowbies all day long. Well this idea helps with that as well because if you're stomping all day long, then that XP boost will go against them and force them into higher levels faster so that they aren't harassing lowbies.   There are definitely abuse factors to go along with this idea, namely the biggest one being this could EASILY be abused by account sellers to get their accounts raised up faster to get on the market. But on the flip side, if this idea is implemented there'd be less of a market for said accounts because you'd be able to save yourself some time with this system.   Also, this also DEFINITELY negates the idea of the XP boost Riot sells. But this idea could be tied into that, which is make an XP boost that scales based off your MMR, so that smurfs who want to speed level could reasonably buy one and get an account up faster without the frustration.
1	it's also funny when idiots like you miss the point and think it's all about the money
0	I know we're all here for a laugh, but I would really like to emphasize how important this is with a quick story.   I was in a lab environment where safety was lax, and no one wore safety glasses.  I knew better but followed suit anyway.  Due to a miscommunication with a labmate, I thought a 1 L flask held highly dilute H2SO4.  It did not.  Instead, it held 98% H2SO4.  Some splashed on my face and neck.  I was so very fortunate though.  Only my eyelids were burned and not my eyeballs.  Furthermore, I immediately began rinsing until I received medical attention.  After it was over, my recovery was swift and thorough.  After a week's time, it was almost impossible to tell that I was ever burned.  I am not a believer, but a part of me wants to attribute it to an act of god.  I got very lucky.  A quick Google search of H2SO4 burns can tell you that many do not.
0	Actually I don't think this is necessarily true.   Confidence is definitely a huge factor. I have hooked up with guys who I didn't really find attractive first meeting them. However, I found incredibly attractive once they started talking. They have this incredible charisma which is incredibly sexy. And if someone is confident enough to ask for my number/ask for a date. I will probably give most everyone a chance. Especially if I don't know the guy. He might not me the most attractive guy but if he's easy to talk to and seems fun I'll certainly go on one date and get to know him better. Double points when it's a club. I like dancing with guys and it's nice when a guy asks instead of start grinding against me.   I do reject guys who are creepy, follow me around, stalk me, don't admit they like me even though it's completely obvious or a complete douche. All of which have happened to me usually by guys with low self confidence. They don't want to admit they like me. They want me to notice that they like me and do something about it.   Of course, confidence doesn't negate good hygiene and looking clean and put together. A nice shirt can be bought for less than $10 if you buy them off the clearance rack. If you have greasy hair even though you shower constantly perhaps look for a better shampoo.   I've also dated both attractive guys and/or rich guys but who are kind of douches. They don't last more than a week.
1	Yeah, support is in a worse place now then it was last season. You have more "power" and can make more impact on the game at times, but you can only play 3 champions. Picking anything else and you are just picking a worse champ.   Last season of the top of my head you commonly saw Sona, Lulu, Thresh, Ali, Taric (in NA LCS; replace Ali with Zyra and you get EU). With a heavy drop off after that for other supports. Outside of LCS you saw pretty much everything.   Now though you see Leona, Thresh or Annie 90% of the time inside and outside of LCS. I get why people want to play those 3, they are playmakers that scale with gold. Most of the traditional supports got gutted by having them scale utility wise with gold. I think the dorans nerf will help with this allowing something other then a bully support.
0	One day I was channel surfing came across this hot chick curling.  I stopped, obviously, confused by this hot chick where I had the stereotype of a middle-aged, androgynous, overweight woman when I thought of curlers.  So I keep watching and  another  hot chick steps up.  I end up watching like 3 hours of the hot chick curling league playoffs.  I later found out from a buddy who works at the local branch of that network that it, apparently' go the highest rating of any curling event including the Briar Cup.  Not sure if its true, but it got me watching and I actually understand and appreciate the game itself now.
1	So I am live at the venue. Basicly bunch of 12-15year old kids, the plague why you dont want to play on EUNE. I find it unaccaptable that the main LoL stage is showed in polish only. The big screen with english casters is in the middle of the arena but seats are only avaible to vips... Spodek is amazing, the city centre is tragic, yesterday after 24:00 not a single open pub/bar. Curse:Mym game played somewhere behind, players not on the scene.
0	Lol I'm not going to make my employees my sex slaves but I do constantly toy with their brains. I've just always done that, no matter if I was the boss or worker. I've been told I'm very intelligent and one of my strong points is dealing with people, thus I know what to say that takes them to the border of wonder without actually bothering them.
0	Oh, you want to be entertained? Go for it. :)   Anyone who thinks that a device that has been nicknamed "the idiot box" should in some way have an educational value, has clearly missed the point.   Sure the History Channel and the rest have sold out. They had to. The number of people who would tune in to watch actual history are too low to pay the bills.
0	I'm the guy who's car was stolen on Christmas.   He and two others took my car for a joyride.  Now the rims are bent, it reeks of weed, and the fucking check engine light is on.  (And the car runs terrible now)   And yet, that damage doesn't even come CLOSE to the fact that my Christmas was ruined by such stupidity. I can't express my anger enough.  But I'm working with some law friends, gathering the police report, and will seek damages on my car as it's already running weird.  Taking it in tomorrow.
0	To be fair, this is something a lot of movements suffer from.   Sam Harris's Kindle single, "Lying" goes into this really well.   He has a close friend who was sitting around by the pool with him one day, and he asked Sam if he was getting fat.  Sam answered him honestly, "Eh, you could stand to lose 20-30 lbs."   A lot of people would have said, "What, you?!  NO, man, you look fine!"  Even though for at least 70% of adult Americans, its not the truth.   As a consequence, his friend started eating better and going to the gym more.  He thanks Sam a few months later, if I remember the story correctly.
1	Exactly, I thought the same: This is why I suggested a different thing to do for the animators that are working on the sunfire cape right now, because it doesn't need any work at the moment. Maybe they can polish up Zhonya's or something.
1	Here's a theorycraft I put up on the wikia. A lot of people are only looking at her "nerfs" at this rework, but you've moved past that then you should try something new and play up on her "positive changes". What positive changes you ask? I noticed at least two changes about Kayle that may head her into a different direction.     Reckoning: Slow increased to 35% from 25%     Righteous Fury: Bonus damage increased to 20/30/40/50/60 from 4/10/16/22/28       Okay, Righteous Fury got a huge bonus magic damage upgrade - do not overlook this. This means that if you level this up early, you're looking at quite formidable early magic bonus damage (+40 at level 3 Righteous Fury? What item gives you this much raw damage w/o having drop a single piece of gold). Expound upon this fact and get early AS. Reckoning got a speed slow buff, which means that along with AS you'll be landing in a lot more Righteous Fury strikes making sure you definitely stack up that bonus magic damage. Malady? Wit's End? Divine Sword? Nashor's? Not to mention, most of those not only boost your AS but add a form magic damage as well to your attacks. Sniffing out a AS/On-Hit Kayle here.   Heading toward late-game, her AS/On-Hit viability will most likely fade away as everyone inevitably has more HP and MR. Here, I'd say you just have to swallow the fact that Kayle is not a carry, and delegate yourself into a Pusher/Utility role (notice I didn't say Healer). 'Pusher' because with your stacked AS and Righteous Fury, you will annihilate waves of creeps - and pushing, as everyone knows, is an important part of a succesful game. 'Utility' because of your Divine Blessing and Intervention. You may say, "But her Heal is sh1tast1c!" I say, well look, they double the MS buff. Sure, it's only 2.5 seconds but +23% is noticeable and it may mean the difference of a clutch life or death for yourself or an ally running from a last hit. Intervention, you guys know the drill. This ultimate is a pain in the ass for your opponents - 3 seconds is a lot in a high-paced teamfight, and this ultimate can, and will, be game-changing if used correctly.   This is not to say she loses her DPS viability completely. I've seen some recent Kayles pick up Madred's and/or Black Cleaver to further exploit her AS viability in late-game. As for AS/AD builds, I'm not sure about that - but if anyone has any luck with such a build, let me know how it worked for you.
0	Anything that has to do with my private life online is done under a fictitious name.  My youtube subscription, my personal facebook account, my twitter account are all fake names.  I have accounts under my real name that I post to that are open to public view.  These public accounts are locked down so that my friends can't tag me in pictures without approval or put links on my wall that I haven't approved.  Those profiles aren't full of wholesome sayings to make me look like a saint, but I post about the kids and my school and am as G rated as possible.   I doubt my 5 year olds would be able to track me down online, but I have about 75% of the past parents wind up sending me friend requests once their child leaves my classroom.  Having a bit of public presence makes me think that it keeps people I know professionally from wondering why I am hiding and what I have to hide.  And really all I hide is my sailor mouth, my love for weird profile pictures, and my link wars with my friends...but that's all nsfw and definitely would make parents think twice about who was in charge of their kids for the past year.
1	Actually, it more or less is. Tryndamere's ult is balanced, and pretty much mandatory in order to make him viable. There's a reason Trynd remains strong while Yi is considered trash, despite Yi having a even higher damage output.   Case in point: Poppy's ult is objectively stronger than Tryndamere's ult. Yet Poppy is not considered strong. Why? Because Poppy has no sustain while Tryndamere does.   But who am I kidding? It has been shown that Redditors would rather ban Tryndamere than Morgana or Skarner. Don't expect rational reactions whenever 'TRONDOMARE TOO STRONK NERF PLOX QQ' is mentionned.
1	Coming from a Plat player, the best way to roam is to upgrade boots (this is a must do to roam, you won't be able to move fast enough otherwise) and grab the red trinket early. Then, shove your lane to the enemy tower and head bot. If you see them run when you walk down, try to predict the ward placement based on when they started to back off and scan their ward. Also, I would recommend roaming when you see that your jungle is near to the lane you're ganking, when the lane you're ganking has hard CC, when the laner you're playing against has low wave clear and especially when the lane is push towards your team.
1	if they nerfed her w then she would be unplayable almost.   her w is why she is played at all, if her w was nerfed that would fuck her late game which is where she is strong
0	Yep, you're absolutely right. That kind of violent intimidation comes only from lowlife extortionist thugs. I'm not saying there's some sort of romantic honor among thieves that should be respected or idealized. I just know too much about police to ever trust them or turn to them for anything unless the person I'm turning in is a banker or a pedophile.   Of course they really don't go after bankers and pedophiles anyway so what good are they? How often do you hear about abducted girls who have been kept captive for years in houses that have repeatedly been reported as suspicious to the authorities yet police did nothing? How common is it to hear about some judge who has been caught taking kickbacks from private prisons for handing out ridiculous sentences for minor crimes? This shit happens all of the time. Look up some files sometime on what happens to people who turn whistleblowers on crooked cops.   Seriously, I believe that police are nothing more than gangsters with badges. They aren't an answer for anything and they won't be until private corporations are banned from profiteering off of our criminal justice system. Drug laws are the biggest problem we have. They're not concerned about keeping kids off drugs. Police and private prisons just use these prohibitionary laws to strip us all of our 4th amendment rights and to make a fortune sending poor brown skinned kids to jail while ignoring real crimes that they can't make any money from. Fuck the police and fuck the brainless voters in this country for letting our communities become vitiated in this way by extortionist drug laws and crooked politicians. Nobody thinks.
0	That whole notion that Liberal is better than managing the country/ economy than Labour is a misnomer, and if you look back through history, it really doesn't pan out.   Overall, Government takes too much credit for successes and too little blame for failures. Take Howard- he banged on about being able to keep interest rates low, but they spiked on him.   Its a lot like real estate salesmen: when the market is up and they sell a lot, they brag about how great they are, how they achieved high prices, how quick they sold, all because of them.  When they aren't selling, when prices are low, they just blame the market. There's no mention of their skills and value then, is there?   The other thing is, all parties are essentially singing to the same tune. The research done & recommendations put forward into policy & economic reform is independent, and you can bet that within a decade or two, every one will have been adopted, regardless of who was in power.  They'll sell it as if its their idea/ initiative, and the opposition will fight it, but they all know what is going to happen. The mining tax would have gone in if Liberals had been in power, perhaps in a slightly different guise. The GST was introduced under Howard, remember? Labour deregulated the banks (something rather right-wingish to do), etc. etc. etc.   For all the opposition, there is little, if any, fundamental difference.
1	It might not do anything for you, but I'm sure ADC, AD Junglers and AD toplanes would love you for the 25% arpen.   herp derp magic damage
0	Hold your horses there, conspiracy theorists.   That bill you're referring to was basically created so people stateside could legally access [Voice of America]( which broadcasts via Radio, TV, & Internet in foreign languages around the world. VOA essential provides world news and quality journalism to people in developing countries that don't have access to it. While it's funded by the US government and run under the mission statement of promoting "freedom and democracy," it's more like NPR.   The US ban on domestic propaganda prevented Americans from legally and fully accessing VOA content (even though some of it could be accessed through other means, like shortwave radios and the internet). This whole thing became an issue when people who'd enjoyed VOA programs and content in their native countries immigrated to the US and couldn't find the same quality programming IN THEIR OWN LANGUAGE. Have you ever tried to get a rundown on world events in Somali? It's kind of a bitch.   Here's [an interview with one of the bill's cosponsors]( explaining what's up.   The whole thing with CBS's "60 Minutes" was just lazy journalism, which is kind of becoming a problem with them (see  Laura Logan and her BS Benghazi piece . They just took the POV of the subject they were profiling instead of presenting counter arguments and asking tough questions, probably because the folks at the NSA would have walked if they did that and gone to another news outlet.
1	This. I feel that with the removing of clamping, the extra spots in Challenger and now this.   Extra spots in Challenger will mean 150 less people with Dia 1 99 LP. I think that's good.   Removing of clamping means that it's easyer to get dia 5, but harder to get to plat 1, so overall same thing but the hard part is split into equal parts rather than just at plat 1- dia 5.   This change, if they did it right and didn't mess up the code, will just have effects for a very small quantity of people for which it was not a problem anyway. Most of them will be smurf accounts and boosters later on. If these people will get a big win streak the good old division skip will be translated into a no-promo division skip. Do you think that is such a big deal? I don't. This system is not meant to give people divisions for free, but only if they are way higher anyway (so they would have promoted anyway, just that a few games later).   >being plat 1 this season soon will be like being Gold1-Plat5 season 3.   Yes and no. Over the existence of this game (I'm not here since beta but s1 though) there has been an interesting evolution of player skill and an overall growth in skill. If you watch the 1st World Championship for LoL in S1, the level of play, even under that meta is probably at what you'd see now in high gold. But that's what happens to the overall skill, from a player repartition perspective what happens in any type of game that has this tough learning curve is:     Older players like me eventually get to plat dia if they are willing to learn and not blame others.     Then there are the newer players who are willing to learn, but they are just too new. And these people are in gold-silver.     And then there are the people who just constantly blame others and never care to improve and for which it doesn't really matter for how long they play because they will still refuse to learn. And these can be found in silver-bronze, maybe a few golds too.       The people from group 1 and 2 will always strive to be better and more and more people will be high elo. (a trend that I noticed since S2) You may even see new talents rising to be better than the pro's who were doing this for a long time, because the fresh players come with new ideas and motivation and they raise the bar.
1	well im not keen on the asians winning , its a stereotype in pro gaming for example korean gamers are apprantly so much better , thats why in a global tournament i would like teams that i have been watching and watching rise win .   the teams you are watching are most likely going to be EU or US teams . you will watch them and eventually become a fan of them . whereas the asian teams which will have less coverage you will have no attachment to their teams other than knowing " this and that team are good "   "
0	You're right theres obviously a tonne of different roads all over the uk aka theres a road near me where you can turn left on a red light but its not because its left or one way its because of the way the road is made and the traffic flow.
1	if by "normal" games, you're referring to "normal draft," then I agree with you to some extent: riot has no current system in place to teach new players how picks & bans work in ranked, so having these new players play normal draft could be a way to prepare them for ranked.   unfortunately, having a requirement for a number of normal games won't necessarily improve the standards of players in solo queue placement matches. there's a longstanding assumption that the longer you've played the game (since beta, etc.), the better you are at it. but this assumption is refuted by the existence of players with thousands of games in low elo while other players with a couple hundred games can easily hit 2k elo.
0	Rott's get the same treatment.  Knew a guy years ago who had a Rott mix, kept trying to portray her has the meanest, toughest, nastiest dog ever.  One night while the group was hanging out, he and I were in some kind of conversation and at one point he points at me and tells her to "get him(me)"  She starts jumping around me barking and such while I just stand there with my arms crossed. After about 10 seconds I look at her and ask "You done?"  She stops, parks her butt, tilts her head, and looks at me with a "Yes, pet me now?" look
1	This is also true when picking your role. Me myself as a jungler tend to hear quite often that I should let someone else jungle (read: "Please let me jungle Lundarien, I have a 6 win streak" I've learned through experience that giving someone else my main role mostly (not always!) ends in disaster. Why? Because I am not nearly as good in other lanes as I am compared to jungle, only recently I've begin to improve as an adc but still not good enough for the rating I'm at (plat 1). If the person I gave jungle to performs badly, I get the blame because I let him do so while I'm not performing that well either because I belong in the jungle. More often then not I am the lower pick and experience the same scenario from the other side so it's fair and square:)
1	To answer the question: You can never be "Late" to try something new. For anything in life.   It may be overwhelming at first, but if you keep and open mind towards the game and it's player base. In the beginning, you have only a select few champions to pick from and every week it rotates, so as you play you can pick a champion for every role and try a lot within a week. Items are recommended by default, and there are pro-guides out there to help you with choosing what is the proper build path.   The "regular" games are exciting, and you will only rage quit depending on how you take your games. If my team is losing, or trolling I try to keep my head up, and even though it's a loss I try practicing my mechanics on champions and pursue strategies for future games.
1	1250  1200 is the default.   1000 is pretty low . I started ranked season 1 the second I hit 30 and dropped down to 1k. Stopped playing ranked again for about 200-300 normals, ended up climbing back to 1250 by the end of that season. Currently resting at 1400 so basically - Wait until you have double your wins atleast before playing ranked. I have 885 normal wins at the moment.
0	Regardless of whether or not anal is pleasurable for your wife, this meme is upsetting. So she's a GGG for letting you in the backdoor while recovering from vagina surgery? This implies she'd be something less if she didn't. She's not "good" girl Gina enough for you if she didn't feel comfortable being intimate until she's recovered from surgery?   Vulvodynia can crippling, both physically and emotionally. She owes you NOTHING for being the victim of a painful medical condition.   This type of attitude is unhealthy and sexist - this "my girlfriend/wife is GOOD because she touches my penis" thing. It's really getting old.   LENGTHY EDIT: I had surgery on my vagina about 6 months ago, and I was in so much pain that I couldn't work for a month. Took me 2 months to be able to sit down without being in pain. I was (and still am) in a LTR with a wonderful man who happens to have a very high sex drive, and while we've always clicked sexually, ANY sexual activity post-surgery was just out of a the question for a long time. Like I couldn't even find a comfortable position to sit to even give him a handjob.   And even though he was (and always has been) amazing, and he never even hinted at being horny this entire time, and was 110% supportive, I felt like less of a woman for not being able to please him. I felt so bad and down on myself. Not because of him, but because of the nature of not being physically capable of vaginal sex for so long. I felt...defeminized (or whatever the female exquivalent of "emasculated" is). Though boyfriend NEVER made me feel like I owed him anything, I couldn't help but think of all the women with SO's who aren't as sensitive/knowledgable of women/truly kind-hearted as mine is.   Anyway, I hope other people that got upset see this. That's why I created a username to post. Like OP said somewhere up there ^ happiness of your partner should be the #1 priority, and I felt that the choice of meme did not convey that at all.
0	She was a electronics department manager but she stepped down when she couldnt get a raise because of the cap and when a customer spit in her face. Just a cranky old man was mad about something and spit in the face of the nearest Walmart employees. The managers didnt do anything about it.   Long story short she got fed up and took a 2 $ cut in pay to work as a zone stocker in 3rd ship and quickly  was told she wouldn't get any more money because she is capped at that job too.
1	Roam, take towers after you've taken down the outer bot lane tower, Dragons, Barons, the like. Don't flame/rage, help them out and congratulate them when they get kills and make plays and whatnot. Don't make them feel bad, they probably already do feel bad and mocking and insulting them does nothing to improve the situation.
0	I am probably too late for this to be seen but I work for Nabisco and I can tell you that they probably haven't actually been put on the shelves in most stores.   Instead they are going to be in a hutch or some sort of display around the grocery area in your local store. If you live in AZ you are most likely going to find them in a Walmart but I am starting to see them come in at Safeway and Winco.
0	I don't think I've ever met a girl who wore something provocative and then didn't expect to get hit on. In fact, when I dress nicely and go to a club, I don't have a problem with guys asking me to dance or if I'd like a drink. I'll decline just as politely as they've asked.   I'll say that I've literally been grabbed so hard on a dance floor that I've had to use grappling moves to get away, and have guys not take 'no' for an answer till I can get the attention of a male friend.
0	I'm guessing it's about the same point where, if obligations would let you, you'd never get out of bed.   Also, if you've been depressed for a long period of time suicide stops being an option. You've managed and suffered for so long that ending it actually seems counter intuitive, it'd make the x amount of time you've been dealing even more pointless, why didn't you do it back then and save yourself the torment? You find a reason, like the pain it would cause family and friends, to explain why you haven't. You still think about it, but it becomes what if's. Like what if you botched it and the mess you had to deal with after, what you'll be putting your family and friends through, the trauma of any witness'. You don't want to be responsible for any of that, and thinking about it just makes it worse, sapping any motivation you ever had left.
1	All you're saying is that you don't like smurfs. That's cool, I think they are bad for the game too. Don't make boxbox seem like he's the only one that is smurfing. Yes, buying accounts is bad.
1	Sion is basically Leona with slightly less CC, % Damage and %Armor/MR shred.  Sion goes well with Corki because he benefits off both the Armor and MR shred, another synergy is Kog'Maw Sion has tons of peel and Kog'Maw benefits off the Armor and MR shred due to his high % magic damage on W, not to mention when they are killed they both revive and deal tons of damage making it risky to dive them, if Sion hits his E and Kog'Maw hits his Q it adds up to 58% Armor MR reduction this means they can easily shred tanks.
1	I don't understand people like this. I know it's annoying to lose a game where you played well, but I can't understand that "you lost your lane" is the trigger to insult someone with death threats to them or their family. I know that this game is played by a lot of people that are still young and in the middle of puberty, so there's probably some hormone imbalance going on and life is tough. I get all that, but I've never wished death upon someone or their mom when I went through that phase. It seems to happen a lot in League though.
1	Played together in a custom game with 2 friends of mine, me + 1 friend against the 2nd friend (who introduced us both.) This is the story.   While I was downloading and installing League I was looking at all the champions, read lores etc to see if any champion interested me (there was 40 champions out at the time) I decided to play either Teemo or Nunu, I finally decided to play Nunu when I entered champion select (back then all champions were free and there was no shop system or IP as the game just had been released officially)   I didn't change my summoner spells or anything so I had Revive + Heal and I didn't know about masteries either so I couldn't put my 1 point into the page.   Anyways, I am feeling pumped to play this game as my friends say it's pretty darn fun and I had been skyping with them for a few hours before they convinced me to actually play it so I was pretty darn excited to try it myself, pvp.net minimizes and the League of Legends logo pops up but nothing else, I ask my friends if this is intended and they tell me to be patient, I wait for 2 minutes and my friend finally realizes that you have to install Adobe Air manually to actually play the game. Great to know, thanks. So I hurry and try to get the right version of Adobe air and after a few tries I get it right, but it takes a long time for me to fix it properly.   25 Minutes later I get into the loading screen and I am pumped to play, get into the game and I see our base (it was on Twisted treeline) overflowing with blue minions, including a few bigger ones. I kind of know what my abilities already does as I read about it before so I level up my Consume and get to business, I take agro of one of the big blue guys and actually use my heal just to kill it (with the help of my minions) and I am thrilled so I yell out "I killled you!!" thinking it was my friend who was the big blue dude, turns out it was just a super creep and I had just used 20 seconds to kill it. I get a bit demoralized from this first experience and a few minutes later we lose the game.   Needless to say I am a bit disappointed of the first 5 minutes of playing the game but I say I'll give it 1 more try.   3 years later, over 7000 games and here I am. My second game was obviously much more thrilling than my first was but it's still a good memory. I am very happy to still be a part of this.
1	I don't play Ryze anymore but i think he's really viable. He's one of the few tanky AP dps, imo a good champion to counter divers with (irelia, lee sin etc) because sure they may dive over your tanks and shit but when they get there they hit the brick wall Ryze with 3000hp and lots of armor and mr to go along with a strong (and here's where i think Ryze really lacks) single target damage output. He really lacks when it comes to aoe and dealing damage to multiple champions. His E is pretty abysmal damage wise and the splash from his ulti? I don't know since it was so long since i played him or saw him in a game even (i've improved a lot since then) but it doesn't do an awful lot of damage.
0	My brother started dating a girl that is in our dance group in college. I kinda knew her before they started dating, but once she was around a lot more, we got to know each other a bit better.   Mine and my brother's friends overlap a lot, and so do hers, so this may be an outlier, but her and i texted occasionally.   After they had broken up, since she is pretty in with our group of friends (her best friend and I were just roommates), we made an effort to let her know she was/is still welcomed around us just like always.   When a couple breaks up, it doesn't have to be the end of that social group for one of them. If the breakup wasn't over anything incredibly dramatic (someone cheating, etc.) there's no reason they all can't remain in the same social group of friends. My brother broke up with her cause she liked him a lot more than he did her, and he's been in that situation before with one of his ex's and it didn't go well, so he broke it off earlier before either of them got too invested in each other.   She's still around, and I still see her and talk to her every now and then. It's just not as often as before. Kudos to both of them for being mature about it (she initially kicked him out of her apt pretty quick when he broke up with her, I think the talk only lasted like 5 or 10 minutes, but since then knows it's probably for the better).
1	Michigan-Located Summoner here,   I have always found the ping levels to be rather stable at ~100, with 80 once in a blue moon.   Much as I would love getting Riot's attention on this, it would mean diverting a lot of resources, and I know that Riot has some catching up in the coding before they should actually expand anymore.   Thing will improve, but we/Riot, need to remember that the strongest foundation leads to the strongest building, and that we will stand by and help in any way we are able in order to assist in this.
1	nice promo... but nothing to be hyped about. as far as iam aware Diamond and Edward still need to fly back and fourth each week from Russia to Germany? right? so its safe to assume this team might aswell end up last place in the LCS. Alex pointed out how taxing the traveling was, same thing Genja said in his post retirement statement. I dont believe it will be any different for Diamond and Edward.
0	Couple of things.   First, arrest in adults often has an underlying cardiac cause.  Children's hearts are generally healthy and as such performing CPR on a child in cardiac arrest is more likely to lead to a favourable outcome such as  ROSC . A frequent cause of cardiac arrest in children is stuff like chocking: respiratory arrest with no underlying cardiac pathology. If the airway can be cleared there is a  fair  chance that CPR alone, or more likely CPR and defibrillation can restart it because the heart itself is healthy.   Second, and more important point:   >CPR only works 8% of the time and that's probably high   Actually the range is quite a bit [bigger than that](   Any single number on "CPR effectiveness" is bound to be a pretty gross simplification. Are we talking in-hospital? Out-of-hospital? Witnessed or unwitnessed? Bystander CPR or healthcare provider CPR? What age? It is important to realize that this abysmal "8% success rate" is for  all etiologies . This rate isn't "CPR should have helped and it didn't", it's " any  time anyone attempts performs CPR on a dead person for  any reason "   Imagine that a patient was stabbed in the heart and loses 90% of their blood. Bystander performs CPR. The patient dies. Does this prove that CPR is not effective? Of course not. Similar with cases where CPR is performed on someone who is in anaphylactic shock/without an airway, has lost large amounts of blood, etc.   The real test of CPR effectiveness is to compare patient outcomes in patients with cardiac etiologies:   >An arrest is presumed to be of cardiac etiology unless it is known or likely to have been caused by trauma, submersion, drug overdose, asphyxia, exsanguination, or any other noncardiac cause as best determined by rescuers   This King County  study . 57% of these patients survived to be admitted to hospital and 34% of those CPR'ed were discharged alive.   So, 12% of the patients on whom CPR was attempted survived to the hospital, but 57% of patients for whom CPR  should  have helped made it to the hospital.   I apologize for the long-ass comment and all the italics, but I hear this statistic all the time and (IMO) it's a little bit misleading.
0	You only got a $10 transaction fee for the convenience fee? I got a $12 one and an $8 fee for having two fees.   Then my bank charged me a $35 fee for having three Comcast fees.
1	Agreed. Innox is just subpar, and he should get replaced as soon as they are put of the present split. All of the other players in the coL v. EG match performed exceptionally well, and Innox continued to fuck his teammates over.
0	Omg I knew a kid/neighbour who was like this. He borrowed my copy of FFVII for over a year. He'd say he wasn't even playing it anymore but refused to give it back. He'd just dodge me. Pretend he wasn't home. Pretend he was busy. Wouldn't come to the door when I knocked and his parents answered (Don't know why I didn't just ask him mom to get the game for me.. I was young and stupid I guess). Anyways, I heard that he wanted to watch the movie Snatch. Hey, I owned the Snatch DVD. So I messaged him on MSN and offered to lend him my Snatch DVD in exchange for the game. He agreed and told me to come over. I went over to his house (literally 6 houses down) and rung on the doorbell. He answered it himself for the first time in months. I asked for the game and he handed it to me. He asked for the movie and I just turned around and walked home. Haven't been friends since. Fucker.
1	This is not an entirely accurate statement.  Janna's shield mid game gives Trist the extra AD to make up for her lower mid-game power spike along with a sizable amount of health. Janna also disengages for Trist if it's a bad engage/she gets jumped quite well.  Trist/Janna essentially become a push to turret and force them to last hit there lane, which if properly warded (i.e. this game) means that jungle can't gank unless it's through lane, or MAYBE tri-bush.  However, since it's an Elise (who does NOT want to mean a Rengar in the jungle) she can't even capitalize on that.  So essentially Tris/Janna now have a high-pressure lane that means the opposing jungler will either be mid, top or power farming. Since Elise has no real clear power-spike at 6 she should be camping mid/top but she showed up 1-time (??) top and forced a flash never to be seen there again.   In a traditional, solo-queue sense Trist/Janna are very weak because they will likely get camped/denied farm due to pressure from the jungle and a lane bully (Graves, Draven, MF) and a tanky support (Thresh, Braum, Leona, even Taric). Nami is a good bully/harrass support, but doesn't synergize well with Corki early IMO.   The other thing to consider here is that Janna is the counter-engage to Nami.  If Nami hits a bubble/ult so her team can dive and it doesn't include Janna, then Janna preps a Q or her ult and completely negates that engage.  She can also sheild for ~250 of the damage from whoever does get hit to buy them a little time.
1	You do realize that normal matchmaking has absolutely NOTHING at all with ranked match making. I have a friend who never bothers with ranked and was silver last year because he just did his promos to help out a friend, yet when he solo q's normals he is constantly paired with plat+ players.   I know people who are plat 1 but get paired with gold and silver players in nromals because when they play normals they never play their main role and try odd picks lowering their normals MMR.
0	What you do is make today slightly better than yesterday.  No big steps.  Here is an example that I did, and I lost 10 pounds doing so:   I used to eat snacks out of the box.  Now I weigh the snacks into portions, and put them in smaller containers.  Now each snack is  exactly  150 calories.  Which is a large enough snack for me to feel satiated, and also small enough that it has a small caloric footprint.  Best of all, it feels like there is no change.  I don't feel like I gave up anything.   If you keep making these small changes, then after time you begin to have massive shifts in life style without even noticing it.  You never crave the old way because you honestly feel nothing changed.  I've lost over 20 pounds in about 2 months doing this.  I'm now dropping over 2 pounds a week from small diet changes + exercise.  Yesterday I climbed a mountain (~1500 feet) in an hour and didn't feel out of breath.  It was amazing.
0	It seems a lot of people aren't really getting this, or saying the cashier should be prepared for this. Where I work my starting float used to have 300$ comprised of 20's, 10's, 5's, and coin, so making change for 100$ really wasn't that big of a deal. However the new owner felt it was unnecessary to carry that much money in the till, so now we can only carry 200$ comprised of only 10's, 5's, and coin, and whenever we get 100$ in 20's we have to immediately drop it in the safe.
0	I work at a gym.   Just this week:   Monday  - After I told him that our establishment did not offer a military discount, a man in his early 30's said, "Man, that's ridiculous. No one cares about the military anymore."   What I would have said - "Well, sir, my father was drafted and spent 20 years as a medic in the U.S. Air Force, and when he returned from Vietnam after saving countless lives of injured soldiers people openly protested his existence, spit on him, and the government essentially abandoned friends of his that were maimed or killed... so when you say that no one cares about the military anymore because the establishment you decided to walk into today does not have a few dollars off a gym membership for servicemen, it is a little confusing." (All true)   What I did say - "Oh... uh... Yes, sir."   Tuesday  - Weight Watchers pays us to hold a meeting at our gym on Tuesdays. The actual meetings are free because they want to encourage people to join and start losing weight, and  buy there products . Many of our members attend these meetings as well. An able bodied woman, in her early 40's, who is a member at our gym said, "Can we get rid of these Weight Watcher people? I mean every Tuesday I have to wait for a parking spot or park far away, and it makes me late for my class. Plus, paying members shouldn't have to walk so far from the parking lot or have to deal with looking for a space."   What I would have said - "Well I'm going to completely disregard the fact that you are complaining about parking too far away at the GYM, and try to address the remainder of your grievances to the best of my ability.   1) Did you, an "adult", just blame complete strangers who repeat similar behavior every week for making you late? You say this has been an ongoing issue? If I'm consistently late to work and tell my boss that those asshat commuters just sit on the damn freeway every morning and try to block me from getting to work, I'm probably not going to have a job very long. Did you ever think maybe instead of eradicating something that is inherently trying to help people maybe you might leave your house just a little bit earlier?   2)Weight Watchers actually pays the facility a small fee to host their meetings here, and while the people who attend those meetings might not directly pay the facility for them, meetings lead to memberships and referrals. Both of those things are equal to money as far as we are concerned.   3) Most of the people you want to shit can are actually members that come in at times that you don't and then return for Weight Watchers. Are you so ignorant that you believe only the people in workout clothes are gym members?   4) I am sorry. I guess we should have referred to your expertise of running a gym, or rec. facility, for 0 years before we make any drastic decisions.   5) If you are inside right now, it means you were able to find a parking spot.   6) Have fun at Cardio Salsa,  cunt .   What I did say - "OK, yes m'am. I will pass along your complaint to my supervisor. I am very sorry for your trouble."   Sorry, Just a meathead with terrible grammar trying to vent.
0	It's a part of US foreign policy to have a hyper-power military. It allows the US to exert its influence globally. Also, the reserve currency status is maintained by being able to manhandle other countries. It's a little known fact that we invaded Iraq to get to Saddam due to his efforts to trade Euro's for oil instead of dollars for oil. As long as the US keeps the reserve status for the US currency, it will continue to be sought after by all countries because they need oil.
0	I've been waiting for a chance to tell this story and this is probably the closest situation to mine. When I was 17 I was paralyzed in a car accident (c5-6) that left me without control or feeling of anything below my arms. One problem that comes along with this is not being in complete control of you bowel movements (with repetition and suppositories you can set up a routine). I was shopping for some clothes at the mall and I felt the signs that I was about to shit my pants. Soon after, it happened. I ask an employee of the store I was in where an elevator was. She pointed me toward the express elevator b/c the primary elevator was out for maintenance. I make it to the elevator and press the call button. While waiting for the elevator i guess I started looking down. When the elevator doors opened I looked up and saw two black people on the elevator. I was somewhat surprised because I wasn't expecting anyone on the elevator (the elevator was in the back of a store. pretty secluded). After realizing they were staying on I told them I'll catch it the next time around. My intent of not embarrassing myself had been misconstrued as me not wanting to ride the elevator with two black people.
0	I am a former DQ employee, you are wrong. Shakes and blizzards are entirely different. A blizzard is just soft serve blended with w/e toppings you ask for.   It's solid ice cream so we're able to flip it over.   Hell, we were even able to flip the un blended ice cream cones over for short periods to dip them.   Meanwhile a shake is milk added to the soft serve, if you flip a shake it'll spill because it's not just solid ice cream.   Only way OP's blizzard should have "exploded" would have been if the counter girl added milk to it or didn't have a guard up when she was mixing it. I'm tempted to call shinanegans on the story all together.
1	EDIT:  I have been mostly proven wrong, so go ahead and disregard this post. Won't delete it for sake of keeping my mistakes open, but yeah; might as well save you guys the trouble of reading.   Honestly, you've said a lot of it yourself. I can't exactly call MF 'strong' right now, but in terms of actual  reasoning  behind how her abilities scale, you're telling how it is.   >W: Scales with AD however it deals magic damage   > R: Deals Physical damage but scales exclusively with AP also applies W stacks which scale with AD but deal magic damage.   You still build AD and Armor Penetration on MF; hell, one of her strongest items is the Black Cleaver. But she's a champion who is at her most powerful in the early-mid game. She's a lane bully, and the point to that is in the damage typing. While it's not as effective as say, Corki, the fact that she deals a decent amount of magic damage on top of her physical damage means that even if you build armor against her, you're still going to be dealing with her magic damage hitting against you.   To give a numbers example:   With one rank in Bullet Time, her W deals an additional 6% of her AD on her first attack  as magic damage , with each attack dealing an additional stacking 6%, up until it reaches max stacks--with that one rank in her ult, it comes to a total of 36%. So if MF has 150AD, her max stack attacks are hitting for--before armor--150 physical damage and 54 magic damage. She crits? There's a total of 429 mixed damage.   You're not wrong about her weakness right now, but you seem to be analyzing her in regards to something she's not. She's not a late game, shred the team ADC. Though the scaling on her full-hit ult is pretty huge.   To wit - 384% AD if someone's standing in it for the entire duration. Add a 1000 base damage to that, and the fact that MF tends towards buying Black Cleaver, and you're looking at a world of pain. That 365 AD MF? 2800  mixed  damage across an entire team. It's not as much DPS as someone more powerful late game, but it's really nothing to scoff at.   But you're right. She's not strong. She needs some love--but at the same time, fuck if she ain't fun to play at times.   ~Don't take anything I say as law I suck at this game but I felt like explaining things a bit.~
1	I'd say grab 2 3150 or 1 3150 and 2 1350.   Good ones to grab that are fairly easy and strong? There are really none, it's the trade off, damage for ease of use.   My suggestions, Karthus, Kassadin, maybe Malz (6k though) Anivia, and maybe Zilean (Going from casters is a good way to transition into AD carry because you learn what they do from how you support them, and from AD carry you learn Jungle, and gank co-ordination, which then leads to solotop, and [off]tanking.)
1	no, if you want to show respect and acknowledgement you can say "thanks for the game".   In a 4vs5 game or a game with an intentional feeder/game ruiner I would much much rather have the enemies say "bg" signifying bad game than "gg" signifying good game, we're talking about manners here. You cannot use a phrase like "good game" without it signifying just that, and it's disrespectful like hell to the enemy.
1	Mac was using a 3rd party company to port over LoL to Mac. They cancelled and stopped their mac port from working. ATM there is no native client for osx
0	For your comparison. I'm 31. Male.   I started my weight loss August of 2012. Running from August 12 to November 14. Started lifting (6 days a week)  running (2 days a week) from November to March. Here are my milestones:   August 12 : 240 pounds 42 waist. Could not run 2 consecutive miles without walking a little bit. 34 percent bodyfat. Started 3 days of 40 minutes elliptical with resistance for 2 weeks.   Sep 12 : lost water weight. At 230 pounds. Tight pants now fit. Progressing through 2 days elliptical one day 5k. Takes me about 34 minutes for a 5k.   Jan 13: ran first sub 30 5k. Now running 3 5k per week and a 4 miler on Saturday. Sometime around here I struggle through my first slow 10k.   Mar 13: ran first sub 25 5k and first 15k. Ran a 15k race in 1 hour 26. Down to about 210. Only wear workout clothes. Others too big.   Nov 13: down to 195. 36 waist. Still very soft and undefined.  25 plus bodyfat on bod pod. But I can run well. Up to 3 x35 min 2x 1 hour 30 Min each week. Runners knee hits. Start lifting at thanksgiving.   Mar 14: 10 percent bodyfat. 185. 33 waist. First sub 22 5k 15k race again at 1 hour 6 min. Finish in top 10 percent of almost all races and look nice doing it. No more borderline diabetic. No more high BP, low cholesterol. Feel good.   Present: 9.20 1.5 miles same weight. I eat what I want and exercise 4 days a week. One long run a week.
1	2 years ago, in the summer of 2013, I went on a 19 game winstreak playing only J4 in ranked. I remember honestly not even thinking to myself whether or not I was going to lose, just that I would do my best in the jungle and see what I could make of myself.   I ended up carrying myself from Bronze 2 all the way to my Silver 1 promo's to gold with just J4. It didn't really dawn on me what was happening until around win 12 that I was doing really great (I had absent-mindedly checked my match history after a particularly good game). I'm not sure what happened but it was almost as if a switch had been flipped in my mind. All of a sudden I was outplaying the enemy jungler every game, I knew where and when to apply pressure, and I started being a god at last hit/smiting every major creep camp when I needed to. I started warding for my team, and I just kept winning. Before I knew it, I had skipped Silver 4 after non-stop winning my Bronze promo's and Silver 5 promo's, and was about to finally, for the first time, get Gold. Then I lost a game. I didn't really let it affect me, and won my next 3 matches to get gold.
1	As an east coast American, 200 ping.
1	One, it's in the rules and is a legitimate reason to restart the game. Second, you have no way of knowing that the bug didn't have a huge effect on the game. Renekton is a big lane bully and Aatrox was able to stay in lane considerably longer than he should've. If not for the bug who's to say that they don't tower dive Aatrox and get the jungler a kill or do a ton of damage to the tower that alters the whole game.
0	This is a complicated issue, and, in a way, I see where some of these guys are coming from. They feel like "The woman has this choice that I don't have, and it's not fair". However, this idea that MRAs and other dudes have put forth is wholly unrealistic, and oversimplifies a situation that has a lot of complicated feelings around it.   For one, what about women who are morally opposed to abortion? So you've helped to create a fetus that, to this woman, is a human life. Now you want an abortion, and the woman hears "Kill it or else". It also leaves aside the fact that while many women intellectually agree with abortion, they can still be incredibly emotionally conflicted when it happens to them and they have to make that choice. I've known several women who have had abortions, and some of them went ahead and got one with no issues, but a couple were absolutely devastated leading up to and after it. Luckily I've never (knock on wood) been in that position, but I honestly don't know how I would feel if I was. I dislike the treatment by these people that "Oh abortion is easy, so just get one". It's definitely not that simple for everyone (though it can be for some).   A lot of people (not all, but you brought it up) who advocate for this solution conflate abortion rights and rights to not pay child support. They are completely and absolutely separate issues. Abortion rights are about bodily autonomy, end of. You do not right to decide what goes in and out of her vagina, for many many reasons. You can make an argument against so-called "financial slavery", but they are in no way related. I've even heard it said by MRAs that they should be able to force women into getting abortions, or that as long as men are expected to pay child support, then they won't support abortion rights. Abortion is a choice between a woman and her uterus, not two parents and a child. Child support is an issue regarding a child and his/her rights. Abortion is an issue regarding a woman, and her rights. You can argue that you shouldn't have to pay child support, but "woman can get an abortion!" is not related to your argument.   It's often proposed that women who can't abort but have an unwilling partner should just give it up for adoption. I think that for many women it's almost impossible to give away a baby that you have spent the last nine months gestating, that has literally been a part of you, and then you went through an extremely draining and painful physical process to bring into the world. It's a huge reason that mothers who have elected for adoption back out at the last minute. Most people are programmed to procreate, and pregnancy and hormones often work to indelibly bond the mother to the child she carried.   Another huge problem is logistics. What are the rules surrounding this new policy change? How much notice does the woman have to give? How large is her window? Some women don't even know they are pregnant until three or four months in. My friend didn't even know until she was almost five months, as she had no symptoms and gained maybe five pounds, which gave her a window of about two weeks to make a decision and obtain an abortion. What about cases where the dad disappears? What about cases where the dad isn't sure? What about cases where the dad says he wants it and then leaves later? What about states/places where it's extremely difficult to get an abortion? What about the idea that it's kind of coercive to tell a pregnant woman "Do what I want or you're on your own"? What if the dad opts out but later wants to see or have a relationship with the child? Does the woman get to deny him or ask him for 5/10/18 years of back support? And who pays for that kid if the dad won't? Do we think that society at large will be OK partially supporting a ton of kids whose sperm donors get to have nothing to do with it? What kind of new court system will have to be created to deal with these cases? Who will pay for that? What about the fact that many men (and women) already completely abandon their financial responsibilities to their kids and many face no issues because of it?   What about the fact that by allowing men to "opt out", we are essentially absolving them from any and all responsibility for creating children? Women are the ones to get pregnant, so they can't escape some repercussions if conception happens. The man can now just walk away. This places even  more  burden on the woman. She is solely responsible for all things surrounding birth control and reproduction, because the man has no reason to be. Condom broke, slipped off, or maybe he just "forgot" to put on one? No big. Felt too good, and the guy didn't want to pull out like he said? It's cool for him, it's all on her. And birth control will still fail, but now only one party has to deal with it.   And what about the kid? None of this is their fault, and once they're born, they have rights too. As a society we've decided that the best way to ensure (as best we can) a good outcome for the kid is to have both parents contribute to their care. Regardless of support, a lot of these kids are still going to be born. What about what they need?   I think there are a lot of assumptions made with this idea: that women have easy choices, that they Pare the only responsible party. Fact is, if you get a woman pregnant, you are at least as responsible as her. Put on a condom, get a vasectomy, pull out, agitate for more BC options for men, make sure your partner is using her BC, etc. Sometimes your method fails, and that sucks, but that doesn't mean you get to walk away scot free. The woman is now the bearer of whatever comes next, pregnancy or abortion, and that's her choice because of biology.
1	This was such a bummer. The games crib episode was suppose to reveal some big apparent reason for the boot but I cant help but return to the thought that it was more personal then business. Nothing went down when Chaox was benched and left at the TSM house. This was all over something that happened in Dallas which he was punished for. Players on the team went from saying "We are 85-90% sure this is just a temporary thing" to "let's vote". Maybe the Dyrus clip in the end just hits me hard and im typing out of pure emotion but everything is pretty laid out clear to me. Props to chaox for taking it so professionally I know I couldn't have done it.
0	Not the same trait at all.  While smoking is a way of damaging health and the lungs what he is talking about it vastly different.  He speaks of dedication to exercise and eating right (possibly).  Smoking dosn't make you fat and if you exercise regularly you won't notice the lung capacity issue for a long time.
0	Religious beliefs have very little (if not nothing) to do with the conflict in NI and the old one in Ireland. They did not fight to determine whether transubstantiation was a viable dogma. They fought as social entities within a country colonised by Britain for hundreds of years. Hundreds of years during which Irish people (traditionally catholics - they still are today, and yes it's important to stress it) suffered (more or less, depending on the era you look at) under the rule of British kings and queens. The suffering of Irish folks is that of a colonised country.   And that's were I think you miss the point. Religion  does  play a part in NI still today. Not as  people disagree on religious matter  but as in the religion you're born in will determine a shitload of social factors for you, whether you end up believing or not. Compare it to race problems in the US. Traditionnaly, protestant people in NI descend from british and scottish settlers, whereas catholic people are Irish all the way through (there again, generalisation to keep things simple).   But then again, the conflict in Ireland and then NI is deep, complicated, and would take a shitload of time to explain. Basically what is to be remembered is:     Irish people, when set in a society where discrimination was  institutionalized  have benefited and still benefit from AA.   The question of religion is central but not in the way most people think. Many people tend to believe catholicism is a major component of  irishness . To what extent is that true? Are Protestants in NI not Irish? If you look at polls, you'll see that Catholics still identify as Irish, but not so much for Protestants --> [see here] ( And what about protestants in Ireland (they're few but they exist!)?   If you want to take a look at AA in NI, you can start [here] ( but I suggest reading about the history of the two countries (ROI and NI) first, to try and grasp the identity dynamics.   The idea that Catholics are now better treated that protestants (including through AA) is what led a portion of the Protestant lower-class to start the flag protests last year.
0	Hnnnnnng! Its like heaven's descending upon my feet with every eyelet of my boot laces undone. And if that wasnt good enough the sweet sweet orgasmic tingle of the thick wet carrhart socks being removed from my pruned feet. And as if this angelic orgasm wasnt good enough, putting the dry, clean,warm socks on after is like sleeping with Jennifer aniston followed by her handing you her credit card.
1	Now i know azubu is a great team and they deserved the win, but i was not exactly impressed with their skill, not that they're bad, the opposite is true they are a incredibly strong team. But still they were hyped as being so much better than everybody and they 3-0 TSM in close games that were in there're favor. Relatively speaking they didnt seem totally dominant, and considering other powerhouse teams like M5 and CLG EU, i dont think they are leagues (Punny) better than those teams, their performance against TSM was not nearly as dominant as the M5 vs TSM matches, in which M5 just shits on TSM. so basically i think M5 may be the best team in the world. but of course its all speculation well see at the season2
0	It all comes down to a question of who is paying for your college. If your parents are paying, it's a dick move to try to force you into med school, but they have a right to not pay for a sociology degree if they don't feel it's worthwhile. If they aren't paying, who gives a fuck what they want? They have no leverage. Hopefully you'll follow their advice and everyone else's and avoid sociology, but if your parents aren't the ones paying, you can do whatever you want.   Note that even if your parents  are  paying for your college, they can never force you to do something you don't want to do. They can refuse to pay for a sociology major, but they can't force you into med school. Honestly, you'd probably be better off just putting yourself through school or getting a job and working your way up the ladder without a degree than wasting several years of your life stressing and sweating over a career you have no interest in and are going to fail in anyway (and make no mistake, you WILL fail in a medical career if you don't want to be there).
1	People won't play the game the way YOU want them to. Too many people will have an amazing time racking up pentakills and the like that they have never seen before.
0	Car insurance is not in any way comparable to the phone insurance that companies try to sell to consumers.   With car insurance, you are paying to cover all the damage you could cause with your car, not just damage to the car (and cheap insurance doesn't even cover damage to your own car, just the liability insurance mandated by law) this insurance protects you from HUGE losses that may be financially ruining.   With electronics insurance, you're looking at the cost of replacing your device.  period.  For some people, the cost of replacing an iPad could be financially ruinous- but at worst they can get a cheap flip phone as replacement.   With electronics, it's all a numbers game; if you have 20 electronics devices, and one of them breaks in a way that is covered by that coverage in the period the coverage lasts, it will have cost you less to just pay to replace the device n the first place.   Most people don't break their electronics, phones included, and the more devices you have, the more expensive it becomes to keep them all covered.  Simply put, it's never worth paying for those plans because in your life time, you will end up owning enough devices (especially at a new phone every two years, and even ignoring laptops, PCs, tablets, cameras, and so on) that you lose money on covering them for damage.   a quick look online finds that AT&T offers insurance for around $7/mo, and that insurance plan has a deductible of $199 for iPhones from 4 up and all ipads, and Bestbuy can sell you a replacement iPhone 5 for $699   After a successful claim on a covered iPhone 5, you would get a replacement "certified like-new" phone from AT&T minus the deductible, which I assume they charge you. (normally insurance would pay you the value of the damages minus the deductible, but since this isn't insurance from an insurance company, you just get a new phone)   So, that's a $500 value (minus whatever you feel like because you are getting a certified like new phone, not a new phone)   That comes out to 75 months, or just under 6 years- so you lose money on the phone insurance if you don't break your phone and get it replaced at least once every 6 years (sooner, depending on how much you value a "certified like new" phone over an actual new one)
1	I think it's a good thing for the e-Sports scene in the long run, it is not stable enough to stand on its own right now. In other words: the companies supporting e-Sports right now are not making profit from it. Until LoL/other games reach a level where it will be profitable for the companies to have a pro-scene, we will need e-Sports-related companies/organizations to be as stable as possible, to be able to support the scene indirectly.
1	I think that this meta is too limited on what champs can participate in most of the roles. This would make it prone to being completely dismantled by bans (if it ever became adopted as the new meta).   However, the idea is great in the sense that you would have obscene objective control with the proper coordination.   One thing you may have overlooked is that you are assuming that both your chosen jungler would be able to completely dominate the opposing jungle. The enemy jungler in the current meta will usually start on one side or the other with great protection. This would limit your jungler on that side pretty badly. I feel like, even though the concept of your idea would eliminate the whole 'support taking one for the team' thing, that someone is going to be taking that hit regardless because of the way half the resources are not guaranteed to 2 players. Passive, defensive play could easily undermine the entire strategy.   I also am wondering if CV fits in anywhere in this because it seems that it'd be most useful with this kind of playstyle, who would take it? Also, it seems like because of the champion limitation for this composition, your team could end up heavily melee and lack a lot of range...
0	There are plenty of ways to read small text   Ya, but lazy.   >
1	Can you give any real examples of a champions in the forums being released in Dota? I played Dota for years and enjoyed reading the Hero suggestion forums, and I was always really disappointed that heroes never got implemented. I then got really excited by the Farie Dragon hero creation contest, only to be hugely let down when Puck was a mashup of the top suggestions, instead of an actual hero suggestion.   Another example was a hero who had "pinball corpses". He made all minion corpses bounce enemy champions and deal damage for a short time. He also had a spell that worked like the opposite of Dark Seer's vacuum, and repelled all units away from target unit. I remember that the hero had a lot of unique and fun concepts, but none of them were ever implemented.   Final example is the Hydra hero. About every 2 weeks a hero using the hydra model was suggested, and to this day a hydra hero does not exist in Dota.   I will concede that the community did influence balancing.
0	I'm not advocating the enabling of self destructive behavior. I'm just saying holy shit. If someone's fat, and they have no medical or other extenuating circumstances, chances are they are being self destructive; which means they probably already hate themselves or certain aspects or parts of themselves at least... so why the fuck would you wanna tear them down even more?   If I see a guy get mugged on the street I don't run up and help the muggers kick him in the fuckin ribs. I call emergency services and run up to make sure he's okay when the people who might have knives, guns, and or just be able to beat me to death, have all left the premises.
1	What works for me is to consistently communicate with my team, starting from Champion Select, continuing on in the laning phase, and finally and most importantly, during the end game. The idea is to make your teammates very aware of what your needs are during the course of the game, i.e. passivity, ganks, when to push, when to NOT push. Also I always tell my team what my preferences are in Champion Select (AD carry) but have learned at least two other other roles (Support and Mid). The key to raising your ELO imo is balancing flexibility and mastering a few champions.   Finally, someone already said it, but don't worry about the number. Worry about winning your lane and figuring out how you can help other lanes win. More often than not, if you win your lane your chances of the winning the game skyrocket. Of course you'll always run across trolls or people having a bad time (which is the case most often, remember bad game =/= troll) but you can be the consistent factor by mastering your particular lane.
1	People have discussed this for about 2 years. Maybe even more. The answer has not changed. Since ZAC is a very... for lack of better words ''blobby'' hero, he can't have anything that is really solid on him. If he did, it wouldn't look right. If he had a suit his arms would extend, but his suit can't. As well as his ult where he does this crazy shit and morphs into these crazy shapes, his suit would rip and tear.
0	I'm short, my boyfriend is short. I much prefer this to being with a really tall guy or girl. Besides, I like to be the one doing the protecting sometimes!   My first ex was really tall compared to me, aside from the guy turning out to be fairly unpleasant all round I can't say it's something I'd ever look for in a person. Kind of unattractive to me, made me feel disproportionate and physical contact -even holding hands- a bit more awkward than with someone roughly matching my height.
0	because women and men are still not on the same page in terms of equality. cunt is in reference to females or female genitalia, along with bitch. on the other hand, in the US, it's really common to talk about "having balls" which is a very positive thing because it enforces masculinity. to be called a bitch or a pussy, however, is emasculating. i would argue that calling anyone (man or woman) a cunt, is worse than calling someone a dick because being a man is seen as BETTER than being a woman. using these words only enforces that stereotype.
0	Fun fact: lobster is one of the few things that has an inverted cost to quality ratio. If you go to Maine you can get the highest quality lobster for $10 - $15, but if you order lobster in California you might end up paying $90 - $200 for a dish with lower quality meat.   This is because soft shell, or relatively newly molted lobsters, can't survive the shipping process much further than the port they come in at. The hard shell lobsters that can survive that process tend to have less flavorful meat, so you're really paying for presentation and ambiance.
1	So there is an issue here and its something that I am picking up before I read any further... this is actually the ONLY thing I have read:   > Passive: Blood Scent   The reason why I am already having an issue is that as a Jungler, your play style should involve (to some extent) suprising your opponents with your positioning on the map. Blood scent does give your champion a nice movement speed boost, but it also reveals your general location on the map. It lets your opponents know if you are top/bottom side, near mid, in the enemy jungle... or during late game, which of 9 sections on the map you are in.  This is alone would be a Nerf to Warwick due to the knowledge/positional advantage it would give the enemy team.   Having stated this, I will now continue reading your suggestions     Making Warwick a "more" hybrid champion (Magic damage still on hit, which he does a lot) is very interesting choice. I personally enjoy the large amounts of magic he currently holds and the variations this can have on his build. This change does make sense thematically though as he is a giant dog, swinging his giant claws... one would think he should do physical damage.   Due to the above I like the change to Q.   I very greatly love the change to W... or at least the condescending of two like-minded abilities. Although it does somewhat decrease Warwick's early sustain in the jungle (or in lane). I would however suggest rewording the active so that Warwick gains an X% increase in attack speed and Allies gain two-thirds (or 66% of X%) of that amount. Rather than allies gaining X% and Warwick gaining 150% of X%   The new ability on Warwick's E draws a lot of questions from me. 1st, you admit that Warwick is a Single Target Damage Dealer. To keep this, you really don't want an AOE ability. This hurts Warwick thematically as well as balance wise. 2nd, Warwick is MEANT to be SLOW when clearing the jungle. He makes up for his lower clear speeds by having incredible sustain while doing so. Due to this, giving him AOE clearing potential is out of line.   Your change to Infinite Duress also kinda worries me. The main issues I have with this is that you are taking a champion meant for long sustained fights and adding bonus MR and Armor to him. I understand that due to the fact it is % increases you are benefiting the players who chose to build defensively rather than offensively, but there are already some highly effective defensive items for Warwick. Infinite Duress being a suppress also benefits Wariwcks team greatly already by taking a potentially high damage target out of the fight completely, while steal dealing damage to that target. Leaving Warwick tankier after that would be a poor choice.   There is another over all thing that annoys(?) me, and that is how everything is based of of Total AD. On this Warwick design, I see a general build being along the lines of: BT/Bortk/Hydra, BT/Bortk/Hydra, Spirit Visage, Ninja Tabi, Spirit of the Elder Golem, and then a filler tank (GA, Randuins, Iceborn Gauntlet) or aggressive (LW, BC, TriForce) item depending on the rest of your team. With this build you'll be hitting somewhere close to 240-300 Attack. 350% of this would lead to upwards of 1050 damage, before resistances, which would put almost any carry into Blood-Scent territory. Should you be a tanky Warwick, say only 1 damage item, you would very little damage out of your ultimate at all. I would suggest lowering the Total AD to something like 250% and adding a base damage per auto attack as on the Live Model, something like 50/65/80 Base damage per Attack, totaling to: 250/325/400 + 250% Total AD over the duration of the ultimate.   Basic things to look at:
0	ITT: People are like barbarians using PCs. Go through 2-3 in college??? I have an HP Pavilion tx2000 tablet laptop (I know I thought they would be useful) and besides the battery wearing down like every other laptop, I have zero problems with it. NOW I give credit to Apple, those Macbooks are built better than PC in Mid 2000s but when I compared the Asus A55 Series to a Macbook, the durability was about the same and I could customize the PC. I work in IT so I enjoy changing hardware to my standards, but that doesn't mean I wouldn't get a Macbook: I just haven't had problems with PCs since I am not 7 years old and destroy it with viruses/IE/some porn.
1	Its good to have variety of items you look to buy depending on how the game is going, who the threats are on their team, what role your filling for your team (in the case of xin are you trying to assassinate the enemy carries or are you more of a front line tank trying to set up your carries to clean up). Its important to understand what stats you need in each situation and what items you think will best fill those needs.   In your situation you ask about trinity vs mallet and the question is are you trying to soak hits and disrupt the enemy carry or are you trying to be the one who gets the kills and removes the threats from the battle. If your a tank then you want survivability so a mallet would be the better of the two options, if your wanting higher damage at the lost of less utility and durability then you would get the trinity.   The other thing too is you might want to be the tanky initiator but you want early damage but as the game goes on you shift towards being tanky so 1st item trinity might be the better choice then start building your tank items like randuins, warmogs, aegis, etc. Understanding items and the flow of a particular game can greatly dictate the choices you make in your build.   Just have to experiment with items and feel out what you think works best given a particular situation. Flexibility on most champs (expecially when your in a feast or famine type position like jungling) is important in your success as being stuck in a ridged build can result in making the wrong item at the wrong time and that gold investment being fairly worthless. Example: Playing Skarner and building a glacial shroud as one of your typical early core items when the enemy team had a fed kass that is causing havoc for your team. You really would want some MR and HP in this situation instead of a big armor buy. Instead you might think about an aegis for a more even stat mixture, quickly completing your ancient golem for tenacity and HP, or maybe a locket of the iron solari for the CDR, HP, shield for the team, and still have some armor for tanking towers or the ADC.
0	It is ridiculous the amount of people who will find a cat and insist it is better off with them. My cat cannot have a collar because she prowls though thick bushes and it gets snagged and pops off. I feel slightly better knowing that she will meow uncontrollably until she is let outside, in which case she could find her way home because she goes on long walks with my dogs and I. My city is especially bad about taking animals because it is a college town and mainly the chicks are delusional when it comes to animal ownership, for instance I had a friend who had a wealthy father, though he preferred to live a life of traveling and that meant sometimes crashing on couches with his pup. One day he woke up on my porch's couch to discover that his dog had been taken, he searched everywhere for it and eventually saw it in a yard a few blocks over, he confronted the people and they denied stealing it, he called the cops and he couldn't provide sufficient proof that the dog was his, so they granted the last person who had taken it to the vet custody, in this case it was the people who stole it, who then got him neutered.
0	Don't forget to eat enough calories and protein and make sure you fit it into your sleep schedule.
1	One player leaving isn't a team breaking up. Gambit has pretty obviously relied on Alex Ich for a lot if they crumbled like they did when they lost. So I'll concede that Alex is an amazing player who would probably beat most NA mid laners with some good competition with XWX and maybe Bjergsen if he's on point. Alliance I will also give you, with the exception of the losing streak they have been an interesting team that shows flashes of unquestionable power, I hope they really get better with more time. This is their first split right? I hope they just keep growing. Fnatic though is still hit and miss. Yeah Good Fnatic would probably be considered better than most but as we saw last year at the battle of the Atlantic,  bad fnatic is not there.
0	I remember my dad's delight in my love of Star Wars. I had the stomach flu and was couch ridden the day they came out with the trilogy as a VHS set. He asked me if he could watch the first movie on our one TV and I didn't mind since I was drifting in and out of sleep. I ended up watching all 3 with him that day, and making him pause each time I went to puke my brains out. It made being sick kind of a fun experience. I am thankful for all of the good stuff my dad showed me, especially this and his taste in music.
0	If I remember my 12th grade psychology class, the amygdala is the oldest (biological time--least developed) part of the brain. It's where things like pheromone sensing is done.   It's also the most primal part of your brain, and the reason adult males notice post pubescent females when, in our society, that's frowned upon.   Men feel guilty, but it's just the primal part of your brain fucking with you. Just put them in your metaphorical spank bank and don't touch or comment on it.
0	I would try to think about the perspective of the driver and the perspective of the initial assailant.   The Assailant: He must think the driver has done something horrible, or that he can damage the property of the driver and get away with it. Either way he demonstrates poor judgement by attacking a 2 ton motile box of death while unarmed. At worst he is dumb and psychotically aggressive, while at best he is dumb and justified. Additionally, the assailant tries to stay on the hood after it moves endangering himself in the likely event the driver flees. Finally, If the driver has done something horrible, just get his plate number and press charges, call cops or otherwise deal with it, when the odds of losing the fight are not so one-sided.   The Driver: Has either done something horrible in the eyes of the assailant or nothing at all. The attack is unjust unless it was a response to an assault b the driver, which seems unlikely, as the car is pristine. If I am attacked while driving my car, my thought process will change from "mosey through traffic" to "defeat imminent threat so it can hurt no one again" or "run for life from imminent threat". If it is in front of me I hit it with the car even if I am trying to flee. Otherwise, I go into fight or flight. If I fight I have a car and they do not I should win. If I take flight I have a car and they do not all they need to do is get out of my and I flee and they are unharmed.   I would also expect that if this went to court the driver could easily get off on self defense. I would expect to if I were the driver.
1	I really like how the top section looks. But i am missing things in this picture. To me it seems like the whole store disappeared and i can no longer manage teams and decide which runes i take and some other stuff. The information riot has on his many pages cannot be put onto one page. But you could leave the top section like it is and switch the image below it.   If you click on play the different game modes would pop up below and similar with shop and other things. The notification would have to move to the top section with this as well since the bottom section changes all the time.
1	Try googling for ui mods, there's a few available. If you have no luck, perhaps try finding someone who knows how to make'em and ask nicely. =P   Could you perhaps post a screenshot, though (there's a special button for that in LoL, IIRC, BTW, I don't think printscreen works)? So we can see what's up - because, honestly, I had mine set to ~1/3 of the way down, and IMO the UI still took up too much space, and everything was too big, but I found a neat UI mod with great instructions on how to install after a short search with google and everything looks way better! =)
1	I think you're misunderstanding me :L   I'm not saying there is malice in saying "GG". I'm saying it's an acronym, like "ASAP" or "OMW", which stands for "good game". When you tell someone an acronym, the person takes it as it is. In person, if you say "good game", your body language gives additional signals that help avoid misunderstanding. Miscommunication is easy when you are looking at a screen. How often have you seen someone read a comment and start arguing with someone, only to have both commenters end up realising they were actually agreeing since the start? Acronyms were made to communicate a message that delivers the same, simple message, every time.   I'm not at all saying that typing "GG" at the end of a "bad" game is a crime. I'm saying, for the sake of clarity, that I think typing "WP" is more appropriate when one team had a troll/afk/other major disadvantage that took the fun out.
1	I  USED  to have the same problem, I THINK i know what the problem was and i fixed it, What i do, is i find when i buy my bortk, its kind of highlighted like my mouse is hovering over it, and if i try to use it when its like a weird highlighted color, it doesnt EVER EVER Go off, so what i do is slide my my mouse over it right after buying, and it like un-highlights, and it works everytime from then on
1	I actually disagree with the point that a flexible meta is entirely a good thing in LoL.  If you look at that same situation in DOTA2, and how the competitive games can have a 3-1-1 set up, a 2-1-2 setup or a 1-2-1 with a jungler set up and so on, it makes the games of the general populace extremely horrible as an experience.   Look at it this way.  Ofcourse the game is a team game, its designed to be played as a 5v5 mindset and the idea of a flexible meta is actually good IN ONLY THIS SITUATION.  thats because TEAMS can master certain set ups, certain comps and so on and become extremely proficient and then its a game of who executes what better and plays a strategically greater game.   Now you have what over 99% of the games populace are playing which are games with probably no more than 2 or 3 people that actually know each other.  Couple that with different regions, especially europe, communication is at a fault.  For example, im english and i've had games with french, italian and spanish premades with me, and ive been able to fit my role, my position in the game just because i know the meta and its a mutual universal understanding.   You've now introduced an incredible amount of co ordination between so many meta's that different people are more and some are less proficient in.  What also is a problem is now the quality of games deteriorates because of this imbalance of understanding at how others play.   The best example i can give in terms of league is how the transitions from season 1 and 2 affected Shushei for example.  At his time he was almost how faker is looked out now, and his AP top was incredibly good.  The meta shift and he fell down hard, and while a meta change is good, having a flexible meta will make this much more impactful at all levels.   The same thing happened to Lilballz of TPA, he was so used to the cc supporty type junglers and the meat tanks that the more nimble and gank assassins like lee sin, jarvan and evelynn that crept up over time really made him lose his edge, and while ofcourse he should be able to adapt,  a constant fluctuating meta will cause considerable harm to the state of the game in lower level play   At the end of the day, league of legends is a GAME and people use it to blow off steam, have some fun and enjoy it, and with a flexible meta people are going to be less in the loop, the game is going to lose its pick-upable status, and i feel thats what made league of legends so popular   take this post as you will with a grain of salt, but ive played league for over 3 years (and at diamond level), and have had my hand in DOTA2 for well in the 100's of hours.
1	only because it is projected doesnt mean it is a projectile.   >A laser is a device that emits light through a process of optical amplification based on the stimulated emission of electromagnetic radiation. The term "laser" originated as an acronym for "light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation".   >A projectile is any object projected into space (empty or not) by the exertion of a force.   notice how lux laser is evrywhere at the same time but you can see how slow everythink that is blocked by yasuos w travels through the air.
1	The point you're missing however is that your MMR is artificially elevated in promos, especially those for higher tiers.  Meaning that holding a 50% or even 51% win rate in your games currently does not mean that that rate continues in promos.  And you're also assuming that matchmaking doesn't screw up and put people way above your MMR in your group because the queue time goes long enough that it gives you a sub-par match.  And if matchmaking screws up AND you're matched against a duo of two higher players your chances of winning are drastically reduced.
1	YOu dont pick ezreal for dmg. Ofcs blue ezreal sucks balls currently and deals no dmg. But normal ezreal is a selfpeel adc. He doesnt need peel supports. With botrk and triforce he can kite and poke bruisers hard enough. Also he has a global ult. People are just stupid. They always want Jinx, or Vayne even though enemy has 3 gapclosing bruisers and will die instantly.
0	That works well most of the time, but sometimes it is the worst way to go about it. For instance I once worked on my neighbor's computer to remove some viruses, malware, and spyware (it was a nightmare). That normally isn't a big deal. However, her computer was  8 years old . We're talking 2.5 GHz CPU with 256 RAM running BASE XP.  Boot time of 20 minutes. I could barely work on it. Worse yet, it didn't have drivers for USB or ethernet installed. It was the job from hell.   I probably spent over 16 hours dicking with it trying to fix it. I eventually got it working better but it was just too old. I charged her $100 with the understanding that if anything else goes wrong with it I would not service it again and that it would be better for her to buy herself a new one and have someone do the transfer for her. (note: I told her the cost of me working on it again would be more than the cost to buy herself a new PC and I honestly was doing her a huge favor, even if I seemed like a bit of a dick).
0	One time a guy at my school's bookstore looked up my phone number on their system (that's how they keep track of book rentals) and started texting me without telling me who he was for awhile. He just kept asking things like "So, how did you like class XX" and "It's sexy that you're going to be a lawyer." Keep in mind, I live 700 miles away from my home, so it's not like it could have been a long lost friend. By the time he told me who he was, I was so freaked out that this mystery person knew so much about me, I called the book store. Pretty sure he was fired. Also 100% sure I'll be buying all my books online.
1	People are looking passed the advantages of the other supports. Yes Thresh by far offers the most utility for any support but lets look at the others. Leona has 3 cc abilities, 1 of which is aoe. Annie brings more damage and also has an aoe stun. Morgana brings strong single target cc and a very strong shield which can block spell effects. And i'm not mentioning any of the sustain supports or high shields like lulu.
1	Glad i'm not the only one with this problem as an adc main. And can we also have a range indicator on smartcasting attack move? i use everything on smartcast including the "attack move" key. But the problem is that i use range indicators on all my smartcast but there isn't an option for a range indicator on smartcasting attack move. This would really help. It just seems to help me a lot imo.
0	It seems like people tend to hold beliefs and disbeliefs about anything (gods, democracy, the stock market) only because their desires are aligned with those beliefs. I figure the desire for friendly association is a good part of the reason why most of the people I know from my hometown are theists and those in my graduate program are atheists, although the interaction between association and belief goes both ways. I've never heard a really convincing reason for either theism or atheism that didn't speak to the person's own desires.
0	One of my dad's old bosses took his wife, her son, and his two kids to McDonald's one night after some event or another. They all wanted to get home after a long day so they just utilized the drive-thru. They place the order: three hamburger happy meals, a number one, and a 6 piece nuggets. They pay, get their food, and drive home.   Now this man, while brilliant with investments, had either no common sense or something. They drive 45 minutes home to the otherside of town, passing FOUR OTHER MCDONALD'S LOCATIONS THAT WERE ALSO OPEN, go inside their house, sit the kids down at the table, and open up the order. They're missing a happy meal.   He gets upset he didn't get the food he paid for. So he pulls out the phone book, looks up the location they'd visited, and calls. He asks for the manager, explains the situation, to which the manager apologizes and offeres to have an entire order ready for them. He declines because it's such a long drive and states he only wishes to speak with the person who handed out the order. He was calm the entire time so, possibly due to his calmness or the ineptitude of the manager on duty, they put him in the phone with this 16 year old girl who handed him his food.   "Yes, my name is (redacted). I came through your drive-thru with my wife and our three kids. We've had a very long day, my kids are hungry, I'm hungry, my wife is hungry, amd we're all extremely tired. Your locarion is 45 minutes away from our house, so driving back out there is currently beyond my means. So what I wamt you to do, to make this entire scenario better, is to get on the phone with my kids, and tell them which one isn't going to eat dinner tonight and why."   He then handed the phone to his son.   Having worked fast food for over ten years, I can honestly tell you those are the kinds of people that call.   Edit:
0	Through giving more subsidies to the banks? We tried that. Through removing regulations? Many of them were put there for very important reasons. Though tax cuts? Leading to government cuts, leading to lost jobs. All while the money from tax cuts is at least in part, "but by the last few pieces of evidence, most of it" will go to shareholders, not to hire new workers. And the workers lost in the government sector would offset any gained, and those government jobs are often the middle class jobs with job security. What has evidence backing up the potential results is raising the [minimum wage]( while having zero impact on job creation or loss in the short term, will provide more buying power to those workers, driving our consumer market. But the Republican is against that... How about large public works? Anyone who knows much history of our last century could look at how they fixed it right? It was the large public works of the WWII and the New Deal! now while production costs of military cannot fund us the same way,our roads do need some work. And we could fund technology research and design. Space. Art even! whatever people have degrees or can do that can be turned into a job! This is a rather silly way honestly... but not as silly as giving anouther trillion to the banks and hoping it will work THIS time. or cuting all the big businesses taxes and hoping that THIS time the trickle down effect works "against all the evidence since Ronald Regan that it does not."
1	AD was nerfed by 5 and you no longer have mana regen. stats are worth ~1400g
1	No, I don't use third party software, but I used to. I realized that the threat of getting caught wasn't worth the benefit I was getting so I stopped. But basically you can't tell at all. Some are simply jungle timers that are better than the in-game ones, and you would have no way to detect that. Others are ones that let you know when minions get to low enough health that you can AA them and kill them, so you wouldn't be able to tell the difference between someone who is good at cs'ing and someone using this. Other things are like visual indicators like tower rangers or gank alerts. Basically, most 3rd party software only ENHANCES the player by giving a handicap. So, last hit marker helps with last hitting, gank alert helps people who are too focused on other things to see a gank coming, tower range for people that want to more accurately poke around tower. Nothing is overtly "Cheating", in the sense that there are no mods I know of they give you vision of the entire enemy team. Most of the 3rd party stuff i've seen just makes it so you can play at a level slightly higher than you do now.
1	She's viable mid top and support, don't even think about AD or jungle, her clears are really crap in the jungle and the itemization required for her to be useful at all just makes the jungle hard for her to clear, other AD carries are just better, just buy Sivir or Ashe if you want to AD, they're cheap and great! I recommend trying her top bruiser, she actually does really well against some champions, she does well against Darius and Singed for example! Mid is more of a fun pick tbh, she gets outshined there too but going AP lulu can be fun at times!
1	Honestly, just watch TheOddOne's stream.  He's pretty hilarious and probably has the best jungle commentary.   As a jungle main, though, here are the biggest pieces of advice I can give:     Learn how to snowball - I had a 72% winrate as Jungle Mundo last season (gold).  A big part of this was because I took advantage of my team's strength.  In particular, by contesting buffs.  The first buff a jungler takes will respawn by 7:15 or so.  You should usually try to contest that buff unless you think your team would lose if a teamfight breaks out around that buff (most junglers don't time their buffs, though, so you can usually try to straight up steal it regardless if you can take it quickly).  Be sure to communicate to your team to contest the buff; make sure they aren't low when you try to contest it.  They should also try to push out their lanes to make it more difficult for the other laners to respond.  Once you take that buff, you have its timer so you can do the same thing AGAIN after five minutes.  Buff camps give a huge amount of exp, so repeated steals will hurt the opposing jungler and prevent them from handing the buff to a laner.  Additionally, stealing red buff allows you to hand off your own red buff to top/bot, which usually will allow them to destroy their lane opponent.     Be in their heads - When trying to gank, think about how laners usually ward.  For example, (flip if you're on purple side) top lane usually wards the entrance to your blue buff while bot lane usually wards the tribush and a lane bush.  This means you can gank top by going through their jungle and into their tribush while you can gank bot by simply running down the river.  You can also do some crazy ganks by, say, walking into the opposing blue buff entrance and flashing over the wall into the edge of their tower range or, for top, waiting in the river bush when the laner returns after their first recall.  If they put down a ward, they'll usually try to walk past you to put down a ward at your blue entrance, basically handing you the gank on a silver platter (though in S3 a lot of top laners are starting with wards, so check this at the beginning).  Get in the opposing jungler's head as well.  If you see one of your lanes overextending, especially if it's fed and/or the opposing lane is being pressured, you can wait nearby for a countergank.  If you take a buff level 1, you can expect the opposing jungler to steal your corresponding buff.  Plead with your support to ward that buff for you so you can kill him if the jungler does try to take it.  Even if you don't kill him, you'll usually end up wasting him time and an escape summoner.  Also, if the jungler is low after a gank, you can often find him taking wraiths/wolves before he recalls.     Blood Frenzy - Be like a shark if someone blows Flash, especially on characters with escapes.  In Season 3, time Flashes (5 minute base c/d in S3) and camp that lane hard (unless another lane really needs the help).  After all, a second and third gank will likely yield results as well as their tears.     Triage - Sometimes, either a lane is simply not salvageable (for example, if a laner like Nidalee who can't help much with ganks loses her lane) or all your lanes are losing, focus your ganks on the lane that can snowball the best and camp that hard.  You'll get yelled at by the other lanes, but it's usually for the best; you can't be everywhere at once.
1	I tried to read it, I really did, but I couldn't make heads or tails of it because you don't seem to have an "Enter" key.   Then I read the
1	Dude I was referring to a time when a jungler came and tower dived straight from getting blue buff on blue side and died then blamed me even though I V pinged him after the guy flashed because it was enough but he was too greedy, If you honestly think that was in anyway my bad I have no words for you. Although I know you didn't have this information before so you may have been mislead.
0	Happened to me too in East Riverside (Austin, Tx) I (18 year old white girl) was at a gas station and locked my keys in the car. A random band was like filming the whole thing while they tried to help me. Then this burly Mexican guy comes up and asks if there's a problem. I told them what happened and he got a kit from his car, it was a pump that goes between the window and the frame, so when you put air in it you can use a stick to unlock to door. I offered to buy his gas for helping me and he said it was not a problem and that he just wanted to help me. I must've said thank you a hundred times haha. I mean it was kind of strange he had a kit to break into cars but before I even asked he said he used to work for a company that does it for cheap. Anyways, he was awesome and I was super thankful. I was wearing a dress though, which may have been why like at least 8 guys came over to ask what was wrong.
1	I apologize if came off overly aggressive. I suppose that's the way I talk, but I was simply discussing the future of League of Legends.   Anyways your ambition for League of Legends is rather far reaching. Most major food and drink industries (like Coca-Cola) create such a huge stream of revenue that they often have the excess finance to throw advertisement deals at anything and everything they can, simply because eventually they find something that sticks.   Every game stagnates, simply because they require a modicum of creativity in order to sustain themselves over a long enough time. WoW is able to keep themselves around so long simply because they're pumping out expansion packs to constantly keep things fresh. League of Legends is severely limited with their content because their only new content is a handful of champions every year or some modified small portion of the game. Looking at the bigger picture though it is still the same gameplay over and over.   It's definitely arguable whether the League of Legends pro-scene is able to stick around for a bit but the general population buying skins and whatever random content (which I assume is the majority of Riot's revenue) is already starting to plateau. It's already fairly common for people to all-together quit playing the game but still thoroughly enjoy the pro-scene. A 5-10 year prediction is very much a longshot, let alone anything that Hollywood would be interested in.
1	I always thought that the moon was married to the sun, but the sun had to come down to earth everyday and work the fields and crops as this was long before people could do these things and someone/thing must tend to the land.   The Moon used to cry ALL THE TIME bc she was a jealous and needy little wife, the moons tears would fall to the earth where they would become Silver. The Sun was hard headed and a strong worker, his wife tears did not bother him, he kept on working, day after day he would work the fields, he worked so hard he built up a sweat every day, and when his sweat would drop to the earth, it became gold.
0	I tend to find that it is not generally the thing itself being admonished, but instead the language used to talk about it.   Terms like, veteran, hero, soldiering, they all have odd embedded semantics.   'Veteran' used to mean someone who has a wealth of experience in a particular field, but for the military, all you require is one day service. I'm 26, and apparently I'm a veteran.   The word 'hero' is thrown about too; It's so watered down it that it's almost useless. It's almost the default adjective for military personnel.   'Fighting', clearly a destruction action, when used in a military context is somewhat a positive, Fighting for freedom, fighting for rights.   Euphemisms are the norm in military discussion. 'Serving your country', you don't say this about postmen, or bakers, so why military... because "unfortunate but necessary killing" ain't a pretty alternative.   In a sense what I'm trying to say is there has been somewhat of a military circle-jerk for quite a while, that the language used to discuss it all has an implied glamour to it.   Now I'm not saying this is a bad thing, I liked the idea of supporting the troops. But to be honest, soldiering is not glamorous, it's rarely heroic, and to be honest its gritty, disgusting and really boring. We are, after all - just like bin men - doing the dirty work of society.
1	Well /r/leagueoflegends isnt`t that bad, but I get what you mean. I took a look at /r/starcraft and it was really boring tbh. Let there be posts about esports and celebrity, but also keep the fan made stuff :) I am here for info but also for the LOLS :)
0	I was at a WalMart (weird that I would find domestic violence at a fine establishment such as WalMart), and me and a few friends heard screaming in the back corner of the parking lot. All of my friends kept walking and said "I'm sure someone else has already called the cops". For those of you who don't know, this is called the "bystander effect". I decided to call because I did not want to standby or walk away from a screaming woman screaming "NO". We all ran back to the screams and a man shoved the screaming woman in the car when he saw us coming. I got the plate, and a description of the vehicle and the male. He proceeded to speed around the parking lot and by the time he reached the exit of WalMart, a cop lit him up. Who knows if he was going to go kill her? I don't. Always call the police. Or at least do something.   Edit:
1	Actually singed is still fine, but u cannot run like a jerk anymore because u will get punished more easier than before.   Rumble is strong pick. He can carry many games just because enemies doing baron or drake and u put it in the pit and just watch them burn when tanking it. His only weakness is weak early game and that he can be ganked easly.   Also, i recommend u to pick up jayce. He is pretty much safe pick since he got range poke, and he hits pretty hard with his poke when he got muramana and some armor pen like brutalizer and lw. The only problem with him is that he isnt any carry type of champ, though he scales well early and mid. Imo his stronger point is midgame when he can roam and get fast everywhere and chase with acceleration gate and poke.
0	It's been misappropriated, but originally [in England this is what it means](
1	I recently had a ranked game where afkers got really out of hand. I recently made it into Gold V. Which was my goal for the end of the season. I was ecstatic and wanted to see how much higher I could climb. Que up, get into champ select. I'm last pick and fill as adc. It's fine, but there's some talking going between a yasuo who originally said he preferred top but switched to mid when yasuo was open. Some guy lower pick than him had called mid and proceeded to throw a hissy fit when yasuo was picked and "mid" was said. Both proceed to go mid and I try to get one of them to go top. No one complies. I go top and hope things will be ok. Then at about the 3 minute mark Ahri leaves. Then Yasuo leaves. Then Soraka leaves. Then Wukong leaves. I'm alone. What am I supposed to do in this situation? The game is lost. I lose LP and time for nothing. I reported all of them but I know there is a very small chance that they will actually be punished and that infuriates me. I don't understand how I'm supposed to play and try to better myself when people refuse to communicate and try.
0	If you haven't watched it yet, rent Murderball (I see that Netflix has it): "Rugby-playing quadriplegics compete for the Paralympic gold medal in this documentary about an amazing sport -- and the strong-willed athletes who participate in full-contact rugby using specially designed wheelchairs."   It doesn't address your fears of not being attractive to girls, but I will say that my son's PE coach used a wheelchair and played wheelchair Rugby. He was a sexy beast!!   I'm not saying you'd have to be a wheelchair athlete to be sexy. But it is fun to see a guy just being himself and enjoying what he can do. The number one thing on my "husband list" was to find a guy that loved his job. That was the most important thing to me. And I found him. BTW, he does not play any sports at all and I still think he is a sexy beast!   The film does address briefly some of the sexual issues that come up with chair users. My brother, who is in a chair, also has enlightened me on some of these issues (Talk about laughing hysterically! Talking sex with my sex-addicted little brother...so eye-opening!). But depending on your age, you already have learned some of this.   Anyway, there's lots of great advice in this thread!
1	I think this is an interesting topic.  Whenever I have reviewed tribunal cases, I am always confused as to the extent that 'verbal abuse' and similar should be regarded. I also am unsure whether people review the cases in the same way as I do.   I check the exact reason that the person was reported for. If this happend to be 'intentional feeding' then I look at the stat and compare it to the rest of the time. If it is not obvious (1:2 or less ratio) then I review chat. More often then not, the person will literally right "Then I feed" etc. If the person writes this, along with spams of "lol see" etc. Then I will agree with the reporters that it was intentional feeding. They put themselves in that position. Although I believe others won't review in the same way, they will look at 4/7/3 and say "that isn't  intentional  feeding, just poor play.   Also I find it ambiguous as to what gets classed as 'verbal abuse'. I mean, obvious taboo slang is in there; but what about standard insults: "noob" "ur terrible" "wtf? u suck". Are these considered verbal abuse? If I look at it like my job, then I would say that any person found using such terms between peers in a manner not intended as light hearted is indeed abusing the person verbally. Should this standard be expected in a game? I'm torn. It's not an office, but it's also not a place I want to spend my time if it is allowed.   I think the result is that I think less about it and simple step away from the game for a while. :)
1	You are Gold 5 because you deserve to be there.  Every fuckin idiot who cries about being way better than what his league says deserves to be there.   The chances of getting the troll in your team are lower than in the enemy team. Duo queue to make this possibility even lower.   You are stuck in Gold 5: get better or stop crying. If you cant get gold 4 it just means you are not good enough.  End of discussion.
0	The 'you're an idiot" was completely unnecessary.   And being gay is nothing new, in fact many animals have shown to be gay as well. Are we going to go on a crusade against the gay animals now telling them its not natural?!   and my personal favourite:   So really, this "its not natural" bull is just another shit way to defend something you're afraid of.   My best friend just got married. He is very happy. Seeing him happy makes me happy. He just got married to a man. Nothing about that should change to make me/others feel "more comfortable". My opinion shouldn't matter in his happiness.
0	If you haven't, you need to address this with your gf asap and have her talk to her mom. It will only get worse otherwise.   I dated a girl for 5 years before we broke up due to distance. The entire time we dated her mom was always trying to set her up with other people. About 4 years in her mom actually tricked her into going on a blind date with her friends son. She told my gf that this guy was new in town and needed someone to show him around. Sure enough about five minutes into showing him around he mentions that "it was his first date in a while." Needless to say, both her and I had a long discussion with her mom after that.
1	I find drills to be unhelpful (except cs drills) because they are not in the context of actual battle.   I actually play dominion games to practice mechanics/warm up.   Before you downvote hear me out:   -Deaths are not punished with lvl/gold leads, cs doesn't matter because passive gold generation is so high   -Death respawn timer is short   -Constant 3v3,4v4,1v1 skirmishes that are critical to summoners rift but only comprise a small percent of actual gameplay.   -You pick your own champion unlike aram.   -Games take 10-15 min.   There are some downsides:   -If you care about winning, you have to capture towers.   -Game mode can be confusing at times   -Some champs are really strong on this map which can make it difficult to practice weaker champs.   -Doesn't help you learn to c,s but sivir and/or ashe bot on SR can help you learn to cs :D.
1	With a game like LoL, it is a fine line between playing for fun and playing to win, simply because they tend to be correlated. Obviously, a person is not going to be having fun if they lose 2+ times in a row, so what can a person do? They want to win, to feel good not only for themselves but because they contributed to their team for a greater goal. In doing so, they feel accomplished, and have "fun". However, to get to that point, one may have to give up enjoyment for practicality, for improvement and discipline, which detracts from the fun. Now, this retraction becomes exponential in each rising tier, as you will be among others who are also giving up fun for practicality. Those who play for fun are a stigma, a hazard in games such as this, and soon becomes apparent that they are making the negative atmosphere with their hopes of creating a positive one. Those wanting to have fun need to avoid those that are playing to win.
1	As a support/jungle main i don't have to worry about last hitting and getting tunnel vision doing that. I can basically AFK farm shit in the jungle while watching the mini map or zone out the enemy bottom lane to deny them.
1	I always wondered if people were telling the truth when they said stuff like this and for some reason I decided to check up on you. Turns out you were lying.   I went onto your account and you posted a lot of videos of you making plays on your youtube account and I found your IGN from your videos.   Then I took a look at a couple other videos by OP and found his IGN from a Jax game. And surprise surprise OP has a game with an Ez, Thresh and Lee (himself) with a Vayne and Amumu on the other team.   And big spoiler! Amumu didn't match your ign, not to mention you play on 2 different servers :o   I think I caught you red handed in a lie here mate,   I don't ever go around doing this kind of stuff but just decided to and I got a pretty good laugh out of it too :)   For any of you wanting proof, Here's proof.   /u/Le4kysausage [Lolking](   /u/Qbzify [Lolking](   [Amumus actual account](   You can Karma whore /u/Le4kySausage, just make sure you cover your tracks.
1	The mods have lately been removing many comments and have been getting some hate for it ( I admit to disliking the extreme comment removing myself a bit as I'm always curious what was posted)   But then I realized, why do we keep upvoting those things? When someone says something stupid/less informed, the post calling him a retard will often get more upvotes than the post calmly explaining the person why he's wrong. The post posting constructive feedback will get less upvotes than the post making a racist joke.   I think it's our job to just stop upvoting those things, and also report them. And this is not only in the case of racism. Keep in mind that calling people retarded or fat or nolifes in their mother basements or WHATEVER could hurt people's feelings shouldn't be posted here. Let us change this so we don't need to have these mod enforcings. Let's show them what content we want and do not want !
1	Go look at the rules first.   11. Can I be banned for not playing the meta?   Players are not banned by the Tribunal for not playing the meta; they are banned for consistently creating negative experiences for others. We have data suggesting that reviewers of Tribunal cases are very thoughtful and accurate in their verdicts, so if you were reported for not playing the meta but were being a positive player, you can expect to be judged fairly. In general, players should feel empowered to play what they want and to try new strategies; however, this does not give you a license to be disrespectful or rude to your fellow gamers.   Taken from the Tribunal FAQ.
1	You just have to learn to give the new roster time. I just hope that these losses don't bring unnecessary negativity to their team. They have the potential to be an amazing team and just needs to find their groove. Honestly I feel like Turtle has been very underwhelming this split as well as Dyrus and Bjergsen to a certain extent. They'll have chances to carry and they just seem really lost as to what they need to do with their early leads.
1	Gonna try and think up an item and it's cost:  120 AP  250 Health  15 MPen   AP value + Health Value + MPen Value:  2610 + 667.5 + 400 = 3777.5 rounded down to 3700 total price for cost effectiveness, subject to change   NLR and Guise costs:  1600 + 1485 = 3085   Total cost - Build Path cost 3700 - 3085 = 615 Build cost
1	If the enemy Laner has less than half health, from spears, they won't engage. Just because some people are stupid and don't buy wards doesn't mean that nidalee is a bad support.
1	I'll watch your stream for sure mate! I need to learn Mid lane. I like Zed and Fizz A LOT. I don't want to buy Azir, even if I like it, cuz I'd like to learn these other two champs. But I have a problem, I don't really know how to play early game with them. I mean if I'm vs Zed as Fizz he will kill me at level 3 or 4, no matter what. If I'm Zed vs Fizz I won't kill him pre-6, which isn't that bad but I mean I'm sure I could do better. How can I learn what to do? Because I could write my errors but I don't do which are my errors since I have grinded only playing Jungle. Soz for the confusing Post :c
1	i can respect that, but I will defend my feelings about it.   Compare his interviews with those of many other players in the LCS, just to go through TSM (my favorite team, but not my favorite interviewees):   Wildturtle's recent interview with Travis, wherein he talked about being a cat and gave nonsensical answers?   dyrus interviews where he just acts tired?   do these seem to be anything other than attention seeking?   Theoddone's style works well on his stream, i find him hilarious, but in an interview it just doesn't work for me.   Xpecial and Regi do well at responding and communicating their points, but they don't have the personalities for it if you ask me.   Looking at some other teams: I find Doublelift to be too cocky, he likes to trash talk through interviews and does so with any question that gives him the opportunity.   Scarra fits somewhat into the same category as Regi/Xpecial to me, but i will admit the jollyness does pretty well for him.
1	So at first I was all like "these changes are another nerf to sona who has never been OP and are unjustified." But then I realized the W change is awesome for synergy with the new support item. +25% AS for your whole team in team fights is pretty strong, but I feel like they are just further mana gating her, while also reducing her damage. The aura changes are also going to mean less assists :/. I can't even tell you how many assists I've gotten as sona for hitting a Q to give bonus AD/AP to a champ like cait/jinx/etc to boost their ability Damage to help secure a kill.   Her current q aura is actually really strong, +20 AD/AP is half a Baron buff for your whole team. It helps take down turrets/objectives and is stronger the liner a fight goes on.
1	Bot games for New Champions:  I don't play much ranked games, I'm level 30, but not great.  Very casual player, regular matches.  But I've been in some games lately where I'm doing well, but the team is struggling, specifically there's been one person who is just... clueless.  I don't think much of it at first because everyone has a bad game once in a while.  However, after the 5th time diving in at the wrong time, or just not even coming close to using the champion correctly, I toss them a "What are you doing...? You gotta play smarter..." to which they'll reply...   "Yeah... first time with this champion."   poker face   Are these people trolling me, or serious?  Then I have to respond "Are you serious! That's what bot games are for!?!" and then I get flamed for negative attitude.  Isn't it like a rule that you AT LEAST learn mechanics of a champ in a bot game before 'risking' having no clue in a regular match? Or am I being too serious?  I always do 5-10 bot games with new champ, and even then I'm nervous with a new champ.  Just very frustrating someone going 1-10 or w/e and then saying "First time with champ".  I understand bot games can be very boring, and pushovers, but at MINIMUM learn the moves / utility of the champ.
1	Not a couple per say, but me and a female friend duo all the time. Aram and bots are no problem.   But in SR it seems that i turn into this jerk, trying to explain and wording is never right, so i sound like i'm criticizing her every move, leading to awkward moments, even moments of making her not want to play anymore.   Honestly i don't know how to fix it, it's a problem with myself, since i duo with other female friend as well and i'm the same jerk, but she takes it way better.
1	its because of their shitty system, every MMR system is designed to find your 50% winrate zone, its a perfect system when everyone is at 50% winrate. Basically this means the more you win/higher winrate %, the higher the skill of your opponents in an attempt to find your cap out zone. Basically you keep playing enemies higher and higher until you stick around 50% winrate.   The problem with Riot's system is that players are too infrequently rewarded with multiple division promotions and your winrate already needs to be abnormally high to get into promotion series anyways. What this means is because of your winrate needed to go up one single division you often prove yourself among players several divisions/leagues higher. They should go back to an Elo system with some improvements. Adjusted Elo gains based on Elo of opponents would warrant more Elo gained. Therefore each time you beat someone with "plat 2 mmr" you would be more quickly accelerated to plat 2 area elo, then you would get matched against diamonds and then masters until your winrate falls and you get matched against plats again.   With this system you would quickly rise to your actual skill level and then take about 10-20 games to even out exactly where you should be since winning against someone higher will give you boosted numbers but losing to people above you would give you reduced losses.
0	While I cannot comment on accuracy of your guess, as my evidence is purely anecdotal, I disagree. I am pro-life, but I believe it is an individual's right to choose what they do with their own body.   My girlfriend and I became pregnant with our first child three months into dating and half-way through college: we conceived literally the first and only time we did not use protection. We had no income, no house/apartment, and were amassing student debt. At the time, I was living off of my savings from having worked two jobs prior, and had an older car that I had purchased in high-school; suffice it to say that my savings were not enough for us to live off of. The only thing that we had in our favor was that we had discussed, prior to having sex, that we would not consider abortion an option - although I did tell her that I would support her decision (in the event she had a last minute change of heart). Today, we've been happily married for two years; our daughter is turning three soon. We also have a son who will be turning one. He decided to join us to show that appropriate use of condoms (no rips) and the pill (Erinn?) could still be beaten with some luck. My wife wanted me to add that she thinks the pill was influenced by some medication she took around the time of conception (despite the doctor assuring us it wouldn't). Our families have been extremely supportive, and we're doing well.   Of the two other women I know who were pro-life and became pregnant:   K was in her freshman year of college when she became pregnant; she was in a worse financial situation than we were (and with a bastard of an ex-bf who curtly informed her he didn't want anything to do with K or the baby). Without any real support, she had an abortion (claims that it came out as a soupy mess while she was in the tub). As a Catholic, it really hit her hard. Two years later, she ended up getting pregnant by her now-husband; her prior experience resulted in them keeping the baby. They're doing well and have two children.   M is also Catholic and is currently pregnant; she's a recovering addict with mental health issues who has been plagued by abusive boyfriends. Realistically, she cannot care for her child in any way/shape/form, and it's likely that without the support of her current boyfriend, the child would be put in protective services/adopted out. She's had a couple of late-term miscarriages and is intent on cleaning up her act (and relationships) to be a good mother. She's currently in the hospital undergoing voluntary rehab to ween herself off of her prescription medication (for mental health issues); the boyfriend is a recovered addict who has been sober for over a decade (and is fiercely anti-drug). He isn't financially stable, but seems emotionally ready as he's a widower (prior wife/child died in labor). As my wife is her best friend, she's trying to keep her emotionally stable; we hope it works out for them.   As I said earlier, these three examples are purely anecdotal: I listed them only to demonstrate that it is possible to be pro-life in a hard situation. I'm positive that I know women who have had abortions but have kept it a personal matter. In the end, I fully understand how  aggravating it is to watch people force their views upon others - especially when it contradicts that person's freedoms.
0	I'm a Straight guy by the way. And I agree with you. But more steak is better. Hopefully my comment will get more steak to happen.   Sexual steak and non sexual steak
1	What I used to do as jungles is damage trade a little with the solo lanes while I have blu. This gives laminate advantage for my team. What u have to be able to do is timing again. You need to be able to clear your jungle and put little pressure out. I used to get double buff. Then go side lane for one or two q into one target. You also need to be able to communicate with you midlander to assist you if u need at red because some quicker junglers like to 2v1 stomp you at your red so they can destroy your paths. Getting ahead of the game and knowing where the enemy jungler is, is very important as a not WW IMO. Support of you team may also want to help you CVing where you ping.
0	THeres nothing wrong with accepting your spouse as is or what they will be, that said there is also nothing wrong wanting your spouse to keep healthy. Its about extremes its not good to be so ambivalent that your spuse can do whatever they see fit and you'd be ok with it I.e doing drugs, crime or even just becoming a blob., and its also not o.k to expect a person to run a 5k or extreme diet or somthing. Also everyone is dirent and maybe just maybe there ideal relationship can be different. Im not taking a side here but I do not see anything wrong with being annoyed with a spouse or significant other who just assumes they can just stop trying now that were together, it shows a lack of consideration and respect both for me and them. I also do not believe I can expect a person to change based on my whims, but that doesn't give me any obligation to remain with them if the change is so drastic that it changes what I inttaily became attracted to.
1	I just want there to be a good resource for information about the Chinese league. Leaguepedia doesn't seem to have much on it, people never know when there's a big tournament going on, I don't even know if they stream on Twitch or not.
1	Let's see here... Minimum of 3 promo matches into Silver 5, a generous 5 wins and 0 losses to go from 0LP to 100, 2 promo for Silver 4, a generous 5 wins and 0 losses to go from 0LP to 100, 2 promo for Silver 3... 17 game win streak would be the absolute minimal amount possible assuming +20lp per game.
1	Had the exact opposite happen to me.   Played a game with a friend of mine. Won the game in 25 minutes or so. Enemy midlaner was incredibly salty and went out of his way to cuss at and accuse me and my friend of "being sad because we are tryharding" in post game chat. I didnt know about it since I dont use all chat, but appearently he had been whining throughout the whole game as well. Queued up again and this guy was on my team. He went on and on about some stupid shit concerning tryharding that didnt even remotely make sense. Guy was just horribly salty about getting smashed the previous game. Him and me were blueside lastpick. I hovered over Ezreal and waited for him to pick. He waited till the last second, then locked in Varus. Cosequently he went for AP Varus mid. Intentionaly fed out of his mind just to make us lose.   I say the fairest thing would be to first and foremost get you into a game with people you didnt play with last game, regardless of whether you honored them, reported them or didnt do either of the two. If there is none readily available then it's fine obviously. It's the only way to get a truely fresh game in that is not linked to the previous one.   I also wanna mention that I had multiple instances of people harassing me in 2 or 3 sucessive games in a row, regardless of win/loss/invidual performance, trying their damn hardest to be as difficult of a person as humanly possible. I'm not talking about verbal stuff here. I'm talking about actual, ingame griefing.
1	Good idea OP, I know a lot of people that want a second account. But now a question, and please don't downvote, please just answer: Why do you want a smurf? To try and get higher in ranked? Cause this is not really necessary, as you are always in the rank you belong in (given you're not climbing). A name is easily changeable for money as well.
0	I was just stating that the evidence you used to prove the statement "Americans are farther ahead than Europeans in science and technology" was completely inadequate.   Except it wasn't. You're only convincing yourself that it was inadequate because you're trying to avoid acknowledging reality. YOUR evidence to claim that the two sources I used are inadquare was, in fact, inadequate and quite frankly, moronic.   The prowess of universities in science and the rank in the technology index are both legitimate ways of comparing the scientific and technological advancement between countries. The US is demonstrably the most scientifically and technologically advanced nation. Again, deal with it.   > I am very much in agony thinking that you spent a good hour typing that whole paragraph which not only argues against something that was never in question, but does so in a very personal, defensive, and unprofessional style manner.   Meanwhile, in your first post you said:   >
1	Here's why:   If I ping someone to get out of a certain spot  one time,  they will not listen, they will die, and that's that.   If I ping someone like 4 times. They have a choice to make. I have now made a  clear  statement that they are going to die if they stay/go to a certain spot. If they continue to go to that spot, and then die, everyone will know I was right and that person was wrong. They will in essence be shown to have made a clear, predictable mistake in front of their entire team.   Some  people are able to realize this and take a second thought before going to that dangerous place where they will likely die, because they know if they go and are wrong, they will be humiliated in a very light sense, in front of their team.
0	Stay home and make your own food you cheap fucking fuck. _signed- the entire service industry.
0	Good on you, mate. Nothing in the world is worth wasting a moment with someone who is abusive.   Use to be in a nasty one for years myself, whole trifecta of emotional, mental, and physical abuse constantly. When she started cheating on me I just stopped caring but when it began to effect my school work I kicked the bitch out of my place. Fucking weird-o kept calling me trying to be on friendly terms... even trying to get my number from mutual friends (lot of people stopped talking to her after she bugged them for coke money).
1	I really think Blizzard got it right, and this harps on what OP was referring to, the players should be able to think on their own and be able to find ways around whatever is considered over powered. I don't think we can completely blame Riot for their nerfing habits because I have yet to play a game at my elo, where someone doesn't comment on at least one of the 10 champions being OP. I'm a believer that unless every single strategy has been implemented and something is still giving players problems then a nerf should be considered. OP mentioned blue flame hellions, which is a great example, but many people forget about the the nerf that Blizzard made to Marines (55 HP decreased to 45 HP), but in WoL, you still see the Marine as a vital component of the Terran army.
0	Two stories for this one:   When I was six I beat up a kid by the monkey bars. Years later, I got a phone call from that kid, now an adult, he asked me if I was the girl who beat him up in first grade and I had to think about it. When he said his name it flooded back. I apologized because I was 6 and wtf else can I say?  He said he was calling because he was going to alcoholics anonymous and was forgiving me for doing him wrong all those years ago.  I talked with him for a bit and found out that apparently being beat up by a girl at 6 was the incident that lead him to hating himself and began drinking at 12 years old.   Second story: my high school chemistry partner was kinda a dick to me. He was semi popular and I was not. But he was mean in the ignoring sense, never directly angry or violent.  10 years later, planning the 10th year reunion, I find out he is now a pastor.  Amazing guy and super nice :)
1	I went to a convention in highschool and there was a dance the last night. My mates and I all went. After an hour or so I got hungry. I knew they had gummi bears in bulk at the snack bar in the lobby. "Gummi bears is a brilliant idea I thought." So I bought a bag, ate some and put them in my pocket. Went back to dancing with some cute girl I had been flirting with all day. She mistook the gummi bears for an erection, got freaked out and walked the fuck away. I found out the next day.
0	You could say the same about just about any other subreddit.  If you don't like cute stuff that's fine, but it isn't anymore inane than most others.  And, as you brought up reposts in others (Don't bother me, but I could see why they would others), r/aww has virtually none.
1	The thing about true balance is that it takes a very long time. If you keep nerfing whatever seems "too good" at the moment you will continue the cycle of things being "too strong" all the time. If you, however, just stop nerfing everything and let everything pan out for a few months, people will find counters and ways to defeat the "OP" champions and tactics, and if months pass and nothing is working, a slight nerf ought to be implemented, followed by a few months of waiting. If the champ is still too strong, nerf it slightly one more time. This would however decrease players' satisfaction with the game (people screaming that something is OP and Riot wont nerf it) and that is probably why Riot wont do it and alas why Lol will never have true balance.
0	Thanksgiving day isn't the biggest shopping day of the year, Black Friday is. I'm stuck working on my last Thanksgiving in the states for a long time, while for some ungodly reason I'm off tomorrow.The majority of businesses are closed on Thanksgiving. It's true that some people would prefer to work, but businesses never come to the employees and say "Look, the store needs to be open on Turkey day, who can volunteer?" instead of just picking who works at random. I can honestly say I'd prefer working Black Friday, because I have no money to spend on gifts and everybody I could hang out with is going shopping.
1	As a q, why not get an Wriggles instead of 3 db's, i find that you get a lot more sustain, a nice free ward, way more life steal and i find it just more usefull and just works better. Im saying this because when i was learning tristana 3 db just wasn't working, your slots fill fast so no extra pots or wards for you. You stay with heaps of money because you cant fill up your slots with items. and with wriggle you can even hop into the jungle and with BF swords + wriggles so can even solo dragon. Just my 2 cents any thoughts?
0	Life is too short to spend it working 9-5 every weekday for the rest of your active life. Why work hard to spend all your money on a boring retirement home in Florida, which you might not even live to see.
1	I think they have a struck a fantastic balance.   PD is a superior item, but the build path is more expensive and it doesn't offer the waveclear of SS.   If you're behind with a zeal, it's often worth it to snag the SS for the earlier powerspike rather than snag a cloak of agility and keep saving for your PD.   Let's say you're a Vayne on a low waveclear team. The early game hasn't gone well for you, and now you are being seiged under your tower. Shiv is the perfect item for this.   Plus shiv builds out of Avarice blade, an item more and more players are snagging early for the passive extra gold and then finishing into a Ghostblade or SS later in the game.
1	For clarification HTC m7 is the HTC one. The first HTC one that came out is called the m7. I'm currently using the HTC one m8. And the HTC one m9 is coming out soon if not already available.
0	I thought it was so you can sit around a table for hours trying to navigate 3 rooms because one of your teammates waits until her turn to go through her 82 spell long spell list to figure out what she will do this turn. Then screaming at each other because someone did something idiotic like try to steal the +5 ShinyPayAttentionToMe ring off of the prince's finger during a parade surrounded by guards. Then after several weeks of clusterfuckery, ending the campaign in a semi-awesome/semi-disappointing manner that leaves you bitter. Then several months later you look back on how awesome it all was.
0	See we have a fundamental difference of opinion here, and I'm willing to let it lie at that. I don't think it's acceptable for a person to change their entire body beause their head isn't right. I think it's pretty obviously a mental issue.   > You have no right to determine which course of action for me is 'reasonable'   You're right, I don't. But taking the rather drastic step of  changing your entire fucking gender and lopping of your genitals  is inherently unreasonable. "Well ma, looks like I have a splinter in my finger.""That's okay honey, we'll just cut off your entire hand, you won't have to worry about that splinter anymore." Does it solve the problem? Yes. Is it reasonable? Of course not.   > This is a drastically inefficient method.   So are lots of treatments for mental issues. Do you think we have efficient treatments for schizophrenia, or addiction, or PTSD, or bi-polar disorder, or OCD, or a thousand other things? We really don't. Some of those issues have more effective treatments, some don't. But on the whole, our understanding of a lot of mental issues isn't very good, and our treatments aren't very effective. And here's the point of all that:  just because the treatments aren't effective, doesn't mean it isn't a mental disorder.  The equivalent if what you're saying is a schizophrenic saying, "well the treatments for Schizophrenia aren't very good, so everyone should just accept me this way and allow me to be out in society doing my schizophrenic thing with no help or drugs or anything, and society just has to roll with it."   So basically, you can't say it isn't a mental issue just because you don't find the treatment to be effective. And just going with your mental issue and expecting everyone to be okay with that should not be an acceptable option.   As to your last point, equating sexual orientation with being confused about your gender is a stretch to make. To be quite honest I don't think the T belongs in there with the LGB. They are entirely different things. I mean you can't equate "I like to have sex with my own gender." with "I wish to remove my genitals and replace them with a facsimile of the opposite while being injected with loads of hormones that do not occur in my body at nearly those levels nautically, if at all, and then I will undergo several surgeries in order to make it look legit." Those two statements aren't even in the same ballpark. Hell, they aren't even playing the same sport.   So, yes. I support gay rights. Dudes wanna bang dudes? Fine by me. Girls wanna bang girls? Do it up. You like both? Good for you, you just doubled your dating pool! But don't try and equate sexual orientation with Transgenderism, because I just don't see it. And again, just because the mental health treatments we have for that at present aren't as effective as you would like, doesn't make it intrinsically okay, or socially acceptable, for people to take the drastic action of gender reassignment surgery and all that. Just like its not okay for people with acute Schizophrenia to go off their meds and go crazy and make a scene in public.   As I alluded in an earlier post, your worldview of "it's my body, I can do what I want with it." is all well and good... As long as you're not trying to function as a member of a society. And our society mostly agrees with what I have said. You have to realize that just because you choose to do seething very drastic to your body, that doesn't mean that everyone has to accept it and love you and think you're a great person. Hell to be quite honest, we don't even have to tolerate it! And mist societies don't! Hell dude be lucky you don't live in say, more than half the countries in the world. And now it's not enough that we tolerate you here, we have to accept your drastic non-solution to your serious mental health problem? That's absurd, and I will do no such thing
0	You know there's tons of little weird things like this we do, but sometimes you should just say fuck it and see what happens.   One of these days you'll get a funny story about the pizza guy's reaction and it won't matter cause he's not your dream girl that you just ruined your chances with. He's the fuckin bored pizza delivery guy just counting down the hours till the end of his shift.
1	My advice depends on how your ADC likes to play. Personally, as ADC, I like to farm it out because I know I can out farm and zone the other ADC. So I prefer a passive support to sustain me and to protect me. If you think your ADC might need a little help farming, it certainly helps to have a support that creates good harass. It takes the pressure off and gets some free farm, maybe even force a recall. But in my opinion, the best thing you can do as support is make your presence known. As blitz or leona, just you sitting in the bush, with the ability to create hard cc whenever you want is very scary for me as an ADC. If my support or jungler is not close, I will almost never approach bot bushes if they have a support with a lot of cc (blitz, taric, leona, sona ult, now thresh hook). So just letting them know you are there and paying attention is my biggest piece of advice. The other thing I recommend is learning how to peel your opponent off. If they start to get on your ADC, run to your teammate, and run circles around him. This makes it harder to auto attack the right target for the other ADC. I have played with supports in ranked that go straight for hard cc to protect me, but if they miss, or the other ADC flash to me, its over. Staying close is more important and increases your likelihood of keeping your guy in lane.
1	How does your post address your topic title?   Not wanting to play in a negative atmosphere is a completely legitimate reason not to partake in anything especially when you really only have control of yourself.   INB4 confronting problems instead of shying away from them. Works IRL sometimes but when there's a degree of anonymity, it's much harder to get someone to change their negative behaviour in 30-45 minutes.   P.S. TBH I read up to your third paragraph and then the
0	I have a copy of The Nutcracker. I've had it for 13 years and have loved it since I was 6. I would always have my mom put it in the cassette player when it was time for me to go to bed. I'd fall asleep every night with that playing. Over the years, I started to fall asleep further and further along into the recording. There were even the occasional nights that I succeeded in staying awake until the end of the SIDE 1 and was able to tip-toe to the cassette player and EJECT and flip to SIDE 2. Those were the best nights. On the nights I was upset and restless, I would get to hear both sides to my content. But as the years took their toll on my beautiful Nutcracker cassette tape, it began to play quicker the further along you got into each SIDE,  thus, a copy of the nutcracker suite which plays at an increasing tempo.  After a certain point, I retired it to the shelf in its protective case so it wouldn't deteriorate further. Every once in a while though, I still pull it down and play it as I'm falling asleep...
1	Hey guys,   I am CBNemesis, I am from  The Netherlands  and I am a designer & plat 3 League player.   My Twitch channel is:   Since my channel is mainly about desiging wallpapers for you, I'll show you my  album:   I like to design wallpapers for free for people. Since its live you also can correct some stuff you dont like (as example, you want a different front.) Thats what it makes fun for me to do, I can be interactive with my viewers/users of my wallpapers. I also try to help people with questions about the program I use (photoshop cs6). And of course when you have tips ofr me feel free to share them. I still do it in my spare time for about 3 months now. I dont do an education or something for it.   But sometimes I do stream games aswell. I play with my viewers or friends (depends on viewer count). Since I am from The Netherlands I'll usually talk dutch unless someone asks me to talk in English. (Usually I only have dutch viewers so far). But I am willing to talk in English!   I do not have a schedule, for streaming yet, due to school & work. But I'll look to make one in the future.  Most likely I will be streaming in the evening/night . GMT +1   Hope to see you soon on my channel and have a nice day!   ~NemesisCB
1	IMHO   S1 and S2 with ELO system was "If you're good enough to climb, you  CAN  climb"   S3 with league system was "If you're matched with people good enough to climb, you  WILL  climb"   S4 "If you're matched with people good enough to climb, you  CAN  climb"   The league system was bullshit when introduced it was relatively easy to climb sinc you couldn't drop below than division V   When they changed that it became worse because now you can't play in ranked with your higher ranked friend but you can be matched against them   What we have now was made by some guys who thought it would look more "professional" while in the outside it looks like somthing, in the inside it's complete garbage   If Riot want a "League" system then they should make a "League" system: If I'm bronze, I should be matched with  AND  against bronzes. If I'm plat, i should be matched with  AND  against plats. Right now if you're bronze with plat mmr you're matched with and/or against plat ruining the whole experience of climbing   I mean does a guy level 10 who never loses a match in normal games should be matched against some level 30? Does a 8 years old boy should go in the same classe than 13 years old boys while he has not passed any exams?
0	Polio is highly infectious, but only displays symptoms in, like, 2% of all cases [EDIT: 24%]. And of that two [EDIT: 24%] percent, 1% or so become paralyzed, and an even smaller subset actually die. Based on this, you may think it's not important to get vaccinated, but I'll tell you why that's not the case...   Polio is still endemic to a few countries (i.e. Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Nigeria), and has probably been reintroduced into Syria: it's still important to get vaccinated against it. Because of the fact that so few people show symptoms of infection, if it were reintroduced into the U.S., it is possible that it could spread to hundreds of people before anyone started to show any signs of infection. Exacerbating this point is the fact that the virus is shed through human excrement, so it's really easy to pass from person to person through food and water (especially in the summer time, when people are swimming), meaning that all those hundreds of people who became infected and didn't show any symptoms would be unintentionally exposing hundreds of more people to the virus, and you'd have an epidemic.   The most important obstacle that the virus would have to surmount to create this epidemic, would be something called herd immunity. The basic principle is that if enough people are immune (in this case, through vaccination), the pathogen (polio virus) wouldn't be able to spread through a population very well, simply because it wouldn't have enough susceptible hosts to infect, and would then run its natural course and die out. (This is actually how the polio eradication efforts worked in non-industrialized nations in the '80s: they would get census data and figure out who was infected, then vaccinate all the people who were in their immediate area and at risk. We didn't actually vaccinate the whole world.)   Hopefully the right people see this and spread the word to people who don't really understand how vaccines work from a public health perspective!   Also, to the comments below me, you're right: there is a TB vaccine, it just doesn't work very well. I think there was a new drug released last year to combat TB. The problem with TB is that it is ALSO extremely infectious, however there isn't that herd immunity going on. Lots of people, probably about 1/3 of the world, are actually infected with the TB bacterium RIGHT NOW. However, it's an opportunistic pathogen, meaning it doesn't really cause disease in most healthy people, or if it does, it could take years, maybe decades, for it to do so (one reason is that it takes so long to grow. Up to three weeks for a colony to grow on agar in a lab.) There also isn't a spectacular way to screen for TB. The method most widely used is a century old, and can't differentiate between an active infection, a non-active, or a previous one.
1	was scrolling through customs games, and stumbled upon a plat vs silver game. proceeded to play my main role(adc). completely trashed my lane opponents, going up 3 kills by lvl 6. then the enemy support decided to just come to lane and afk in it on purpose. so i just kept killing him. was told not to be a " bm tryhard" in chat. so i proceeded to afk farm, and actively not trying to kill my lane opponents. that is until the enemy zed decided to 1v1 over and over again, and of course he got wrecked. both teams eventually scaled into late game, and the plat team won 1 team fight and ended the game.
0	A few reasons for people to do this.   1) You or someone else is driving less than the speed of traffic.   2) You aren't aware that people around you want to get over to   a) get around you or   b) get around the car beside you   I'm a scum bag steve most days of the week because there is a section highway on my commute that is speed trap.  Most of the "safe drivers" go 40mph when the speed limit is 45. However, you can safely goes 55 on the road without worry about cops.  What I have to do is cut through traffic, eating up these "safe distances" because if I don't, I know that if I don't go 55 from one light to another, I'll hit five red lights and waste 15 minutes siting at red lights.   I also drive a big truck and tow heavy loads (8k truck + 12k trailer) and I know how hard is it to keep a safe distance.  I also drive a minivan on the weekend where I try to be a smooth as possible.   The trick is being aware of the cars around you so they don't have to eat your safe distance.  Again, you should always be aware of the situation around you when driving.  Not just in front of you, but beside you and behind you at  all times .  You should be so aware that if someone asked you, you can tell them, without looking, where everyone is at and what they are doing.  You should be so situational aware that you're able to do an emergency lane change without even looking.
1	By demanding "1080p", what you really mean is increasing the bitrate, not resolution. Imagine an 8K video at 100 kbps and a 720p video at 10,000 kbps. Do you really want the "8K" over 720p? It shows that resolution alone means nothing. Same thing goes for 60fps. If you maintained the bandwidth, you'd half the quality of a 30fps video when you double it to 60fps. Enjoy that smooth video of pixelation. So it's bandwidth that you want.   So you're talking about a 8x increase in bandwidth (when scaling up bitrate), which is huge for the likes of Twitch. 1080p has 4x the area of 720p so that's 4x the bitrate, and 30fps to 60fps doubles the bandwidth to 8x. That's equivalent of providing a stream to 8 million people instead of 1 million.   You have to scale up bitrate (the video detail after compression) and not only the resolution because a simple upscale from 720p to 1080p without increasing the bitrate won't give any improvements (it's what your PC already does when you view 720p fullscreen on a 1080p monitor). You could also increase the bitrate 4x on a 720p stream and it will be upscaled it to 1080p with much more detail.
0	This made me actually laugh. I just got my second job in food service working at a restaurant in a very upper-class city in my state. I work up front as a server, runner, busser, what have you. And I've gotten close with many of the back staff. So we close at 9:30 Sun-Thursday. This particular instance happened 2 days ago on a Wednesday which also happened to be the last day of my school districts year. The time? 9:29. I am literally putting the key in the door when a family of 10 walks in. "Ma'am? Are you still open?" A man asks. "Uh. Yeah." I respond, before pulling a U-turn to tell the back that orders are coming in. Not only did this family proceed to stay until 10:45 (we are not allowed to tell our guests to leave even after closing). They forced me to brew more tea, meaning I had to reclean all my tea urns (bonus if you guess where I work). I was unable to perform any closing duties because our company requires us to remain "open" in the front as long as a guest is present. Another family came in at 9:35. They stayed until 11. Then they all loitered together outside my restaurant until I finally got to leave at 11:30-12:00.
0	Is it better to be on a battlefield at 20 and in a weelchair at 25 ? (or in a grave).
1	The wall already has counterplay.....   You can move around it.   You can play around it. (wall has like 27-29cd)   The only problem that i see with the wall is that it stands there for 5sec.   And if you put him in his old form he will be op again in lane and ppl will complain more about him.   With the E and W passive you are almost immortal in lane if played right.   Right now Yasuo is in my opinion in a okay spot not to strong and not to weak if you don´t play like total trash.
0	Things deviate... it's cool.  The 1st episode is like a shot by shot comparison to the 1st issue or so.  After it starts to separate.  You'll see how some plots are similar but slightly tweeked.  Once I got ahead of where the tv series was, I found it cool to see things I thought was coming up.... although.  You do NOT have to worry about the Comic book spoiling the series.  Sure, I may have a feeling about things & I sure there are things I am certain are coming.  But how they will come about are anyone's game.   For ex (and I won't spoil anything, since I don't know how far you are in the series) I was current with the Comics & would see TWD show, sometimes I would catch things in promos or how the story was unfolding.  Perhaps a foretelling of a character, or an upcoming plot.  Everyone at our viewing party would be guessing, half of our group reads the comic & half do not, so when the latter would leave the comic group would be bringing up things they saw & predicting outcomes.   Of which, when the time came about, were always slightly altered.  We were never right or right about it partially.  Either way, the viewing of the series never felt taken away by reading the comics.  Our group has discussed it & all agree.  And as a side note, the comics were there first & should be appreciated first as you wouldn't have this great series without it.   But that said, IMO, reading the series... does not take away from the tv series.  After all, we all chat about the show & make our guesses about what is going to happen next.  Sometimes we're right, sometimes we're wrong.  And I honestly feel like even having been reading the comics all this time... I'm simply doing the same guessing game as everyone else.  The writer's do an excellent job of twisting things & throwing completely new things in.   Give it a try...   bold
0	I wish I was kidding. My boyfriend and, I from the outside, seem like a very unlikely couple for this to happen to, but after a night of binge drinking we got into a physical fight. I have a bruise on my face.   I still have to go to work and see neighbors, so I've been giving people the ol' "
0	Okay, the one Lowbacca linked is doing it right.  This lady is dancing through a field of flowers, clearly not giving a fuck about anything. She's free and happy and whatever. Also, there's a visual aspect to it -- there is nothing around her that could be a cause of concern anyway.  So, "Look at all the fucks I give" was the phrase slapped onto it.   That evolved into "Look at all the X" where X is a thing that is not present.  If you were totally broke, you could say "Look at all the money I have"   Somehow, people took X to mean a thing that  is  present.  With that previous example, they'd use it to mean that they just inherited a million dollars from their dead uncle or some shit.   As such, the most common response to seeing that macro is to post another one, "Look at all the people using this meme correctly." It's funny, because the people who think it means  the original definition use it to criticize. But those who think it means the corrupted definition think it's some positive statement of comradery.
0	Dunno if you will see this or not but ill give you my advice from someone who has done almost the exact same thing.   My Story  6 Months out well better start running slowly running more and more get to about 1.5 months out and have to take a trip that lasted a week didnt run at all on that trip. Got back with about a month left decided not to run for a week because I had so much fun on my trip. 3 weeks away man I just dont feel like it. 2 weeks away well too late to do anything now. I think the most I got up to was like 15 miles. 6 weeks prior... Even better part I decided to go out with a bunch of friends that were running as well and have a couple drinks... 4 Long Island Ice Teas later im drunk and am like 'oh shit I have to run tomorrow" SO I wake up the next day and yeah you guessed it running with a hangover. First couple miles were okay lots of people excited made it pretty easy. Wasnt really drinking because man ill drink when im thirsty and the poweraid shit they had was terrible. Got to about like 8 or 9 and already have a blister starting. This is where is starts getting hard. At mile 10 there was the turn off for the 1/2 marathon and I wanted to go that was so bad but fuck it I paid money for this race im finishing it. Mile 12 Not having water and power aid caught up to me and im only really walking at this point. Living off aid station to aid station getting poweraid and water. Mile 13 and 14 I wanted to die. Tried to do 1 min running 2 min walking and was killing myself with it. Luckily for me I was running with my Father at the time and he brought power gels, salt tablets, asprin, all the stuff you might need. We walk till about mile 17-18 when I was feeling better and got some salt back in my system along with the water. Running for about 5 min at a time not walking for a min or 2. Did that till mile 20 or so and the crowds start picking up again looking at the timers on the course I'm at like 5 hours at 21 miles and hell if im not going to be under 6 hours. I start running more and more cheering on other people that are walking trying to have as much fun as I can in this shitty situation that I got myself into. I got to mile 25 around 5:45 and ran then entire last stretch. Im proud of myself for running a 10 minute mile there finished and got to the best damn part. The food at the end oh my god literally the best food I have ever had. It could have been terrible at this point anything tasted amazing. Had a couple recovery drink oranges, bananas, cookies, beer, and some flatbread pizza they were giving out. Get my finishes medal and straight to a burger joint. Literally all I could think about was a burger and how bad I wanted one on this run.   Anyways aside from my story here are my tips:     Find a friend to run with.  Seriously find someone who is running around the same pace and make a new friend help them and help you. Hell even running running past people and encouraging them will go a long long way.     Walk the Hills  Its not worth it it just tires you out and you are trying to finish it not run a good time.     Band-aids on your nipples  Shits to fun to the those bleeding.     Dont give up  There are going to be times where you want to stop. Just keep putting 1 foot in front of the other you can do it.     Think about the ending  You are going to want something at the end when you are running. Just keep fantasizing about it at the end of the run. The running makes it 1000 times better.
1	No.   Firstly, this would give the reported player an idea of who filed the report, which can lead to further harassment of the guy who reported him.   Further on, the current honor system is a method of positive reinforcement where you get rewarded for a good attitude. I believe everybody can acknowledge such a method is beneficial to altering the attitude of the community in a positive way. A model like the one you are suggesting will not contribute to anything positive in any way to the community as a whole. It will counteract our current honor model. It may even lead to even worse behavior because of the frustration of being reported.   I think riot would agree with me on both points, and that is why we will never, and should never, see this idea implemented in league of legends.
1	As soon as someone says something remotely negative I just mute them. I can not be bothered typing to someone who is already angry, if it is my fault or not. But sitting there having a massive argument does nothing but waste my time and his. I have played a few games this season where an early gank did not work or something back fired and this barrage of abuse just comes out of no where. My win ratio has gone up a lot just by simply putting those people on ignore and keeping a positive attitude in the game, instead of getting caught in a pathetic argument over something I don't care about, with someone I don't care about or something that really doesn't matter at all. It would be amazing if I could make it a whole game with out putting someone on ignore, I think since the start of the season I have played between 24-30 games and I have only had one where I didn't have to ignore someone.
1	2 of my friends bought good champions and because after a day or 2,they still couldnt figure out how to play them they just refunded the champ. Personally,i wanna own every champ,learn them all and be versatile.I have had annie for over a year now but i only played 2 games with her.But i never regretted getting her and i sure as hell wont be letting her go. Usually its about buying who you like,but sometimes when i had IP that i had nothing to do with,i would just buy the 1350 champs from the start. Or the 450 champs. And before you know it,you have close to half the champions in the game
1	You are right and I do exactly the same but it shouldn't be the goal for the game. And I know there was a better time in season 2 were you could actually "coach/mentor" people and they would say like "oh thanks I didn't know that, gonna try that now" instead of "fck off I will feed even more if you don't shut up fat prick" when I told someone like ward top at 2:55 since 18/20 top lanes die from the simplest minute 3 gank when a jungler finishes his double buffs.   Even though I can't understand you don't know that thing after 2-3 thousand game I tell them as 90% of my top laners die to that (I am low diamond btw, high plat was even worse).  Sure I understand that people don't like getting told what to do but if you are in one of the highest ranks in the game and don't know the most basic things you kinda have to listen instead of rage. Sure its a bad system if you get matched with someone, imo no one should be that high with that kind of an attitude and not even basic game knowledge but its not there fault that they can get that high in this system so therefor I can't be mad at them making my game experience worse.   And someone "control their teammates" sounds kinda bad although it isn't. I get your idea but I can't understand that people immediately feel offended when you teach them some basic stuff they still don't know. I would understand that they feel embarrassed. Like it is not fun for me either to tell someone that high that kind of basic stuff, sure he should be embarrassed. But back when I learned the game and then "helped" others I felt thankful and said "thanks" if someone told me something I didn't know (if he says it in a kind way of cause).   It's true, ignoring everyone that says something mean and playing your 1v5 while all trolls shout at each other and starting to feed can be a solution to not break something in your room but it shouldn't be. I don't want this to be my goal to how to be abel to play the game. It is a shame i even have to think about how to make my game experience not worse. A game or a company in general should focus on making something "better" instead of "less worse". They are going in a completely wrong way as they are scared to do some serious stuff about those people. I know those people bring a lot of money but if they trade that for a worse game experience I am out.  Like why not giving chat restricted people some option like in hearthstone just with basic frames. Cause some chat restricted people still use those few chances of flaming instead of communicate with the team.
0	Just broke up with my girlfriend of nearly a year because she was mentally, verbally, and finally physically abusive.  My friends have been telling me to end it for over 6 months but I just thought I could fix her.  I ended up paying over $2,000 worth of bills and giving her every spare minute of my time because I was downright afraid of making her angry.
0	I disagree. One of my jobs was at a burrito place, very quick in and out, all made/wrapped in front (think subway) so no cooks just line. it wasnt strictly to-go but the people that came in five minutes to close would get their stuff to go because of common courtesy and that's perfectly cool.   But the big difference in every other restaurant I've worked, is that the foods not already prepared. I've never seen an hours sign that said serving hours, it's open to close. I'm a cook, cleaning the kitchen takes upwards of an hour   so for perspective, we close at 9:00 and you come in at 8:55 the hostess seats you. waitress shows up gets your drinks. gives you a bit and gets your order. i make your food. i still can't close down because you may want dessert or a meal to go. if you don't it's now probably 40 or so minutes past closing time, if you do add another fifteen. now we stay an extra hour before we leave. and if enough people do this in a week i get a shift or so cut for going into overtime.
0	Xpost comment from a previous thread)   There was actually a very distinct reason for this (especially in NA). Back in the 90's and even early 2000s there was virtually a polar shift in the way society (parents especially) saw potential careers and futures for the young. With the advent of the internet and digital technology industry exploding, the future was seen in careers with degrees.   Rewind back to our parents generation and things were the other way around. Back in elementary and high school I can remember many of my peers parents being involved in some kind of trade (that was what men did), HVAC, plumbers, mechanics, construction, millwrights, millworkers, longshoremen, etc. You could get a good job without even having a HS diploma. The amount of older generation I meet who know how to weld (just as a hobby/ side skill) compared to now is astonishing. A trade was a fairly well paying stable way to eke a living, but it was never considered easy work.   On the other hand many parents wanted a better life for their children, not work as hard physically, or as long (even schools pushed for it). With the advent of the technological boom the growing demand for educated individuals with degrees increased dramatically. This offered parents "an out" for their kids, and as such a large percentage pushed them into going to universities for a degree, ANY degree (back in their day companies paid out the ass for Uni graduates with a wholly unrelated study because they were so short handed). And for a time, it worked. The next generation was getting decent paying comfortable white collar office/lab jobs. But, the pushing never stopped. Companies now had the ability to begin selecting overqualified individuals for low paying mundane positions. This is the reason you hear about people with degrees working at Starbucks.   This over embellishment on having a degree has also left a huge gap in the job market: dying skilled trades. The huge problem stems from reaching the point where the old generation was beginning to retire with lack of new workers flowing into the industries. Trades have since become desperate, scrambling for hands to fill positions; they pay high starting wages (I know people getting paid more just starting than most grads do with experience), covering apprenticeship and tuition cost, taking people with little to no experience in the field of study (sound familiar?). It had gotten so bad (and getting worse) Federal governments were posting flyers/ads and commercials urging people to learn skills, even offering grants and incentives (they still do).   This is what happens when an industry/technology booms to fast, and there is lack of a sense of balance. Even with the best of intentions it can create a lot of problems very quickly
1	It would lower the male player's morale, females are intimidating creatures. Now, a full female team, that would win tournaments because the other team would have sweaty palms and be forced into taking glancing looks at the girls across from them.
1	I have been watching quite a bit of the Korean scene and the NA scene. Realistically A teams in NA have a good chance, probably even favourable odds, against B teams in Korea; however, the A teams in Korea are on a completely different level. Every A team player in Korea makes incredible plays on an everyday basis that would be considered unbelieveable in NA (Every Korean pro Lee Sin can do Insec Kicks and every Korean pro TF can do Misaya initiates to perfection). Champions like Lee Sin and TF are permabanned in Korea, which is why we almost never see it happen.   Given that NA accounts for the different level in mechanics Korea displays, I would argue that NA has the best chance to beat Korean teams right now. Korea is displaying a meta shift towards NA season 2 meta and the 'objective-tower push' meta is dieing down while it's still thriving in NA.   NA also has to worry about China, which is currently playing a little differently from both NA and Korea. WE and OMG are both looking very strong playing the 'freight train' meta that China enjoys.
1	My fellow shaco player.... Why do you attempt to help the enemy?
0	Dude(ette?), I know that feel. I peed my pants when I laughed to hard up until 10th grade. TENTH FUCKING GRADE. Shit was horrible. It's hilarious now but it was traumatizing then. I was a little goodie two shoes so I didn't like lying but I also didn't want to admit that I pissed my pants. I discovered that if I went to the water fountain and kept drinking, eventually my stomach would hurt and I could go to the office and ask to go home by holding my stomach (I've heard all the "oh that's probably why" jokes so shut it!). They probably thought I had some weird stomach issue. My parents always knew and were totally cool with picking me up when it happened.   My other strategy was to wear reallllllly huge shirts, way too big for me, all the time, because I could pull them down far enough to cover my pissed pants for temporary relief of embarrassment. I once pissed my pants at a karate lock in so I couldn't leave so my parents brought me extra clothes. God, when I remember this shit I realize how horrible it was at the time.
1	Always jungling with one champion isn't the best idea. Having a big repertoire of junglers you can play lets you pick one that fits into your team comp/counters the opposing team comp nicely.   For example, Shy is a good pick when you have lanes with good CC. Say Ryze mid, Vayne + Ali bot and WW top (a bit of an overkill but you get the idea). Or the opposition has a jungler that is slow or easily counterjungled, say Amumu, Alistar, WW, Hecarim, Jarv, Fiddles, Shen... Even if you always run exhaust you'll have more success with a team full of CC than the opposite and she'll always be better against slower junglers as opposed to quicker ones (where it generally just becomes a race of who can clear more, get away with it and ganks right lanes).   Another example is Nocturne, who shines the most in a team that already has a tanky bruiser so he doesn't have to necessarily build full tank. On the other hand he sort of counters the enemy teleport ultimates (Shen, TF, Panth). Sort of because the nerfed range is really small these days.   You should never pick a support jungler in a team comp of low damage or non-bursty champions. You can't really pick Mao if you have a Malphite top and say a Vlad mid, as it's not optimal and you might fail badly. On the other hand he's amazing with bursty champs and against AoE team comps.
1	I usually start the lae with either  Crystalline Flask  or  Cloth Armor . I try to rush  Fiendish Codex  into  Nashor's Tooth . The next item is  Zhonya's  followed up by another  Fiendish Codex  and a  Giant's belt . I turn the codex into either  Morellonomicon  or  Deathfire Grasp  for the CDR and situationally the passive from Morellos. The reason I don't get an early  Kage's Lucky Pick  for a Morellos is because I never play passive. I either fight a lot in lane or roam around to pick up some kills for my team by ganking/counterganking our lanes. From here, I finish the build situationally, pick up a  Randuin's Omen  for  Duelling (most duelists benefit from kiting or attackspeed) or a  Rylai's Crystal Scepter  if I think my team lacks  CC . The 6th item is almost always  Rabadon's Deathcap  or  Abyssal Scepter  if they are a heavy magic damage team.
1	OK I have done the math.   15,3 % of champions are ADCs   20,9 % of the skins belong to the ADCs   And of course the promised [pie chart](   EDIT: it says number on the pie chart, but it is percentage
0	This is true... but misleading.  If there is a will that "leaves it all to someone", it's true that the inheritor of the estate does "get the loans" too. So they must use the estate's assets to pay off the debt before the rest of the estate can be distributed to his heirs/legatees/inheritor. But if the estate isn't enough to pay the debts, the remaining debts are extinguished, similar to what happens in bankruptcy.
0	This was my sister's high school boyfriend...   They broke up for reasons I never asked. One night he calls the house and I answered the phone. My mom and sister were out so it was just 13 year old me. We talked for about 2 hours and he was telling me that he had nothing left to live for and he was going to kill himself. By this time I'm crying my eyes out. He was a hero of mine.  I hear the garage door open and told them they were home. He made me promise not to say anything to them and I did. We hung up and I sat there still crying when they walked in. Mom asked what was wrong and I forced the most manly 'nothing' I could. She sat down with me and after a couple minutes I spilled it. I told her everything he said.   Mom called him and he picked up they talked for hours into the night. He promised her that he would t do anything. They talked every night for a week or so. Then one day my aunt picked me up from school. She had never done that before. I said 'something bad happened didn't it?' The only thing she could say is that mom and sister were home and they would tell me.   I got home and found out that he had killed himself. At the time I felt like I took it harder than my sister, but looking back I now see that she was in shock.   Flash forward to me being 20ish and at a football game and mom and sister were not really joking about him, but talking lightheartedly. I blew up. I got really upset that they were not holding him up the way I remembered him. That's when they told me the rest of the story... The last time they talked, the night before, he told mom that he was going to kill my sister first.   He left a note that basically apologized to mom for saying that as well as some other reasons for his decision that don't really add to this.
0	No worries. I too hate the dark, I manage to not have an issue with turning lights off, I just have a routine on getting ready for bed, leave bathroom light on so my room is lit, go get water for bed, turn off kitchen light, so I still have light on where I am going, then turn the tv on, turn off the bathroom light and run like the dickens into the bed.
1	Generally, you go for whoever you can reach safely. As an ADC your focus should be overall DPS, not tunneling onto a carry (unless you know doing so is safe). If a tank or assassin is trying to kill you, you have to kite them to death before that happens. Stay behind your tanks so they can peel for you.
0	I have never ever seen a guy saying "no" to a girl asking him out. Except the rare occasions where he is married and doesn't belive in second marraige due to religion.   But I am sure you can spot that out easy by ring on the finger and religous quote each 2 mins.
1	If you're being CC'ed as vayne, it's already too late.  Her best defense is to stay on the edge of fights and avoid focus with her stealth tumbles.  She is so squishy that, if someone wants you dead, you're dead.  My core build is zerker's, followed by a rushed black cleaver and a madred's.  From there I usually go survivability, since the attack speed provides extraordinary damage on vayne, going for a banshee's, frozen mallet, atma's, or possibly the cloak and dagger IF I'm failing and being focused a lot.  I often break up the madred's with a survive item halfway through.  Don't waste your gold on a trinity, it is incredibly overrated on vayne.  You get way more bang for you buck in terms of cost efficiency just stacking AS.
1	Riot DOES give into most of that bullshit, that's why the patchnotes even now are full of reddit related patches. Thats also why Bronzies get assassins without skillshots nerfed, because they are easy for them to play, and hard to play against because that would require a small amount of warding and teamwork. RIP Akali, sweet queen.   "Better nerf Irelia" became a circlejerk meme and is the only reason why that bitch wasn't nerfed in a long, long time.   Nidalee has an overpowered kit, but it revolves around a skillshot, and her cougar form is risky to those who are dumb enough to go for every single dive, thus making her a mediocre pick at best in Bronze. Same with LeBlanc.   ADCs get balance changes much more rarely because low division players generally suck in the role, resulting in all of the carries being just about as viable as the others. Graves' ult is also a skillshot so...
1	putting text to the title is by far not optional. a headline basically is the
1	Link isn't the issue to be quite honest. CLG have been using their top, jungle AND support to essentially be a wall for Doublelift and forcing Link to try and make plays. That is super hard to do when the top and jungle just don't build damage.   The result of Hotshot and Chauster not having damage: Blow up Link and clean up Doublelift. They just ignore those two. The worst part is HSGG and Chauster are so predictable. Chausters ganks are predictable and HSGG's champion pool is abysmal. Combine that with DLift's horrid champion pool as well and it spells trouble for CLG.   Now this week, they are essentially trying to force their image away from "4 supports and a doublelift" but the teamcomps sucked something fierce. Yes, they pulled out the win on Vulcun (IGNORE ME I'M BAD) but you can throw any teamcomp against Vulcun and squeak by with a win.
0	This story is very specific and may blow my anonymity if anyone else involved is on Reddit, but it is too good not to share, and I'm too lazy to make a throwaway.   My older brother got married five years ago on the other side of the country. My whole family (brothers, sisters, parents, uncles, aunts, cousins) flew out for the wedding a week ahead of time. I am a writer and the whole week I was asking my brother if he needed help with his vows. He kept telling me he had it taken care of.   The wedding was hybrid Hindu-Christian affair, and the couple were writing their own vows. Well, it's about 45 minutes before the wedding, and all of the groomsmen, of which I was one, were getting ready in this hotel suite.   We're going through a checklist of stuff to make sure we have everything, and when it comes to the vows, my older brothers goes "Shit."   So we're scrambling to find something to write on and write these vows by committee. On hotel stationery.   If he shows up to his wedding with his vows written on a Staybridge Suites notepad, his marriage is over before it starts.   So, we're looking frantically for something else to write them on.   What does every hotel room in America have? A Gideon Bible.   We find it and the first page inside the front cover is some pretty sweet card stock. We need to rip it out.   The groom definitely does not want to tear a page out of a holy book on his wedding day to avoid any Old Testament-type wrath of god event.   So his little brother, me, who wasn't even the best man, takes the hit.   Wedding goes off without a hitch. Vows hit all the write notes. Reception was a blast.   And I have leprosy.   (Just kidding on the last part.)
0	I honestly think this is one of the things that keeps me from being able to completely change my way of life.  I've went from being addicted to my job to being hooked on other things.  In order to make any kind of change I'll have to change absolutely everything, I'll have to move.  I can't get clean near the people in my life.  I didn't have a lot of people in my life before when it was my job that took up every waking minute but now I have even less.   It really scares me when I think about just leaving... just starting over somewhere new.  I think I could do it in a few months if I could move in with my mom while I saved some money or someone could trust me to let me borrow a small sum of money and a plane ticket.  No one I know who could or would help understands how bad my life has gotten.  I make good choices when I'm single and only have myself to rely on.
0	That might be my favorite
1	For the most part it's a lot about matchups and individual player skill. You're not going to win a lane against a riven as someone without mobility.   And also depends on your teammates. If you have a good jungler or mid laner who can roam and get you a free kill.
1	I see a lot of people commenting that "AD Fizz is good though, it's more fun than AP assassin Fizz," etc. etc. This frustrates me quite a bit. Yes, Fizz is fun with this build. I think AD Fizz should definitely remain a viable build path. However, he should not remain in this state seeing as the core concept behind Fizz is an AP Assassin. Riot should ultimately revert Fizz back to this overall play style of being an AP Burst Assassin, albeit with counter play. Q needs to be buffed back a bit, with W being changed around a bit maybe? To those saying that AP Fizz is still viable, I heavily disagree. His team fighting presence is negligible, laning is awful, and he overall feels weak as an AP champion. As it currently stands, AP Fizz is just essentially a Tier 2, AP Zed. Hell, he's not even as fun as Zed anymore. He can't escape as well as Zed, have a good of a laning phase as Zed, his ultimate is a skill shot while zed"s is a point and click, and he feels like he lacks the damage.
1	Until she gets to full build, Ashe is primarily a utility adc and because of her, there is a huge amount of mobility in the game. However, once she does get to full build, or even if she gets ahead, you will NOT get away from her if you don't have an escape, flash, and some kind of way to slow her down. She will melt you just as fast as Twitch or Vayne lategame but without the possibility of escape.   In comparison to other adc's at the moment, she's not the best to bring, but don't complain about how she doesn't have damage when she has one of the top five engage tools in the game, in addition to also being the one adc you don't want to go against with a poke comp on their side.
0	Can I emphasize that regardless of a person's decision on the matter, that they SHOULD get the testing done?  I had a conversation with a friend of the family who is bible thumper, raging alcoholic, and welfare queen about aborting broken fetuses.  She told me that she would absolutely keep the baby (2 of her kids have fetal alcohol syndrome) and she would skip the tests even if her insurance paid for it.  She said that ignorance is bliss.  Talk about a distorted reality!  She wouldn't even admit that knowing ahead of time would at least give her time to prepare for a disabled child.  I honestly didn't know whether to feel pity, disgust, or anger towards her after that.  I think that I settled on all three.
1	I like the second stream idea but I would rather it show just another spectator view. Mostly so you can watch replays while not interrupting the main view, but also to show other lanes when multiple lanes have action at the same time. This second screen wouldn't really need the same information as the first (mini-map, score) so there would still be plenty of room to show extra stats (or player reactions, or even ads) as was originally suggested
0	I don't want to get into a debate on the nuance of a CEO's day to day work but approving layoffs and the like are exactly the job description.   I hire and fire people for a living as well and I don't take it lightly. But cutting the jobs of a hemorrhaging department, or scaling back workforce to protect against bloat are necessary parts of remaining in business. Being able to do that requires skill and ability and rising to positions that require it also take a measure of the same.
0	I hate to say it, but from a traffic flow perspective, the most efficient way for traffic to flow with two lanes merging into one is for merging to occur basically at the last possible moment. Take out the human factor of "its my spot, and you're an asshole" and its the most efficient method with the objective of maximizing traffic volumes per hour in a given convergence zone.   Example: When a two lane road loses a lane, and a driver holds up traffic a quarter mile before the convergence zone. The driver prevents other drivers behind him from advancing and creates a gap between him and the next driver ahead of him, which is basically wasted space that attributes to slowing traffic.
0	Ohh I have a clue, I had such a raging clue I almost spurted clue goo. Any who, you need to lighten up. Hello, this is the internet, bro. Can't let meaningless shit like this get you so worked up.
0	At the same time, all that bullshit she did with former boyfriends, or the drugs she used to be into, and all the shitty situations you weren't around for that make you sick to your stomach, they all made her into exactly the person you fell in love with. It hurts to know you weren't the only one to make her happy, but it's because she went through that you're with her now. Each brush stroke paints the picture, and it wouldn't be the same without it.
1	Hi, I am IGN Vorloxx and I've been playing since roughly April. I reached level 30 in August and started playing ranked in September. I solo qd 8 of my matches and got placed in silver 4. At level 30 I was very good against other unranked 30's because I had friends teaching me how to play. But now that I'm in silver 4 I seem to be struggling in some games. I finished my placements 4w 6l and now my ranked record is 7-11 and I sit a 1lp. Does anyone have any good basic mechanic tips for low silver? Thanks.
1	Hijacking this as I don't see anybody linking to his [Patreon](   There is a ton of people in the comments of the video asking for a Paypal donation acount. This is as close as you can get for continuos suport for his family, and all the hours of fun hes given us thru all this time.   If you don't know what Patreon is,   -
0	3rd grade teacher here. I work in a low-income, inner-city school district.   We're currently dealing with a lot of bullying in my classroom. The kids are constantly calling each other "fags" or "gay" or "retarded". At least once a day, I hear the bullying. When I hear it, I try to deal with it. I try to stress to them that being "gay" a "girl"or "retarded" is not bad, so we need to stop using those labels as insults.   However, I can only deal with it when I hear it. I can't send students to the office because someone else said they called them a name. I have to actually hear (or see) these things happen. For example, yesterday my phone was stolen. The phone was found in one of my student's desks (which I can't actually go through, because of privacy issues). Although we had multiple other students telling us that another student stole the phone, then handed it off to the other student, the student whose desk we found it in got suspended because he actually had it. We have no proof the other student stole it.   Then, when the S1 was written, we couldn't actually say that the student stole it. We had to say that we found the student with the phone, which leads us to believe he was the one who stole it. There have been too many issues with parents in the past who say "Did you see him actually steal it? Then how do you know it was him?"   And as for the tattling - I don't punish for it, but I have multiple students with whom it reaches extreme levels. I kid you not, they will come up to me about once every 10 minutes, usually to tell me that "so-and-so looked at me! Make them stop looking at me!" It has reached the point where we have had to have discussions and threaten to call parents about the tattling. Otherwise, my entire day would be taken up with listening to the kids complain about their peers. Sometimes the tattling is legitimate. Usually it's not. When I have 7 hours, (although, once you factor in the 15 minutes in the morning to get settled, the 2+ hours for specials/lunch/recess and the half hour to pack up at the end, I usually have closer to 4 hours) to teach these kids something,  I don't have time to be dealing with petty tattling. The tattling usually results in tears from some party involved, which then disrupts the whole class and there's more time gone.   I can't punish hearsay. If one of my kids tells me someone called them something, I can confront them about it, but if they deny it, I'm stuck.   I've tried to become hyper-vigilant. I've learned which students are my bullies and I try to watch them like a hawk, but with 26 kids demanding my attention, I miss stuff. And it sucks.   Which isn't to say I don't sometimes punish the bullies, even if I don't see it. I might get worried my ass will be on the line if one of the bullies goes home and tells mom, but it will get to the point where I'll have to throw that fear out the window.   The worst part is - no matter how many times I reprimand them or we have discussions about why we need to stop using labels as insults, it will still continue. It will continue when my back is turned, or when they're out at the playground. It will happen when they think I'm not listening, but I actually am. It will still happen, and I have yet to find a surefire way to stop it.   It scares me to death that one day, it will be one of my kids who commits suicide because they're being bullied. They're my babies and the thought of anything happening to my kids hurts. I can try my hardest to see it, but I know I can't see it all, and if I can't see it, I can't punish it.   We're not ALL heartless teachers, looking for any crack that we can use to build ourselves up while tearing our students down. Most of us got into education so we could try to make a difference with our students.   And just for the record, I don't have "snitches get stitches" tattooed across my chest.
1	Idk if you are just trolling me but it doesn't have to be that way.   Good sales can be set as the bottom line.   It can also definitely be assumed that the "great" sales do not happen enough to raise the average. If all sales are "good" then  "great" will not change quality of the average sale by much, compared to a poor sale.   In addition, I assume that by "average" you refer to the statistical mean (which is common), but keep in mind if we use the term "average" for the median or mode (also correct), this does not necessarily  imply some mystical karmic balance between the quality of our sales.
1	I am a jack of all trades type summoner. I'm at 41/110 win with a different champ at 90 wins. However, I agree more on your point than your friend's point. I have a friend who is a beast Akali, he has studied her and played her for two years now. I rarely see him lose a lane and lose a game on her. He is just that good on her. While he a beast on her, because of the dedication, his play on other champs can usually be subpar. His mindset in League now, is that of an Akali player and only that.   So while I feel having your main champ is extremely important (I'm starting to get that way with Zed now). It is always great to have a good pool on the back burner, for situational times. I feel I can play a game and win my lane with probably about 1/3 of the champs in the game, leaving me room to counter.
0	I could actually quantify this if I had some free time! I have two jobs, data analyst by day and delivery guy by night. Yeah I know, worst superhero ever. But I've worked at the former a few years longer than I have at the latter, so data is in my blood now. Since day 1 as a driver I've kept a nightly record of how many hours I worked, how many miles I drove, how many deliveries I took, and how much I got in tips/delivery fees. I've been logging it on my phone and then inputting it to Excel every now and then, but it has been a few months since I've updated the spreadsheet. It probably wouldn't be too much work to find a weather history for this area and add it as one of my data points so I can see what kind of differences there are when it's sunny/raining/snowing. I do think weather has an influence, but it's not as significant as other factors such as weekday vs weekend, if there is a game on, etc.
0	Sadly I think there are females who are just used to having people do things for them because they're "a cute girl."   I knew a girl who had her boyfriend fix their home network several times when it was having issues - she went to school for 4 years to become a network administrator.   More distressing is a girl I knew who could not manage to fill out her own applications to go to college and had her boyfriend at the time help her. After she got out of school she had a guy friend help her fill out job applications. I suspect this is where we get some of the incompetent workers that force us to ask ourselves "How did you manage to get a job??"
1	U post  1 sentence  and still add
1	Riots system seems to be working from what they keep telling us... Sure you can say they would always say that but Riot is pretty open on what works for them and what doesn't. They also are more invested in having good games for players.
1	Towards #2   Last 11 Matches (no need for more):     Fizz Mid - lost - Liandry's as one item (maybe not his fault also same duo than Nautilus Game so not independant data)   Nautilus Jungle - lost - Full AP with no jungle item (without a good excuse I would say provoked and therefore also the Fizz game)   Singed against a Trynda and lost in CS - lost - Full AP with a losing game   Kayle Support - won   AP Nasus Mid - lost - feeding AP Nasus (provoked toxicity)   AP Malph Mid- lost - heavily fed the enemy Yasou (provoked)   Mid Karthus - won - late game win despite horrible pick as teamcomp (sry was wrong though Morde hard fp and his cs sucked hard for mid still was an ok match)   Vel'koz Mid - lost - second time he played this champ at all (his history goes back over the release on op.gg) (provoked)   Trundle Top - lost - Bt into Botrk with flash + ghost (last season at 100 cs per game as average over 19 (10-9) games)   AP Maokai Top - won - AP Mao (3-10 last season) (provoked)   AP Nasus top/mid - won - losing lane again (provoked)     These are his last games. He is a troll who provoked toxicity with his playstyle and/or champion picks to prove his point.   other notable Games:     Full AP Malphite without DFG (lose)     (other before his 20 matches in 4 days)     Full AP Tristana without DFG (lose)    Support Maokai with RoA (lose)   Alistar support with 0/2/0 (lose)     All in all I would say he tested how much his teammates would rage when he plays stupid shit around Silver 1 and fails with it. Also this was just the obvious part. I would guess that he made sure to start the toxicity in the other games with diffrenent methods if he already uses such obvious ones.   He seems to get placed into Silver despite being Plat last Season which could mean that he is pissed at the system.
1	I can't speak for all mods, please don't take this as that.   Just to outline a bit of what you guys don't see:   Honestly, the majority of moderation is going through the filtered posts. I don't mean the stuff on the front page, I mean moderation queue/reported links. We could dish out some examples, but 99% of it is just crap - honestly: crap. Granted, you might not think that is for us to decide, but if this place was unmoderated, there would literally be hundreds of posts every day of boring end game screen shots. I was shocked when I first started modding, because I was like "wow - the mods here suck, /new is always full of garbage" (sorry guys!). But really, that is an incredibly small portion of it.   What does that mean? That you guys don't see the majority of work that the moderators do. What you DO see are the highly visible removals and the interaction that the mods have with the community. While perhaps interaction should be increased, that still leaves a huge chunk of the work in the moderation queue which will always be invisible.   Now a lot of people are of the opinion of that moderators should have a very light hand in actual post moderation due to "downvote and move on" or "if its on the front page, people must want to see it" - but this has historically not worked (see other comments about easily-digestible posts vs content full posts). That simply is a flaw in reddit both users and moderators of all subreddits have learned to accept. In a natural state, reddit itself flows towards low value content.   Another thing that is slightly invisible to the general users: every  single  front page post that we even consider removing gets voted on. There is usually some chaos involved regarding the two sides which are: a) remove it and have to deal with the drama that shortly ensues or b) leave it up and set a precedence for those posts becoming acceptable - resulting in an influx of that type of posts. This means that when something escapes past the moderators filtering through the queue, if it rises to the top we're stuck between a rock and a hard place. We have rules for a reason, and it isn't to limit or control what you guys want to discuss - it's because things would get out of hand otherwise.   Please try to keep in mind that we're not doing this for some power fulfilling dream. All of us were members of this community before we were moderators. We want this place to be better - that is why we're giving our time to helping to make it a nicer place. It's easy to pin us down as evil or overbearing, but honestly that isn't why we try to enforce rules or guidelines. It isn't easy finding a balance in keeping the whole world happy and in check at the same time. It also isn't easy when the moderation team consists of several different people with several different opinions.   Just don't think we're evil - I promise we're not! Our intentions are always for the best experience for the average user :3
1	Fnatic was top 2 in IPL 5   and you're gonna tell me that  UoL was the #2 team in world after IEM san jose?   But you're right FNC at that time was definitely top 10 so perhaps m5 was not the last "top level" team.   >"even when they underperformed"   How does this make your case better?  "under performing" as an excuse where your job is to.... perform?   I dont think they were top 10 in season 4, as every OGN team probably would have beaten them in a best of 5 as well as many chinese teams.
1	For those who don't get it...     "huehuehue" is how Portuguese-speaking people type out their laughter. It's the Portuguese version of "hahaha".     What's the main (possibly only?) Portuguese-speaking country on this side of the Atlantic? Brazil.     What hero are Brazilians notorious for using? Mordekaiser.
1	It all comes down to math: people will use the most efficient runes that work for their playstyle. Why did most adc's switched from AD quints to AS? Because after the change AS quints would give higher dps. However players who are bad at cs'ing should probably stick to AD quints. Buffing some of the runes would mean that they have superior stats over their counterparts, and thus be used instead. Then we would have the same problem as you have now. However, making the defensiv or offensive values of all the runes somewhat similar would mean that there is no difference what runes you can use. Also your playstyle is important and you have to adapt the runes to it, and not blatantly use the ones that pros use.
0	I almost never buy girls drinks at a club. There are quite a few who prey on guys with an easy wallet, get a free drink and 'go to the bathroom'. Especially if they are the one asking You to buy them one it is a big red flag. My go-to response is to 'make a deal' they will buy me a drink first and I will buy the next one.   When they question it - be honest and say pretty well the above- some girls just use guys for drinks, where this deal puts us even. they will then either get angry and flake off (you correctly called them on it and saved yourself money) or they get a flash of revelation that it makes good sense and now there is a deeper connection.   If they buy the first round it creates an investment in you, and having me pay the next round doesn't put me out in a money-alcohol ratio.
0	Guess im driving you guys, I had the same problem, EXCEPT the girl i was with moved two years after we had been dating. It sucked mostly because it was late highschool and it was my Junior year when she moved, her parents forced her to go. My life literally fell apart, i lost my relationship with my family day by day and especially my brother, we were so close once. But my gf at the time tore us apart. I blame myself for that. Anyhow, a few weeks after the move, her parents brought her to see me for the weekend and we had fun.   Went out to the movies etc, and more intimate things as well. Weekend goes and she has to leave, this goes on for a while as my family situation deteriorates and i am actually going to therapists for mood swings and other crap. I used to talk to her everyday that i could. I lost many of my friends at school, ignored a few of my close girl friends and vehemently destroyed another who was wanting to help and actually date me at the time. This went on from the summer which she moved to half the school year. I didnt know if she was cheating on me etc. Her friends told me she was, i didnt know if they were lying or not. didnt care. I would still see her about twice a month for the weekends. The shitty part was if id ever tell her i wanted out, shed always pull me back somehow.   Eventually i woke up and went to a party for a friend i had made one night, it was her 17th birthday and i was 18 at the time. I went didnt really care about my gf at the time because i was sick of it by then. Met a girl there and she was having many of the same problems as i was, only not the moving and family issues. her bf was just no fun and sorta controlling. anyhow skipping forward i called my gf and broke up with her. Start dating the girl from the party and my ex calls and says shes pregnant. This caused a big rift in my family, luckily it wasnt true. Sadly it took me Five months after she moved to figure out i was happy without her. And in this time i destroyed everything i ever cared about and im 24 now. I am still paying for my mistake and im glad i left when i did, wish it was sooner, but i grew up fast. My brother and I talk much more now i have two baby boys and am still with the girl from the party.   damn that was long.
1	Can't agree more with this. People seem to also forget that the Elo algorithm was designed for playing chess, which is completely different to league. League is a team game, so there is sometimes truth to the "my team sucked" attitude, where you might deserve a win, but you don't get it (or equally, when you sucked but got carried). In chess, you win or you lose based on your play and your opponent's play and that's that.   The other thing to consider is the tilting aspect of league. If you go on a loss streak, it can be really difficult to win games. In chess, you don't have that as much, considering how much slower the games are and also the fact that the only person you can blame for losing is yourself; if you concentrate and improve your game, you'll start winning again. That's not always the case with LoL, leading to some really nasty point losses in the Elo system.   Also, I agree entirely that the league system feels more rewarding when you win games, especially when you win promo games. I remember when I had to repeat one set of promo games 11 times, which felt rubbish, but when I finally won them, it was just amazing. They probably also helped out my MMR, so it didn't feel like I was just wasting time.   And yeah, once again, I have to agree that the league points system feels better than the Elo points system. You can really get an idea of how good you are based on your points/league/tier, how much you gain on average and how much you lose on average. Obviously point gains/losses are variable, but you can see when you're gaining more points on average or losing more points on average. With the Elo system, it's sometimes just impossible to understand why you're gaining or losing so much.   I think that most people who want the Elo system back just want to be able to see a "number," to accurately show how good they are (which, by the way, as stated earlier, Elo isn't particularly good for when playing LoL). If you're that bothered, then ask Rito to just give us an MMR-like number. There's no need to go back to Elo.   As for promos between tiers/divisions, I think they're fine. If you keep on losing your promos, it's probably your own fault. I mentioned my 11 promo loss streak earlier. It was frustrating, yes, but I also knew that 1. I was good enough to win them eventually and 2. I won most other promos first or second time round, so why did it matter that I had one set of promos that was taking longer to win?   BTW, FYI, just because I always see "ELO," it's not an acronym! "Elo" is the last name of the guy who developed the algorithm, so you should really write it "Elo" or even "elo" rather than "ELO."
0	Some advice for anyone high school, take AP Psych.The class is actually a lot of fun and the test isn't to hard to get a 4 or 5. I studied for half an hour and guess what? It's a class or two that I placed out of for college. Seriously I signed up for it as a joke and it ended up saving me hundreds of dollars.
1	Happened to me just today and I realize I shouldn't even play because of my current hormone imbalance (pregnant, yay!). It's stressing me out too much when, instead, League used to be what calmed me down and let me forget all my worries.   I was playing ranked-Sona and it was a pretty well-matched game. 30 mins in I'm warding and (in hindsight I shouldn't have warded w/o my team nearby) I get caught. My first mistake in the whole game. Our jungler goes ballistic. Him and Mid were a duo and started talking down to me. My ign + playing sona probably made it easy to figure out I was a woman and everyone knows women get a lot of heat in games. I had only 3 deaths in compared to their KDRs but I'm told how "fucking women shouldn't even play, go suck a dick like you were born for" "you probably sucked dick to get to plat" "loose whore stop feeding" "you're probably a fat fuck"  "how the fuck do you expect to support a family if you can't even support in a game"  That one hurt the most. That was the line that, in over a decade of gaming online, brought me over the line and I broke down. Sure, he probably didn't know I was pregnant and wouldn't have said it. But that made me afk for the first time in 2 years in a game of League, let alone rank.   Sorry for the rant, but if you're the type of person who says hurtful things, even if it's online, have the maturity to think about how it will affect your game and the person, even if you think things said on the internet shouldn't affect you irl, you don't know what others are going through.
1	Honestly, this video is pretty stupid and doesn't give any more credibility to Riot's balacing. You can not take out one aspect of the changes and look at it and the results, without looking at everything else. A lot of other Champs got nerfed along the board. The bursting AP Kayle is pretty much not viable and that is BECAUSE of this nerf and the Lich Bane nerf. Just because another build seemed to work and became popular does not justify this type of game design or make it good. I played Kayle with attack speed style before the nerfs even hit her. Burst Kayle was never a thing to me, it was pretty much a different Champion. And that Champion got removed from the game, because it is so much worse than the attack speed one.
1	Directed towards any member of the team: If a massive zombie nuclear fallout occurred, and you were the only person who survived from your team, but none of the other team's were affected, and there was a huge league of legends drug bust,Cloud 9 found to be doing Crack before entering scrims, and in result all the teams disbanded, and you had to make a super team, who would you have in each role? top mid jungler adc and support.
1	Sounds like poor game decisions tbh. If you wrecked your lane THAT hard to be 11/3/3 your team should have a number of major advantages like forward map presence, dragon stacks, etc.   This should be especially true since you're implying you didn't die at all until after laning phase (three team fight deaths after laning). If you're the first one dying in team fights as an ADC, you're doing something wrong positionally and/or strategically. That's entirely your fault. They shouldn't be able to just freely flash on top of you and pick you off first.
1	I've been plaything this game a long time now (im in gold so I'm not fantastic, been playing since Season 3) and the honest answer is ranged champions can be a nightmare for both of the champions you described. Malphite and Aatrox are both strong top laners, and definitely fun to play with their all in kits and balls to the wall mentality.   There are two general schools of thought when playing a melee champion such as Aatrox or malph into a champion such as Jayce, Nidalee, or any other ranged champion. The first is a defensive approach, taking an item such as a cloth armor or dorans shield to nullify their harass as much as possible. With this setup you should take teleport as your summoner spell, to minimize the amount of time you lose in lane when they damage you down to low health; with teleport you minimize the amount of experience and gold you miss from going back to base to heal. Remember to teleport to your turret for the lower cooldown on the spell! When running a defensive setup, try to fight your opponent as little as possible, only pressing on them if you have an advantage such as they are within turret range or your jungler has come to gank. Besides these times, focus on getting EASY farm - losing a quarter or half you health just to farm one ranged minion is a terrible trade, try to accept that you will miss some minions/gold in lane, and wait until you get some items or support to fight your lane opponent. Also with this approach you might be able to beat your opponent once you have access to your ultimate - malphite's unstoppable force can allow him to wreck opponents (and i would recommend taking a defensive approach with him, BUT TAKE AT LEAST ONE MANA POT!!! those mana costs smh), especially if they are squishy, as well as setting up perfect ganks. So with this approach be careful, defensive, and patient and wreck them in teamfights!!!!   The other approach is an all in and riskier approach where you take early damage (such as a dorans blade or longsword) with the intention of all-inning your opponent, getting a kill, and using that advantage to dominate your lane. You will want ignite as your summoner spell to give you more damage when you decide to try and kill the enemy. Luckily for you, Aatrox is a champion that excels at this strategy!!! Play passively until you hit level 3, farming only the easy creeps and lulling your enemy into thinking they have dominance over you. But once you have access to your full rotation of spells auto attack minions twice if aatrox (then get your blood price ready - more damages) jump on their face, hit em with the slow and go to town on their face!!! dont forget to ignite!!! If successful and you get a kill, use the gold to buy even more damage and bully the hell out of them, going for a kill every time your ignite is up or they are low. You might even consider using your flash offensively to guarantee the kill (also aatrox's passive makes him perfect for this strategy - coming back to life after a successful all in is hilarious!)   One of the things that took me the longest to learn in this game is that not dying prettymuch = winning. Do your utmost to prevent your opponent from killing you, be patient waiting for good opportunities to trade, and remember EVERY champion in this game can win if played well, from Aatrox to Zilean. Keep on playing, keep on getting better and soon you'll be beating ass in no time. Hope this wasn't too long for you!!!
0	This is great! My parents did this when we were kids and I applaud their parenting. They were strict while we were little, very consistent and said what they meant. If there was a threat that if we continued X we would go home, we would find ourselves in the car shortly thereafter if we kept it up.   We were taught to be courteous and polite. We didn't get a damn thing without a please and thank you. We were taught to respect our elders and look at someone when we were talking with them.   They also included us in everything they did. We went everywhere as a family, very few times we were relegated to a babysitter, they were just very inclusive in everything they did.   And as a result as we grew up we knew the boundaries and they were able to give us a lot of freedom. I never had a curfew, I was never grounded, simply because I knew when I should be home and I knew if I did dumb shit I'd get in trouble for it.
0	was going to comment on chanting rhymes to change your hair color, eye color, get good luck etc. then i realized where i was at.... so what if she is a wiccan, pull out your magic wand and show her your patronus!
1	There's a lot of factors to consider with nerfs, but there's a couple factors that aren't so much about champion balance as people think.  This contribute to how "broken" a champion is.     Items/Masteries: These change every season, but it's possible for an item to just be absurdly broken on a champion.  For instance, let's say Nashor's Tooth gets a big buff to make it more useful on ADC's (to compete with SS and PD).  Suddenly, champions is was good on to start with (Kayle, Teemo, etc) become really good once they get it.  These champions would have to be nerfed to compensate and subsequently would be bad if Nashor's Tooth was later nerfed.  Yes, this would have to rebalanced later.     Community Perception (FOTM Club): Most champions are balanced currently.  Often what happens is a champion will be out of favor for a while, then a pro player "discovers" them and we're all suddenly surprised by how good they are (Warwick is a good recent example of this).  Without any changes at all, champions can shift from "balanced" to "broken" just by the community learning them better and using them a lot more.  Riot realizes this and is slow to make balance changes because some times a nerf that makes someone balanced (like early Draven nerfs) are viewed a "trash tier".
1	It doesn't work that way already because Riot didn't change their matchmaking, which while not perfect is the best system available for a randomized team environment. They just slapped a separate system over the top for a perceptual change to make people feel "better" about being in the lower tiers. That system is also not perfect, but psychologically beneficial for the majority of players, small goals rather than huge climb ladder.   The disconnect between the slapped on top league/division system from the MMR/ELO system exists because of the promo series system and how its hard to "climb" when you're accurately matched MMR wise, but not at what is considered the appropriate tier for that MMR.   This is mostly a problem for "old" accounts, new aka "smurf" accounts don't have a real MMR background   An absolutely huge example would be the absolute shit storm that was occurring for the S4 placements on a grand scale with the soft MMR reset wreaking absolute hell on the top end. People were facing off against players they normally played against while trying to carry people up to two tiers lower than themselves which had predictable results, loss streaks plummeting the accounts' tier/division standing while maintaining their MMR.   Compare that to how the smurf accounts just blaze through due to having no MMR history, they play accurate to division players and climb past them to place appropriately.   It can even out over time, because yes, people get win streaks against their accurate MMR. I, for example with one account, didn't have the time to invest in playing five hundred some odd games to make the statistical eventuality play out for my account. Not when "smurfing" would allow me to achieve the same result quicker than going for promo Silver to Gold for the ninth time; against Plat players when the smurf could do promos against the same division as it was ranked. (And lol about my duo account with my brother, permanently red flagged for matches with toxic trolls it appears)
1	Fiora might be the best counterpick in the game to low-cc AP assassins like Diana, Akali, Fizz, Kassadin (just not leblanc). Also, like pantheon, when well played she's a huge kill threat throughout the lane phase to most normal mages that lack an quick binding spell (lissandra/lux/morgana/syndra are too fast, but zyra is manageable for example).   fiora is a classic case of a champion who isn't weak, but is incredibly niche. She's not going to be valuable to someone with a smaller champion pool, but once you have most of the champions and a good intuition on how to pick against the enemy team, you can have consistent success with this type of champion.   if you sit down with an intention to play 10 fiora games one night you're going to have a bad time, she's not a flexible champion.
1	In the bundles tab there are two bundles. If you get these two bundles you will get you quite a few champions. I'm fairly certain I have yet to play several champions that I got in these bundles. This was almost a year ago. These two bundles will net you like 40 some champions.   If you bought all the champions at one time, you would be thoroughly overwhelmed. I would say it takes about 5 games to  really  get a feel for a champion. 5 games for 120 champions is 600 games. More than likely you will take a liking to a few champs and play them a bit more than 5 games. A $60 game includes probably close to 1/10 of the content that Riot has released  FOR FREE.
0	I'm not sure I can handle this new concept. Semesters? In quarters? What are we if we are not on a trimester schedule? Savages. That's all we are. Since the dawn of time in New England we have had three distinct seasons: hot and humid, mild, and fucking freezing. These three seasons are the pillars of our semesters. If we add a fourth semester into the mix then we have spat in the face of our forefathers and the work they did to make our lifestyles amazing.
1	IMO rushing Yommuu on Nocturne and Xin makes them way too squishy mid and late game.   Your initiation skills attract a lot of attention. What usually happens to a squishy build is     you own faces early because of focus on AD/AS/ArmorPen    you are instantly targeted and torn apart every time you enter a fight     You want to build bruiser, or even straight up tank if your team has enough dps.   In Nocturne and Xin's cases, one of your roles in a fight is to initiate, stay around long enough for your CC to proc, then either secure the kill or GTFO. After Wriggle's (which provides excellent damage), go for Health : either Frozen Mallet if they got squishies, or Warmog's/Atma's (or something like that). Your first Giant's belt allows you to tank ganks, even tower dive to secure kills.   Then mid-late game you can start thinking about Yommuu's and DPS in general. If you did your job right, though, you'll be getting hit hard every fight, so get ready to tank up some more. I like Wit's End, and other hybrid bruiser items.
1	You clearly havent played Dota 2 on a high enough level. League snowballs because the Lanes in League are usually Duels, where in Dota 2 this is not the case. In duels if you get an advantage over your laning opponent, you imediately have the upper hand because every champion relies on items. This also isnt the case in Dota 2. You can have an offlaner Batrider for example with a blink dagger and be exremely effective, while the opponent offlaner can have for example power treads+vlads and still not be as effective as you.
0	That's your fault you dumb shit why would you trust someone with a hat like that #retard
0	You're oversimplifying things.   Even if you assume "North Korea isn't stupid enough to use their nukes" (which ignores the possibility of a suicidal regime, which is an endgame scenario that Kim must have considered), you need to look at a larger view. A country or regime can never be "de-nuclearized" — once the knowledge to create nukes exists in a region it cannot be excised — so there is a distinct possibility of a non-suicidal regime destabilizing and letting secrets slip to a truly suicidal regime. This is the same situation currently developing in Syria with the Assad regime's bio weapons.   Secondly, the nukes create a difficult situation for China and Japan if they give the US an excuse to move destroyers into the North Pacific (US destroyers would be like dropping a boulder into the bathtub that is the Japanese–Chinese territorial disputes). Don't question for a second that the US would hesitate to occupy the North Pacific if it were a step sanctioned by the UN.   Finally, you're underestimating the level of popular support that Kim has in North Korea. He has total control of the media and extreme restrictions on outside communication devices like cellphones, which basically means that the people are in two groups: those with national pride regarding the world super power and brilliant leadership of North Korea, and those who have gotten so wealthy from the regime (through black market and military) that they don't want to blow on the house of cards. Most North Koreans "know" that the US has declared nuclear war on their nation and they support "preemptive attacks."
1	There is this game on Wii Sports Resorts called sword play, and my little sister beat me every time by just swinging the remote uncontrollably. I was so good at it, and beat all of my friends. But not her. I seriously stopped playing the game because she beat me at it so much. She never blocked, and I couldn't block her random swings.
0	This exact same thing just happened in my campus conservative publication. White privilege is NOT a personal, individualized thing. Yes, many white people have experienced personal hardship. I, as a white male, have experienced hardship. But that doesn't mean that I am not privileged.   I personally have experienced economic troubles, as my parents' attitudes toward finance were carefree at best, downright irresponsible at worst. I have not eaten meals so that I could ensure my parents had money to pay the bills. I worked from the time I was 12 (I am currently 20) in order to buy my own clothes, so that my parents didn't have to. I worked my ass off in elementary/middle/high school to earn my way into an Ivy League school.   As a white male, I am less likely to be arrested/go to jail for marijuana use. I am more likely to graduate college. I am more likely to achieve a higher socioeconomic status than my parents. I am more accepted into that socioeconomic status. I am more likely to be elected to any national political office. I am not discriminated against based on my name. People don't leave my side of the street as I walk by. That Ivy League acceptance came with a scholarship from an alumni class that has only given scholarships to white students (not sure if intentional or not, but I doubt it). My network of people has been gained predominately because I am a man and not a women.   Everyone in this world will suffer hardship, from the person who was raised on the silver spoon to the lowest of the low. But, culturally, certain groups will inherently have more advantages in society and, as such, those GROUPS, not individuals, have "privilege."
0	I never understood this either. On one hand, if you're walking down the sidewalk covered in slobber, throwing up in neighbors' bushes, quick pit stop to piss in someone's driveway, and on the verge of falling over and passing out for the night where you were walking DRUNK, then, I understand why people should and are arrested for public drunkenness.   But, I can not stand how some officers will hold it against you as a bartering tool if they don't like how the situation is going.   For example -- Say some NARC (like the guy in the picture above) pulls you over and is asking you questions about what you're doing or where you're going and you tell him to mind his own business and buzz off.  Rrrrightt  after that, he immediately begins thinking "I can get this guy for public drunkenness right now if he doesn't like your answers or tone.
1	Kindly indicate the "bruisers" you're referring to that would buy brutalizer. Then imagine them with Phage which gives more HP which is more in line with a bruiser's "tanky DPS" identity. Champions such as Jayce, Riven, Garen, Renekton, would buy brutalizer for early game. However, outside Garen, none of those four should EVER buy a black cleaver because their damage patterns come out in burst rather than multi hit or aoe. For example Riven wants to combo you down instantly but also weave in autos to make use of her passive. If she's in melee range of course. However if she isn't, she needs to use some of her abilities in an attempts to gap close (even on flanks) so her procing of the old BC is limited. She should be going ghost blade in the first place for earlier power spike of the bonus 10 flat penetration from bruta to ghostblade and the active which lets you close distance by running as opposed to simply spells.   Lets take Darius as an example as you state. I honestly don't believe in a bruta Darius in the first place as you gain more from Tiamat/Hydra or Trinity force. Since his E gives you passive armor penetration, you don't ever want armor REDUCTION because it reduces the value of your penetration. So lets say you went bruta. Ghostblade is VERY powerful on Darius because you get your passive armor pen from E compounded with the flat armor penetration which applies AFTER the % armor pen; meaning the flat has more value in this case. Darius's biggest weakness is the ability to be kited. Ghostblade's movement speed boost assists in covering up that weakness. One of the biggest items in S2 was Shurelya's Reverie and it's active was simply a speed boost. Think of ghostblade like a mini talisman for yourself rather than an attack speed boost. In otherwords, you can still get a bruta for your early game advantage and upgrade to youmuu's when you're finding yourself not able to get to your targets.
0	Recovering meth-head and follow fatass reporting in. Meth is the only thing I've ever been addicted to, aside from food. 8-10 years ago, I looked like I was a lot healthier than I am now. But that bad shit was eating me alive from the inside out. It IS all consuming, it took me a long time to break the addiction. Now I'm borderline morbidly obese and it feels like I need to break the same addiction. I fucking love food, but i overeat it and is going to kill me one day.   But I'm trying my best to beat this addiction too. I have a freezer full of preportioned meals, just got my first ever gym membership, and have committed to becoming a healthier person. Just got to sick to it.
0	An observation that I've seen, and that I'll probably get yelled at for, but this is just what I've noticed in my 21 years:   Lesbians aren't "feared" by women because most women don't think their lesbian friend is out to fuck them unless they outright make a confession or make a move. Meanwhile, I see a gay guy talk to a male stranger and you can instantly watch a guy's expression change. Men seem to think that all gay men are out to turn them gay. It's not everyone, but I've seen a lot of men do it and no woman under the age of 50 react the same to a gay man or woman.
1	Remember when players weren't such needy little divas.   Remember when playing the game and having fun with your friends was the thrill.   Remember when there were 50 champs and that was more than enough.   Remember when ryze auto attacks and overload were the same particle.   Remember when players didnt cry about everything and instead learned how to play against it.   Remember when season one was held in what looked like tryndameres grandmas basement.   Remember when there was no LCS.   Remember when summoners rift looked like lulu had diarrhea.   Remember when you had to pay 59.99 to buy the game and then 15$ a month to have great new content and balance changes. And pay to have customization with tunes and mastered to play the champ the way you like?   Oh wait that last part never happened. This game came from an ugly purple and green cluster of everyone throwing glowing red or blue balls at each other to what it looks like now and what it's going to look like in a few months.   Your mad the Allstar icon cost 1ip? You mad that you got free Christmas icons but had to be unselfish to get others? You mad that you had to pay the equivalent of less than $2.50 to represent your team with an icon? You mad that you got 3 free skins just because you know what social media is? You mad that instead of champs you got to enjoy a new player experience every season? (Season 1 new player experience, season 2 mega champ releases, season 3 extreme meta changes  and a great diverse competitive scene, season 4 massive gameplay overhaul and many new and fun game modes). You mad that you are delivered great free content every single day?   Get over it. You have to pay $2 for an icon and a few more for a skin. If you don't want to support the game then fine. The article on the front page shows that less that 5% of players are actively supporting the game. By the way it looks like riot works their business. The more you pay the more free stuff you get. It sounds weird but it's true.
1	As soon as you hit gold, champions like Master Yi, Tryndamere, Shyvana (...) become completely useless.   That's weird. Because I'm a platinum player and I'm fucking scared of Yi and Trynda because they tend to carry games.   And I want to stress what I've said:   > But I don't complain about champions that are weak when you don't know how to play them or lack the mechanical skill for it (Zed, Gnar, Draven, etc). I'm mostly talking about the gross power differences between the absolute top picks and everything else.   For example: Shaco used to be an absolute solo queue terror a while back. Then they nerfed him to death. Even though he wasn't even popular in professional play. Why? Because in order to do well against Shaco, you'd need excellent team communication and team work. Things that a professional team has, but a solo queue team doesn't. It's  good  that Shaco was nerfed because he was extremely disruptive in solo queue, especially in mid levels.   Another example is Akali. Again, she used to be a pub stomp, but wasn't all too dominant in professional games (a few players like Voyboy used to player her). She was nerfed because she was unbalanced for the general public.   And Riot seems to agree because they keep removing these sorts of imbalances (it's just that they sometimes needs half a decade to get to it). These imbalances had almost zero impact on professional play, because the champions in question were basically irrelevant there.     Then there's the opposite: grossly underpowered or underrepresented champions. A good example is the pre-rework Karma or Heimerdinger. These guys weren't played at  any  level of skill and were simply not up to the task.   Reworks here are to make them more appealing and generally to buff their strengths. Sometimes it works (Karma, Gragas), sometimes it doesn't (Kata, Skarner).     > As soon as you hit gold, champions like Master Yi, Tryndamere, Shyvana (...) become completely useless.   Let's assume that this hold true. Let's say Trynda is a pub stomper in Silver and below, and almost useless in Gold and up. Why not balance him for Silver and below? Regardless of this, his Gold+ performance is shit anyway. If you can balance him to be relevant in Gold+ as well, even better. But even if you can't, that doesn't mean that he needs to clean house in Silver-.
1	You're assuming this guy is one of the guy's that gave money. 'Reddit' didn't throw thousands of dollars at it, a very small proportion of redditors did. I like the
0	I'm driving home from vacation.  For 300 miles, this forest green car is in front of me. Occasionally traffic would separate us, but also bring us back together. The last dozen miles, he just starts driving crazier and crazier and I'm wondering WTF he's up to. He goes down the highway and eventually disappears.  I've nearly completed my trip home when I pull up to my house to see the exact same car in front of my house. He jumps out and starts screaming obscenities about how I'm following him and everything wrong with his life.  I'm shouting "BUT I LIVE HERE" a couple times until it registers.  I show him my drivers license and the information matches up.  He turned bright red, apologized profusely, and left.  Weirdest coincidence ever.
0	I wonder what the levels of force standards would be?  That will make or break stand your ground laws.  Imagine being able to just start shooting as soon as they come at you.  It would end up being like a shitty Wild West stereotype where looking at someone the wrong way would get you shot.  I don't think that's how things are going to be, as the laws mature, but its a consideration.   With duty to retreat, if you were cornered or unable to retreat, using deadly force against someone that was unarmed could still easily be ruled self defense.  Hell, that's one major reason duty to retreat laws came about as well...it somewhat ensured that people wouldn't put ten rounds into you because you were trash talking them and they 'feared for their life.'
1	Simple answer: NO   Just because we all know  that Fiddle's 40 Year Fear  only lasts 3 seconds, doesn't mean we can't say it doesn't feel like its longer than that?   Kassadin's Silence feels stupidly strong because it hits me and I'm not an ADC, I can't do much while he bursts me from 100 -> 0. It doesn't matter if it lasts 2 seconds or 2 minutes, I'm dead. Who cares.   The rest of the things you are talking about must have been you playing with some flat out stupid LoL players, because I've personally never heard that kind of talk in any game. The "hyperbole" aren't ever things as dumb as what you are talking about...
0	This was horrible advice.  She said no.
1	If the past indicates anything, masteries will be redone probably at the end of the season. Check the more dated champion spotlights to see how useful their masteries are.   Also, I've found that similar sets of masteries work across the board. Mages want everything that has something to do with AP in offensive, with three points in the Utility tree mana regen boost. Tanky brawlers generally want everything from defensive, with four points to shift between offensive, utility, or the tree at the bottom that comes from perseverance for the more HP focused tanks.
1	can someone please give me the
0	While Ontario does have the largest GDP of any province (674,485 million as of 2012), Alberta has the highest GDP per capita (80,516 as of 2012) which is roughly 160% of Ontario's (49,940 as of 2012)   (If I am wrong I am terribly sorry, I have just looked this up and my information may be flawed  source:
1	Taught my friend from scratch to play League, started with custom bot-games and just told him to just try things like cs, use skills etc and told him about the goal of the game, towers, dragons etc.   Took a few games just trying things out and then we could go against other players, I played botlane with him and just pretty much told him what to do (or rather, try to do) and kept track of things so he didn't get overwhelmed.   Just focus on a few things at the time and when they become natural you can start adding on more complexity like itemization, warding, looking at map, anticipating enemies.   Didn't take long before he got the hang of it, he was probably low silver in terms of skill at around level 20.   He had experience from games before though but the same thing should work, just more games required to also get a feel for the controls.   Just make sure to teach correctly from the start so she doesn't mouse-click abilities and the like, let it take the time it needs and be very patient!
1	My definition IS riot's definition. That's what mages are in LoL and in general. Users of magic. Full stop.   I'd like to see a source on the Morello quote, I was not able to find it through googling. On that note however I would argue that there isn't much need to focus on balancing them as support in the first place, as their spells naturally lend themselves to the offensive side of the role to different degrees (in different matchups). The main tweaking done to Mages designed for carrying tends to be in their ratios and base damages, which are largely irrelevant to the current support role.
0	Don't try to use strawman arguments on me. I never said that whites should make up the majority of the population in colleges because they are the majority. Does it make it more likely? Yes. Does it mean that whites should have more people in college? Not necessarily, as there may be, a race that has a higher percentage of the population prepared for college, such as Asians.   Also, the argument used for choosing an Asian over a black boils down to diversity. A university is less likely to have as many qualified black students as Asian students. Choosing someone over another based on their race is, by definition, racist. Ergo, the process which supports using race as a means of change is racist.
1	actually Wind Wall is recognized to have very little counterplay even outside of 'bronzodia'. I suggest that unless you're actually going to contribute to the discussion of a well thought-out, well worded, and broadly researched discussion, i suggest you 'go play the game and stop posting here lol'
0	As someone who lives in Ontario, Ottawa to be exact I can tell you telling Quebec to fuck off WOULD indeed help our public service workers, ect. They come to Ottawa to take our jobs, then do not allow us to go there to take theirs. My friend was replaced by a Quebec resident, only over lack of speaking French. In our own province. Does this mean we will be expected to speak Arabic in the future as well? Since they will become a majority if the liberal government keeps allowing immigrants over. When in reality we can't afford to take care of our own people.  Quebec also refuses to pay the same taxes as us. I.e the environmental fee and then throw a fit when we say, no you can't use our electronics recycling facility. They want to not pay our taxes, yet get all of the same benefits as we do. Under Justin, that's going to happen, last thing we need is another French loving leader that will give Quebec what they want so they won't separate.
0	Ambush lol sounds like youve been upset by this before so allow me to tread carefully.   Three years ago...   I met this girl. Literally/figuratively everything on my list I want in a girl  (obnoxious list of requirement ommitted) from Eastern Europe. Easily a solid 9/10 b&f.      We casually meet because of a chance encounter. We start texting we go on a two dates and are back n forth with communication etc etc.     Fast forward to our third date. I get a text from my ex. I tell My date excuse me I have to skype my son and tell him good night. I get up; skype him; and come back. As I sit down she already has this wtf look on her face. I tell her you never asked me if I had kids (truth) I said yes I have a son hes 2. She exclaims I dont want to date a guy with kids. I said first off I have a kid not kids second off if you dont want to date me then DONT. ill pay for tonight and we'll part as friends. She reluctantly relinquish.      Fast foward 4 months she finally has been invited to meet my son. Hes quiet and well behaved. They get along fine. Fast forward to three years we had our first kid together she loves my son. I am in the deepest loving relationship ive ever experienced. She totally and utterly completes me if every way possible.     Was it scummy?   Yes!   But its just a game with winners and losers and...   I fucking refuse to lose!
1	What I, personally, am getting from this is that Maokai had a huge lead because he got his own two buffs, and eve's blue, but essentially squandered it away in buying items that didn't put him ahead.   He then wasted time trying to gank lanes where success was a minimal percentage at best, instead of trying to help out bot lane where he had the best opportunity to successfully use his advantage. All of this collaborated in the enemy bot lane winning lane, eve catching back up, and them losing the game.
0	We don't get 'free land'. It is taxed by the US. Gov. However, there is such a thing as 'Tribal Land'. This is land owed by our tribes, which are sovereign nations. The way tribes tend to handle their lands is they lease the land to farmers. The profits then go to the tribe and are distributed to the tribal members who owned the land.
1	I see a lot of people suggesting the NFL Pro Bowl voting strategy. I'd like to remind people what a mockery that has become, in large part because of the voting.   Professionals, like fans, often vote on reputation and not on actual performance.  In the LCS we have a smaller grouping which means it's more likely pros are paying attention to other pros' play but it also means there's a larger chance for bias.
1	Well Montechristo briefed over it in one of the recent Summoning Insights. Here's the impression I kept:   A analysts job has a broad range and depends on the individual teams needs.   An analysts job will likely include the interpretation of footage and strategies from professional play and try to identify key factors which are the most efficient and effective on the patches as they come. He will essentially sift through hours of footage from different regions and should be able to conclude certain effective behaviors to counter strategies that develop in that region of play.   An analysts work may also include analyzing communication in the team and should be able to give an un-biased opinion. If players are willing to accept it, is another story.   The Korean scene has already identified that having a team that spreads workload onto each other and off of the players allow them to solely focus on the game. Each piece there to save time, because a player alone can not invest the amount of time necessary.   Essentially an analyst is like the scope to your rifle. An enhancement there to prevent you from having to squint your eyes for an hour till you take the shot.
1	DUDE! Go read the picture YOU posted. With the Support Escalation Team member. The one with the karma pic. He clearly corrected the first support member's mistake, and then clearly explained to you that LP decay has been in effect since the beginning of season 3, and therefore cannot be reverted. I think I read it just fine. Maybe you should read your own posts?  >
1	He's not a champion anymore, but the pre-rework Heimerdinger was the most underrated for his time. I mained him and reached Diamond playing him with a 64% win rate, but picking him back then was ridiculous. I often had people literally begging me to pick any other champion in the game, others would start up with the 'gg thanks heimer', some would flat out troll and pick a mid laner after I did hoping to cause enough chaos to cause a dodge.   It got to the point where I had to link my lolking and explain I'm not a troll every time I picked him to try and keep the team calm, and even then people wouldn't care.   Side story: I remember a game where I first picked Heimer, the team was immediately pissed off so second pick chose Shaco and third pick took Teemo, other rage inducing picks. The last two picks took Lulu and Corki to round out the Yordle comp, and we completely destroyed them. AP Shaco, Heimer (Old Heimer where he turrets didn't deactivate) and Teemo was probably one of the ridiculous things I've ever seen. All we had to do was stand around Baron, wait for them to try and get to us and they'd die without a fight starting.
1	Because they think they are better than everyone else, and that the only reason they are doing badly is because someone else fed an enemy and thats why they are losing.   I've experianced this. The "our lane was dominating wtf?!" caused because their jungle left bot alone and ruined top and mid.   Overall result fed tryn solo our team.   Not sure if we could of played differently bot, ganked mid etc. But our jungle didn't gank bot cause he was busy helping top/mid.   My end score looked awful 9-9-8 ad. from 4-1 pre 6. Team fights involed tryn 2shotting me while i tried to net away and move within flash range of something.
0	Reddit TIFU by touching my gay friend bf's dick...
1	also I found out that when I play support, I'm less inclined to blame others... If I'm Darius and I grab Amumu and we get aced, I'm like "man wtf my team sucks, I grabbed one and we still lost"; but if I'm Blitz and I grab Amumu and we get aced, I'm like "man I fucked up there, shouldn't have pulled Amumu"
1	Time scale to dodge. I mean, I see so many people get hit by spears because they either walk into them or try and dodge and instead of just stopping, they again run into it. Yes, at times when it's coming from jungle it's impossible but it's about reactions when you can fully see it and either stop or run to the side and not let it chase. (I know at times this is also unacceptable.
1	We aren't playing some mobile free to play game. There is a lot more depth to player retention than currency flow. People don't play league because they want to catch'em all.  You are missing the point that the current IP sinks are very specific towards making actual gameplay fair (champs, runes, pages). New content (which costs money for Riot) is meant to make riot money (skins, champs, ward skins, boosts, etc) but if you make it free it doesn't help riot make more money. Finding ways to take away IP is fine, but requiring it to take away from something that makes profit doesn't make sense no matter how much artificial scarcity you have. The two currencies are completely separate and only convert 1 way, Rp to IP though boosts. You don't need any skins, wards or champion, to play a game, and win. So those who elect to buy them spend money. If they were free (IP) then they would lose value since it is a sign of commitment to the game to buy something so frivolous.   Players continue to play because they are either playing ranked and want to climb leagues (which requires 0 currency) or just play casually and maybe want more champs. Impatient ones buy champions with RP and riot makes money. I do not play league because I want more IP. I play ranked for the competition. If I wanted IP I'd just play co-op vs ai dominion and get my daily boost.
1	Furthermore, OOP was saying that this "stupidly aggressive" play style "works"  over time  not "every time." Same idea as how AFKs and trolls actually benefit your Elo over time (5 of 9 sports for the troll exist on the other team.) Sure, it will cause you to lose some games, but it will cause you to win more often.
0	Police to me at like soldiers. I respect them for their sacrifice to do what I would not. To fight an uphill battle against a flawed if not broken system. I judge them based of probability of recruitment techniques to be people who are easier to take advantage mentally and shape and formed into the correct mindset. However I am not stupid enough to assume that a great number of them joined because they want to help people and are of strong enough personal fortitude to resist a societal pressure of Us VS Them.
0	How does this kill someone in the future? This is a simple case of survival of the fittest. Lets compare our immune response to football (American football for our friends overseas). Lets say we are on defense and want to prevent the run game. Additionally, imagine the teams in 1920 uniforms. Our bodies prevent the run by tackling and blocking the runner. Since we're wearing leather padding, we don't hit as hard as we would like to but it is effective even though we may be a bit bruised after the game. The next game, we've learned the offensive plays quite well and block and tackle and take our bruises. The next game, we are sneaky and put on some synthetic padding and a stronger helmet and we start hitting harder. We get less bruised in the end and the other team gets decimated. Well, the other team are not idiots and at the next game they begin to wear stronger padding... and so on and so on. A microscopic arms race ensues. I take time and sit with my patients and try to explain that we didn't start saving lives with antibiotics because of treating colds but by treating dirty wounds and severe illnesses (like pertussis, pneumonia, kidney infections etc). Hell, even the new recommendations for ear infections is to let the body fight it off! The problem is that over the past 40 years, we've come accustomed to going to the doctor's office when we're sick, getting a pill (antibiotic) and then feeling better in 7-10 days. Guess what? The average viral illness last around 7-10 days. In the end, the bacteria get stronger and we struggle to develop ways to counter them.   I also remember reading something about there is no enough R&D in the antibiotic field because of funding. Can someone who is "in the know" expound on that?
0	I said this already in reply to another guy, but considering he's gonna get buried for being a douche bag:   OP - Please take note of HOW you did this. If you walked into a class of 60 seats, with 5 people in it - and plopped yourself right next to the hot girl in class, without saying a fucking word, OF COURSE SHE MOVED! I would've moved too, and I'm a dude. (OK probably not, I've made good friends in college this way, just making my point)   There's a  huge  difference between sitting down silently, and saying even a single word before/after you sit.   Sitting next to someone in a huge room where there's plenty of places to sit is... kind of creepy - ( Edit: if you're not going to make an effort to interact ). It would bother me, it means you want to be CLOSE to another human, but aren't capable of actually interacting with them. It's blatantly obvious that you're sitting there to be next to her (which is  fine , if you  talk ), she's not stupid - she picked up on it. She probably just also picked up on the fact that you weren't going to say a word...   ...but saying "Hey, is this seat taken?", or even just "Hey" after you sit let's her know you're open to conversation, you're not just sitting there to be beside some "piece of ass", and it makes her more comfortable with your presence.
0	As most of you know it is legal in the Netherlands . And i have seen both sides of the story , the one where there is alot of deterioration and the other where the life was ended because of fear of the deterioration .1 was my grandmother on my fathers side who was very religious and had cancer everywhere inside her body basicly .She didnt want to euthanise and ive never witnessed such a gruesome and heartbreaking thing of her last days in bed in my life .THe other 2 persons (my father and grandmother) actually did opt for the euthenasia  and they got to spend the last good days with their family say their goodbyes and when the pain got to much the doctor would give them the morphine .Now dont think that this was easy the doctors have very strict rules about this and the patient has to undergo certain requirements b4 he/she can be euthanised .This is a subject wich i think is another good example of how people get screwed over by religions its a much better option in most cases because it doesnt just safe the dying alot of pain but also for the people who actually need to witness their loved ones in bed .
0	OP it sucks. I shared the same pain. I'm also 19 and one day it just stopped getting hard. And I never even wanted to masterbate. Lost all my libido. It started getting a little hard eventually but I still had no libido. I decided to masterbate to see what would happen. It was very hard for me to work it up, and then it was hard for me to  cum, and when I finally did it wasn't even pleasurable. And like one sperm came out...anyway I went down to the vitamin store and picked up bottle called Herbal Male. Its made by a company called Natures Purest. This has worked wonders. Its a combination of many different herbs into one bottle. Its got horny goat weed, tribulus, ginseng, saw palmetto and a couple other things. All those ingredients are listed to cure ED. And within a week of taking these daily, it cured me. My girl gave me a handjob and there was sperm everywhere. I can easily get hard now and its always pleasurable when I cum. The only thing is I still have extremely low sex drive... Idk how to ever gain my libido back. :/ anyway my point is if anyone is struggling with ED, Herbal Male definitely cured me and I bet it would work on you to.
1	This is why I think riot enforces the smurf accounts. At season 2(when I started) I got into bronze V. Same thing happened season 3, but I was able to climb to silver 1. At preseason 4 I got into gold 3. My other friends that got into bronze V at season 2 gave up on their accounts and used them as smurfs. They made another main and because you're much more skilled than the people you get matchmade with, your mmr will increase. So now they are in plat while I'm in gold 3. After this soft reset, meaning that you do take into account my season 2 and season 3 rating, I have a lower chance of getting gold than my friends that only played one season.
0	It was my first night bartending. I was just moved up from bar back and I was so excited. The pub had been fully rented out for a wedding so we were told to wear white shirts and to look as good as possible. The servers had been busy putting up decorations all afternoon, we had been scrubbing down the bar so everything shined like stars in the night sky. Beautiful. The guests came streaming in, and we set it up like a toonie bar: all drinks were $2 for the guest and the groom was to cover whatever was left. Guests were giving us $5 bills for single glasses of wine, telling us to keep the change. It was great, I was having fun! Got about two hours into it when all hell broke loose. Guests were asking to use the locked handicapped washroom beside the bar, we were confused why no one was using the full washrooms just downstairs. They were recently renovated so they were super nice, all stone tiles, black walls, candles and the like. We asked a manager to check (we were slammed behind the bar, three of us going full tilt). She comes back, white as a ghost and asks me to grab a mop and meet her downstairs. The pipes had backed up beneath the washrooms, ladies first and then it backed up the men's too. Literal shit was oozing out of the floor drains, joined by water pouring out of the toilets. Even the sinks had chunks of nastiness coming back up from whatever watery grave they came from. I was told to start mopping to stay ahead of it, my manager was going to call an emergency plumber. I wadded into the middle of the ladies room with a mop bucket that felt woefully inadequate and started schlepping and schlopping sewer water into my bucket, trying to clean up this mess. The next three hours, in my mind, is just a brown blur, interrupted only by the plumber eventually arriving, putting a snake down our pipes and eventually finding a inflated ball of tampons the size of a volleyball fully plugging our aging building's poor drainage system.  I finished that night smelling like bleach with two ruined shoes. My manager bought me a drink. Thank god.
0	Let me tell you what my girlfriend has successfully been doing for 5 and a half years.   We will be eating at a restaurant and I'll have something with fries or some form of small side.  She will find something random and interesting to me (generally something relating to weather or technology) and then steal a fry.  Well one day we go to Dave and Busters and I order a sandwich and some chips.  Well she shows me how all the fans are powered by a single chain that connects all the fans (it's pretty bad ass).  I look down and sure enough...HALF MY GOD DAMN CHICKEN SANDWICH IS MISSING!  She ate a large amount of my sandwich in the time it took me to check out the fans.  She denies it to this day.
0	you're a fucking dick you do need to relax. it happened cant go back in time and change it now so don't get mad or what ever just relax and get it sorted/clean up. why would you bitch about it and get mad, maybe only if you told him previously to not drink on the new couch.
1	Kayle is one of my favorite champions, and I play most of my ranked games as her. In Season 2, Kayle was extremely versatile, especially in the top lane, and in my opinion, was an amazing support. She could also be used as an ADC to an extent. Since around the beginning of Season 3, people started to realize her potential in Mid Lane, with her 1 to 1 AP ratio on her Q, and her ultimate that countered many burst casters. As such, Riot tweaked her by taking away her MR/Level and adjusting her Q. She then became almost exclusively a Mid Laner, but she could also be played in the jungle effectively with the new jungle items. Not much has changed since then, even with Patch 3.14. But lately I have been playing Kayle as a Top Laner again, to much success. Besides champions with extreme gap closers, such as Pantheon, Jax, or Irelia, Kayle will out-range, out-poke, and out-farm most champions. Her build path is very open-ended, and can be changed to fit most situations, but her core items for me are almost always: Merc Treads, Nashors Tooth, Guinsoos Rageblade, and Hextech Gunblade. If fed: Tri-Force and Wits End. If against AD: Ninja Tabi, Frozen Heart, and Zhonyas. Against AP: Wits End, Banshees Veil.
1	The "I don't like support so I don't need to learn how to play it" attitude is a plague on LoL. What people don't understand is that bot lane is won and lost by the supports not the ADC. The absolute best support to play if you are just learning the role is Taric. He is a support with the ability to go all in and make plays or keep you on life support if you have to play from behind. Lets also not forget the point and click stun which is HUGE when it comes to getting help from a jungler, peeling for your adc in teamfights, catching someone out of position in the pre-fight dance or locking down that annoying katarina that just jumped into your entire team. Next we have wards and map control. Honestly I feel that spamming wards and providing map control to your team outweighs just about all big item buys with the exception of Bulwark (If your jungler is not going to be building it. COMMUNICATE WITH HIM and figure out if its going to be your responsibility!!) Often times in games where I am supporting my build will be philo->either dorans shield if behind or kage's if ahead-> boots/sightstone-> rubystone+mobies and then bulwark if needed but tbh you wont often finish that unless you are really far ahead anyways. Now the important thing is to keep a potion or two and atleast one pink and a green on you at pretty much ALL TIMES during the game. If I go back and cannot afford a component that is going to give me a substantial survivability increase then I am going to spend that 200-300g on wards and a potion or two EVEN IF I HAVE SIGHTSTONE. Keeping a gank route open for your jungler is key if you want to get those all important ganks that lanes tend to cry about also DRAGON CONTROL, DRAGON CONTROL, DRAGON CONTROL!! I stress that because its crucial for you to assist your jungler in keeping sight if not vision on dragon. Often times if you have someone like Vi jungling for you they can sneak that dragon pretty early as long as you have it pinked for them. As the game progresses it becomes paramount that you maintain map control and this is accomplished by spending more on wards and if you feel its safe an oracles is a huge HUGE help as it denies control from the enemy. Finally combat warding is very important. What I mean by combat warding is placing wards in brush that the enemy is trying to use to break vision on you while fighting. Say you are involved in a skirmish near dragon and the enemy tries to run towards blue tri and you + your allies are hot on the trail. Place a ward in tri as soon as you have range so that your teammates can see what they are doing and make a play on it. Since the introduction of sightstone this has become an excellent but underused tactic. Those wards are free guys, spam them during fights because fk it you can just place the ones you spent right back where they were after you have won the fight.   Finally since I see so many of you having issues with junglers not ganking your lanes. You need to keep in mind that a good jungler is going to gank where he sees the highest probability of a successful kill. If you are bot lane and you have not been warding, you don't know where their wards are, you don't have atleast one gank route pinked for him, you are playing a support that brings nothing to assist with ganks ( cough  soraka  cough ) or you rely on him to initiate a gank that jungler is going to steer well clear of your lane. ESPECIALLY if you are feeding. There is no point in trying to save a sinking ship not when you could get your solos rolling instead.   edit: holy shit sorry for the wall of text.
1	I always think it's funny to see a post like this. I (and many other support players with me) usually like Taric's passive. It helps with getting that last bit of mana for that clutch heal/stun, and if you've got a decent grasp on lane flow, attacking minions isn't really a problem; you just have to know when it's okay to do so.   That said, I do agree that Taric's passive can feel a little lackluster when played as a support. While I don't think it needs a change (especially, as other people have pointed out, because he doesn't necessarily need to be played as a support), it might be nice to see something more... Obvious, for lack of a better word. Something that feels more rewarding. Then again, not every champion needs an OP passive.
1	I wish every team acted like Cloud 9   No you don't.   You may think you do- but you don't.  You know why the WWE succeeds?  Believe it or not, it's not because wrestling as a sport is so great.  One word:   drama .  The professional league of legends scene wouldn't be nearly as entertaining or compelling absent the TSM/CLG drama and the EU vs NA arguments.   Even negativity can provide huge entertainment value in some circumstances, and this should never be discounted.  E-sports is in it's absolute infantile stages, and it needs every source of entertainment it can get, including rivalries and drama.  You think Yankees vs RedSox games would still cost DOUBLE if they were ultra mature and respectful to eachother?   If every team was quiet and out of the spotlight like C9, I doubt I'd be as remotely into the playoffs as I am now.
1	I don't know if anyone has mentioned it already but the link at the end of the video to the
0	Yeah I get it.. but what I'm saying, is that maybe employers can attract more talent by being logical. And I'm saying employees can maybe find better jobs that will hire them with the same qualifications that a job that will treat you like an idiot would.   How many times did I get shut out of potential dead end careers by just saying "you know what... I'm not putting up with this". Mind you I had hardship... but it's probably much easier to get a job at McDonalds and never push yourself to a better job if that's the type of mindset we're looking for.
1	Really, you need to keep him from all-in. If you can bait out his E before an engage, your jungler has a small window of opportunity to hank him very effectively and he also loses a good chunk of damage due to his passive.   You either farm to late game with an AD that out scales him or poke/out sustain him.
0	This is how my boyfriend was for a while. He refused to sleep with the fan off, especially since I apparently turn into a furnace.   Problem being that we live in Colorado where it's already really dry, I have a dry mouth and can barely breathe through my nose, and I also had lasik done which causes significant dry eyes.   His fan running caused me to wake up with eyes so dry they had film on 'em and I could barely see. I developed protein build-ups that would scratch my corneas, and even using an eye-drop overnight gel didn't help enough.   On top of this , I would have to wake up every few hours to get a drink of water since my mouth was as dry as my skin and it was painful on my tongue. It caused my teeth to become brittle and can cause long-term tooth decay. It was so bad that my salivary ducts developed a build-up and became plugged. I still have to get them lanced, and they painfully swell up anytime I salivate excessively(like when smelling yummy food).   We also would get regular nose bleeds, the skin on his hands would crack unless he used a ton of Vaseline before bed, and my skin became super greasy to combat the dryness.   He didn't see a problem with any of it until I showed him one of my swollen salivary glands and grossed him out. We finally don't sleep with the fan on, and our humidifier can do its job. lol
1	again: ITS NOT ABOUT RENTING A SERVER OR SPENDING MONEY (riot has job vacancies for over 100 ppl btw)   ITS ABOUT THE HOSTING COMPANIES (that provide internet connection to people) , they can't handle the amount of data riot's servers send/receive
0	Oi! No sensible arguments to be had with the likes of her. A troll in an aging porn star's skin, she is. She'll invite you onto a milf shoot, bite off your cock, and mount it on a pole attached to the flag. She masturbates with the tears of the poor while minorities are forced to read her books aloud. Her vacation home in Mos Eisley has a Sarlacc Pit in the guest bathroom that has a penchant for illegal immigrants and her vagina was the cause of the last ice age. Her stance on abortion is only a clever ruse so that she can consume babies alive so she can cut cancer farts at modern science exhibits. If someone says her name out loud, Voldemort shits himself and Satan locks his car doors. [Sixteen]( people were killed in a flash fire on the ninth floor of the Hartford Hospital in Hartford, Connecticut the day she was born...God had missed the proper hospital and then declared himself an atheist.
0	Just the other day, my Mom asked me if I wanted to go out for supper for my Grandma's birthday. Since I'm a  vegan, I rarely go out to eat, except Thai and Vietnamese places where it's easy to get a meat-free meal without any fuss. Nevertheless, I decided I'd go even though this supper is going to be at a place that pretty much only serves meat. So I decided to call, book the table, and casually inquire about possible meatless / dairy free options.   The Lady informed me that, after speaking to a chef, the only thing they could do for me was a plain salad with Italian dressing. I asked her 'surely, since 26 people ($$$) were coming to this dinner, your chef could throw something together for me? I don't expect much, but something resembling a supper shouldn't be too difficult...' She said no. There's really nothing they can do. She even asks me 'well, how serious are you? You could have a lasagna with tomato sauce...' &#3232;_&#3232;   I ended up booking it anyway, since it's my Grandma's favourite restaurant. Seriously though, what kind of 'chef' can't stir-fry some vegetables over some rice or something. Jeez. Well, I'm going to order that damn salad, and I'm going to follow it up with a PB&J from home, which I will eat with utensils like the classy motherfucker that I am.
0	if any part of your crotch touches her crotch.  any part.  you can get herpes.  this includes the ballsac that slams against her ass as you pump away furiously with your condom covered cock.  the only way you can protect against herpes is via abstinence and even then your wife may have it.
1	Vi is still bugged tbh, dunno how i managed it but just an hour ago i were chasing an Olaf at top lane with someone else (his turret was down), but when i used Q so i could bump into him when his ult had ended, the targettting circle never started growing and i never could cast it. I also couldn't bluepill after this, and if i activated my E i couldn't even autoattack (i could autoattack, if E wasn't active at the moment). Couldn't cast Ult either on anything, just plain no response.   Reconnecting didn't do anything, but after i died (just walked into the next teamfight so i could atleast do something maybe with W procs) the problem vanished.
1	I'll copy-paste a comment I wrote in response to a downvoted comment below. I'll just cut out the part that answered the "MURICA FTW" argument.   << The law in France requires this because English is supremely cool here. Every song, every ad is cooler in english (or at least, it's what it seems to be). In these days of English language supremacy (globalisation blablabla), authorities have a concern that some domains would use too much english (like ads for example). Not because "we're french we talk french goddammit !". Or at least not only. The problem is that every communication agency wants to use english when, as it has been said, we suck major dicks in english, generally speaking. As an educated student who's fluent in english, I'm the first to be annoyed by this fact, but hey, c'est la vie. Then, if all ad companies used English, the problem is that not even a third of the citizens would understand the ad. Or, worse, they would understand it wrong, leading to legal problems (basically, ads using people's ignorance to abuse their trust). It's all related to the clarity and straightforwardness of the ad, to avoid legal concerns.
1	First serious multiplayer game was Adventure Quest and Adventure Quest worlds. I was always max rank/highest gear, grinding hours and hours for rare loot etc. 3 years on Artix Entertainment franchise, then I got a console and switched to COD at the release of Black ops, I played at least 10 hours a day of CoD and I took Black ops 2 to a whole new level, nearly 2.5k hours on Black Ops 2. Also hit Prestige  Master first 3 months of release then got reset cuz some stupid glitches...sigh, 2 months again prestige master. I was also one of the first to hit Masters in League Play..Played a chronic shit ton of CoD then Around 500 hours on TF2, Loved the game, Got banned off secure servers for abusing the fuck out of glitches :'( rip 900$ inventory, Then played a game made by WildShadow (Now owned by Kabam) called Realm of The Mad God, or RoTMG for short, Played since release of that game up until like 2013, Started league when it came to the OCE servers, Stopped playing until august 2013, then I started playing again near the end of season 3...Now I play league alot, but only casually with friends..after Black Ops 2 (and a fuckload of MW2...didn't really like it)   ranked I realised that my Rank practically means nothing unless I go into competitive gaming...So I just gave up on tryharding/grinding for ranked and just play League casually..
0	Nobody in KC expected the Royals to go as far as they did last year and most of the people I've talked to aren't bitter about the Giant's win at all.  They were truly thankful to get as far as they did and don't hold any animosity whatsoever.  Bumgarner was simply too good of a pitcher for us and most rational people recognize that.  You might get some good natured teasing for wearing Giant's gear but nobody but a real asshole is going to try and fight you about it.   This is going to be kind of a hodgepodge so bear with me.   I helped my mom buy a house earlier in the year and while she paid cash the process was similar.  Tax breaks for owning your own home are: You can deduct property taxes, mortgage insurance and mortgage interest you paid.  I found this all out from the IRS website from the instructions on itemizing deductions.  A lot of the loan stuff I did learn just by googling.  Bankrate.com has a lot of useful information and so does investopedia.com   If you aren't already, sign up for creditkarma.com so you can track your credit score (you can also request your three reports once a year for free at annualcreditreport.com).  Also some cards will show you your credit score (Discover shows FICO for example).  A lot of what I learned about credit I learned from googling as well though creditkarma does a pretty darn good job of explaining what goes into your credit report.  This is really important (as you probably already know) and most banks will auto reject an application with a score below 600.   FHA is a type of government guaranteed loan.  They require you to pay mortgage insurance on top of your actual house payment which isn't needed if you actually put 20% down.  Non FHA loans typically require the 20% downpayment, especially since the housing bubble burst.   As far as the loan itself goes, you'll first be pre qualified for a certain amount.  This is basically saying, "Hey, we might or might not give you x dollars for a house" based on the information about your job, debts, etc.  Next, they'll do an actual credit check and some more information gathering before either rejecting you or offering you a pre-approval for the loan.  A pre-approval isn't necessarily a guarantee but it's pretty darn close.  I think only like 4 or 5% of people who are pre-approved ultimately end up getting rejected.  Most real estate agents won't even show you a house without the pre-approval.  I think I remember my whole process from application to pre-approval in less than 24 hours.   At this stage, I recommend you get a realtor.  It costs you nothing since he or she will take their commission out of the sale price of the house.  The seller will pay it and you get someone who knows how the game is played and who will fight for you.  They know the entire process back to front.  Your realtor wants you to be happy because they want you to refer your friend to them.   Buying the house itself, it's important to not be in a hurry to do it.  My mom did and she's miserable and lived there less than a year.  You'll know when you walk in the front door whether or not the house is for you.  The house I ended up with was third on my list when I looked online but I instantly loved it when I walked in.  Don't fall in love so hard that you overlook stuff that's a problem.  Strive for the middle ground between the two.  If you know somebody who does DIY, take them along and they should help to spot potential problems.   Once you decide on a house, the real fun begins.  You'll make an offer.  They might accept, counter or reject.  This can go on repeatedly.  You'll likely not sleep until you agree on a price (or move on).  You'll also both agree on a closing date and what closing costs will be paid by whom.  You'll put down an amount of cash called Earnest Money (this will go towards your downpayment). that shows you're serious about buying.  Some people don't like home inspections but FHA requires them (and they are unbelievably picky about some things) and I generally think they're a good idea (I got a brand new roof out of it so I may be biased).  Once the inspection is done a couple of different you and the seller will have to work out who will fix what and the details.  Obviously you as the buyer need to know where your line is.  My house had one major thing wrong (the roof) and lots of little shit here and there so my line was if they replace the roof, I'll fix everything else since I could do it all myself.  This will probably take more negotiation between you and the seller (done through your agents, you'll likely never lay eyes on each other).  If you and the seller agree on this then you are considered under contract.  Note that up until this point either one of you can pack up your ball and go home without any penalty but once you are under contract, that's it.   The closing is where you will officially legally take possession of the house.  Prior to closing, your loan officer will get the final approval for your loan and may get some more information from you.  You should also do a walkthrough with your realtor to verify that the seller fixed the things they said they would.  On closing day, you'll go sit with your loan officer to sign all the paperwork and trust me, there's a ton of it.  You'll also pay any closing costs you owe which is basically just a lot of administrative costs (cost of a credit check, processing fees, etc.)  Once that's done, you'll get the keys.  If you're like me, you'll also go home and have the best night of sleep you've had in months.  It's an exciting process but it is exhausting and nerve wracking.   Just a quick note on how the mortgage payments work and whats built into them.  Your mortgage payment, depending on the type of loan will contain the actual house payment, mortgage insurance (if required) and a portion of the property tax.  Mortgage payments are also paid in what's called arrears meaning you pay for the previous month not the next month like rent.  At closing, you'll (or the seller) will pay enough in to cover to the end of the month and then you will not have a payment until a month after that.  For example, I closed on October 15th so I didn't have a mortgage payment due until December 1st.   Hope this helps.
0	I once had a loaf with an odd number. I kept the last slice and bought a new loaf. As it neared the end, it became obvious that that loaf was odd as well. When the time came, I made a sandwich with the two final slices. It was probably one of the proudest moments of my life.
0	Run away, run away now!  I did this for about 2 years.  Okay, its not as bad as it sounds.  The girl was dating a friend of mine in college, and he lived down the hall.  My buddy studied a lot and I slacked along with his GF.  She would get bored and would come and hang out with me.  Sure, I wanted her, but I wouldnt do anything with a friends GF.  The three of us hung out a ton also.   They ended up breaking up over the summer.  The following year at school she started to come around 5-6 days a week.  We would chill, watch our favorite shows, eat, drink... it was like dating minus the physical.. sort of.  When we would watch TV she would cuddle.  Sometimes half her body on me, or just her head.  It was nice, until it wasnt.  During this time she was also dating another guy who I didnt know who was from her hometown.  So once again, I didnt try anything.   Finally around a time she broke up with him, I thought it was my chance.  We were very open around each other and had talked about everything, except for us hooking up.  We had both changed with the other in the room, it was... odd in hindsight.  Not too long later we are drinking together and a guy down the hall invites himself.  I never liked the guy.  So its the 3 of us.  I know she is newly single and was planning on saying something soon ( even though i probably would have flaked).  So the 3 of us akwardly drink and then she wants to go home but its late.  I say I would walk her, which isnt out of the norm but then she says the other guy will do it.  She insists its him.  Well, they screwed each other.   After that I stopped talking to her often, she didnt come around as much.  Sure there was the whole, im sorry, i didnt know i was hurting you phase, but i really didnt believe it.  I knew from the beginning this girl was broken but ignored it.  The following year (now my junior year) I am walking home from a party on welcome week.  I had decided I would hang out with her after she had called.  I call her back and she is already at my house...   I get there and the reason she was there is because she was screwing that guy again.  The guy i didnt like before ended up being on of 9 roommates i had for the remainder of college.   I still remember her walking down the stairs looking at me, and me asking what the hell she was doing there.  She said she was there too see my roommate.  I asked WHY?  She said," because he will play with me."  At the point I didnt know if I should cry or scream.  I just sat there, blank faced.  She went upstairs and I think I saw her a total of 3 times over the next two year.
0	I was in college and got assigned a persuasive argument essay about the Lizzy Borden case. My professor started by telling us that the case was unsolvable because there was missing evidence. During a progress meeting, she asked me how I was leaning. I said that I was planning to write the essay saying that I had no opinion because there wasn't enough information to formulate one. She retorted that this was unacceptable.   I wrote the essay saying that the burden of proof was on the accusers and not the defense and that she should have been found not guilty because of it.
1	Well, the crucially core item is Iceborne gauntlet, honestly past that you are pretty much free to do whatever u want.(I like rushing cdr and using my mana regen/5 runes with beef jungle mastery)   Recommended spirit visage   Cinderhulk is not crucial, its good, but honestly i rush gauntlet and after that i have no sustain or clear issues.   NA: thatismyfeet
1	Alot of people seemed to get bored by Monte defending himself. Although I think he took too much time defending himself, I totally understand that he wanted to. Because if someone with a pretty decent following (Reginald) just 'spews garbage' on your persona or your profession most humans would feel insulted. I also think that alot of people just can't separate the two things that are going on right now:   1)  Monte is a coach is partially responsible for the recent clg results and therefore his position should be evaluated after the season.  This point is completely valid. There have been things going wrong in the clg camp. He always said his remote coaching wasn't ideal, and he also admits being responsible for the recent results. We will probably hear about the consequences after the season is completely over.   2)  Monte does nothing. He doesn't coach, he only talks shit.   I can't believe not more people stand up for him in this case. This just feels so wrong. I personally don't feel like he's that trash talky at all, but I guess you can have different opinions on that. But then still I feel like that shouldn't have anything to do with him as a coach for clg. When people say things like 'Well if you talk shit, you can get shit', that doesn't mean you can just go around and spout garbage. If Monte talks shit (which I think is pretty limited, or might not be qualified as trash talk by all) it usually is based on statistics (like voyboy being middle of the pack, amazing's small champion pool, LMQ scrims). Sure he makes mistake and analyze things the wrong way, or misses out on a upward swing of teams he previously down talked. But he's in no way as malicious or as evil as some people make it out to be.
0	I tried to be smart and put my username as my full name.  Little did I know, it changed my name on my gmail account as well. So all my important emails were going out as my username which was not at all professional to say the least.  I didnt even realize it until one of my co-workers laughed and pointed it out to me.  I am back to using my real name on youtube and havent posted a comment since :(
1	What bronze are you in, my experience is the complete opposite. I ended last season in silver and prayed I would get back in quickly.   I find it difficult to do so when a team gives up and spews negativity from minute 6 because someone died. A dragon steal and suddenly the game is over and nothing will bring it back.   My experience in bronze is people use it as an anger therapist, instantly raging at anything slightly bad, then keeps spamming negative things till the eventual loss. Last season was a breeze compared to this season, people think they are J K rowling and will stop mid team fight to type "noob" or /all report this insert champion for troll.   Thats another thing that grinds my shit, people who instantly think you are trolling for some reason, its like they are on auto pilot.   > shaco top, dies to a gank level 4 because he was pushed slightly too far, because he isn't a conventional top lane pick he MUST be a troll pick right, RIGHT   ^^ that mentallity fucks me off with people in this division, if people stopped typing a fucking thesis after a death while we are trying to regroup we might not do as badly, we might have 10 extra seconds to rotate to a tower to take/defend.
0	Ouch. My co-workers and I have been wondering for a while if they're trying to get the full timers who've been there a long time to quit or retire early. There's just been too many people transferred from one department to another without the associate having any say in it. It just seems like they want them to fail. For example, moving an older gentleman who used to be an electrician from electrical to appliances to hardware.
0	I find you get the best results the more enthusiastic you are also. I always tell my guy how much I love his cock before I go down on him. I like to be a bit of a tease and kiss his whole body on my way down then run my tongue along his cock making it extremely wet. I also love looking at my guy with his cock still in my mouth to see how much he's enjoying it. I ALWAYS use my hands during a blow job. They are either on his shaft, balls, grabbing his ass or touching myself. I also have found that guys are more responsive the more you focus on the tip. I like to wiggle my tongue a bit or move it up and down the bottom of the tip while I suck, guys seem to love it but I don't know for sure if they do.
1	Currently, in order to get the FWotD bonus I have to win a game everyday (or every 22 hours, to be exact). In order to maximize my IP gains from this bonus, I have to log in and win a game every single day.   If it was reset at a specifc time (let's say, 8pm) I could log in on a Monday at 7pm and get the FWotD bonus and then play again at 8:05 and get another FWotD bonus (Tuesday's bonus). I wouldn't need to log in and play again until Wednesday at 7pm to still be maximizing my IP gains.   Riot would like you to log in and play their game once every day rather than twice every other day. Something to do with psychology and "attach rates" and whatnot.
0	Where I went to college, we were made to take the elevator to all floors. Yes it was very inconvenient, and I hated to be that guy who had to ride the elevator to the second floor (actually it was the third floor of the building, but it was labeled 2. the real second floor was the maintenance/security floor). They called the police one time when I used the stairs, because they thought someone was breaking into the building, luckily I knew the dean and it didn't take long to get straightened out. Sometimes policy dictates what you do even if it doesn't make sense.
1	That is hardly proof, they cite no source for saying he made it after the accident and the lore of Wukong does not indicate in any way that it is a new weapon created, only that it was given to Wukong by Doran and that it is a masterpiece.   In fact Wukongs lore hints at this weapon from being before the accident as it is written like this. >...gave him a weapon suited to his unusual nature - an enchanted staff that the young Doran had crafted. The weapon was an unrivalled masterpiece.   The way it is phrased hints, if at anything, at the staff being crafted BEFORE the accident as it was crafted by "the young" Doran. It is definitely not proof of this, but there is no proof of the opposite either. I just draw my conclusion from the fact that he before the accident was brilliant enough to be invited to the league of legends into a position of master artifiser, you don't do that on a hope he can be great, you are gonna want to look at already created masterpieces.   It is far more likely that Doran created the staff before the accident as one of his masterpieces, than that he now creates simple items and then an unrivaled masterpiece.
1	Honestly I was pretty annoyed with Elementz as well. Everything he said was justifying what happened and he contradicted himself so many times. He would compliment aggressive play when it worked out and talk bad about it when it didn't. When in reality it's a risk vs reward situation.
1	MLG has been doing an amazing job running it's tournaments since Columbus in 2011. In regards to stream issues and other issues they have had, those issues were pretty much non existent since Columbus which was 4 MLGs ago not counting this one. Since Columbus they have also been improving in many different ways one tournament at a time.   SC2 is a big part of why MLG is where they are at now, because the community helped shape it better and better through player and community input. The last LOL tournament at MLG was completely riot's fault for not having the spectator mode working. So far though this MLG has been great for LOL and I hope that it'll grow into one of the most respectable tournaments for the community like it is for SC2.   MLG is still testing the waters with LOL since the first tournament was an absolute disaster on Riot's part, they weren't fully convinced yet that it has the potential to be an MLG title. However, I'm sure this weekend's tournament will change that perspective around and starting in 2012 we can start to expect seeing more teams from all around the world showing up, for a more interesting bracket and experience overall.
1	I know there are many Riot employees who check Reddit and we should show them how much we appreciate their work. I'm not saying we aren't, I'm actually very satisfied with the comments on this topic about the servers being down. But it seems that The official forums are getting flooded by spoiled kids who always get what they want.
1	Your team shouldn't ignore your opinion and force you into something. They should have settled this down with Uzi before going into the match. Forcing him into something, while he is not accepting it, won't help.   Even if he played Lucian, he will suck anyway. Why? Cause you are forced into doing something you may hate.   Let's take an extreme example: "Your boss "ask" you to lick the toilet clean. You refuse, and he fires you?"   If Uzi is a Vayne player, and you take him to your team, then you should know this, and should communicate about what is good for the team, what is every1 wanting, and what Uzi wants. If it doesn't work, and Uzi/team refused to adapt, then changes are there to made.
0	I don't think this is just about women.. But i will say talking about your problems isn't about getting answers. It truly is about venting and having someone listening and trying to relate. I think its completely rude to give advice to someone assuming they need it, and that they can't solve them on their own, and that them telling you about them is somehow seeking someone else to fix things for you instead of just having someone to talk to and not feel so alone in your troubles.
1	Im not sure either, but I think the main point was that there were random ping jumps in the game which made the experience worse, and it was annoying that they had to wait 10-60 minutes just to find a match and then in the match they had random ping jumps.
1	I+m 100% with you bro, I'm gold II now and probably 80% duoq bot lanes not only lose, but feed enemy botlane a lot, and I'm not even joking. I can't even remember the last duoq bot that went well for my team, while I remember at least 6 different duoqs I've had in the last week, that fed horrifically. I've came to the conclusion that they are not particularly good, but think that they can own the enemy bot by simply being in a duoq, and they engage on them over and over, regardless the fact they lost the last 5 trades/fights, without even thinking of the outcome, so the combination of lack of skill, unreasonably high confidence, lower mmr than enemies and not thinking (cause of unreasonably high confidence) makes for a feeding lane.   Most of these lanes don't even try to play safe, they don't ward, even when pushing! Ofcourse, they blame the loss on their jungler who couldn't gank their imossibly pushed lane. They always get the bot lane because they spam "we are premade, let us bot"  in champ select, and after all the shennanigans and pushing the lane without wards, your support or skill, versus a blitzcrank and a jungler, they have the nerve to flame, blame, rage and sh*t on everyone else because they can't accept how horrifically bad they are.   On the other hand, duoqs with partners in separate lanes, which rely on both of them knowing each other will play good/wont feed (usually on good past expiriences with them), tent to do quite well.
1	This is a great interview. Most interviews we get are rushed and don't provide things we don't already know. You asked solid questions and got Krepo to respond accordingly.   Remember: It's not the players, it's the questions you ask. If you ask players "Fuck, Marry, Kill" you can't expect them to take things seriously. If you ask them about inter-squad drama and personal relationships they're going to react the same way athletes do when reporters ask them dumb ass questions.
1	I have a similar issue. While I don't usually have anxiety issues, I have for whatever reason been having issues lately, with shaky hands and what not. Some dos-and-don'ts that I found help.   Do : Make yourself comfortable. I like to listen to  this .   Now for the don'ts. Don't drink too much pop. The sugar and caffeine will not help you to stay calm. Also, if you are feeling tense don't keep playing. The added anxiey you get from going on a losing streak won't help your nerves. [Here is a a link to a video]( describing why people go on losing streaks in games, but it can mostly be summed up to "going on tilt". If you want to play, but are feeling tense about a match, do an aram or dominion. Or just do a custom match and practice things such as Last hitting creeps or try hitting an [Insec]( on the A.I.  Hope this helps, and good luck in the future.
0	I got yelled at for reading as a child, both because I 'read too much' and because of the subject content. (My parents were ultra religious.) I'd sneak books outside during recess so I could hide in a corner and read instead of running around. This earned me quite a few 'red cards'. When I reached middle school, my parents made me go outside and play during the summer - on the days they were home, anyhow - and wouldn't let me take books. So I'd 'go to the park', which happened to be pretty close to the library, and just read all day long. Then when it was time to go home I'd check out even more books, sneak them to my room, and wait until my parents went back to sleep. Then I'd turn my light back on and read until three or four in the morning.
1	There needs to be a reporting option of "this person told someone else to kill themselves" which if true merits and instant permaban.   I say that every one of these reports goes directly to Riot, where the text from the game in question (and possibly pre and post game chat as well) gets screened by an employee. If the claim is true and there was a declaration that someone ought to kill themselves, that player is immediately banned for life. But in order to prevent the inevitable abuse of this tool, a false report is punished by an immediate weeklong ban.   While this tool wouldn't be realistic in all reporting situations, one would hope that the number of cases of this occurring would be small enough that an employee or 2 could handle the screening process. It would be a massive step towards improving the community and potentially save lives.   If this were to be instituted, I also believe summoners should be forewarned of the change to avoid any potential jokes between premade groups going wrong.
1	Because Riot doesn't have to answer to any promises they've made. I think it's rather smart, as a company who is slow on all forms of development, to not make promises as the Compendium does. I feel like if they TOLD people explicitly who/what/when/where/why, they would deliver.   For example, they only say what the next champion is, not when they'll be released. They only say there is a replay system in the works, and try to give a really far off guesstimate (probably in hopes we'd forget.)   Not trying to excuse Riot's downfalls, just pointing out that not every company has to work the same in order to have community acceptance.   Plus, Valve is a much older company than Riot. We're approaching Riot's sixth year(?) as a video game producer. It's hard to get mad at a company which, despite all its money, is yet to find it's footing. I'm pretty sure Riot is moving its HQ into a much bigger, better complex within the next two years or so, probably to expand its departments to improve its efficiency.
1	Oh I'm the arrogant asshole, I'm just saying how the US does their shit. the arrogant asshole would be the op and you suggesting that they did things that are done in europe.   oh and not once did i say they're pushing their idea, they're just doing what every sports league in NA does it, stay mad little boy.
0	I recommend reading Breaking Through. It's a short piece of non-fiction about a guy who was blind at a very young age, and through new medicine had his vision restored. He goes into detail about the mechanics of vision and how most of the important parts are due to your brain (and how he hadn't developed those parts correctly so he had lots of difficulties ).   Anyway, the point is that binocular vision is only responsible for depth perception up to like a couple yards. Anything further and it's all parallax and experience. Thus, 3D effects are a gimmick, but actually make things look more unrealistic. It's why it's so effective in fantasy settings, since you're already suspending your disbelief. You'll never see 3D in a rom-com or piece of non-fiction.
1	No offence to saint, link, or any other streamer/pro who goes through the patch notes. But the
1	Not sure why Riot refuses to global ban champions in both solo queue and competitive play. If a champion reaches a certain ban rate clearly there's something wrong with the design. 6 bans is pretty pathetic for 117 champs as is. Add in the fact that red side is forced to ban Kassadin they may as well have 2 bans per game.
0	When I was a young, maybe about 10 years old I was in music class in school and was asked to take some duct tape off an extension cord on the floor. It was near Christmas time and I had a delicious candy cane I had in fact sharpened into a death spike.   Well I went to pull the tape off the cord, my hand slipped and hit the candy cane death spike that was in my mouth, driving it about an inch into the roof of my mouth. Immediately blood was pouring out of my mouth and the principle rushed me to the hospital.
0	I was accused of cheating in my Linear Algebra class by my professor when he noticed an error in computation. He chalked it up to me getting it wrong because I was copying from someone. One error. One integer wrong in a matrix and he called me out in front of the class for cheating. Asked me if I wanted to see the Dean. I finished my final exam first. Stopped. Looked around. Looked at the prof and turned in my exam while DOGGING THE SHIT out of that mother fucker. I passed the class. The asshole in front of me was using his phone to cheat on the final. Fuck that teacher.
1	wow. I see Doublelift leaves the stream with "emergency" on the screen, and I think to myself, "I wonder what happened? hmm. Maybe Reddit will know."
0	You laugh, but I sorta did that: met this girl, geeky, pretty. Went out on two dates, hooked up on the second date, didn't wear a rubber, second time we hooked up, I asked her if she was on the pill, she wasn't, and we both didn't care as we loved each other. Two months later, she was pregnant. Four months later, we moved in together. A year after giving birth, we break up and move our separate ways.  Moral of the story: get to know your girl before knocking her up, you don't know how crazy she is in a few days, weeks or months.
1	I think that post was pretty vague to claim that.  There's no proof that "3 minutes of the game, my top, mid and jungle were AFK" (too easy to fabricate to simple make a point) and that he didn't already have 2 or 3 deaths.   I've played games with an eve where no one has said a thing. I think the real problem is- people need to do it right and carefully or not at all.   The problem isn't that the stealth changes aren't here, it's that people pick eve. You can still do well as eve, but the game has still changed A LOT from when she had a stun. Twitch can be viable, it's not the stealth mechanic- it's the baddies who don't understand how to play her.   On a last argument I've seen in the comments- disabling her would be stupid, and a bad decision based on what Riot believes in and strives to do.
1	If they weren't banned, I saw Hecarim, Zed, Ali, Fizz, and Ezreal in every single one of my URF games. At least one, or more of those champs were in my games.   I agree that it's good that it's going away (not permanently I hope), people who chose those champions were always the ones who'd be toxic and whatnot in all chat, or if they were my teammates, they'd complain about others "feeding" and even threaten to go afk. I hope this was a good purge in terms of toxic players, because I've reported A LOT more than I usually do. I never report for bad plays, feeding when it's not on purpose, etc. But if they bash in all, or bash on their teammates, they are getting a report.
1	Let's show them what content we want and do not want !   What if I want that person to make the racist joke? Now you know the problem. Since when have people  not  up/downvoted according to what they want? That's not even what it's supposed to be used for. It's for keeping the discussion relevant, not for upvoting the left and downvoting the right. Yet, that's what happens. People view the votes as agree/disagree buttons.   And since people are already using voting for what you say it should be used for, the answer to your question:   >why do we keep upvoting those things?   is because that's what reddit wants to see.   You think that those posts get accidentally upvoted? Or that you're upvoting them but you don't want to? I'll have what you're having. It's not like you upvote a racist comment, then do a double take and realize that what you did was bad. You may have noticed that I used "you" a lot in this comment. That's because you have the audacity to use "we" and "our" in your comment, implying that you are part of the group of people who "keep[s] upvoting those things." So, why did  you  keep upvoting those racist jokes? Or did you not, because it wasn't what you wanted to see? If you can answer those questions, then you have the answer to your own question.   ^
0	R/circlejerk is that way ---> What people are expressing is shock and horror, not indignation. Your inability to empathize with people's emotions is as sad as your post.
1	Im sorry but I dpnt understand all the flak curse is getting.  Are the amazing? No.  But consider their players.  Saint is in a relatively new role of course he is going to have issues for a while. Voy is in the same situation going from top to mid.  IWD was out of the scene for about a year. Thats a huge amount of time to skip playing at a pro level.  And Quas is new to the pro scene altogether iiRC.  Cop is the only one in a comfortable spot.  There will be growing pains.  TSM and C9 are doing good because they are exactly where they were last summer except Bjerg, who was a world class mid last year, just not with TSM.   As a proud curse fan, I have 100% faith my team and all 5 players will improve throughout the split.  There have definitely been flashes of greatness to go with the bad.
0	This is so cliche, but also true. It's not about winning or losing,  but how you play the game. There's an old adage: "I can learn more from playing with someone for an hour than working with them for a decade. " So, basically, it's more important to spend the time with someone to play the game, then worry about who wins. The game is just a chance to form a bond with another person.
0	I think my favorite picture of my sister is when we left her unattended with a yogurt in her high chair seat. It was all over her face, in her frizzed out, Don King hair, her chubby arms and body, diaper, the high chair tray. Everywhere. She looked like a Jackson Pollock masterpiece. Of course she was messy, but I never thought of it as gross. Messes are going to happen, especially with children. My mom didn't think it was gross either, she just took pictures of my sister in her yogurt heaven, took her out and gave her a bath.   In fact, my mom encouraged us to get messy from time to time. We'd have a "mud" day in our back yard, when we'd get into our grungiest clothes once a week, and play in a dirt patch that grass wouldn't grow in, while my mom mixed in water so we could make pies, feel it squidge in between our toes…and then she'd hose us off, and we'd be clean and fit for indoors again.
0	I once volunteered to help my (now wife's) elderly coworker hook up his computer to his tv. I had ordered the cable online and sent it to him, but he couldn't figure it out. So while she did something else I went over to meet him for first time and take care of it. Sweetest old man in the "shuffling slippers" era of oldmandom. Couldn't figure out how to turn his tv to the correct input so I started testing the others. For some reason, possibly payback for my youth as an unsufferable dick, when I finally got the dvd player input figured out it began autoplaying: a closeup of the moment right before penetration as the guy is "teasing" by rubbing filled the screen. I couldn't hit 'power' fast enough. Tried to play it off as "ok, so that's the dvd player, so how about this other one". Made so much more sense when I turned his computer on to find 20 toolbars all from shady sites.   I debated telling my wife and forever ruining her image of this man, but someone had to know what I had just been thru.
0	No one has to read or respond to this...it's more a personal vent than anything.   I read the comments and noticed the similarities to my own problems. Wishing ill will just for a reason to feel. The cycles of happiness and sadness. Etc. For me though, it's started to develop a fear of happiness. When I actually get to talk to people (night shift doesn't help), I worry because I know as soon as I'm alone again, I'm going to rebound...hard. I'll wish I never existed, wish that someone could help, wish that I hadn't had that interaction so I wouldn't have to feel this way now.   Since this all started when I was six...ish, I like to fool myself into thinking I've come up with a solution. I hide all my depression, never showing it and putting up a split second facade the second anyone notices. "I'm not feeling well." "I barely got any sleep." The sleep thing works cuz I have something similar to P.O.T.S...or so my mother says. I never got examined. Meanwhile, I'm just silently screaming in my head for someone to help, hoping that one person that isn't on the other side of a computer can hear my thoughts, know that everything is not ok, and just magically know how to help. I don't want to say anything though...and be a burden. I tell myself all the time I have no reason to feel like this. I'm able to live off my job (when I'm not calling in 'sick' just because I can't will myself to leave my room), I'm living with my best friend and one of his friends for two years now and we haven't had any major issues...though since I moved to the other side of the state, they are the only two friends I have.   It doesn't help that my best friend has his girlfriend over every day, giggling and tickling and cooking multi-course meals while I'm trying to sleep....meanwhile I've been alone my whole life, only managing to have one 'good' friend at a time. I've never even been on an official date. Every day I have to see them together and just wish I could be lucky enough to have someone that cares about me like that...and not just because I look like Harry Potter. He's always complaining about his lack of money....as he spends it on his second $200 trench coat and buying all the food for the multi-course meals his high class girlfriend wants. On the flip side the other roommate is a horn dog, having slept with at least 5 different girls just in our apartment over the last two years. Once again while I have nothing...always being the third or fifth wheel in my own home.   I don't go anywhere. People always say I should get out more since I don't know the area. My apartment and retail job 8 minutes away. I buy food there so no need to go anywhere else. Since I don't know where to go or have anyone to go with, there's no need to travel. I visit family but they're 3 hours away by car so I don't visit often, especially because my house is so stressful and I have to stay up 30+ hours on the first day, getting out of overnight work, packing, driving out there, then spending the whole day with them.   My family knows about my issues since every single person on my mothers side has it. My dad is a tough man so I'd never dare turn to him for help, especially since he doesn't understand it at all. My mothers solution is just lots and lots of pills, which I don't like. I tried for a bit and it just made me feel....empty...but I was self conscious of it...knowing I was supposed to feel something, or anything, but instead I was a blank slate. The nervous breakdown from taking the pills in the wrong order one time didn't help matters. Plus seeing my younger sisters get pain medicine hand delivered EVERY day throughout elementary school for 'headaches' disgusted me...   I think that's it...so
1	The reason EU lost is because they put too much value into individual play. They were cocky and in the pre-game talked about NA's lack of individual skill. League of Legends is a team game and NA had the better synergy and overall team play. If you go into the game thinking your individual skill will carry you to a victory over proper team play you have the following results.   Many solo queue and up and coming teams can learn a lot from these two games. Like many things in life. When you put your ego aside and play for the team only then will you find success.
0	YES! I am a server at a steakhouse and have been for almost 2 years (yes that's not insanely long, but I work 4-5 days a week and that many tables add's up.)  Whenever I train a new person, I always get suggested a way to do things.  Then I will politely tell them/show them why this will not work.  Or if it happens to be a good idea, I will start using that method of whatever they may be talking about.  But when someone comes in on their 3rd day of training, and thinks they know their shit and try's to "boss me around" it's just annoying.  I generally let them do what they want to do and they end up dropping a tray of food or forgetting someones order.  After all, failure can be a good learning tool.
1	I think it will give phage it's slow back and revert frozen mallet's build path. Also don't even bother taking flash... Force of nature will return and warmogs will gain stats from csing just like old bloodthirster, which, by the way, will also get its old passive added onto the current shield one.
0	Literally the only time I have ever been offended by a customer.   I'm in college, finals week was the past week. It was a Saturday around 6 and I had been working since 9. Saturday is our really busy day because we aren't open Sunday. It was slowing down and so I decided to sit down.   Well a woman comes up and she asks me "Do you guys have field hockey balls?" I replied with "Yes ma'am. They are right over there." And I pointed not but 10 feet away. She said, and I kid you not, "Well get off your ass and show me". I was reluctant but I did so. I went over and showed her and she asked how much they were. I said "they are either 2.99 or 3.49 let me check for you" (we sell 50 different kinds of balls all with different prices so we get mixed up some) she replied with "yeah why don't you go do that?".   I came back and I said "good news, they are 2.99 not 3.49" she said "oh so you were trying to overcharge me?" I immediately said no I just forgot the price. My boss then comes out front. He had dealt with her a couple days ago. She was difficult to him but not nearly as rude and disrespectful as she was being to me.   She then starts to brag to him about her war victory. What I mean is she recited our conversation back to him. Complete with "And he pointed over there like I was some dog so I told him to get off his ass and show me". That's where I almost lost it. I stood up really quickly and she could tell I was visibly disturbed. My boss (an amazing guy) stepped between us and turned to me. He whispered in my ear "go to the back, I'll come to get you when she is gone." Just to try and diffuse the situation. I was a little mad he didn't tell her off then.   Turns out, once I was in back, he told her if she didn't apologize to me, she wouldn't be allowed back in our store again.   I came back out and she mustered the shittiest apology ever. It started with something like "you've just had to deal with me for 5 minutes. Imagine what my husband puts up with"   It took all of my self control to not say something along the lines of or variation of "Well your husband is a better man than me. I woulda beat the shit out of you long ago."   I haven't seen her since. I told my mom about her and she said if I see her again to just put her in her place.
0	internet marketer here. the reason the facebook ads are on there is because facebook is a known website and has a very common, "trustworthy" branding. even though reddit people wouldn't fall for it, there definetely can be an increase in click through rate on ads when implementing this style versus another style. ads on porn sites are charged on a CPM basis, so we are charged everytime the ad is shown 1,000 times, so it's best for the ad to get the most clicks as possible.
0	it really depends on the university.   I've taken classes at UC Berkeley, Cal State East bay, and Diablo Valley junior college.   Most professors at large, well respected universities like Berkley think that they're hot shit. they almost never respond to students and rarely show up for their posted office hours.   at Cal State East Bay, bring a mid level school, you had a mix of professors that were full of themselves, and others that actually gave a shit about their students, responding accordingly.   Junior colleges are even more helpful. professors there tend to be extremely supportive of students and will bend over backwards to help them out of they need it.
0	Tell me about it. Should have just said.....
1	The practice of "bookending" a new series or not as well known series after an established one has been around in the media for a long time now. You don't want to take a show that is unknown and that people aren't sure of and put it in front of your money maker. If people tuned in expecting LCS-level plays and the Challenger game was a stomp, they would think "Oh, are all the games like this?" and turn it off before they got to the main stage.
0	cold hard facts   Ok, I laughed. If Reddit has taught me anything, it's that people can make themselves believe anything.   > Even so, it still isn't legal to infinitely detain citizens, as it wouldn't hold up in court, as the law violates the Constitution.   Your argument doesn't work - you have laws in place that are going against the Constitution as it is - in fact the final quote you replied to - I'm sure the killing of a US citizen without due process goes against the constitution - It runs contrary to constitutional guarantees protecting persons accused of crimes. So please explain to me how this is a 'cold hard fact'   >> One does not simply refuse to assassinate American citizens without due process.   > Are you suggesting that we should have arrested Awlaki? Why didn't we think of that with Bin Laden, too?!   Are you suggeting you are in favour of the assassination of US citizens without due process? Quite interesting.
1	Honestly, Dyrus gets the most viewers because of a mash-up of all the things you said and what others have said.   LoL is 10 times more popular than any other current game out there, and that's why LoL streams get all the viewers. Dyrus might have a monotone voice, and he's not the best, but he is a consistent streamer, therefore building up a fan base. TSM has tons more fans than just the people that watch him, but 9 times out of 10 he's the only TSM player streaming, which makes all the TSM fans flock to him. After CLG has proven time and time again that they're all douche bags and ass holes, they kind of stopped streaming, and even if they did not many would watch them.   There are tons of streamers out there that people will watch over Dyrus, but from like, 10ish PM EST, to sometimes 10ish AM EST, he's one of the only streamers that's worth watching. I'll watch Elementz over Dyrus only because Elementz is crazy and more fun to watch to me. Guardsman Bob is an amazing streamer, so is Scarra. They just don't stream as much.   I don't really think it's very fair to compare the game to DotA, because it's no where near the same. In DotA, you literally CAN carry an entire team just by getting fed. In LoL, it's a lot harder to do that. I value knowing champions and knowing the game over personal talent and skill. Working as a team is so much more important in LoL.
1	Guyyyys why must we create these threads. I totally agree it would be great, but you're basically asking Riot, a for-profit company, to give away profits. The more Double IP weekends they host, the more IP players grind, and the less chance they will spend real money on RP. Riot's a great company, but there's no real reason for them to throw away potential revenue just because a bunch of people think "it sooo gooood".
0	Here's why gun control won't work.   First of all, I love guns. They're fun to shoot. However, if we could rid society 100% of guns, I would definitely be in support of it.   But there lies the problem in American society. You will never come CLOSE to achieving 100% gun prohibition. I know it's impossible even for the strictest of countries, but in the USA, a complete ban will result in a lot of "secret" guns being owned.     We have lived in a gun culture since day 1. Fuck - Our CONSTITUTION  defines rules about gun ownership. Now, I believe that the original individual rights were pro-gun because of the general lawlessness that was feared in a post-colonial America, in addition to being able to defend against repeated attacks from Britain.     236 years of Gun ownership means that there exists historically many legally-owned unregistered firearms, many of which still work, or can be reconditioned to work. If you outlaw firearms, then most of these will exist.     "If you outlaw guns, then only outlaws will own them." I only half agree with this; many outlaws simply steal guns from law-abiding citizens - therefore, if you banned guns, they wouldn't get them. HOWEVER, the US has a massive balance of trade problem (we import way too much), and as a result, more containers come to port than we can scan. Criminals are crafty - they operate where there is need in the market - that need will be illegal firearm importing.     You will eliminate any chance of people being able to defend themselves against a government that decides to eliminate its constitutional limitations. I know this probably is unlikely, and therefore unimportant, but historically, there have been events that could have been prevented with private citizen gun ownership. Some argue that parts of WWII and similar ethnic cleansing tragedies could have been prevented this way.     Police simply won't step in. Police are better investigators than anything - they simply don't stop murders, and crimes from happening. They collect evidence and arrest after the fact. People say that our public safety officers will protect us, but I don't feel so confident.         If we ban firearms, law-abiding citizens won't stand a chance. The number of guns existing illegally would be incredibly high - higher than in any other country that banned guns.   Unless someone can come up with a better plan to rid the country of firearms, I propose a plan that will be unpopular among legal firearm owners, but it will definitely address the problem.   Demand greater responsibility from firearms owners. If someone steals your gun and uses it in a murder, you share the blame even more so than what's being demanded today. I realize that this is irrelevant in last week's massacre (the gun owner was murdered herself), but it WOULD fix a lot of the problem. After a few high profile cases, you can bet that everyone who wants to keep their firearms will invest in a safe of some sort.
1	with faerie charm and utility masteries it's not hard to manage your mana as long as you're not spamming heal at every opportunity. she still has pretty good sustain as long as your carry isn't dumb and keeps on engaging when the other team can trade better. i also pretty much only use infuse and auto attacks to harass to conserve mana. you can also run bot with an ap that has a good spammable nuke like karth/cass and just constantly feed them mana.
0	Going to repost a comment I just wrote:   "This [anti-Obama sentiment] isn't because of anything Obama's actually done, it's because reddit is circlejerking against "durhur invasion of our privacy" under the current administration (Which, if you're not a tard, you realize that the president really can't do shit about), which they tend to do about everything. They absolutely loved Obama on social and economic standings etc. But notice how they react every time there's something like CISPA or ACTA that's an invasion of their privacy? "OBAMA IS LITERALLY HITLER."   They'll forget about this in like, a month, tops. This shitstorm just hit and it'll be in full momentum for a few more days. People are currently just going with the cool thing to do, which is hating Obama, who is at worst permissive of a preexisting and very complicated system and not an Orwellian dictator as many people seem to be implying or outright stating."
1	I'll assume you type the default style where you have your hand stationary and don't really sway your hand left and right when typing unlike me and many other people since you find pressing Z with your thumb easier than Ctrl with your pinky, correct me if i'm wrong there. Its interesting though and i'd like to dig into it cause the way most players use their key-bindings is related to how they type. If you tend to use your pinky to only press the Shift key when typing while the other three fingers do the rest of the typing its highly likely that you play with your pinky in reserve to press Shift or Ctrl.   That being said I do type and play like that due to habits and find typing with my pinky extremely strange. I'd assume anyone who doesn't like the 'default' Ctrl + Q/W/E/R to level up their spells also has learnt the more traditional typing style with each finger assigned to a line of keys rather than moving your hand around and over each side of the keyboard.   On a more useful note though just because a LCS player uses X, Y and Z keybindings doesn't mean you will adapt to it and play better. Its best to find out how you normally type on a keyboard and mold your keybindings around your hand placement when you type since there are many different keybinding layouts.
0	This only happens when I get canker sores.  They get red and swollen, and then next thing I know I'm hobbled over crying because I just bit a fucking canker sore.  I've also been arrested because one of my friends slapped me and didn't know I had a canker sore, then in an angry pain filled rage I broke his nose and eye socket.  I felt bad, and I know it was a bad decision, but it can be one of the worst pains you can feel.  Worse than a kick in the balls ^^^(almost) .
1	You're saying take baron first and come back for the inhib, but I usually think about it the other way round.   If you take the inhib that lane will push, and in solo que people don't keep on top of those lanes so eventually someone, usually ADC jung or top laner, will have to defend it which leads to an easy baron or forcing the 4v5 teamfight.   If the enemy teamfight 4v5 chances are they will lose and you can baron anyway, if they don't defend the lane it will push (and those super minions can take towers like a boss) and you still have a chance to win the 5v5 teamfight or just disengage, and if they don't fight you get a fee baron.
1	None of the changes listed will fix this.   You identified the problem area pretty well. I'm 1900+ rated and when I'm unfortunate enough to get a 1600 player in my games, I can usually tell that they're 1600 just by the way they play; generally, very poorly.   The problem is that the number of people between 1200 and 1600 is so high that skill completely gets thrown out the door. Instead, your team composition and how much bad is on each team decides almost every game. Winning and losing is completely luck, no matter how good or bad you are.   Because of this, really bad players can stay hovering in the 1200-1700 range for a long time, when they actually belong below 1200.   Once you break 1700, everyone above that rating is generally skilled. I very rarely have a game where anyone on my team feeds or does horribly. When I do, it's usually a 1600 or even lower duo queue. In most of these games, there's zero chance of carrying a bad player; if you have one on your team, you'll usually lose without having a chance of winning.   I would suggest adding a way to rate players on both teams after games (this person did good, this person did bad). If a person is consistently getting good ratings, give them some extra rating for their wins. If the person is consistently getting bad ratings, give them less rating or take more for their losses. This would help fix the bad players who manage to keep their rating solely due to luck.   Another solution would be to consider games played as part of matchmaking. If you reduce the entry point, you're sticking new players or even smurfs into the cesspool of terrible players, and their skill level is disregarded. An old 1200 player with 1000 ranked games played shouldn't be able to drag down a new 1200 player with 2 ranked games played. By keeping matches close in number of games played, you don't have this problem.   Yet another thing that would help is an option to set how long you're willing to sit in the queue, or what rating difference you're willing to play with. At higher rating, you often get terrible match ups (i.e. difference between highest and lowest on your team is 300+ rating). These games are usually very undesirable. I think I speak for most high rated players when I say that we would rather sit in the queue for 5-10 minutes and get a good game with close ratings, rather than sit in the queue for 1 minute and get a team with huge rating differences.
1	You have 17 total ranked games and you're 1320 elo, you have little to no experience at all with ranked.  Players 1400 and above TYPICALLY let the first 2 or 3 picks whatever role they want to be, whether they take solos, jungle, support, or whatever.  And then the last 2 or 3 picks fufill the missing roles.  Ocelote is being a douche bag, if you just feel like playing a champion then play normal solo q and queue dodge if you don't get a solo.   Simple as that.   Also how the hell are you going to say that they all wanted to play AP solos and they could've all picked support?  They already locked in, how are they going to play support now unless oce wants to play kennen or gragas?   SK is mostly douche baggery from what I've seen, and they haven't performed at a high level in tournaments and they're severely overrated.  They have an ex starcraft brood war player that was caught hacking multiple times, and even seen talking to the LoL hacker NoS (speaking of Wetdream of course).  Wickd is a lot less douchey than oce and wetdream, and I don't know enough about the other two to say anything.   ANYWAY.
1	Most champions can be categorized like this:   Easy to play yet hard to master in higher elo play, due to simple kit. (ie. Akali) Not played competitively. Rarely played in high elo, considered overpowered in low elo.   Hard to play, hard to master, easy to outplay opponents in higher elo player, due to multifunctional kit with lots of possibilities. (ie. Zed) Often played competitively. Not overpowered and well balanced.
1	As most people have said but as well a team can crumble by 1 person or 2 people leaving. Look at tpa. Season 2 WINNERS kicked right out of ogn. Every job is like a twig waiting to snap (fired or to fail), unfortunately e-sports is one with a thin twig. A team can go from bad to good in a seconds decision or good to bad with a seconds decision. Decisions which may make you lose a game in solo queue can cost them A LOT MORE - Jobs, money and fame. Imagine being famous and then it going cos you pressed 1 right click.
1	Welcome to the world of journalism EVERYWHERE. When you "know" more than the average Joe on a subject, you'll always notice this trend from journalists, a mass amount of them don't do enough research into their subject (just look at the media's portrayal of what a "troll" is) and will get a lot of things wrong, but most people just don't know enough themselves to call them out on it.   Even the majority of "news" nowadays is scavenged from places like Reddit and so forth.
0	I arrived to the party late, but it would seem to be a blue and black/dark brown dress, but it seems like the dark part has a golden sheen to the material what light it shone upon it, I've seen material like this before.   The white could very well just be the light blue material being out colored by the light, making it appear almost white, the same light that makes the dark part seem golden.
1	Meh, it's a simple fact. I don't like seeing clutter. Sorry that you like to read about peoples days that have no part in a discussion area, when there is nothing to discuss.
1	It is absolutely core on Kog'maw, first off. It is also a great item on WW because it procs on his ult, 6 times I think. It is core on Teemo, because what else do you build on him? It greatly benefits Vayne. but is not "core." Shaco uses it very well, because his ult procs it as well, making it 8% per hit. There are others were it is good, but I think that covers all the characters that have it as a core build. It is really only good for most AD carries if the enemy is stacking health, were as Black Cleaver is for armor.
1	TBH I often face SoloQ player who really hate DuoQ player without any obvious reason. We join and kindly ask "premade with XXX, pref botlane" and Summoner 1 starts "OMFG premades always throw games" and locks heimerdinger with revive and clarity. This happens Silver 1 ELO fairly often. I seems there is a huge gap between SoloQ and DuoQ players that they keep on blaming each other leading to a vicious circle. As I do only play DuoQ without beeing toxic I can not judge whether most DuoQ's are toxic or not as we never get teamud up with any other.
1	The mandrake ward, if it comes to fruition, will be great against counterjunglers. Also eve has strong enough ganks early on that you can do lvl 2-3 ganks or change up your pathing if a lee or udyr is in the game that you think is likely to invade you. Ward your buff if you think your team can collapse but it's not like getting 3 buffed is the end of the world anymore. Eve is also phenomenal at counterjungling herself so you can easily farm the enemy's jungle if he's intent on farming hers.
1	As a fairly frequent Lucian player I believe (R)The Culling is just fine, the insane range combined with the high amount of mobilty from being able to use (E)Relentless Pursuit while channeling makes it the perfect ability for a Marksman, and the damage it seems to lack in the early-game is made up for with Lucian's pretty high burst. It's also really good for trades early on because you can (E)Relentless Pursuit or Flash away into Ult to get the better end of a trade in most cases, and late-game it actually deals a ton of damage. I also feel like the only cases where it gets easily circumvented is if you use it wrong, if you use it while still being in range to auto-attack or use your other abilities you're definately doing it wrong. The other part of it is while channeling it, you have to pay really close attention to how your opponent is trying to dodge it if they try to sidestep it you have to react quickly and follow your enemy in that direction, either with (E)Relentless Pursuit or by simply slightly predicting where the enemy will walk, and then following.   This ended up being a wall of text, guess I'm a little too passionate about this stuff.
1	Honestly, I think Shens biggest weakness is his energy.   His energy costs are INCREDIBLY high with only one way to get energy back (aside from the obvious waiting for it to regen), which is his E.   For each target hit by his E, he gains energy. The fact that is has such a long cooldown and such short range makes it such an unreliable way to get energy back. Zed has E/Q with his shadows from safety, Akali has Q, Lee Sin gets energy from every ability.   Honestly, Shen is THE most limited champion when it comes to his energy. Every time we're setting up for a teamfight I have literally no energy. And even if I successfully E in and get 2 or so people, it's still only enough energy for 1, maybe 2 abilities, then I'm out of energy again and have to wait for the long ass E cooldown, but I'm generally dead by then since I can't use my W.
1	That's pretty much the same as telling a pro to only play when they are in a professional game. My main account is for when I want to care about my record, to have something to hold up and be proud of at my family reunions.   The smurf accounts are for everything else, and are therefore a necessity. I'd rather face good players while testing ideas, but I'm not willing to do so at the cost of what I've worked for. SO until they come out with paid 30 accounts, I'm afraid I'm willing to ruin people's games to try my ideas.
0	People want things relevant to themselves is the only takeaway from interests; do you facilitate me, do you comprehend me being passionate about the things I like, and are you capable of appreciating me talking about and doing and achieving them?
0	I was homeless for 9 months but I was still well groomed and with clean clothes. I washed my clothes in a river with soap that I bought with money that people had given me. I used that same river to wash myself. Alright, I may not have had nice shoes... but you try being out in all weathers in the UK. I tried to keep my self presentable in the vain hope that I would eventually get out of that situation. I am not saying all homeless do what I did but you might want to reconsider your statement. I asked for money, it was hard at first but you do things to help you survive. Luckily, an old friend from school found out id been living homeless and helped me. He found me and took me in for a few months. Yes, Panhandlers go about it the wrong way and some of them are using it as a job. Next time you pass a homeless person or a panhandler ask them if they would like something to eat. The kindness of strangers have honestly helped me a few times.
0	Look at it this way; when kids these days watch an NBA game, they don't stop and think "man, I'm so damn short. I'm never going to get anywhere in life."   The same should be said when thinking of wood. When you want to be comfortable with your wood, don't go looking at professional league wood. You'll be disappointing yourself if you compare yourself to it.
0	this wizardry might -- MIGHT -- be faster than me fishing out my phone, unlocking it, opening the folder called "Calculate", opening the Conversion app, selecting the Distance mode, setting the units to Mi->Km, and typing in 150. Because I'm not super fast at math.
0	There's a road one my way to work that drops from a two lane to a one lane. People ALWAYS pull into the second lane, speed up and try to force themselves back in the appropriate lane one they get ahead of everyone else. It pisses me off to no end. I do my best not to let them back in if I can help it.
0	For the lazy:   9 “‘Of all the creatures living in the water of the seas and the streams you may eat any that have fins and scales. 10 But all creatures in the seas or streams that do not have fins and scales—whether among all the swarming things or among all the other living creatures in the water—you are to regard as unclean. 11 And since you are to regard them as unclean, you must not eat their meat; you must regard their carcasses as unclean. 12 Anything living in the water that does not have fins and scales is to be regarded as unclean by you.
1	then people be like,
0	My first solo flight ever at age 15 I was going from my home in Atlanta to visit family in Vt, I was super excited had a window seat and everything.  I get on the plane find my seat get all my things stowed away and sit down and buckle in.  Then I see them, this couple a man and wife and they are fucking huge walking towards the 2 seats next to me I remember thinking "please no not these seats".   They proceed to sit down in the seats and I remember the horror in my mind as I realized that not only was I not going to have an arm rest because his fat roll took up the whole arm rest but also his arm was going to be taking about 1/5 of my actual seat because his fat roll was occupying the arm rest.  I spent the entire 4 hour flight crammed into what was left of my precious window seat, holding in a pee because I wasn't going to try to get these two massive people to get up twice during the flight to let me out of my seat.  15 year old me was devastated and too young to speak up about my discomfort for the entire flight.   To this day I am a firm believer that if you take up an arm rest with your fat roll it is entirely reasonable to be asked to buy another seat or a more expensive wider seat, because it is not fair to cause another person on the flight to be crammed into less than the whole seat they paid for.  If it ever anything like this ever happens again either me or them are moving seats because I wont put up with that shit.
0	I also thought that when I first heard of it.   When I was in high school, I was trying really hard to figure out religion. I was raised that I needed to figure things out for myself (no religion or belief was ever forced on me, nor where any ever put down around me). I also thought you HAD to pick one. On my way home from school, I passed by the Church of Scientology every day. It made me very curious as I was starting to come to the conclusion that all religions were just stories and most of them had some really nasty lessons in them that I thought were morally wrong. I was thinking that a religion that used the word "science" was based on things that could be proven time and time again and that there were no bullshit fairy tales that had no truth base.   This was also the late 90s, so looking things up on the internet wasn't as useful as today. Finding literature on Scientology in libraries also quickly became futile. What thankfully made me turn away was when while I was trying to learn about Scientology, I started coming across things involving Christian Sciences. Hoo boy! Reading up on that sure made me realize quickly that just because the word "science" is used, doesn't mean there's any science involved. I'm just thankful that I stopped perusing it before I actually went in to learn. After all the stories I've heard over the years, there's no way in hell I would've been able to leave. Their brain washing techniques have swayed even the most intelligent of people. And especially since at the time I believed you had to be of some religion and was rather lost in it all. I would've been a prime candidate for them.
0	If you're a gay man that hasn't had a negative association with the word f-----, great, but that doesn't give you the ability to speak for the entire community. 1)There are thousands of people who have had that word thrown at them while being bullied, shamed, and physically assaulted. They don't get to choose to be offended by that word, the association is forced upon them. Same for the n-slur. This is stuff that continues in the present tense, and to demean them as "just being touchy" is heartless victim blaming. So stop.   2) Beyond all that, words are what we use to teach people meaning. By contributing to a culture that introduces young boys to the words gay and f----- as negatives, long before they have the nuanced or even complete understanding of sexuality that we do, is terrible. Imagine any number of preteens on xbox live hearing and regurgitating homophobic slurs, then eventually finding out what they mean. They've internalized that negativity, possibly even before they know their own orientation.   3) You're saying that sucking dick is objectively submissive, and therefore fair game as use for an insult. You're wrong on both counts. It's a personal choice that can go either way, but for my two cents: I say, and feel, that the one in the power position is the one who has the teeth around the most sensitive part of their partner's body.   Reddit is great because it gives us the best possible toolset for breaking down cultures that perpetuate harmful ideas and language. It's also terrible because it's hard evidence that people don't choose to use it that way.
1	At the end of the spring split, Wolves were on par with (and beat) both of them. EG also seemed to be recovering from their slump as well (a testament to the fact that they were able to send Wolves to relegation). Overall, I think the summer split is really going to bring out the best in the EU LCS and foster an environment that can compete at an international level.   I'm also interested to see how NA does as All-Stars seems to have opened some players' eyes a bit. Xpecial in particular seemed really interested in what the analyst brought to their team and seems like he wanted to take it back to TSM. I think given the diversity of their All-Star roster (composed of members from NA's 4 longest running teams), that knowledge is going improve the top contenders in their league. Though I do worry about the overall quality of the teams. The stronger all the teams are, the stronger all the teams become due to competition and, while I think NA has some very strong teams (TSM in particular), I think all their teams combined are the weakest region overall. Still, I look forward to NA's continued improvement and I think Cloud 9 and Velocity will force the bigger teams to step their game up over the summer.
1	The reason doublelift said draven was shit is because of his lack of escape. With all of the brusiers with gap closers coming into play Draven is going to be a very unsafe pick. Draven is used to bully your lane due to his dmg he can acheive early. But if you get a Jarvan or Xin or Vi the top 3 junglers in the NA scene right now you have to blow flash to escape them which will leave you open to ganks while that is on cd. You saw in the CLG game yesterday against Twitch Hotshot just jumped on him as malphite every time and rendered him almost usless. That is why he says they are shit.
1	I think something that pops up when you go to click "Submit a Post" that says something along the lines of "Make sure you read the rules, images must be self posts and no server status questions". (similar to what /r/cringe has.   I'm seeing too many posts still that violate the rules. While they do get removed eventually, anyone trying to karmawhore it out will get karma before it gets deleted. Just sending a better message for those who don't read before posting would help.   A lot of people here are commenting about "remove circlejerk posts which do nothing". I disagree with this strongly. There's probably not gonna be a whole lot of people who agree with my point of view on this who are commenting here, but if they wanna follow reddiquette then they need leave my post be.   Hear me out on it, I think the circlejerk comments  add  to posts. Not to the discussion - there's nothing particularly wholesome which can come out of "I'm a Siren" (as an example), other than a karmatrain of funny comments.   A lot of the people here are strongly against that, and I understand. But my problem is these people are strongly against it because they only want to see wholesome discussion, and they hate anything else. Personally to me this seems quite obnoxious, arrogant and selfish (not trying to be rude, don't take it personally). This subreddit should congregate everyone's liking, and with that not everyone will be pleased. I'm here to both have a laugh and to have a good discussion on something, usually depending on what the topic is. To take half of that away would be to kill the fun - honestly I see it just as bad as /r/CircLoLjerk. They're both two extremes, neither of which I think are healthy in the long run.   My fear of this subreddit being turned into this state is it'll become almost a police state. Right now, whenever I comment I'm concerned about being downvoted for my opinion regardless how valid the facts may be. I don't want to be concerned when I post that it'll be considered "not good enough content", and I don't want posts which are jokes/witty/cleverly done wording to be deleted. It'll destroy the subreddit. I think a good example of this is /r/science where whenever I visit, over 50% of the posts get deleted. I don't want to be posting in the future, only to have it removed because it didn't add enough to the conversation (since the level of how much it adds is very debatable).
1	From TheEnigmaBlade, moderator of LoL subreddit:   "This is a reddit-wide ban by the admins; we have had nothing to do with it. I can, however, offer some insight into why based on past experience. Kshaway has been warned five times and banned twice for violation of the subreddit spam rule, which is our interpretation of the reddit spam rule we enforce within the scope of this subreddit. There's no reason why he shouldn't understand the rules because he's had plenty of chances to learn them or at least ask us for clarification. Our interpretation of the spam rule is actually extremely generous compared to the rest of reddit due to a different content ecosystem here in /r/leagueoflegends. We require at least 9 non-personal submissions, which includes comments, for every personal submission a user makes. Reddit rules generally require the same ratio, but comments are usually ignored. Kshaway had a pretty bad ratio to begin with, with almost exactly 9 comments for every video submitted, and the comments were fairly low-value. All users are still subject to reddit rules, and reddit rules trump subreddit rules. The admins leave most spam cases alone if a subreddit is properly enforcing some interpretation of the of the spam rule (and we are), but it's not always the case. In closing, Kshaway is a pretty textbook example of a spammer, and such people don't have much of a place on reddit (according to the admins and most moderators). His content isn't bad, but reddit isn't meant as a free advertising platform."
0	Snow is awesome! No other form of natural thing is so ready for rampant destruction. People yell at you for destroying shrubs, but snow? Whatever. Lobbing snowballs at icicles? Cool. Snowballs? Go for it.   Let me lay that last one out for you: It is considered acceptable to lob chunks of ice at people, kick piles of the stuff, and use said ice chunks to trigger giant spiky stabby traps falling to the ground.   Also? Sick drifting. Driving a minivan feels amazing when you can spin in a circle and end up in the intended spot.
1	Hey there!   First of all, I love to watch some front page visibility for Latin America, particularly because it's the region I cast and analyse in.   Let's get to my point: I just wanted to provide some context for this match for those who have not been following the Latin American scene. This is a match from the opening split of Copa Latinoamérica, LAS edition. Both teams have a huge history.   KLG (Kaos Latin Gamers) is by far one of the largest eSports organisations in Latin America, having several League, WoW, CS:GO and DotA2 teams, Hearthstone and Starcraft II players. Last year they were not the strongest squad in Latin American League of Legends; however, they arrive to the opening cup on top of the qualifier table, winning twelve of their fourteen games. As of today they have won six of their eight games and are just behind Furious Gaming in the standings.   So who are Furious Gaming (FG)? The backstory is a bit tricky... Last year nearly everybody was hyped about Team PEX, since they had defeated the most feared Latin team: Lyon Gaming (and, well, Phreak yelling "MANTARRRRRRAYA!" gave the team tons of hype). Nevertheless, since the PAX Wildcard PEX's gameplay began to lose quality, so when they arrived to last year's Latin America Cup finals they are matched against Furious gaming, the second team with the highest circuit points. From the people I talked to in the finals stage, most of them expected FG to just lose; however, they two-stocked PEX (SSB reference) and faced Lyon in the finals, to in the end achieve the second place in Latin America. They were automatically qualified for this year's cup. PEX disbanded shortly after the finals and Mettaz (support) and Uri (mid lane) sign with FG, dominating the season.   Regarding the casters: both Rafa and Corsario tend to babble nonsense, yet Corsario is quite newbie-friendly and is great at hyping games. Rafa has quite a bit of knowledge, but has some trouble sometimes on deciding what to say. The two remaining casters are Nosfeh and Skyshock; Nosfeh could be a great analyst, but he is also awesome at play-by-play, he is by far my favourite Latin American shoutcaster. Skyshock is the guy with the cool voice.
1	The league system you see is the sucker, and the stuff that actually matters is the tootsie roll hidden in the center.
0	No you talked about dating girls (plural) from dating sites.   Also,   > She sent me nothing but face shots, probably about 6 of them ( red flag if you're aiming for a fit girl fellas)...   > I go to pick her up and she waddles up to my truck like she just finished chips, cookies and cake for breakfast...   > I am by no means gods gift to women ( I like to think I'm pretty fuckin close mind you)...   >  I'm a gentleman , we are going for coffee how bad could it be. Well snickersaurasrex...   > I "forgot" my wallet in the car, tell her I'm gonna go grab it. Started that baby up and didn't look back...   >
1	The answer:  tilt   When people lose a game, they are emotional, angry and irrational. They could give 0 f**ks about what you have to say and would rather bring the whole house down just so everyone will feel as awful as they do.   I speak from experience. I'm sorry :(   My tip for people who are trolling in ranked: play aram or whack a ball around, but the best thing to do is pet your dog
1	It's not a question of whining because NA is out its more like LOL wants to be seen as a professional sport and they need to act like it for that to happen.   As a fairly new fan/player whatever I was amazed at how many times they had to pause mid game because of mouse functionality.  When I found out about bugs in the game (rengar disappearing in brushes was one I saw recently IIRC) THEN I found out that a lot of these bugs have been in existance for a while (bot lane minions on puple side worth more for example)   Now take a look at the UFC.  They were around for years and never did anything more then poorly organized brawls. It wasn't  professional .  Now you see the UFC has been making lots of efforts to show that UFC=sports.  Moving fights more and more to the cable networks, introducing women fighters and new weight classes.  All of this is made possible by the fact that they run their shit professionally.
0	I used to work with a transgender person, I couldn't say much that doesn't offend her (at least from experience, before everyone berates me for generalizing).   Had to call an ambulance for her once because she fainted and was breathing oddly and the man on the phone asked for information about her.   I didn't know until after paramedics arrived that physically she was female because she never shared that kind of information, and whenever anyone asked she would get irritated because she was supposed to be "in the mentality of a man" and used the men's room and so on, so no one at work knew for sure.
0	Strangely enough I was taught chemistry from a super christian guy. Totally believed it was all created by god, but at the same time it was his teachings that really brought it all together for me. Creator or not, you can believe what you want started time and the expansion of the universe, nobody really knows, but everything we know is a product of almost 14 billion years of systems. Systems that don't stop and don't change in their most purest laws. The universe is like a computer, if you give it the same input it will give you the same answer every time. This is exactly what gives us science, being able to test and experiment. If any kinda of "god" is real, I would argue that it hasn't been around in almost 14 billion years.
1	I like how nowadays on reddit every post has a
1	everybody throws these magical words around. " most tsm fans are delusional/arrogant/immature/obnixious etc".   this is based on what? exactly, nothing. considering that tsm has one of the largest fanbase on reddit, its easy to spot more idiots with a tsm flair.   but where are they now? watch around you...so many are gone because these are not the true fans. this is not the majority, the majority are actual normal fans like everyone else.   some idiots say things many dislike and people always relate to the whole fanbase.this is not fair for tsm fans. they get so much shit only because their team did badly.   and i just throw a funfact in this discussion. remember after iem? people like thoorin( who doesn't even fucking like tsm) said something that they were like top 7 at this point in the world, in one of his videos.   so many tsm fans were even disaggreing with him and said that they are not even sure if they are top 10.the majority wasn't cocky, they were just happy that they won and the majority didn't say they are the best team. nobody said wt is suddenly top tier adc internationally, they were just supporting him because everyone was trashtalking wt, even if he played well.   dislike the org, i can relate to that. just don't hate the fans.
1	This is absurd, the absolute only reason for a request like this is because less exposure = more time to fix the problem. You have a game model thats based around constantly introducing new heros(every other week?) so obviously you should have a plethora of balancing issues and hopefully have a team that is constantly working on them. Shouldn't bug fixes that are game breaking or near as such be on that teams agenda and be dealt with quickly? Why would "we" the fan base benefit at all from not publicly posting these? When in the past you have proven that you fix problems with much more haste if they are posted everywhere? Your basically asking us to throw you a bone, than selling recolored skins for 10$ and making heroes that cost 6300ip that arent particularily skillful.
1	I know this is stupid, but I always start the game with glhf! for this reason. Even though it's a small thing, it lets the team start with a bit healthier mood. I also use Sky's dick sucking theory on my teammates. Then when the someone on the enemy team complains about something I do the best I can to make that worse.
0	Graphic Designer/Studio Manager here. Involves me sitting in front of a 27" iMac for 95% of the day. It's a small business, everyone has admin privileges on their own computer, and I'm the most tech savvy employee anyways (and therefore am also  de facto  tech director).
1	I think you kinda missed the point about this 'drama' LS initiated - the thing he is talking about wasn't the ban. The post he was referring to was titled "XJ9 back", which states that he would get unbanned with a followup "Lyte re-smites XJ9". What LS was talking about and getting into a lot of discussion with people was the way this was handled and the abuse the reddit comments showed. LS thinks that the thread is borderline cyber bullying and should have been nuked by the reddit mods for witch hunting as some of those personally insult him up to the point of asking him to commit suicide. LS himself has admitted to anxiety issues and has worked with XJ9 in the past so he knows that he has those issues as well and was concerned with what those posts about him will trigger within him (he goes on to say possible suicide etc).
1	Decently long time Malphite player here; why is he being downvoted?   You're seriously playing Malphite wrong if you're getting a Rylais.  His AP ratios are only mediocre - not "really good" and only two of his 4 moves actually scale with AP, one of which is a one-time use, the other which is a 8 sec CD  SLOW .   Rylai's HP is irrelevant as you're a  TANK  who wasted his time on a Rylai's instead of a Sunfire/BV and will never have to really worry about itemizing for health as most TANK items have health (or at least plenty of Armor/MR to compensate.   Your E scales off of Armor, and you actually have more survivability based off of armor as well.  As Malphite your primary role is to initiate onto their ranged champions.   You're not there for a mass-AOE slow (BTW Rylai's AoE slow is extreme meh in teamfights, Amumu is a far better choice for Rylai's in that case, he has 3 AoE moves - if you're having trouble keeping them in place or killing them that's a team issue not a champion fault.
1	I don't remember a single time when Doublelift's words convinced all of solo-queue or competitive play. Sure there are some examples of teams running bruiser bot, but it wasn't  every  team and it didn't effect solo queue in nearly the way Targon's has.   >Your jungle is wide open, jungle can constantly feed mid and bot red and blue to boost their lanes incredibly.   This is at the cost of a few key things; top lane cs/xp, top lane tower, and an adc can't simply abandon bot lane for 30 seconds to go collect red at least in the early stages.   >Backdooring was nerfed hard in the patch   I have no idea how this pertains to targon or duo top.   >While it's gold efficient so is the new jungle. I've played against a few of these players and I make the same gold farming the jungle.   Jungle  becomes  efficient, but for the stage in which targon is most powerful, the jungle offers less gold and more difficult camps.   >Teleport was nerfed hard in the patch   Yes, but it wasn't nerfed to the point that you can't go bot to help contest dragon.
1	That would be dreadful. 99% of the games there wouldn't have a "good play" that would be useful as a clip. Not to mention having to watch 30-50 min of gameplay that you can't rewind or record.
1	if you have recently hit lvl 30 i reccomend you just play normals for a while because i cant speak for all people but once i hit lvl 30 i tried ranked and i was constantly being yelled at for not understanding the game properly etc. and ended up in like 700-800 ELO (im currently 1500)
1	Check the champions you are playing and focus around a specific role in the game. In my situation, I mainly focused on jungling, because not everyone likes doing it and I found myself doing it pretty good. So in every lobby I just type in the short message "I'm best at jungling, but I can just try to fit the team" and most of the times ppl will just let me jungle :)   Dont forget about Support, because you will be often the last one, or 4th pick, so it's good to communicate, and supporting someone who knows how to carry is really a pleasure.   Another thing - focus around few champions (not the 100% banned ones), some say that picking something less-played is a way to victory, because nobody is gonna steal this champion from you. But it requires a really high skill, to be able to carry on the same level with the  "God Tier"
0	In college I had a classmate ask me to pick her up before class at her family's home. We agreed that if pick her up an hour and a half before the class we shared because I had to take care of a few things.   I texted her when I got there. I waited 15 minutes and texted again. She replied with just got out of the shower, be out in a few. 10 minutes later I text again, she replies she's coming. Walks out casually as if she has all the time in the world. I didn't have ample time to do both of the tasks I had planned. I should have left after no reply the first time.   I never gave her a ride again.
1	You can't really expect to attract viewers the same way already popular "pro" players do, you'll have to figure out a way to get your followers to like you. Honestly I only watch TOO and GuardsmanBob these days, but i prefer the latter for his ability to entertain through valuable information. It's sort of a relaxing feeling to sit and watch GMan's Stream. I am in no way implying that you should go about it the same way, but that you need to use your own personality to promote the stream and in no way rush things with screaming, raging, trolling, breaking things, hiding your game HUD behind pictures of boobs and so on.
0	true except for the black part...   i was asked once to look through resumes, it involved turning every resume into 2 yes/no answers and a number. Took about 5 seconds per resume, sorted by number and done.   Having people enter their own info on a webpage puts it straight into a spreadsheet so they can sort it by a few yes or no answers, then have some intern add in a 1-10 "initial impression" rating for their resume.
1	I'm sorry, and I'm sure that does work in lower ELO. But that is all assuming that the enemy team does not camp your "kill lane" with their jungler.  Both Xin and Panth are all in champions, meaning they can get in but they can't get out without burning a summoner.  I think you'll agree that with a panth/xin lane and an ez/graves/corki + support lane with equal farm the ad carry and support will scale better for mid/late game.   So basically, your composition is completely reliant on snowballing hard.  Which is a risky proposition because of possible ganks, miscalculating and getting an even trade or even feed a kill to the ad carry which will be able to zone you if you don't kill him and have to tank minions and auto's and skills on your retreat.   Everything in your scenario is considering that everything goes right, and you burst them down at level 1 and never let up, which is by all means a possibility if they get to close initially or think they can win the fight for some reason.  But any smart player will stay way back, while the lane pushes naturally from you last hitting.  They will take the slight loss of XP and just farm under their turret until they get enough for a wriggles which they will rush because of all the phys damage and they will wait for their jungler to get in a position to where the only time that you can pressure them would be to turret dive and then turn that around.   So Tips against a Panth/Xin or any other kill lane:   Play safe at levels 1-3 to avoid your base hp and armor   Use armor runes   Take cleanse   Make sure you get your jungler to camp your lane, so they can't all in and get away with it   If it's a physical damage heavy kill lane, Wriggles is your friend   Pressure the kill laners after their abilities are burned, with your ranged attacks
1	And a spell sheild and increased self healing + cdr  DON'T  serve different purposes? Banshees = cowl + outrageous + 875. This is practically saying kindlegem = Sight stone because they:   >literally build from same items   No. Just no. They have different passives and stats. Just because they give mr and hp (hp is on a lot of defensive items without mana), doesn't make them the same.  They build out of the same items. Whoop do freaking do, so do most boots (let's be honset, the amount of times I've sat on boots and a dagger to make BG's is pretty slim), but they still offer differnet stats.   Edit: BT and IE serve the same purpose. Damage. Just as SV and BV serve for magic resist, so do BT and IE do damage. The other effects are where they differ. Crit chance/lifesteal and cdr/more hp? Spellsheild/Self heal and higher crit damage/lifesteal + more damage? My examples have the same effect as SV and BV =/, that the 2 items share less than half their stats. Build paths don't matter.
0	Not to mention the sleep deprivation. Jesus, that was rough. I had PPD after my first was born. It was exacerbated by the fact that there was a murder just a few streets down from where I was living. Daytime break-in, the burglar killed the people living there, a woman and her 15-year-old daughter, and was at large for some time before being caught. And here I was, alone in the house with a newborn all day while my then-husband was at work. I had a dog, but I had developed this fear that the dog would attack the baby if I left him alone at all. Like, I would lay the baby in his bassinet in my room, walk into the living room and if I didn't see the dog in the living room, I would become convinced that she had gone into my room and was going to kill the baby. It was weird. So I'm sleep-deprived, scared of my loyal dog, jumping at every sound because I'm sure it's the killer coming for me and my baby, and starving because I can't put the baby down long enough to feed myself, because if I put the baby down, the dog will kill him. OH, and I nearly forgot--I also feared that I wasn't forming an attachment to the baby. I had read this awful book all about the terrible things that happened to people who didn't bond with their parents in the first year of life, and whenever I looked at my baby, all I could think was "This was a terrible mistake. I don't feel anything at all for him." At the same time, I was terrified to ask for help, because I thought they would take my baby away and throw me in jail if I admitted that I was having trouble bonding. That was a long six months.   Things were a lot better the second time around. I was five years older for one thing, and that helped a lot. I also asked for help before the wave of post-partum hormones struck. At one of my pre-natal appointments, I told the midwife about my experience with my son, and they set me up with a social worker who visited me at home once a week for the first three months. I would be able to call her if I needed her more often, and if I still didn't feel safe and strong after three months, her time with me would be extended. It was so helpful, just knowing someone was there to help me. My son was a kindergartner at this point, and so dazzled by his new baby sister that I couldn't put the baby down because he would pick her up and rock her to sleep whenever I did. He was old enough to fetch me string cheese and orange juice from the fridge, and he learned to make a mean peanut butter sandwich as well, so I wasn't as hungry this time around. Still sleep-deprived as fuck, though.
1	Some people don't enjoy playing games that are essentially over.  Especially when your teammates are flaming each other/afk.  It IS NOT FUN for them.  Whether or not you understand why it isn't fun to them doesn't matter.  They aren't enjoying the game and want to play a new one.  That is all that matters.   "Also I'd you think you are going to lose, you will lose"   Agreed.   So if 3/5 of your team has already decided the game is over why would you hold them hostage?  You just said if you think you are going to lose you will lose.   Obviously, if people are voting to surrender they don't care if they lose, or already have resigned to the fact they have no chance.   It is selfish to force people to keep playing when they don't want to.   I understand playing it out if your teammates want to.  Just because you don't think it is a waste of time to play it out doesn't mean everyone feels that way.  Do you ever like the feeling of wasting time?  So, why would you force others to continue to have that feeling?   In situations where your teammates have politely asked to surrender or you have 1 afk and 2 teammates that want to surrender, it is extremely selfish to force them to keep playing when they don't want to.   People, like myself, don't find playing out games that aren't close a good use of time.  Because, quite frankly, it isn't.  Even in ranked (which I rarely ever surrender) if you want to maximize your wins/minute then you should just surrender games you are way far behind.   Yes, you could win, but a large majority of the time you won't.  Move on to the next game where you are at least at 50% chance of winning compared to 5%.
0	The problem with tests is that they give the grader a snapshot of this person's subconscious ability to regurgitate information. This is much more useful in the lower points of education, such as high school. Since the skills you are learning are likely prerequisites to the more involved processes you'll be learning, it would make sense to test you on how well seamlessly you can regurgitate that information.   As you go further into the education process, however, the material you learn becomes much more involved. Tests, at a certain point, become less about regurgitating information and more about seamless skill use.   I'll be spending some last minute time at a Physics tutor tomorrow before fail day rears its ugly head. It's always important to make sure everything you're assuming is correct.   Every test should be taken seriously. Always look for good feedback on your work. Above all else, always enter every test without the knowledge that there is anything wrong (e.g. hunger, focus, supplies).   A good class spends its time teaching you the stuff you need to know to properly conduct other processes; alternatively, it can teach you a skill. As you go higher and higher on the ladder of learning, however, you need to think about an endgame; you need a goal that, once reached, you can definitively claim your mastery.
0	There has to be an arbitrary line for medical purposes, but not when discussing ethics and morals which will not necessarily impact on practical medicine. I think "when does life begin" is a pointless question because lots of useless things are living; the meatier question is "when is it human."   Anyway, so, doctors will obviously have to set a point beyond which abortion is not acceptable. I think it should be lower than it is now because medical improvements mean that previously non-viable children are now able to be viable. I believe the threshold should be perhaps a couple of weeks before the point where viability, on current technological understanding.   Morality will play into that slightly, but you're right, mostly that line has to be arbitrary. It doesn't mean that people's opinions on the ethical discussion have to be arbitrary too. There are SO many factors feeding into when a human comes into existence, and WHICH human comes into existence, that rather than say "life starts at x for sure, anyone else is wrong", people should be entitled to say "well I think abortion is a terrible thing but sometimes necessary. I think it's better to do in the first few weeks because at least the embryo doesn't have a developed brain at all - it doesn't feel, doesn't understand and can't contemplate its own existence in any imaginable way. However I think later on at x period is too late because the embryo will be more humanlike in appearance, there is greater certainty that it will definitely become a human if it is allowed to be born, and it can quite possibly feel pain and fear."   It IS a sliding scale, it's just that the heated black and white debate makes it seem as though it isn't so. A zygote is, QUITE LITERALLY, almost no different from a small collection of skin cells - it's just an unformed repository of genetic material. That is OBVIOUSLY much different to a more complicated arrangement of genetic material which has become self-aware to a point. Where you think is the acceptable cut-off point between those is based on your own subjective priorities. It is not a 'yes/no' question, but people seem to think it is, which is why the debate is so divisive.   Science will never come up with a completely acceptable answer on 'when is abortion okay' because the whole thing is obviously a subjective, ethical dilemma. But in my opinion, the idea of flushing a tiny collection of cells thereby preventing a 'future human' from coming into existence and one day contributing to society is no different than deciding one day to get a vasectomy, stopping you from having kids in future and stopping any hypothetical human from existing. If every child that could have been born had been born, taking into account every possibly pairing of humans, every decision which slightly altered the fertilization process, every random pairing of genetic material in the process itself - well, what, the maths would be astronomical. Quadrillions of humans in existence? More? Early-term abortion is just the same thing, except we're are AWARE of the repercussion rather than never knowing.
0	There is that fine blue line that shows all what makes a cool cop vs. a dickhead cop.   Story - I once went to a bar with some work friends after a long 2nd shift. Our Driver said he would not drink, so Other Guy & I could. Turns out Driver did drink. even set his hand on fire with a flaming Dr. Pepper (thanks foxy bartender for wet toweling him!). Anyway, we left in Driver's car, thinking he was alright. As we had been really drinking, it was a sliding scale for us to look at him.   One failed turn signal & an aggressive passing maneuver, The local county sheriff deputies fired up the cool blue disco lights for us. Drive commented, "Shit, I may be drunk & fail a test."   After we pulled to the side, we were all ordered out. Other Guy & I we ordered to sit one the curb as Driver was given the street side sobriety test. Sad to say kids, he failed... meaning we all had failed on our plan for the evening. Being what was, Other Guy realized he had to pee (drinking, who knew?). He asked local county sheriff deputy 2 if he could run to the Taco Bell and release the processed beverages held inside. Cool local county sheriff deputy 2 actually said yes (if you have been here before, you might recognize most will tell you to deal with it).   So after Driver had been put into the Crown Vic, local county sheriff deputy 2 came to talk to us. Driver had told them he was to be our DD for the night but made a mistake. He admitted to making a mistake (after a much interesting conversation about why he had faucet screens in his glove box) and asked for his car not to be towed away... This is where the GGCop comes into play.   Local county sheriff deputies come over & let me & relieved bladder Other Guy know what was happening. They told us while in theory or night started out with a good plan, we had failed in our objective with letting Driver get behind the wheel. They recommended we head across the street to the local Shari's Restaurant across the street for some coffee. They told us he would be book, but able to be sprung in about two hours, should we want to come pick him up.   The final good humor moment Driver shared with us later on..., "As we were heading down Hyw 14 to the jail, the deputies were listening to KGON & AC/DC's 'highway to Hell" came on the AM/FM... local county sheriff deputy 2 turned & looked back and said, "sorry kid, but do you mind if we turn this up?". Even Driver had to smile at that.   So before I get the hate mail, this was way back when we were 22-23. This is well out of range before a boys brain really starts to think. It was a dumb move all the way around & we were all responsible for not making Driver not drink or, even better one of us decide to stay sober. Everybody was lucky that night, including other car passengers that night.
1	The reason why I really detest having to play support, is that whenever I que up for draft pick (in normals or ranked) I always say "I can play any role, but I'd prefer  __  and  __ ." Whereas I'd typically request mid or jungle. However usually I'm last pick, or everyone then proceeds to call a position, and I'm left with support. Every. Time. I don't mind playing support, but if I have to play it every game, it gets boring. I play league for champions like Brand, Lee Sin, Nocturne, Leblanc, and so on. I play supports because I know it'll help my team, but in doing so, I never get to play what I want to play.   It also doesn't help when my carries cannot carry. A good support can't really do much in a team where your carries don't know what they're doing.
1	Oh, I also forgot Ashe. Sure, she's got some tits, but it's not like they're a feature. Caitlyn has the corset and she looks good but I wouldn't call her sexualized at all. Cass has the "seductress" thing going which is part of the whole Medusa vibe. Eve is intentionally sexualized because she has the whole hunter/stalker burlesque thing which is a part of her character and is designed to lure men in so that she can kill them. Ezreal I can't make excuses for. That just bleeds sex. Janna has the whole ethereal grace thing going for her but who can blame a wind-mage for dressing skimpy? Wouldn't call her sexualized. Katarina has boobs. Kayle's a damn Valkyrie. Even with the breastplate she's more likely to kill you than look at you. She isn't sexual in story or (in my opinion) aesthetics. Leona, too. I wouldn't call her sexualized at all, unless you count having breasts and wearing armor designed for women as being sexualized. LeBlanc is a bit skimpy. MF is designed to be a bimbo. Her story is that she survives in a male world by wooing pirates with her "wares" in order to find her parent's killers. She sexualizes herself intentionally but is a total cold badass. Morgana has tits and shows them. Yowza, them's some tits. Nidalee lives in a jungle. Loincloth is a must. If it were a guy there would be no accusations tossed its way. Can't speak for the maid outfit, though. Sivir is a rich bitch who happens to have tits. Nothing about her is sexualized besides dressing like Xena, one of the strongest feminist characters created in TV history. Sona is a dumb, mute whore with no excuse for being sultry. Shame on her. Not really. Soraka is Soraka and I'm sure that someone finds that neat. Besides for the heels, Vayne's pretty utilitarian (night hunter, etc.).   Minority? I disagree. In fact, I think that Riot has done a great job in creating a diverse, character-rich cast of strong female characters that Joss Whedon would be proud to make a series out of.   Long post is long:
1	In early levels (like 1-15, maybe 1-20) I can see having a few genuinely new players.  But usually, after stomping a few games matchmaking will put you in games with other people who are likely smurfs.  I can safely expect almost every if not all players in my level 27 smurf's game to also be smurfs, but I'm not going to expect much out of them because they likely wouldn't be smurfing if they were actually good.   The smurfs  you're  getting matched with probably aren't much better than you are in the grand scheme of things, and they're probably just trying to get another account to level 30 to try to have another chance at placement... which they will again fail miserably at and likely end up at some abysmal sub-1200 rating.  Just know that you're still learning, while they're beyond help.   On the point of adding everyone to your ignore list at the start of the game, that's not a bad idea, even when playing ranked.  Feel free to do so.   Honestly, the only time I ever smurf is if I dodge a ranked game and still feel like playing, or if I want to play with a friend who doesn't have a 30 account yet and I don't want to have him play against a level 30 with a full set of runes/masteries while he has nothing.   The people who smurf just for a power trip of being able to beat little children should just be ignored.  You could easily get waaaaaaaay better than them just by taking like 2 days watching a good streamer, and taking note of everything they do and try to understand the reasoning behind it.   =
1	For anybody else thinking about doing it:   Things don't get better by pumping 00 buckshot shells into the roof of your roof.   They don't get worse either, there's just nothing. You can think 'that seems so much better' but you can't even comprehend nothing, you won't comprehend anything. There is no comprehension, nor can you take satisfaction, or joy, or any sort of positive emotion from that. Or any emotion at all.   It's just nothing.   There are many people, many places and many things in this world that will help you - and you shut all that away if you do something like this.   Oh and for anything thinking about transitioning: This is why you need to get therapy first. Cannot stress that enough.  Get therapy
0	Actually, regarding managerial positions, you speak a lot of truth. I always tried to focus on the positive, rewarded effort, and most importantly, led by example. I don't think any employee is going to put in their best if they see their boss slacking. I think, because I treated my employees like humans, I effectively got more work out of them than some of the ball-buster, never-deviate-from-policy managers (to clarify, I never  broke  rules, but I bent them on occasion, such as letting someone take a 20 minute break instead of 15 if they were having a bad day, and so on). Sure, some employees took advantage of that, but they'd see my managerial side and get reprimanded.
0	Yeah, as much as I want to validate my smoking (I just legitimately enjoy it), I understand that it's harmful to myself. And, by extension, my friends and family as I straight up die at 43 years old.   But the thing is, "not harmful" is not a Boolean thing. If you're really looking into it, there's nothing you can do that isn't harmful to yourself in some way, unless you're doing something that directly improves your life. Otherwise, the harm you're doing is wasting your potential.   Say I really enjoy video games. Which I do, from time to time. The problem is, instead of playing video games, or masturbating, or smoking weed, or whatever the "harmless" activity I'm engaging is, I'm not doing something better with my time.   I could be working out, studying, doing brain exercises, starting a business, networking, or developing myself personally or professionally in a lot of ways.   So if I spend a month playing video games instead of homework or personal/professional development, I'm getting one month  less good  at what it is that I plan on doing with my life. Which means I'm going to make less money, which is taking the food or luxuries out of the hands of my future children I have yet to make.   So instead, you personally and professionally develop yourself. A lot. You become fantastic at the one thing you do best. You're making millions of dollars doing it, and you couldn't be happier. But consider: that splendor and wealth wouldn't have been yours if you chose to entertain yourself, right? But it would have gone to  someone else.  So you're directly hurting others who  would  have that job, by becoming better than they are. You're influencing the quality of life that they will live by reaching and surpassing their level of success.   So why bother having a hobby or entertaining yourself at all? Ultimately, it will be something that's harmful to you.And, by extension, your loved ones and/or future family who would want to see you succeed and may benefit from that. But if you don't entertain yourself, you're harming other people at the expense of you and your family.   I don't think there's any way to justify that, other than to say, "Well, I'm a happier person for doing X." But at that point, you're opening up a world of unhealthy or dangerous things to do that only affect your own person in order to satisfy your happiness quota.
1	How to play Gragas on SR:   First of all, he is a mage. This means buy early Doran's Rings (1-3) and Sorc shoes. My build calls for RoA, then Deathcap, then other AP items in no particular order.   Now, what's really important to know is that Gragas needs farm. I've played him duo bot a few times, and it went surprisingly well, but you won't reach your true potential without farming.   Speaking of farming, you have to be willing to use your auto-attacks to get CS. If you use your barrel to do all your farming, you won't have any mana left to harass your enemy, not to mention you'll be pushing up your lane all day. You have to get in close to the creeps and last-hit and use your barrels to harass/zone your enemy.
1	I'm sorry, but I have to call you out here..   "What separates you from the players in lower tiers is not only the LP gains, but the series you fought through where you proved yourself and came out on top."   The tiers mean nothing about who we faced. In fact, the league system means absolutely nothing about who we face. Why is the league system even there if our division means absolutely nothing? Things like this just don't make sense.   "Ranked play is about accepting the challenge of being measured by your skill."   Then please rank us by skill. Either base it off MMR (ELO) or LP/Division system, not both. Our skill ranking is currently MMR, which, again, matches us with people of similar MMR. But this in no way correlates in tandem with the league system, nor is our "skill quotient" visible. I'll use my example from last year (which still happens to a lot of people); people in S1 can be placed against those in gold 2 to even plat players. Why? I understand it's MMR based, then why are they silver if they're playing against Plats?  I understand that there are systems in place now to try to prevent this, but there are still many many issues in relation to this that aren't addressed.
0	Ok, here's the thing. In our population, some people are just dicks. Straight up dicks. Some of them believe in Yahweh, some in Allah, some in nothing at all, but they all have one thing in common... they're dicks. They never make up the majority of the group they represent, but they sure yell louder than everyone else, like a dick.
1	attack speed glyphs are good on any ad carry if you dont expect ap mids to gank you often and their jungler is ad. some ad carries can use attack speed reds but you sacrifice the ability to last hit under turret if you dont go pure ad on reds/quints and it wont help in a short trade in lane (1-3 autos).   cait is one of the few ad carries i wouldnt mind atk spd reds and maybe quints on because cait normally pushes the wave due to her passive/constant harrass making minions aggro you instead of other minions. Also cait in lane pokes with autos for free more often than most ad carries, so there isnt anything wrong with atkspd reds and maybe quints, but generally pure damage will help more.   however, i think armour yellows are by far the best choice for runes as an ad. you cant expect to get free harass off on the other ad carry all the time, and when he hits back, its gonna be attack damage (minus ez and corki and varus a bit). the amount of atkspd you get from yellow runes is nothing in trades where you trade 1 for 1 or 2 for 2 on autos. therefore, the trade will be more in your favor if you got armour to mitigate his damage from autos. the yellows also help a bit on ganks and occasionally can save you or make you trade kills on a dive instead of dieing for free.
1	Also, Dota 2 server are as often down.   > I once was a Dota1 enthusiast, however I stopped because I felt like the developer didnt care about their game, and patched every 5-6 months. Then we would get 2-3 hero changes, and sometimes a new hero. I got bored after a while.   Ok, stop. Go away. What a stupid thing to say.   You are saying Icefrog/Valve don't care? They care a hell of a lot. Hence why they put out amazing, well thought-out and balanced patches far apart from each other instead of small, bug-filled and half untested ones like Riot do.   DotA 2 patches take time because they like to get everything right the first time, instead of releasing half-baked shit to the public only to apply hotfixes every fortnight.   You know how many changes DotA heroes go through? Not much at all cos again, they like to get them right the first time. Look at Rengar. Riot have gutted that champion and changed him in like 4 patches. Instead of dedicating time and effort to it.   DotA 2 is down hardly ever. Literally, hardly ever.   You are attacking and bitching just as much as Kittz is, yet you call him out on it. Classy bro.   Get a grip, Kittz brings up some very good points, don't pick the couple you disagree with and call him out on it.
1	Dodging isn't detrimental. I would almost argue the opposite. Think of it this way: LP is only cosmetic. Your MMR will not change by dodging. So your MMR is now higher relative to your LP, meaning you will win more or lose less to make up this difference, which pretty much makes the only penalty a 6 min penalty.   Compare that to a loss in the game, you will lose 2-8x the amount of LP and lose MMR, so that LP loss is a true loss relative to your MMR, and you had to play with that torture for over 20 mins.   Seriously, dodging the queue is a much better deal, so much that there are people that abuse this all the time to get more favorable match-ups.   As for the OP, the only difference between pre-game trolling and actual trolling is the fact that there is no way for the pre-game chat to be reported and judged. However, studies have shown that these guys are mostly reported and punished for their in-game behavior. The reality is you cannot exempt people from pre-game trolls any more than you can exempt people from in-game trolls.
0	I think there's something you forgot here.   The only fact that you allow your people to bear a weapon is disturbing. You are basically saying them that :     Your police isn't trustworthy   They need to fear people they don't know     That's how you fuck a society up. By letting them understand that they are alone. Of course your country is one of the most invidualist system in the world : you make people fearful of others. You can't trust others, because they can be dangerous. So you have to defend yourself from them.   When i leave my house, i don't even think about getting a weapon. I live in a french banlieu (=ghetto), i know some guys who got weapons (and i mean, bad guys. My brother-in-law was arrested for a roberry, when my sister used to date stupid guys), but even then, i don't fear them.   In the worst case, they will use their weapon to threaten me. They will not fear that i could use mine. Because i don't have one.
1	I don't really feel Shyvana is in a bad place. Sure she's not 100% pick or ban in competitive as she was before but then again that can be said for like 75% of all the champions.
0	There are times that my GF does similar things to me, but I remind myself that I should feel lucky to have someone who wants me around.  Would some time to myself be nice? Yeah sure, but I still get that every now and then. The only actual complaint that I have is when she used to say something like, "I gave you your time, now it's my turn." I have no problem spending the time with you and I would do it by choice, but making it sound like an obligation made it seem hollow.  I talked to her about it and just requested she not say that sort of phrase. Since then it has made a difference because I don't feel like I was guilt tripped into doing whatever she wants to do, which makes me happy, and we do something that we both enjoy.   So my advice to you, is talk to her about it.  Explain how you are feeling, and come to a compromise.  If you just started a second job she might be feeling as neglected as your games are.  I don't want to come off as patronizing or insulting, this is just how I feel you will do the least harm to the relationship.  I have been a passive aggressive person in most of my relationships and it builds animosity in yourself when you do that.  You end up grumpy and resentful toward your significant other, and you will have a much higher chance at destroying the relationship because of it.   I'm already calling the comment that is somehow snarky saying, "Communication makes a relationship work?! Who knew? /s".  Yeah it is obvious, but some of us are fearful of confronting people with things that are negative.
1	What does
0	Yup. Stuck my dick in crazy once, clawed my way out before shit got too real. She wasn't openly crazy out of the gates, but there were enough minor red flags for me to see things heading south before she murdered my pets or anything too extreme. Still took  months  to fully get her out of my house/life/etc. I cringe when I read about people using the L word within a few weeks of meeting someone. What do you expect?
0	And then something like Hurricane Sandy happens, millions of potential votes are lost, and then suddenly the other guy is winning for it.   New York will always have roughly the same EVs, but the Hurricane brought their total popular votes down to something along the lines of 4 million. In 2008, there were along the lines of 8 million votes.   If we didn't have the Electoral College or something similar, then that's 4 million votes lost not because of apathy, but because of an unpreventable disaster. In the event where the popular vote directly decided a president, then 4 million would have had absolutely zip for input, all against their will.   The REAL problem though, is that those 4 million votes would matter A WHOLE LOT MORE. See if you compare 2008 votes to this year's in NY, you get the decrease of Republican votes coming out to like 1.5-2 million, and the lost Democratic votes were 2.5-3 million. Basically, the Dems would have lost a lot of input compared to the Reps. In the Electoral College system, as long as the ratio of Dems:Reps stays the same, then regardless of disaster the resulting impact from NY will be just as strong as it is under normal conditions.   Whenever someone brings up abolishing the Electoral College this has, and always will be my first example. Hurricane Sandy has made it more relevant and easier to understand, but I've always believed this and it has always been an issue.   There are very few systems I've heard of or could think of that would give any significant increase in power to the popular vote that wouldn't mess things up like this.
1	Sometimes it's just not worth it to gank losing lanes.   Did you even look at your items/levels/lasthits? It's possible that you were behind a lot more than you thought. If you have already died twice, and enemy have significantly better items it's even possible that he can kill you both when you don't have good cooperation.   Most annoying thing that i know, is that when my top is doing stupid mistakes and getting ganked all the time, and then whining to me. Usually i'm just coming to gank, when he overextends and gets killed. Then i go to bottom side to gank/farm/give buffs and again when i'm coming for gank he is dead and whining more.
0	There's a lone young woman in our department too and I always cringe at the lame, cheesy comments and "compliments" she gets to endure everyday.   Her cubicle is next to the water machine so it only makes it worse.. (the water consumption has gone way up since she got here..)   I have begun to disrupt some of it by getting a glass of water myself and asking her things like "hey, so how's your boyfriend doing? We missed each other at the gym/range/whatever"   I don't even know him, other than his name, or if he even exists, doesn't matter..
1	Is it a bug though.   You should not be able to Zhonyas out of his ult because that negates his ult completely.   This is a great video showing how his ult works. He DOES NOT DO HARDLY (if any) DAMAGE UNTIL THE END OF HIS ULT.  (video using trundle pillar [no dmg ability] to show when Yasuo does his ult damage.)   Lets take this case by case in the game:   At 25:09 Ori R + Yasuo R. He takes damage from Orianna ult and Yasuo then ults on Twisted Fate. Notice how TF does not take damage from Yasuo's ult early (because that's not how his ult works), Yasuo's damage comes near the end of the animations. However TF was able to Zhonyas before the damage was applied (look at Gragas nearby taking damage that TF should have taken as well). After Zhonyas (people saying dmg applies after Zhonyas for some reason...) he didn't take damage.   At 31:35 Elise lands a cocoon onto TF where then Yasuo uses his E+Q combo to knock up TF and then uses a (slightly) delayed ult (however TF is still in the air otherwise ult would not be able to be used) and TF instantly Zhonyas. This is a bug. No damage was taken by TF from Yasuo. Riot members have said this can happen when doing so.   Now look at the game time of 34:45 when Dig gets a play on LMQ. Yasuo's ult is completed on Corki and TF before Corki is able to Valkyrie away / TF walk away. This is how the ult should effect people.   At 36:24 another Yasuo onto TF ult happens. WATCH TF'S HP ON SIDEBAR. He gets the full Yasuo damage onto him before he is able to Zhonyas. This is how the ult is supposed to work.
0	There is no such thing as US (federal) housing laws (at least on eviction).  With the exception of some HUD programs and a few other subsidized housing programs, eviction law is entirely a state specific topic.   I realize you noted "at least in Texas" and you're right about that.  Some states make it very difficult to evict tenants while others provide almost no legal recourse to evictees.  In some states, it can take as little as two weeks with no court involvement. While it is increasingly true that housing laws in various states favor tenants, that doesn't mean it can be drawn out for long, particularly when the landlord has the right of it.
0	What exactly are the sound mixers supposed to target? Your specific situation? What about the people who want to watch a movie with a baby sleeping in the next room - maybe your mix would still have too much dynamic range for them.   The answer is that sound mixers ARE doing their jobs. They release a mix that provides the largest (reasonable) dynamic range. This allows everyone to enjoy the mix. Those with a high-quality home theater can enjoy the full dynamic range while those with sleeping babies have the option to compress the dynamic range for their specific situation.   If the audio engineers were to release a DVD/Blu-Ray with a highly compressed soundtrack then the home theater junkies would be completely out of luck. There is no way to dynamically expand a sound mix once it has been compressed.   Any playback hardware made in this millennium will have audio options for compressing the dynamic range. The  only  practical way that you are going to get an optimal viewing experience is by  configuring it yourself  and adjusting the settings for your specific situation. This is generally a "configure once and forget" thing - you won't be adjusting these settings for every movie.
1	Don't level starcall early. What most people don't realize is that soraka has an amazing ability to poke and zone enemies alone, especially against melee supports. Try to go in for 1-3 autos and an E on the enemy ad carry when he last hits and then juke the minion aggro off in the sidebushes. If they commit on to you (use 1-2 abilities) use W on your self. Your ad carry can go in because the enemies have their abilities on cooldown. You can also keep the enemy melee support so low with autos and E that he can not commit on you or your ad carry. Same deal: land autos, but save your E! When the enemy melee support comes into ability range silence him and back off!   Now why you shouldn't level starcall is for the fact that E no longer gives you mana so you can't sustain that harrass and because it pushes the wave. In most cases you want to keeps the minions on your side of the lane and try to force the opponents to stay on their side with your poke on autos and E.   But don't underestimate starcall! It's really prominent lategame, when you are too tanky and irrelevant to be focused down and can stay in the mix laying down the starcall spam with magic defence reduce. Always spam starcall in mid-late teamfights, your mana pool should be able to support it and it really makes a difference.
0	The first time i was hit from both sides during a lacrosse game and the way i braced for one hit along with the inability to absorb the hit, due to the other person, caused it to break then the second time i was pushed from behind but I was pushed on a downhill and landed shoulder first on an uphill, also playing lacrosse
1	How I got over my toxicity:   A while ago, I was your average silver ADC Main, and I got pissed off A LOT. Eventually, I got so mad at the game, I gave up. I said "Instalocking Nidalee, every game, every lane" I stopped talking in chat and communicated only through pings. When I did talk, i would only say things like Nids quote's, or just put <3's when deserved. I generally never get mad at the game anymore and tend to play for fun alone. From Silver 1 to Plat 4, the climb has begun.   This obviously will not work for some people (or most people), but just what i did to get out of my toxicity.
1	I kinda think these guys were duoing together and did this kind of thing every game so people like you post these things and they get frontpaged on reddit and tip their fedoras of shite at each other, giggling cos they got you to actually MAKE AN ACCOUNT and write a post about them, while 600 other people (myself included) comment and flame do the same shit.   Im not saying you're to blame at all, im just saying that I dont think posts like these arent constructive or helpful in the slightest. It just promotes the circlejerk and the bullshit negativity.
1	About how many games of practice do you think is needed on him before ranked? I play him off an on in norms and have loved him, but I never knew that gp could be a serious main since all my friends think im trolling when I pick him.  I currently main irelia in ranked and have been trying to figure out if I wanted to next learn riven, jayce, or gangplank. Im seriously considering him to carry me out of gold since he is one of the most fun champs in the game.   Sorry for the extra info:
1	Leblanc is so OP that she ignores GA's and invulnerablity. Better nerf Irelia.
1	Make runes free. Their design as an IP sink is a terrible game mechanic (and only a half decent $ making mechanic). Started this as a comment earlier and [turned it into its own thread]( The
1	There's a reason it's hyped, it's because we know it's going to go away after a while.   Riot knows  it's going to become something akin to dominion, and while i'm sad that URF is going away as an official queue, experienced players and riot know for a fact it's going to get saturated and underhyped.   Even now, we're starting to see a meta develop, frustrating things to play against (brand, jayce, soraka, alistar) and players finding the optimal way to play it. If it stays in the game there WILL be tiers, there WILL be "must picks" and so on,  sort of like how there's "high elo" ARAM.    What is validated is keeping it as a  custom game mode , it allows skill shot and ward hop practice and can be a fun in-house game mode,  the problem with that is:  If it's a custom game mode, it will never be used as an official play map again. People will have had enough of the game, and will think "I've already played this a million times with friends, why will I need it to be in match making?"
1	There is potential for some unique, interesting lore and play style.   The basic idea is that one of Yasuo's abilities allows him to swap with Yone. Yasuo's abilities are mainly damage-based while Yone's is defensive / utility oriented.   That in and of itself is not unique.   But here, we can deviate from the standard "I will catch you one day" motif.   Taunt (Yone): You do realize, I'm letting you live? Taunt (Yasuo): You do realize, I'm letting you get close?   At first glance, these taunts can be interpreted to be directed at enemies. However, you could also interpret them as being directed at each other. The fact that they can joke about it indicates that, while Yone is in pursuit of Yasuo, she still believes that he is her brother and can convert him to her side. On the other hand, Yasuo wants to go his way, but he does not hate his sister; he finds it unfortunate that she is not on his side, but he still regards her as family.   When you use the ability to switch from Yasuo to Yone, Yasuo instantly flies away while Yone flies in, saying, "I will catch you one day."   When switching from Yone to Yasuo, Yasuo says, "I am always with you, my sister."   Passive: When the character dies as Yone, Yasuo takes her place, being invulnerable for 5 seconds. His melee attacks do massively increased damage, but they are skillshots (because samurai). He says, "I was the one who was supposed to get caught!" When the character dies as Yasuo, Yone takes his place, being invulnerable for 5 seconds. Her melee attacks taunt each champion hit, but they are skillshots. She says, "I was supposed to be the one to catch you!"
1	What you do is: you play an ELO-hell game. You win or lose, and when the game is over, you start chatting and you will soon enough know which players are smart and wihc players buy triple PD on xin zhao. Just ask the smart/good guys to duo queue. I asked a good kennen on the other team to duo queue with me next. He took caytlin and i took supporrt taric (Risky huh!?). We won with a caitlyn pentakill last fight!
0	I don't really think that there's good reason to be offended here. The point of the post really seems to be about the trivialization of the disorder, not that's it's fraudulent. Kids do daydream and lose focus and it's NOT ADHD. But it seems all lack of attentiveness is wrongly labeled ADHD. And as someone who actually suffers from it, you should be against that too.
1	It's really dependent on the lane you are in, the champ you are laning against, and the champion you are playing. What I found to be helpful is to do a gradual progress. Start from scratch and do a custom game with no bots. Then, a custom game with a bot in bottom lane so you have practice with a champion in your lane. Then, co-op vs. AI where you have someone else in the lane and so on and so on. That's really just to get basics down. Knowing how your champion will function with abilities and auto-attacks is something that comes with time and practice. Knowing what your enemy is capable of (I.E. pushing/free farming/defending) is the same. Last hitting optimally is not something that can be learned in a couple of hours, it's all just repetition and knowledge of mechanics.
1	I've played hundreds of games as Zed, and I think these changes are a fantastic step in the right direction. He clearly needed a nerf, and they just made him harder to play without gutting his damage.   Before, if you used your ult on a Vayne, she would Condemn you back, and you could just swap right back to where she was. Also, putting the shadow on the target allowed you to hit the double E very easily granting the amplified slow, which then made it easier to land the double Q.   With the new changes, if you sacrifice the gap closer part of his ult and use it from melee range, its pretty  much the same as before. If you want to use it as a gap closer, then you still can use your W shadow to get the double E and Q off, but you obviously lose the W as an escape mechanism. That being said though, the ult shadow that you left behind will let you escape anyway.
0	just an fyi: Based on the way the US democracy is set up it will always be a two party system that doesn't truly represent a large portion of the citizenry. Congress could fix this very simply but doing so would get them voted out of office in the next election cycle, so...
1	a toss up between Tier 2.5 runes and new Rune Pages.
1	As some have already said, Kat is ok now, but I think she is ok to OP. She is definitely good, I just playd 2 games with Kat top and her kit;     allows you to bully and play a fully actioned top lane. Her manaless nature allows for real action, you will never stop spamming your skills and having fun in general.     Farms realy well now, actually deals damage without her ult and W is a great spell.     With an early DFG she might be a bit too good, but with the dfg nerfs I think she will be just fine.     I go 9-21-0 masteries and get Sorcs-Abusal-Haunting-DFG-Hextech, not in that order nessecarily.     That feeling when you get the resets and actually use them perfectly, so good!
1	Seriously, holy fuck. Are people that desperate for 1000 RP to make a shit ton of threads about this? The game is fucking free. It's not the same as paying a subscription and have your days wasted because servers went down. I've played MANY subscription based games such as WoW and Ragnarok Online where servers will go offline for days and without any compensation.
1	It clearly wasn't Froggen over reacting.  Yes...he got angry, but the Eve was clearly trolling him because he was not participating in team fights and he said idk who froggen is.. when he clearly made a post about him later about how rude he was being.  So i basically agree with Froggen's actions.  Personally, I would have done the same thing.  People shouldn't purposefully lose a game or not try.  If you dont try in a game why play it at all.
1	Personally I don't think yours is the best piece, it's really solid but not the best.     Concept wise it's 6/10 (overdone to the extreme triangle not a really good hook; not bringing anything "new")     Technical skill 7/10 (really solid forms and such some mistakes which I'll expand upon)     Coloring/lighting 8/10 (really good but some errors in shading and refinement. Background is really sweet though)       Where it falls apart for me are the forms and the expressions; the expressions just kill.   None of it really fits in the scene. It's a chase and they are stalled/stopped/stunned by the flame chompers. their forms don't suggest it as well/much as they can/should have.   The forms are almost there but cait's body looks horribly out of proportion mainly because of how you made her tilt behind vi (not sure if that is the correct angle). Vi's right hand blocks most of her so you get the look of her top being pudgy and wrong and her legs/butt being massive. Better positioning/better edge-refining would have helped differentiate planes and distance.   It really boils down to you not spending enough time learning proper forms and expressions combined with spacial issues. It's really close but the errors that are there are just really bad :/
0	Maybe I should have clarified my definition better. A circlejerk is where a bunch of like-minded people get together in one place and stroke each other's egos for think the same way. Anyone who thinks differently is usually met with hostility. Cases in point: /r/gaming has a nostalgia jerk, /r/AdviceAnimals has a racist, anti-women, anti-fat jerk, /r/worldnews has an anti-government jerk, and /r/childfree has an anti-child jerk. The thing about /r/childfree is that it wouldn't be so bad if it was a sub dedicated to talking about the merits of not have a child. Instead, it's a sub that is dedicated to hating anything that has to do with children, parents included, and pretends to be morally superior to all of them. Just the fact that you responded so vehemently to my comment shows that you are part of the circlejerk.
1	I'm not a very good player, i started playing a few months ago and am currently level 20. Recently i realized that i really like plaing jungle. Right now i usually play noc (trying to learn udyr as well, but i really really suck with him at the moment, can't get those ganks to work). I've started working out ganks pretty well now, i almost always end up with positive K:D and usually win us our lanes, but my problem is that people have started counterjungling, a strategy i am not familiar with. Do you have any quick "you should think about this" things about countering the counter jungling? (lol)
1	are you sure you dont have LSi installed and have the reddit custom landing page and thats why your seeing the
0	True story: my wife was in for a planned C-section, nothing dangerous per se, but the boy wasn't coming out on his own or with the help of big pharma.  So, my wife's in the operating room and 'getting ready' and I am in the hospital room in scrubs waiting for them to come get me, so I can do the obligatory cut the cord, give mommy support, etc.  Well, the candystriper girl (a volunteer, usually a young person), comes and gets me and brings me in the wrong door to the operating room, the door down by my wife’s feet rather than up by her head, where I was supposed to be behind a foot tall curtain covering the business area.  Welp, doctor was elbows deep in a ten-inch wide hole in my wife’s belly and just scooping the baby out (with related fluids and inside bits).  Blood is extremely red.  Didn’t faint, but they pulled me up behind the curtain really quick.
0	Your opinions are not bad, just ignorant and misinformed. Keep studying and stay in school and learn stuff so you can form better opinions later.   Just remember that true wisdom is the knowledge of knowing that you know nothing. Once you admit to your ignorance and misinformation, you gain wisdom and start learning things to discover the truth.
1	Morgana Was the very first champion I bought when I first joined League of Legends. I really liked her because of the simplicity of her spells (Land a Dark Binding and follow up with Tormented Soil.). This was back in Season 2. Also it was a recommendation by a friend because of my playstyle back in Season 2.   Now in Season 4, I feel like Morgana counters nearly every AP champion. Just because of the 3 second root and the shield that blocks all crowd control.   In teamfights, It's usually essential for the Morgana to have built a Zhonya's Hourglass, because people would try to kill her before the stun would wear off. (or to flash away, most of the time this happens.) When Morgana stuns all 5 of the enemy champions, The other 4 of your allies should easily finish them off.   This is just my opinion on her now. Obviously I don't main her because I have moved on from her. But in my heart, Morgana is still my very first champion. :)
0	I had a ex try this on me (I was 16 he was 18), so I did the responsible thing and called his parents. He called me later, furious that I told them. I explained to him that this was to be our final conversation, and if he contacted me again I would call his parents to let them know he was no longer allowed to talk to me and ask them to please enforce it on their end. I never heard from him again.
1	I would blame my teamates... but I know a whole load of shit about the game, but I can't execute a lot of it. I'm pretty inconsistent and I get too bored playing one role or champ for a long time.
1	I attended PAX East and cosplayed with a bunch of friends. My friends Melissa and Jess did Diana and Leona cosplays, IronStylus' creations. They tweeted to him about their costumes before the event and IronStylus replied saying he couldn't wait to see them and actually took him out of his busy schedule to meet us and even took pictures. Such a great guy. He's by far my favorite Rioter.
0	Higher proof alcohols help upper respiratory symptoms because they are both respiratory depressants and vasodilators, (opening up the tubings in the lungs to breath). The sore throat thing I believe in, but I don't know why.
0	Just because we don't know where you work doesn't mean there isn't a trance on your actions. If this truly happened I feel bad for your friend but your actions were immature and uncivilized, you will most likely have to deal with the consequences of what you've done. That said yes what he allegedly did was horrible, and if it did happen he should have a life time in jail, andI'm just guessing here because he has a "Verizon wireless account"(in quotes because you stated that you work for a different carrier) he probably isn't in jail. I feel that you acted irrationally, but I can't say that I wouldn't have acted otherwise because I haven't been in that position.   That was long winded.
1	Although it's true if the sample size is small, if the person is 15-40 with a hero, chances are there is something they aren't doing right, whether not teamfighting properly, not laning optimally, or not familiar enough with the mechanics of that champion.   Like my Vayne. I have horrible stats as Vayne, because even if I regularly win the laning phase, I always tend to mess up teamfighting.   My Kassadin is 82% winrate, and I can actually say, I can manage to carry as Kassadin even if some of my other lanes/jungle fails.   I do have to say streaks don't matter. That shouldn't be judged at all, knowing how tilt-like this game is.
1	OH COME ON CLG.EU LOST DUE TO JETLAG AND TRAVEL TIME
0	Like I said in a comment earlier, some government is needed to prevent outrageous economic gaps, however I do not believe the government should tell me how to live or that I should pay higher taxes so more people can receive welfare.
0	Until you can demonstrate that you have a working knowledge of what it would take to prove, which is substantially more than "simply demonstrating," states are continuing to violate civil rights (which you would know, if you knew what the fuck you were talking about), I'm just going to go tell you to go learn about what that takes or STFU.  I have and am putting in a great deal of money and time into making sure I know what that is, if you want to know, you do the same.  I won't waste my time trying to educate someone who will focus on legally and constitutionally irrelevant points and pretend like those points are actually important (because unless you've had the training, or are so incredibly brilliant as to understand these concepts in a functional way, and have done to reading to support that understanding, you will, because you all do.)
0	I've had a cyst rupture, and my appendix rupture (8 hr wait before surgery, then it ruptured, I collapsed, they rushed to open me up and had to carefully search for pockets of leaked puss -  I was 11 and it's a miracle I didn't get lockjaw).   My period is a very close 2nd to the cyst, normally. Sometimes feels like the appendix, aching down to my knees, up my back. I used to become anemic, diarrhea, nausea, claustrophobic, feels like a fever. So, so tired. Now I take iron and quietly shake and rock myself to sleep. If I can sleep. Can't go on BC because it messes with my system.  Sigh.  I was so proud to get my period when I had my first one. I was a woman! Yayyyy!!
1	I just perfer Japan because it has a lot more cultural stuff, and cherry blossoms
0	I live in a rural area and had a dog that used to stay outside at night.  One night, I woke up to the sound of lots of barking and noise. Animal noises are pretty common in my area so I didn't think much of it at first.  After a while, I had to go check out what was happening.  My dog was being attacked by a pack of 5 other dogs, 2 rottweilers and 3 mutts that were a little bit smaller than a lab.  I immediately ran out there with a 2x4 that I had out from working on the back deck. I hit the rottweilers as hard as I could but it didn't seem to phase them much and they started to come after me. I got bitten on the ass by one of the smaller mutts and realized I was outmatched having only a piece of wood. I managed to get back inside my house.  I immediately ran to my gun safe and grabbed a 20 ga shotgun with only birdshot rounds. I went back outside and ended up taking three shots at these dogs before they ran off.  My dog had over 200 puncture wounds from the smaller dogs nipping at him while the rottweilers caused major trauma.  Luckily my dog pulled through.  Since I live in a small town, we know most of our neighbors pretty well and I happened to know who owned these dogs so I called him and told him what happened.  The owner of the dogs came to my house yelling and screaming at me because I had shot his dog in the face.  I didn't participate in the yelling and simply went to the gunsafe and got a pistol. I went back over to his house and put 2 rounds into each of the 5 dogs and then one more into each of the rottweilers for good measure. This guy began freaking out as is to be expected and the only thing I said to him was "get a fucking poodle."  I feel no regret on my actions here except that the guy had kids who were watching through the window. On the plus side, he now owns two poodles and we've settled things up.
0	You kind of answered your own (rethorical) question. The world is in 3D. That's why you would want to watch movies in 3D. It's more realistic.   Unfortunately, we are living in a time where the technology for 3D movies are imperfect, and we are still learning about the effects they have. For some, they give people headaches. Glasses-free technology is still imperfect as well, because you have to be at a specific position to see it properly, which would be even harder to implement in a theater because there are a hundred different eyes facing the screen at different positions.   Luckily, right now you have the option to see it in 2D and 3D. I personally enjoyed it in 3D (at first, there was some very weird things going on, but half way into it, I had completely forgotten about it and was amazed). Hopefully, they'll fix the technological issues (soon) where almost everyone will be able to enjoy movies and TV without the extra cost or problems (and they'll make the movies without even thinking about the 3D effects).
1	I would argue that WE's bot lane was never off the track. Weixiao did poorly in 2 games which he threw, and those losses were not due to him playing poorly throughout, but rather a couple of key mistakes that were made at specific points in the game. And even in those two games weixiao stomped his lane and had a significant cs lead and also decent kda. However weixiao is always very hard on himself and since those two games were undeniably thrown entirely by him, he apologized online and people who read that apology and did not actually see the games just automatically assumed that weixiao was on a "slump". Also his performance at all-stars isn't indicative of his status since he was laning with xiaoxiao, who is generally considered as much worse than fzzf as a support.
1	Inb4 my house will be raided by a CIA-Taskforce but building a shroomfortress (or shroomapalooza) as AP-Teemo around Baron is just pure joy for me.
1	I think if the argument hear is harassment then Riot should make it so you can disable the boarder if you wish.   However I do not believe that is why everyone is upset and up voting this.  The pros listed here are trying to say that it is easier to get gold in 3's. I will say that I believe that to be true in actual gameplay but not everyone has friends in league. Not everyone who has friends has a flexible schedule to play on ranked teams.   What does that have to do with anything? I would say that it is easier for many maybe not a majority but many to get gold or higher in solo q than taking time to organize and play with a team.   If we took the logic presented by upset solo q players and applied that to people that only play ranked 5's and normals for their solo q they would make a case that solo q doesn't deserve the same rewards as them because it is "harder".
1	Locket, coin and tank items like Randiuns are of more use when utilized in a team with great individual champs who can hold their own vs an AoE-damage enemy: The first two for AoE buffs, the latter to strengthen the "weakest link" in a team.   Mikael's importance lies in countering the emerging assassin/single-target burst teams, which aim to CC-lock and incapacitate a target to gain a numbers-advantage for the following skirmish. The added ability to save said (usually high-priority)target that mikael's grants, allows for more aggressive builds on that person's part while increasing the chance of fighting an even battle for longer. The same goes for Face of the mountain, except that it doesn't cleanse.
0	Don't they address this issue in TDK? (I only vaguely remember this scene, it might be in BB) Somebody comes to Lucius trying to blackmail Batman for money because he basically figures out that Batman is getting his gear from applied sciences and Lucius simply replies to him by asking him if he is trying to blackmail a person who beats up criminal in his spare time. That comment is enough to keep the man from leaking the information. I feel that this would be enough to keep the people of applied sciences quiet for they would almost certainly figure this out, that if any of them squeal Batman may come to silence them. After all the public view of Batman is crazy vigilante.
0	Still don't see an issue with it.   My main argument for? Simple, ex-fiancee.   Reason being?   IF I am willing to commit to someone, and they in turn tell me they are willing to commit, thus fiance and fiancee level or relationship, then   a.) I trust this person,   b.) I love this person, and   c.) I can picture a future with this person.   However, if said commitment is broken because   a.) fiancee cheated on me then I assume   b.) fiancee never loved me which in turn promotes in me   c.) not giving a fuck about ex-fiancee anymore and   d.) the desire to inflict same amount of pain in return.   Now were it simply a girlfriend, I would 100% support your position, but it's a woman this man trusted enough that he was willing to spend his life with and she broke that trust. Trust should rarely be given but earned, however people give it easily and so when trust is broken it will rarely be mended.   So if I told my ex-fiancee how I thought it was ironic that karma was a bitch since her new partner died, like how she's probably dead to me, then I do not think it's fucked up.
0	Little back story I suppose. Lived in a townhouse development. The association had our parking lot lines repainted. My wife works from home and since she was parked in a guest spot next to his reserved spot, they didn't paint a line that was part of his spot.   He and myself came home at the same time and he mumbled that we were disrespectful for parking next to his spot, I confronted him and he blamed us for the unpainted line and told us to park somewhere else (this is already dumb..). They missed a lot of lines in the complex and I thought it was common sense that they were coming back to repaint.   Well they did and they got his line painted. However, after that we hadn't spoken or said hello to each other. I just ignored him cause of how idiotic that had became. He must have had some rage built up from that.   A month or 2 later, took my dog out to go. Always pick up the dogs crap cause the kids are always running out around back. He came out from his sliding doors and started yelling at me and told me he was going to poison the yard. I laughed and the only thing that came out of my mouth was "Go for it, your kids play back here almost everyday". That pissed him off more so he grabbed his phone and pretended to be call the cops. I just went inside and that's basically how it ended.
1	There is actually a process, reports never go 'straight to the trib', they need to accumilate to enough of a degree for you to enter the tribrunal system then  you will be put up for review with a random selection of games in which you were reported. Then we can vote and PUNISH XD
1	The way I see it, you're just in a bracket that discourages experimentation and strives for progress - where people know enough about the game not to auto-attack creeps from the start and to keep dragon/baron warded most of the time, to have very good working knowledge of a number of champs in each role, but have not yet mastered those concepts and champions enough to deviate in meaningful ways from the norm.   At low Elo brackets, you will see players who are stumbling around in the game, know only a few strategies of the game, or are too inconsistent to apply what they know.  In the middle brackets you'll see players who are comfortable with basic game mechanics, but are not well versed in the competitive scene.  At this level, many underpowered champs are common because the overpowered champs don't have their strengths exploited every game, making nearly any champ or comp viable.   The top percentile of players -  the ones we watch streaming and playing in Dreamhack - can last hit and gauge good times to teamfight while half-asleep because they have mastered those basics of the game, and use most of their brainpower to exploit the opponent's (and not just the opponent's champion) strengths and weaknesses.  Last hitting and pulling off combos are second-nature, freeing up their concentration to other areas.   In your bracket, we have players who follow the higher brackets, know enough about the game to wreck weaker champs by counter-picking the enemy, and by and large follow the strategic conventions of the game.  Most of the people around you will be sophomoric - they know many things about the game, can wreck the population in lower Elos (which is a sizable majority of the player pool), know a few champions like the back of their hand, BUT they haven't yet achieved superior mastery of these basic and intermediate mechanics.  They seek to become 1800+, to achieve mastery of the game, but still have deficits in some areas.   So what tends to happen (and what happens in a lot of games - arena WOW comes to mind, as does Street Fighter) is that this group of players -  who are serious about the game and have enough of the requisite skills to make a determined run at the top ranks - stick to powerful, tried and true methods to make their runs at the top.  They've seen what works, and they know what does not usually work.  Because they have the goal to improve their rating, only the popular competitive picks are taken seriously, because 95% of the time, non-standard picks are noticeably weaker than a standard alternative.   Picking an underpowered champion and doing something abnormal is a long shot choice, usually a failure.  Yes, Hotshot popularized Nidalee when she was not very popular, but how many times does that really happen?  These non-standard builds are almost always non-standard after others have tested them and failed, and the ones that are successful usually do so because of an ingenious playstyle exploited a weakness in the metagame.   (I kind of trailed off the point toward the end...)
0	Well put. I would still counter that personal computing has been around long enough. If someone is in an office, any office, in any capacity today, they would need to know enough to produce a word document. To even turn one on and to know which program to use, as well as find, requires a certain level of computer literacy. Where as perhaps 20 even 10 years ago, this understandably would have been common.
1	League of Legends and other MOBA games create the "perfect storm" for encountering bad mannered players. In my eyes, the biggest factors are:   1.) The anonymity of the internet. You can be the biggest asshole on the internet without feeling guilty or facing any significant consequence.   2.) LoL is a team-based game. It is always easier to blame your teammates for a loss than to criticize yourself for not playing perfectly. Additionally, blaming someone else takes attention away from your own mistakes.   3.) The majority of LoL players have a very shallow understand of general game strategy. I'm referring to players not understanding the roles of certain heroes, strengths and weaknesses of one team composition vs. another team composition, map positioning and awareness, etc.   4.) Differences in playing styles and expectations. For example, some players lane extremely aggressively and have a very gank-oriented play-style. Other players are more passive/defensive in lane and have farm-oriented play-styles. Consider a scenario where the aggro player tower dives for a kill and the passive player hesitates to tower dive. If one of them dives and dies, often times you will hear the aggro player say "zzz why didn't you tower dive?" and the passive player say "zzz why DID you tower dive?" In reality, if both players tower dived they would probably get the kill and not die. On the other hand, if neither player tower dived, they would both be fine as well. This is just a lack of player synergy.
0	I started doing that same thing when I was about 16, because my mother would acuse me of sneaking out. After she accidentally found out about the pee cups she then assumes I did it because I brought someone (a random guy or someshit) into my room and didn't want him to wake her up.
0	I have a weird opinion on this that I think would be controversial here.   Just because a person wears revealing/suggestive/sexual clothing, that in no way gives anyone the right to make them feel uncomfortable by staring at them (or checking them out).   However, just because it shouldn't happen, doesn't mean it won't. I'm not saying you are terrible if you do check them out, that's normal human behavior. Psychologically, it's what we are prone to do. So therefore, those who wear that clothing should be EXPECTING it to happen!   A good comparison is the kids who wear animal tails/ears in high school to school.   Yes, if someone calls you out on it and comments on it (doesn't have to be an insult) and that makes you uncomfortable, well you have every right to ask them not to do that again.   But don't be that person who wears it and then acts FUCKING SURPRISED AND SPECIFICALLY TARGETED when it happens. By wearing something outside "common" clothing, you should expect responses that are also uncommon. Doesn't make it right, it's just we don't live in some ideal world where people can so easily do the right thing   I check out girls in skimpy outfits too. I try not to, but I'm not perfect and can be tempted. If a girl caught me and calmly said "look, I appreciate it, but you are making me a bit uncomfortable" I would be fucking fine with that. I'd apologize and find a way to ensure it doesn't happen again.
1	literally no chance. if you go watch a single OGN game this summer, you would find out that Koreans are really hype train. NA is like 7 years kid in front of Koreans 18 years great athletes. China would be the closest region so far to Korean teams.
1	Back when Evelyn just got a rework everyone was complaining that she was still terrible.   Well, I happened to watch some LoL tournament where a guy (Shooshie? Shushi? Some chubby white european guy with black hair) was claiming that she's an amazing mid. Well, he played Eve, and even though his team lost miserably, he consistently did decent with her despite the rest of his team getting destroyed.   So I buy her and try her out. Holy. Shit. She was AMAZING at mid! Literally every game I was stomping. Very easy to play, good farm, great ganks, tiny learning curve.   But every time people would throw a shitstorm at me for trying to go Eve mid. I'm a troll, I'm an idiot, I'm going to feed, no you're not allowed to pick her, etc.   Every game I had a ridiculously good record. Every mid was won, nearly all games were won because my ganks were so unfair. Yet every time I played with new people they'd give me the same grief.   So run whatever the hell you want. 99% of people will assume X champ is good/bad solely on how often they're played in pro tournaments. People don't realize, however, that they're picking based on team comps, counterpicks, the meta, etc, and most of this has little to no value to an average solo q player. And sometimes the pros don't realize something is good! Ezreal was untouched for like a year before "suddenly" he was overpowered and everyone played him.
0	so called minorities   In the USA, white people are the majority at 64% of the population. Followed by latinos at roughly 16% and black people at roughly 13% ([Source.]( It's not 'so-called', they are literally minorities.   African Americans as a demographic are at a significant disadvantage for a huge ream of historical reasons, the big one being slavery. Unlike white Americans or other immigrant groups, they have not been afforded the same opportunities for advancement over the same length of time.   While there are still lingering squibs of racism in the US (read The New Jim Crow by Michelle Alexander if you're interested) the main causes of African American socioeconomic issues are the facts that their influence in politics has been significantly curtailed in the 20th Century by repressive voting laws, that slavery and later segregation significantly hurt black communities' literacy and employability, and racism amongst that employers meant that it was (and to an extent, is today) harder for a black person to get gainful employment with disposable income.   As I've said before, poverty is self-perpetuating. I think that it's likely that in the next 50-100 years we'll see the demographic as a whole 'catch up' with other ethnic groups who did not suffer these setbacks during the last couple of centuries, although this is only speculation.   The idea is that if you think of the real starting point for advancement as being around the time of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (an arbitrary point, I know, and feel free to disagree) in terms of legally-protected opportunities for education and employment, the African American demographic has only had 50 years to improve its own situation without legal restriction.   Long story short, the African American community is very much the victim of massive and open institutional racism which has demonstrably damaged its socioeconomic position, and has only had a few short decades to recover. It is unsurprising that poverty and crime rates are high due to this massive historical disadvantage. It's not because they're black. It's because many African Americans are poor, and many of them are poor because their parents were poor, and their grandparents were poor. And that's because their great-great-grandparents were property, and there's been a lot of catching up to do.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
1	OP, I know that feel all too well.   The best advice I can give is to not play when you don't really want to play - at the end of the day it's just a game and the objective should be to extract some kind of enjoyment out of it, whether that enjoyment comes from playing with some friends, or stomping noobs, or trying new strategies, whatever you enjoy in the game, focus on that, and if you find nothing is enjoyable then it can be best to take a break.   I've played LoL pretty much since its release, and have taken multiple breaks through the years - at one point I stopped and didn't login for about ~8 months.   I used to play almost exclusively ranked when I first reached level 30, through most of S1 and about half of S2, I amassed about ~1k-1.5k ranked games. Eventually though, playing ranked extracted almost all of the fun out of the game for me. From the rage and QQ, to being pigeon holed into roles I either don't like, or am not very good at, I pretty much stopped playing ranked altogether. Now I have about ~2k normal games played and have never really looked back. I get to play what I want far more often in normals, and I notice the atmosphere is generally healthier, of course there is rage from time to time, but not as bad as ranked. It's amazing what those imaginary internet numbers do to people.   After I made the switch to playing mainly normal games (I do on rare occasion play ranked, have played about ~10 games this season) my enjoyment really increased. Now I can treat it more "like a game" instead of this life-or-death competition that everyone seems to turn it into. I do enjoy competition of course, but it's all the negative traits that come along with it, and all the sore losers, that really spoil it for me. I mean I played a lot of sports growing up, and I can remember winning games against opposing teams and almost never did they walk up with some lame excuse or insult after they got beat. It's much easier to emit hate on the internet.
1	Are you just arguing for the sake of argument? or do you really not see why this person deserves a ban, or at the very least, to be reported? No one said he deserves jail time or a $10,000 fine. He said he deserves to be suspended or banned from a game that he treats like a punching bag. If you just feel like pointing out the other side, sure, go ahead, but most will disagree with you, since behavior like that Nasus' ruins the fun for everyone. If you actually think that behavior doesn't deserve some kind of punishment, then you, sir, are what is wrong with this game, why every time decent people go into a queue with as few as 4 people, they are met with nothing but idiocy, and have to wade through a near-hour of this kind of trash.
0	I was at a party a while ago and a friend brought his girlfriend from Oslo, Norway; everyone else went to the same school in California. Apparently no one else there was interested in talking to her and she was just standing alone, visibly uncomfortably in the darkest part of the room. I walked up and asked her what was wrong and she said, "nobody here is interested in anybody's unique experience, or where i came from. no one will ask me questions, or even bother to figure out how to say my name correctly."   I guess most people I know get uncomfortable when they have to ask people to repeat things. She has a thick accent and an unusual (for an American) name. I think the main difference between myself and most people I know is that I am not embarrassed to ask people to repeat themselves if I don't understand them the first time they say things. I am legitimately curious as to our social differences, and having a language and/or cultural barrier makes me all the more interested in finding a common ground. It sucks when someone won't take the time to TRY to understand where you're coming from, or even put in the effort to pronounce your first name.
0	Came here to find you or someone else who recalled. Got buried with everyone's fucking "thing they wanted to get off their chest" about this shit.
0	Ad hominem. No allergies. I am a chemical engineer and do not work in food service. I don't feel strongly about my BiL and his eating habits and I didn't expect such a strong reaction from my passing comment. Regardless, I am interested in the debate my anecdote has sparked. Personally, I learned a bit about the difference between an allergy and an intolerance and how each must be handled differently from a food service perspective.   Allergies are very different than intolerance when it comes to food prep. In one case, the cook can avoid using gluten as an ingredient and the customer is fine, for an allergy he/she must clean all their tools and surfaces to avoid even minor contamination. Understand the difference from the perspective of those that prepare your food. People think its easier to simply claim an allergy than explain their mild intolerance or even their simple dislike for an ingredient. It makes a big difference to the people in the kitchen, because this meme seems to have struck a cord with both sides.
1	Music (noun): an art of sound in time that expresses ideas and emotions in significant forms through the elements of rhythm, melody, harmony, and color.   Does Dubstep have rhythm? Undeniably, that's what most people complain about is that the beat/rhythm is too heavy. Dubstep has melody lines that sync with the bass lines. I don't think anybody without frustrated angry child bias would say that Dubstep is not music.   Music is an art and art is subjective. Since we've already figured out that Dubstep is music, this means that it is art and judged on a subjective scale. You can say that you don't think Dubstep is good music/art, but you cannot say that it is objectively and inherently bad.
0	Exact same thing happened to me for a final project in my senior year of undergrad.  Guy could barely speak English, which I totally did not hold against him, till he turned in my paper which had no grammar errors.  Teacher knew he stole it from me yet I was the one who had to re-write my entire report because of this fuckwad, or he would fail me and turn me into the disciplinary board.  He couldn't even do the research part correctly and constantly asked for others' help.
1	I wanted to answer so many individually but Ill cover it all here.     To those people insisting that "OMG what if I get disconnected or my power goes out blah blah blah" All I can say is, deal with it. Its bound to happen with every system. Power goes out, you leave a game? Guess what, the leaverbuster just marked you down as leaving a game. The point isnt about what the system does for you, you arent the only player, you arent entitled to some magical exemption. Shit happens, its always going to happen no matter what system is in place. Deal with it, and look at the bigger picture rather than saying everyone has to focus on you.     To you people saying "OMG WHAT IF I GET TROLL REPORTED!?!?" The smite goodwill system, as far as I know, doesnt put you at 0 because you got reported. It just doesnt give you that +6%. There are ALWAYS going to be trolls, no matter what system there is. There is always going to be that random asshole who reports everyone because he is a toxic, spiteful, little shit who wants to watch the world burn. This whole "we cant have nice thing because trolls would just ruin it" is a troll statement in and of itself. Odds are, you are probably that troll, seeing as you have no faith in your fellow players, and most likely whine every game. Either that, or you fear like you are going to be punished and never get anywhere yourself.
0	The only thing that I know my father to have stolen is a gas station squeegee, and he did it in front of me.   When I was 15, learning to drive and take care of a car my dad and I stopped in to fill up the tank at a local gas station.  I'm sitting in the passenger seat of the '69 convertible Beetle that I would spend the rest of my teenagehood driving while my dad gassed up and we chatted.   Suddenly, the pump starts spraying gas everywhere. All over the car, my dad, myself, the pump, the ground, you name it.  He finally gets it to stop and heads inside to talk to the attendant.   As I am cleaning up what I can, my dad storms out tells me to get in the car, grabs the squeegee and tosses it into the passenger seat with me. We drove off quickly.   I turned to my always calm father and asked what happened. He said matter of factly, "He told me that they wouldn't reimburse me for the gas that was wasted.  I just wanted them to fix it so it doesn't happen again."   "What about this?" I said grabbing the squeegee.   "I don't know."   "OK"
1	According to this forum post I found]( TSM got banned from IEMs in 2012 for only 1 year. As far as I know they are currently eligible, but I also found this comment on [this forum post](   "TSM ragequit from IEM tournaments over a year ago. They ditched the qualifier tournaments because they wouldn't let them stream the matches and ever since then they haven't gone to an IEM."   Mind you this was written in 2013.
1	One person has done this to me in 15 months. And I am BAD at this game. I'm not saying you're doing anything to provoke it, but... the odds that you get (65 {weeks I've played} * 15 {people this week} ) about 1000 times as  many people doing this as me, when I can admit that I have sometimes complained vociferously about my team, is unbelievable.
1	On the Nautilus vs Vi analysis -   Q - the hitbox difference seems to be pretty huge, just as the fact that Vi will usually max it first - fluffing a q is a huge deal in that situation -  and needs to charge it. Oh, and naut q pulls the target.   W - %hp and shred might be nice, but the Naut shield really adds up later. Especially that, on such a tank, it is not easy to break, while at the same time having to be broken in order to stop him from applying the aoe burn. Vi's w requires her to attack a target repeatedly and is limited to one person.   E - again, it's not "just some aoe with a slow". Insofar, naut has his passive, his q and now this, Vi has a charged-up mini-knockup. That really does make a difference.   R - kind of have to agree here, with but one remark - r forces Vi to go to someone, Naut can always R someone and then peel or engage another target while the primary one is ripped to shreds by an assasin or whatnot.   Overall, Vi and Naut both fulfill different roles and trying to compare them is just impractical, and OP's comparison was based on trying to show how Naut's weaker than Vi in the bruiser category. He is but, frankly, I'd rather have him ganking and teamfighting than her. The problem with the jungle, in my opinion, is based solemnly on tank's slower clears and being prone to counterjungling.
0	OK here's what is happening.   The scale measures the downward force of gravity acting on it and everything on it. When you put something on it gently, it works fine.  If you drop the item hard or push it down quickly (or in my case your kid touches the damn scale) it goes nuts detecting extra downward force. It "sees" this as an extra item, extra weight.  After a moment, that extra force goes away and it notices the correct weight again.   I find it also gets mad at me if I pick up the item to double-bag it, or when I move the bag off the rack to open another.
0	I'm going to have to say that you're wrong to some extent. there are people so incredibly smart that calc is incredibly easy for them. As someone who has also taken calculus, i know many people who just did things by intuition. The best math students I saw, which were quite a few, learned the basics and then just applied them to more advanced concepts. I think by intuitive skill you mean more of a conceptual style of solving, whereas with the theorem based studying you're referring to more of a rote memorization of a method and then following that method each time, and I don't think that everyone needs to memorize to do well in a math class.
1	Simple solution to TwitchTV's crappy website  *   There is a simple solution for this, TwitchTV is the gaming redirect for JustinTV, go to  and sign up there, then go to their games section at  , find what you are looking for there, and it will redirect to TwitchTV without you having to deal with their shit website.
0	You're not wrong.. You're just an asshole.   That's all I can think when I see posts like this. "Hey, we shouldn't celebrate people who quit doing meth. Celebrate people who never touched it!" It's the same kind of logic. Yeah, clearly it's awesome that you did things the right way. And clearly we should respect the shit out of all good parents (and honestly, I think most people do, so.. yeah).   It's better not to get knocked up early but you need to bear in mind that there are a lot of reasons people end up single parents. Even IF it's the scenario you're imagining (something like: accidental pregnancy when the woman is only 18), condoms break and pregnancies happen to the most responsible people. My friend's sister has gotten pregnant TWICE while on birth control pills. Not due to user error - she's just mad fertile.   And even when they did just fuck up at a young age, people are just respecting the fact that they had to work really hard due to that mistake and it's a great thing when they do a good job at rasing that kid. Parenthood is always hard but damn, it's harder when you're on your own. People are just saying "Hey, you did a really good job dealing with a tough situation. I respect that." They're not saying "You put all two parent households to shame! Those guys are lazy becuase there's two of them."
1	Opened this post, no
1	I think we all can agree that Elo is not the most efficient or the best measure of skill but unless you can find another measure of a person's skill then Elo does its job.  It's simple and it's something that cannot be gamed.  You win, you go up in rank. You lose, you go down in rank.  Therefore, in an Elo system the primary goal of players is to win.  Not to rack up kills, get creeps or to score high in some imaginary point system.  The goal of everyone is to win.  If you make a system where each person is ranked according to his own individual performance then ultimately you create a system that is asking to be gamed.  If kills give the most points, everyone will play assasins and damage dealers.  If pushing towers give the most points, then people will start playing strong pushing champions.  If assists give the most points then everyone starts playing aoe champions.  The point is that Elo may be a flawed system but it is the least flawed system out there. The fact that there is a strong correlation between Elo and player skill (There's a lot more pro players in the platinum bracket than in the gold bracket) only proves that the system works.
1	Well, in season 2 I had reached 1250~ elo bad suddenly I dropped to 600 elo because of so many afkers, trolls, feeders etc. Anyway, I just waited for the new season patiently and now I am in Silver I with 95 LPs. (
1	No, no, I'm not taking his word for it, I'm skeptical, too.  But the post in question was intentionally designed to use a logical trick to intentionally discredit a dissenting opinion, and I called it out solely to be devil's advocate.  This particular guy is more likely a crock of shit than not, yes.  But the reply was obviously and deliberately deceitful to play down the fact that, yes, maybe our community has some problems with how we treat each other.   EDIT: The
1	I remember another post about negative experiences with these guys, specifically ElderDreams. I don't wanna search for it, haha but I haven't heard of many positive experiences in dealing with them (probably because if it's a good experience, people don't feel the need to comment on it).   Erebus seems to have his head on straight, but who knows. It could be a front he puts on for the public. Who knows, I'm sure he's an okay guy but in that case he needs GOOD staff to represent the organization. You might be the face of the company, but the customers have to deal with your grunts...
1	bot game...real.     too mana dependent     only has dash/slow for ganking before 6, blocked by minions and can be dodged     somewhat difficult to set up good displacement with ult for ganking, esp since everyone takes flash     he's useless lategame except for the ult, since less gold/xp in jungle and he won't get enough farm to effectively build ap
0	I think it's situational though, using a working example-if I were dating a girl that would like to dress up in a dinner gown when we're just watching Netflix together on a regular Wednesday evening- would wonder what was wrong with her.. If she wanted to wear a swimsuit top with sweatpants to a wedding or an office job interview, once again, I would once again wonder what was wrong with her. The reason I would question her decision-making is because what we wear is reflective of our situational judgment (i.e. why people wear black at funerals). We might not agree with these norms necessarily but we still follow them knowing that we can empathize with societal bounds that are important to people we care about (the family at the funeral or wedding, for example).   I think people are judged most on how they dress when they are at work or going out (two situations where status is displayed, in one way or another). These two situation are where one's image displays some form of professionalism (in the former, obviously) and attraction (in the latter). Obviously factors such as workplace culture and geographic location (since people dress differently in different parts of the world) or even time period for that matter (people’s definition of dressing well changes over time) are going to create variances in what people wear-but I think you get the point.   As a single person trying to attract a potential significant other, dressing well helps not only accentuate physical characteristics of a person’s features and individual style  but also demonstrates knowledge of aforementioned societal aspects.
1	There's a point when you have to manipulate the situation so that your teammates get the kills so they can get fed and be able to help you out later.   I mean I do all the damage, but I know my caitlyn has been starved so I stun the enemy and don't finish my combo if I know she's in a spot to take the kill and they are worth something.   I see the same with minion farming too, it's nice to be ahead, but I don't care how good you may be, 1v5 is alot harder than 2v5 and so on.
1	But, what is riot going to fix?   He, at the moment, is an assasin, feels like an assasin, should be played as one.   Before "nerfs", khazix should've been an assasin, but he was like tanky initiator assasin because of 50% damage reduction and was played like one. People didn't search for isolated targets, but still deal a lot of damage   After these "nerfs", khazix can no initiate and tank everybody like he was doing before (which is actually good!), and deals TONS of damage if the target is isolated but deals decent damage if isn't, making him an high risk and high reward assasin, who has a healthy counterplay.
1	Hold on. You admit she has a debuff but seem to believe to be a dedicated support you need to buff and ally? Are you trying to say the only true supports are those with heals or shields?   Im afraid your wrong, a support is a champion who usually has some form of cc who is able to do without much gold or items. That is the one characteristic all supports have. There are many different types of supports and all provide some form of utility that is often not found on other kits with out a serious gold need to be effective. Sustain, shields and general cc/utility is often normal. Supports like leona, blitz, thresh, zyra, even other unorthadox picks such as vbear, and lb offer some form of utility while needing little gold. Leona offers her cc lock ups that are good at all lvls in a game no matter how much gold you have- thats why people play her support bc she is able to provide that utility starting at lvl2. Zyra on the other hand is played support bc of her high dmg outputs without items- on top of her high utility kit. Unorthadox picks like lb or vbear are picked for burst and innate tankiness/cc respectively. The last three are champions to be nit picky about because they are played else where. Leona on the other hand doesnt really have other roles she can fill effectively.
1	This is the way things work out:   If LMQ gets destroyed at worlds, it shines negatively on China, and on NA. If LMQ can work their way to worlds in a short time and be destroyed internationally that shows a dilution in NA and negatively represents our region in terms of talent at the professional/semi level, since they came through the NALCS to get to worlds showing our pro-level as weaker. If they absolutely demolish the competition the positive effects won't carry over to NA as a region entirely. The international level will view LMQ as, "that Chinese team that went to NA" and the positive light will shine on the higher level of China and not accent and represent the higher levels of play in NA. (They are a Chinese team, playing in NA. It's really that simple)   TSM's results won't be judged the same way as the organization itself has been based out of NA for so long, but people will still be able to make the comment that the Dia/Challenger talent isnt represented internationally seeing as the majority of their roster is composed of foreign players. (Bjerg, Amazing, Lustboy). Dyrus and Tutle are shining NA stars, but TSM represents a...cliche idea of a melting pot of talents and ideas much like NA has been known to bring in through ALL walks of life. Not just e-sports.   Fans and players of all levels are completely allowed to feel discouraged. The players that they've loved for so long that have helped them cultivate their own talents, and NA as a region are not representing them at the international level. Instead they are being represented by foreign players that, in MY OWN VIEW NOT ANYONE ELSE's, came here for an easier ride to worlds because NA is traditionally a weaker region as a whole. (this is more of a business aspect than anything I feel) This leads to a major amount of butthurt fans, me being one of them.   These organizations do what they do for their own monetary gains, and honestly don't consider how the region of NA is viewed at the talent level of this game at all, and will do what they have to and bring in whoever they can to make a name for their brands. That's business.   But as I said, the NA scene isn't truly represented by the teams attending Worlds this year. The only way that NA truly represents itself in the proper fashion (from a native fan view) of actually cultivating talent and displaying it at max level is if C9 performs as EVERY member of their roster is native to the countries of NA.   I love and respect all the teams of the NA LCS, this includes the foreign players of the region. But people have to account that our region does suffer when others come over for an easier trip to worlds as the e-sports and pre-professional levels of this game are still being cultivated here. Some players are realizing that they WANT to do this with theirs lives, they WANT to be these voices of e-sports and represent NA at the international level, they have the passion to do these things. But at a business level they will never be able to achieve this seeing as despite however seriously we take this game throughout all of NA it will still be viewed as a game to the citizens of this region so we will probably NEVER be able to attain the god-like status/skills that players possess in the Asian regions.   NA players make too many mistakes, and in my view us and EU are probably the most human players of all the regions. We represent passion and drive, and not always maximum skill. Though we are good we may never be great, and the only way we can obtain this greatness is if players at the higher levels of Challenger and Diamond sacrifice their ego's and if E-sports clubs and businesses form and take risks with generally inconsistent players of this region.   Which is bad business. So our region will never truly be represented at the international level until another rag-tag team of NA heroes comes in like a wrecking ball and stands along side C9 with a similar story as theirs.
0	Mental issues? So a third of the country has mental issues?   You realize there a plenty of regular ol' overweight people who just never learned proper portion control, right? It's a country wide cultural problem 30+ years in the making. Increase in poverty, the rise of dual-income households and takeout, increase in indoor entertainment, decrease in PE funding, increase in restaurant portions and free refills, emphasis on sweets/processed food for a few generations of children.   A 400 lb person probably has some serious personal issues to worth on, yes. But a 200 lb person? There are plenty of happy-go-lucky overweight people who simply need to make better dietary choices and improve their eating habits.
1	Low elo people who copy Trick2g were low elo to begin with. They were low because they feed and lose most of their games. Their feeding is completely unrelated to strategy and is entirely due to the fact they are low elo and don't know what to do in the first place.   They now can feed trying to copy a strategy, which as I see it is an improvement. Betterr than doing arams for 30 minutes trying to end the game because both teams constantly throw.
0	I claimed ~7 years experience on my resume for calling bingo a couple hours a week every Wednesday at a local "luxury" nursing home. I got really close to that group, and they were always punctual, friendly faces who always had the best stories! If you're going into medicine or psychology, it definitely helps. You learn a lot about the frustrations and fears that come with getting older, including depression, grief, and how people cope with it those feelings.   Related story: This is going to sound a little weird, but you'll never know the emptiness and loneliness that accompanies an extended stay in a "luxury" nursing home. I volunteered at this home from the ages of 12-19, and I was the only Bingo caller that they had during that time. Even if I called in advance in the case that I was sick, had to study for a test, or notified the program director that I would be leaving town for a few days there just simply wasn't anyone to replace me.   The only reason that I even stopped was because the last woman from the original group died a couple years ago at the ripe old age of 97. Honestly, I couldn't handle the loss that time and I quit the week after it happened. She was my favorite, and I always made it a point to visit with her. She always made me feel better on my shittiest day, and I always tried to help her out whenever she was down, too. I believe her son only visited about 6 or 7 times during the first five years that I volunteered there. At most twice a year. It wasn't until it was very close to the end that he finally started to come around and actually bring the family with him. I think she was the most emotional during this period of time. That last fall had broken the other hip, which forced her into the wheelchair for good. It wasn't long afterwards that she fell into a deep depression coupled with grief over her disability. I would wheel her back to her room after bingo, and she'd start to bawl; however, I will always remember her as she was before the accident. She was sharp, funny, and her name was Mrs. Celia. I miss her dearly.   In summary, you can gain a lot of life experience volunteering for what only seems like a couple hours a week. It's experiences like this that will change your own life, the lives of others, and may even impress an interviewer one day because you took the time to do that instead of something fleeting.
1	There was a time (when they fixed the multicast bug where you could use rank 5 W+Q at the same cast) that almost all the D1 mains completely stopped playing Rengar.   The reason was because, that ability was what helped Rengar have a decent laning phase against just about any lane match-up.   There were a few months where they would play maybe 2-5 rengar games and then be playing other champs. No longer spamming Rengar all day, every day.   This may have changed over time, but after that fix Rengar was basically nonexistant. I remember during that time OnlyRengar was playing on a silver smurf and had abandoned his main account. Daemonchorro had played other champs/ the occasional game to prevent decay. etc. etc.
1	Look closely.   > The making of a toxic douchebag ...   >... like me. This is less a rant, I am actually pretty calm right now, but more of an explanation, why there are people like me in this game, shouting at others and telling them after the game to leave ranked. If it happens to you over and over and over again that you bring your team in the lead, win lanes for them, push towers away etc. etc. etc. (see typical!!!! screenshot) and they refuse to listen to you, even though you ask them politely, i.e. without any "fk", "fking", etc. then I get mad and then I tell them, how they piss me off and why this community is so terrible. You will find a lot of tryhards in ranked like me. And you should accept it, as it clearly is a difference in words, when you compare it: normal -- ranked. It is NOT the same.
0	So. I totally know where you're coming from. I had brain damage and short term memory loss. There is a gap in my life that I just simply cannot remember. I have memories based on what people tell me happened and pictures, but they're not actual memories.   It really embarrassed me for a long time. I hated telling people because there was always the inevitable asshole with the über witty comment of,"oh, so that's wrong with you. HAHA!"   I can honestly say...it gets better. Create a system of writing yourself notes, emailing yourself, and your smartphone is your friend. It has totally revolutionized my capability for organization and memory.
0	In reality, I don't think many people retreated that had a duty to.  The duty to retreat came about because it could turn confrontations where someone WILL get hurt into confrontations where maybe no one would.  This was better, in the opinion of lawmakers, than potential harm to one of the people.  Tactically, it's dumb to turn your back, but most people looking to start a fight wouldn't pursue.  Most people would just be looking to intimidate you, look tough to their friends, etc.  The portion that isn't included (crazy people just looking to hurt people, thieves, etc) may or may not chase.   In theory, duty to retreat would give people some incentive to run.   It also has a lot of grey areas.  What if you're running and they're taking swings at your back?  Can you attempt to stop them or do you just take punches in the back until you can't retreat anymore at which point you can shoot them?  Do you have to retreat if they're shooting at you and you've got a perfectly good gun and no easy way out?  You get the picture.   Stand your ground basically just says that people have no duty to retreat, and if someone wants to come start shit with them then they're welcome to defend themselves as much as necessary.  However, the argument as old as time itself, 'he started it!' would probably apply to both people.  So what if two people are having a pretty good little brawl when one decides it's no longer a little brawl, that the other person is trying to kill them.  So they reach for their gun and blam, self defense.  Since they had no duty to retreat from a simple fist fight they could have probably walked away from without harm, they stuck it out, and apparently now you'd have to completely disprove the self defense theory before you could get a manslaughter/murder charge to stick.
0	Your team is down 2-1 away from home.   10 minutes to go, your strikers have been working hard to break the almost prison guard like hold the defenders have on their penalty area, but tired legs and crunching tackles have taken their toll.   The manager decides the time is now and makes a change. Gone is the young number 7 after a tough game, a couple of good strikes, piercing runs and an assist on the only goal they have. But his time is up, time to bring on the big gun.   He's been injured recently, but the physio says he's OK to play these last ten minutes. He's not played for a few weeks and was out of training too, so there's a little bit of rust. The young 7 comes off, handshakes are exchanged and our hero taps the touchline on his way on, shouting instructions from the manager to his teammates as he falls into his position up front. The fans know this is their last chance, our hero their only hope.   Straight away, the team attempts to get the ball to him, and almost right away the combination of his skill and his fresh legs have an effect. After the ball gets played through to him down the touchline, off he surges towards the goal. He uses his pace to blitz the defending winger and streams towards the defence, caught off guard but still in greater numbers. Our hero uses his talent to confuse tired minds and brilliantly dummies one defender, but has one to go. With a quick flick of the ankle he nutmegs the final defender, the ball passing through the last mans legs without him being able to do a single thing about it as our hero spins round him and rushes the keeper.   He winds up and then releases the ball in a deft little chip, catching the goalkeeper completely by surprise. He was expecting a low-and-hard smash, instead the ball floats past him into the top left corner.   The crowd goes insane. Their hero has done it. He's levelled the game with seven minutes to go. They're going home with a single point, seemingly a miracle after the opening 20 minutes of fierce play which saw the other team score two fantastic goals from open play, making a mockery of them.   The opposition kick off, but seemingly renewed by our heroes actions, our team springs into action. After they knock it back to push once more, our centre-halves close the ball down as our hero screams forward. The ball gets caught up in the flock of flapping legs and somehow, our number 4 manages to knock the ball towards our hero. But, no dice, he's cut down and the ball gets knocked back up field.   Over the course of the next couple of minutes, our opposition "park the bus", everyone they can get is behind the ball, defending. They're willing to settle for that single point. But Reddit FC smell blood. They know our hero has the talent and the skill to at least attempt something. Several attempts fall and are promptly cleared back upfield, but our hero, loitering just outside the penalty area manages to control a long-pass from our centre-back, brilliantly bringing it down from his chest and turning towards goal. He bounds forward, only a single defender and the goalie to go, just inside the box, he gets ready to strike, but is cut down by the last defender. You can hardly hear the refs whistle over the roar of the crowd.   He reaches into his pocket and draws his cards for the unlucky defender, different tribes hoping for a different result. It's red! The ref points towards the tunnel and gestures the defender to leave the field, which he does after some protest from both him and his teammates.   Our hero instantly grabs the ball and waits for the ref to clear the scrum around the penalty spot. Several seconds later, everyone except the ref, the keeper and our hero are outside the box. The ref grabs the ball and places it on the spot, and quickly paces himself away.   Our hero looks down at the ball, then the keeper. The game clock sits above the away end, and our hero glances up to look at it.   It reads 89.40.
0	I apologize for the long comment in advance but this is relevant   "It's sad how wimpy Americans have become, especially when it comes to any risk whatsoever -- take germs, for example...   Where did this sudden fear of germs come from in this country? Have you noticed this? The media constantly running stories about all the latest infections? Salmonella, E-coli, hanta virus, bird flu, and Americans will panic easily so everybody's running around scrubbing this and spraying that and overcooking their food and repeatedly washing their hands, trying to avoid all contact with germs. It's ridiculous and it goes to ridiculous lengths.   In prisons, before they give you lethal injection, they swab your arm with ALCOHOL. Wouldn't want some guy to go to hell AND be sick.Fear of germs, why these fuckin' pussies. You can't even get a decent hamburger anymore because they cook the shit out of everything now 'cause everyone's afraid of FOOD POISONING! Hey, where's you sense of adventure? Take a fuckin' chance will you? Hey you know how many people die of food poisoning in this country? Nine thousand, that's all, its a minor risk.   Take a fuckin' chance bunch of goddamn pussies.Besides, what d'ya think you have an immune system for? It's for killing germs! But it needs practice, it needs germs to practice on. So if you kill all the germs around you, and live a completely sterile life, then when germs do come along, you're not gonna be prepared. And never mind ordinary germs, what are you gonna do when some super virus comes along that turns your vital organs into liquid shit?! I'll tell you what your gonna do ... you're gonna get sick. You're gonna die and your gonna deserve it because you're fucking weak and you got a fuckin' weak immune system!   Let me tell you a true story about immunization ok. When I was a little boy in New York city in the nineteen-forties, we swam in the Hudson river. And it was filled with raw sewage! OK? We swam in raw sewage, you know, to cool off. And at that time the big fear was polio. Thousands of kids died from polio every year. But you know something? In my neighborhood no one ever got polio. No one! EVER! You know why? Cause WE SWAM IN RAW SEWAGE! It strengthened our immune system, the polio never had a prayer. We were tempered in raw shit!   So personally I never take any precautions against germs. I don't shy away from people who sneeze and cough. I don't wipe off the telephone, I don't cover the toilet seat, and if I drop food on the floor I pick it up and eat it!Even if I'm at side walk cafe! IN CALCUTTA! THE POOR SECTION! ON NEW YEARS MORNING DURING A SOCCER RIOT! And you know something? In spite of all the so called "risky behavior ".... I never get infections.I don't get em. I don't get colds, I don't get flu, I don't get headaches, I don't get upset stomach, And you know why? Cause I got a good strong immune system! And it gets a lot of practice!   My immune system is equipped with the biological equivalent of fully automatic military assault rifles, with night vision and laser scopes. And we have recently acquired phosphorous grenades, cluster bombs and anti personnel fragmentation mines.   So, when my white blood cells are on patrol reconnoitering my blood stream seeking out strangers and other undesirables, and if they see any, ANY, suspicious looking germs of any kind, THEY DON'T. FUCK. AROUND. They whip out the weapons, they wax the motherfucker and deposit the unlucky fellow directly into my colon! Into my colon. There's no nonsense! There's no miranda warning, there's none of that three strikes and your out bullshit. First defense, BAM! Into the colon you go!"   -- George Carlin
0	been there all i can say is "don't make it worse" a kid is forever if it takes a while to work out a civil relationship with the mother do it its worth itand even better the kids learn the bullshit that is spread about you is lies. in 6 years i have gone from her turning off her phone so i couldn't call them for xmas or birthdays to me having them over when ever I want and a better relationship with them than I have ever had.well worth nearly having to bite my tongue off at times to work towards a civil relationship with the EX
1	One day, a wee little yordle was walking in the forest when he stumbled upon a group of colorful mushrooms. He had been walking for many miles, and had been wishing he could eat some hot poro soup they had been serving the night before at the scouts convention in downtown Bandle City. Feeling his tummy rumble, he ate the whole lot of mushrooms.   Later that day he and his pet racoon, Rengar, were sparring on the commons of Bandle City when he felt a weird sensation. It started at the base of his little toe, and proceeded to climb up his torso, until he felt like his head was on fire.   That night, the tribesyordles of Bandle held a ceremony for their fallen comrade Captain Teemo. Tristana knelt over Teemo's corpse and wept, gnar jumped on top of and around Teemo's corpse and sang old tribal songs, and Lulu whispered magical words over his body late into the night.   The next morning, the yordles of Bandle City awoke to a guttural scream. They walked out into the morning sun to see the terror that lulu had created that past night.
1	Just gonna comment on your analysis of the team.   I too never understood why people like him so much, however I do think he was a world class top lane player. His personality seems a little dull to me and his streams are not that interesting to watch. Just my opinion.   Xpecial. I don't think he stabbed Chaox in the back, I don't think anyone did really. It's like in real life, if you don't show up to work you don't deserve the job. These are PRO gamers after all.   Regi: I understand where he comes from a lot, he is the owner of this team and holds people accountable. However, from what I have seen many arguments he is involved in don't go anywhere. He's very stubborn. In terms of his play, he's a world class mid laner. You may disagree but he is REALLY good. Every pro team knows that shutting down Regi means shutting down TSM. Despite this, he still carries his team.   OddOne is probably the most likeable person on that team, however I feel he should be a little more of a vocal leader outside of the game.   Chaox situation: It's his fault he lost his job. He didn't show up to work (scrims, practices, meetings).
0	the public subconsciously feels that the very fact that it got to the point of a raid indicates guilt on whoever was inside the house no matter the details.  not to mention the reasoning that "oh her father was a criminal that's why the police were there, if he didn't want his daughter shot, he shouldn't have broke the law.  I don't break the law like them so that will never happen to me or my kids."
1	Check my other two responses.
0	You also miss 100% of the shots you can't take because you took other shots.   Every moment is a once in a lifetime opportunity, but that doesn't give the moments meaning or urgency. The choice to spend a unique moment watching netflix is as equally valid as the choice to spend that moment atop mount Everest.   Nothing has any intrinsic meaning, so all choices and "shots" are equally valid.
1	If you let random strangers dictate whether you find personal enjoyment in each game, then yes, then solo queue on League of Legends might not be for you.   Also, expecting great communication with 4 random strangers?  Don't hold your breath.
0	You know I'm going to tell a story that I've probably told before. And to be totally honest it sort of conflicts with my confession bear (I'd probably theoretically put up with a lot more than I would actually put up with for a hot girl).   So in my late teens and early 20's I spent a lot of time on IRC and I ended up driving around and meeting a lot of people. One of the people I met was a girl who lived in my state (Hi CandyRaver wherever you might be now days). She was pretty nice and she didn't mind me coming and crashing on her couch for a weekend when we went out and partied; which is good because she lived about 100 miles from me or so. Now she had a roommate who was just super fucking hot. And she was really my type of girl except for the bleach bond hair, petite at about 5'1" (I could be off it's been a decade), all of maybe 100-110lb, super pretty face, completely banging body. It's kind of funny because thinking about it I don't even remember her name now, what I do remember is she was a huge fucking bitch. And I mean she was a bitch to everyone. She was CandyRaver's friend since like childhood, but she did pretty bitchy things to her, including stealing her job and some other stuff. Honestly I don't know why the two of them were still friends. Also the hot bitch's sister and brother-in-law-ish (they weren't really married but were basically married) use to come over and we'd all drink and play cards, and everyone but me would do E. And whenever those two would step out hot bitch would say some mean shit about the both of them.   Anyway, and I'm not sure why, but for a little while the hot bitch was sort of taking a liking to me so we were spending more time together. I don't know why but we were alone together (it was sort of a party, a bunch of people were over but everyone else stepped out) and we were both drinking a lot. For some reason I had just had enough of her shit and because I was drunk I had to just ask "Why are you such a bitch to everyone?". Now the funny thing is, this is the kind of question most people would just get really offended by. But she just looked pensive for a minute and then said in kind of a somber tone "Well... I guess when I turned 14 or so I just started acting like a bitch... and nobody ever stopped me or said anything to me so I just kept doing it". I assume it was a real moment of clarity to her, I know it was a real moment of enlightenment to me. I guess I had just never realized hot bitches are hot bitches because they're hot so nobody stops them from being a bitch. While it was a good learning experience it broke whatever charm I had over her and we never ended up talking too much after that.   That was the moment I really put down the nice guy mantle. I figured girls like that were probably not really going to fuck me, they were definitely going to fuck me over, and even if they did fuck me it probably wasn't worth it. Now I'm kind of an asshole (and strangely I find it really does work with women pretty well). So nice guy collided with hot bitch and left the reaction as a jaded asshole, but is much better at talking to women. It's some kind of weird chemical reaction.
0	Be nicer to them   Can be considered subjective. What are the circumstances? Are you normally nice to people? If not, then would you normally treat a disabled person better? Is the disabled person treating you decently? How have they affected your life?
0	North Korea is just saying these things to boost morale in their ever-unrestful population. People are beginning to lose faith in their glorious leader, and these threats are little more than empty promises intended to "prove" to the north korean people that Best Korea still holds some sway in the international setting.   The military exercises by the United States and South Korea are just a reminder to the North of who has the biggest dick at the end of the day, and for KJU to not get too big for his shit-caked britches.
0	We had this happen (it was big thing) in Tennessee where cops were turning in tickets to some clerical staff who weren't entering them. When they (I think two people) were fired, they had thousands of tickets in their desks (or other cabinets) which had never been entered. Mine was amongst them;   State law (TN) has some stipulations where violations could only be valid for 90 days and most of the tickets were past that by the time this all came to light (mine has been something like 6 months). In an attempt to collect on hundreds of thousands of dollars in lost revenue, the state (or county?) re-issued the tickets (trying to circumvent the 90 day thing). When I went in that day, myself along with 2 other guys in the same position contested our tickets and the judge dismissed the tickets.
0	I thought I recognized that second song title you stated.   Dance Gavin Dance is.. uh... I honestly don't know, but they aren't metal.
0	Hi fellow Coloradan! I'm a grocer here at a massive natural foods store. The closest thing we have to a Brit aisle is going to World Market. They have tons of international foods. Whole foods doesn't have a Brit aisle, but rather many British product throughout their stores. The bigger king soopers might have a few items an Safeway will have a few too but our grocers tend to cater to Mexican and Asian ethnic foods rather than European.
1	Gotta love this subreddit. Sure let's not talk about:     Alex lost his lane hard, he was always at least 50 cs behind (and over 100 at the end) DESPITE having first blood...   the same can be applied to Soaz as well, he was constantly behind in his lane, never became a real threat outside of his ult   Edward was inexistent, he hit 1 hook the entire game, and that hook was on Alistar     The only ones that actually did anything the entire game were Diamond and Yellowpete, but hey let's blame Yellowpete because that's hip right now
0	Max speed has nothing to do with it. It's about bandwidth.  The lines to your house, even if they are coaxial cable, can support a lot more bandwidth than you're probably getting.  Reason why is because the cable company is governing your throughput in an effort to make more money.   For instance, Google Fiber is offering 1000Mbps symmetric (same upload and download bandwidth).  Verizon FiOS offers significantly less for double the price, and that's asymmetric.  Both services provide fiber straight to your house, so it's not the media over which your data travels.  So what is the difference?   Only difference is the company.  One is going to impose a limit more in line with other providers. Why do ISPs limit our bandwidth? Because bandwidth caps (and in some places, data caps) will cause you to want to upgrade your service.   The reason residential lines are asymmetric (lots of download bandwidth but not so much upload) is because the "typical" home user requires such. Every time you visit a web page, you tell the server what resource you want, whether it be a web page, a picture, a web page with pictures, music, video, etc. You send a packet or two and then you get back a flood of packets.   Businesses and servers work the opposite way.  Depending on your business model, you will typically use the same or more upload bandwidth.  So, if you want to host a server and have speeds that don't suck, you need to upgrade to a business package. This means more money for the ISP.   If you want to upgrade your speeds, they will not come to your house and rollout some magical new media that will instantly increase your speeds a hundred-fold.  If they did, they would charge you an insane amount of money.  Unless you are a business, then they might run additional lines (think more lanes on a road).   Problem is, where does the greed end? We have become a society that can't live without the Internet. As such, we will pay whatever it costs for connectivity. Some places, certain ISPs have regional monopolies and can charge whatever they want for whatever bandwidth/data restrictions they want. Until another company moves in a provides a reasonable alternative, we will have to suck it up or do without.
1	Does it change the way he bans and drafts?   Yes, because Dom is solely responsible for the
1	This guy immediately got success for pretending to be a girl because women who play League at a high level are rare. Now why might that be? Probably because of social pressures pushing women away from playing video games in general. Beyond that, as we've seen with the engineering and tech industries, heavily male-dominated workplaces and communities can lead to some pretty toxic environments for women. How often are there inappropriate comments about Sjokz, for example, posted in this sub? Probably enough that I couldn't blame women for avoiding the LoL community altogether.
1	Derailing the metaphor a bit, but I've been playing Annie support for a few days and she's very strong. Like a very safe version of Leona with ranged poke. I can also start 5 HP pots and skip philo because her mana regen is already so great, which is nice. Even without items her damage is pretty good and it isn't hard to stun 2 or even 3 times in an extended fight. Tibbers can tank objectives, too.
1	You want me to read your wall of text? Wow.
1	People are just annoyed that their precious health stacking isn't as effective as it was before. As an AD carry, I welcome the opportunity to be viable again. Guess what counters BotRK everyone? Armor! The passive deals physical damage so you can easily protect yourself against it! Stop whining!   Besides the fact its turned to this is your own damn fault. You created the meta (which is far too onesided in the favour of bruisers like Dunkmaster Darius) so now there's a counter to make it easier. You actually have to try now! Fancy that!
1	Do you mean you stopped playing  last  summer?  Like summer of 2012?  If my understanding of the decay system is correct it has not been long enough to have stopped playing this summer and have gone from Gold V to Bronze I purely through decay.   The way decay works is that after 28 days you lose a set amount of LP.  If that LP would bring you down to 0 in your current division then it drops you down one division, if you are in Division 5 of your Tier and you hit 0 LP through decay then it drops you to Division 1 of the next Tier down.  After the initial decay you then decay a set amount of LP once every 7 days as long as you stay inactive.  This next part is what I'm not sure about, I believe that when it drops you a Division it puts you at 75 LP in that Division no matter how much LP you lost from the decay.  I'm operating based on that assumption because both of my ranked teams that have decayed have been put into 75 LP of the division below where they were before.   In Gold you lose 25 LP per decay period, in Silver you lose 10 LP per decay.  You do not decay in Bronze.   So, assuming you are at Gold V with 25 LP or less you will decay to Silver I after 28 days of inactivity.  From this point forward you will lose 10 LP per week in Silver 1.  Starting at 75 LP it will take 8 weeks (56 days) to decay to Silver 2, and another 8 weeks to Silver III and so on.  Thats a total of 40 weeks to decay from Silver I 75 LP to Bronze I.  Including the 4 weeks it took for the initial decay from Gold V to Silver I that is 44 weeks, or 308 days, from Gold V (25 LP or less) to Bronze I.   _
1	I disagree. You are the hero ranked  deserves   A common situation I see is "mid or feed" (etc) AFTER you've selected champs. While people respond with hate or flame, I will bluntly tell them:       I have chosen mid (or other lane).         I have locked in the champ for it.         I will play mid (or other) whether or not they feed.         I will carry(/support/etc) them, regardless of whether or not they feed.         That usually solves most problems.   The one thing I always try to keep, is faith in my teammates. LoL is a team game, & teams are built on trust. If I cannot trust a teammate, then I have lost the game.   A few things to keep in mind (
0	I wouldn't say they are the best, but they are perhaps the best in a reasonable price range. They are one of the nicest I've used, and are quite reasonable for their high quality sound. Most in-ears that are better cost substantially more, and that sort of money is better spent on Professional grade over-ears.
0	Basically, the graph is supposed to show that unemployment is just the difference between how much labor is supplied (the people are willing to work) vs. how much labor is demanded (the amount of jobs that are offered by the market) all at a specific price.   For example, minimum wage in the US is around $7.75. According to theory (and I'm not saying that this is wrong or right because most of economics is theoretical) there will be people willing to work for $6.00 an hour. At this lower price, far more jobs will be offered by companies so  in theory  the amount of people unemployed will be lower.   The idea is that when a market (such as the labor market) is left to it's own devices, the price of the good (in this case labor) will naturally settle to the equilibrium price--the point when the demand curve intersects the supply curve. At this price, there is neither a surplus or a scarcity of the good which for our purposes is labor.
1	When you say right or wrong, what do you mean?  "Reddit knew that the jungle was shit all along!! " Take that rito!! or...  "The kassadin nerfs were too hard. " like you dont need to think much to conclude those things, just by playing and feeling the game you will notice that something is off, but the 'solutions' are dumb as fuck most of the time because of said riot pls posts. Also, assigning that the entire reddit community "was right" or "was wrong" is kinda pointless and doesnt make much sense, there's too many people here.   So, It's not about being right or wrong, it's about those stupid riot pls posts disguised in a 'le dank game designer' outfit, thinking just putting some fucking random damage will 'put x in a good spot!"   "Riot pls could u give zac %hp dmg"  or stupid comparisons to justify their riot plssness  "rito pls buff elise dmg on monsters why she does low dmg if fizz does high dmg? ap lee song is so strong why cant she be like him?"  ,   "rito pls put bonus atksped in nautilus when his pasive is donw!! nautilus so low atksped why cant he be liek olaf god clear speed so mybe he cn be god in the jungle . nautilus ned some love to!!"   Finalizing, there are rare, but good threads/comments bringing good POINTS (Examples from gilded tab : 1  , argumentating and providing a balance solution that sometimes isnt the best nor what riot is thinking that they will do in their game but at least the post is meant to discuss game balance with good ideas in mind and trying to identify x champion problems and solve them while making it healthy to the game, like what would riot do and if they did something bad, why it didnt work etc, instead of a riot pls thread of why every bottom 10 winrate% champion needs a spell that deals hp damage, heals in AOE and gives them bonus atkspeed when on cooldown, while dealing bonus damage monsters health uncapped.
1	To those of you who claim doing simple math such as adding 5,6,7 to the current time is easy and should not be a skill. Having a human being personally calculate the timers themselves incorporates the chance of failure.   A miscalculation on baron could literally turn a game around or help a team catch up based on the buff/gold itself or the simple presence and pressure of the buff/bosses existence on the field. Also, having a giant ticking timer on the top of your screen pretty much assures all teammates will be ready for an objective to be up instead of the typical, dragons up and we're top lane because we forgot about the spawn time. (EVEN THOUGH, WE TYPED IT IN CHAT WHEN WE KILLED IT)   Bot has tower ranges and such which is designed to teach players the range of towers. Implementing this into bot games let's new players understand timers for bosses on the map. Great idea!
0	the mo is the same idea as the pink ribbon for breast cancer (raising awareness of the issue in the hope that more people in an at risk demographic get tested and hopefully catch it early), and the fund raising works more or less the same as shave for a cure... i'm not real sure what some people are missing here
1	There is a difference between AFK and disconnecting.   Disconnecting is due to uncontrollable circumstances.  Also there is a person behind the screen, people have lives too. Unless it is clear that they left the game with full intent because they simply didn't want to carry on then  yeah, I agree with you.
0	I'm sure this will be buried seeing as I'm late to the party, buuuut: Welcome to the club, buddy.  Mid thirties, divorced, had sex once since my divorce, and the last half of my marriage was dry, too.  That one time was when I actually hired a professional escort (i.e. not a cheap street hooker) and paid for sex.  It was...actually a very enjoyable experience.  The sex was great, conversation was even good, she managed to make it totally not feel awkward at all.  I have enough disposable income that I could actually afford to do this on a semi-regular basis, but what has kept me from ever doing it again is that I'm a pretty straight arrow, and prostitution is of course illegal.  This makes the whole process of hiring an escort somewhat complicated and very risky, and other than being a complete failure with the opposite sex and relationships, I actually have a pretty good life, so I have a lot to lose if I were to get busted.
1	This is like all of the people who said WoW would die over and over, every damn year.   It's now "dead" and still has multiple millions of people playing it.
1	a leash means. somebody else is doing the first hit on the big golem and then runs away. the golem trys to chase him. so ur jungler gets some 'free' attacks on the creeps before the golem turns around and attacks him and the jungler ends up with more health. the leasher gets away with full hp and almost no cs missing in his lane. its a win - win situation.
0	It's really hard to understand what is right and wrong, when all you've ever known was wrong, and so to you, that was "right".   When I was taken out of my parent's custody and put into a foster home it was very scary to me. I was very happy to have new clothes, food, and a clean home. I had my own room! Sadly though, I always felt guilty because I never thought I could appreciate this enough to make it worth their efforts. I had a hard time adjusting to real discipline and real love. I felt like everyone was secretly against me because I had learned that the ones you love will betray you when my father had put me in a foster home without warning or explanation years earlier. My mother had only taken me back in to get the child support money. I ran away from the foster home because I felt out of place and scared. The shitty living situation was more comfortable to me and what I knew.  Tell your girl they will appreciate it all and grow, even if not today. I have a warm spot in my heart for what they did.
0	I actually have been watching old episodes of Boardwalk Empire whilst the Olympics are going on. I understand the meaning behind it all and whatnot but cmon....
1	No. More like judgement = informal sometimes in britain, judgment = formal.
1	opinions and personalities. that's how dyrus is; u want to force someone's personality to change? if u want a streamer that entertains with commentary more then go watch oddone or something.   for those of u that follow starcraft streams, u should know what idra's stream is like. his mic is usually not even on and he just plays music. hes not streaming always to entertain, he's streaming to show u him just playing the game when hes practicing and such. dyrus is doing just that.   i don't understand y ppl r hating dyrus' "new attitude". dyrus said he wanted to take LoL more seriously and he's doing just that. hes more successful and playing in very high level tournaments which means he needs to practice more than just entertain. when u take the game seriously, u play to win and not do fancy things to entertain.
0	I know that hurt, bro.   When I was in high school a girl I knew asked if I could tutor her in Spanish. I said, "Well, I'm getting an A but I really am not very good at Spanish."  A week or so later she told me during school that she wanted to hang out with me that afternoon and was going to come over.  I laughed it off.  She came over and I told her that I was going to see The Day After Tomorrow with some friends.  She walked home.  We didn't really talk after that.
1	There is a difference between "meta" and "lane setup". Lane setup is a part of the meta, but not the other way around. The 1-1-1-2 setup is established since... I dont know... late S1 maybe? And has been a part of every meta ever since. That being said, enforcing the lane setup in TB doesnt mean enforcing the entire meta, as you dont have to go "tanky top, bruiser jungle". You can go with ap top, ap mid, ap jungle, which is not meta if you, or the game creator wants to.
0	Everything in nature has always been in an arms race.   When plants develop a defense eventually certain pathogens overcome it and hopefully the plants can develop a new defense before they are wiped out.   Adding new defenses to a plant will eventually result in whatever pathogen is best at overcoming those defenses to become the most successful. But whatever is able to overcome a defense is usually able to only overcome that specific defense (like how most penicillin-resistant strains of bacteria are still susceptible to other antibiotics). So whatever out there is most threatening to a crop gets engineered against and then we wait until the next thing pops up.   Example: In the 80's there was a virus which came quite close to wiping out Hawaii's papayas. The University of Hawaii then developed a strain of papaya resistant to the virus which is the reason that they are still produced in Hawaii today.   If some fungal infection came along that was good at killing the original papaya plants it would also kill the engineered papaya plants because they have only been altered to protect against a specific virus.
1	YEAH RIOT WHY CAN'T YOU MAKE SURE ALL 120 CHAMPS ARE COMPLETELY BALANCED? Oh wait, because that's literally impossible. If we're talking about viability almost every single champion in this game is viable for solo queue which is primarily what the game is balanced around. What is viable in the pro scene is not at all indicative of what's viable in solo queue. Pros only play top tier champs because they are playing at the highest level and need every single advantage they can get. Those champs that are always picked in pro play also are the ones that fit the current meta/team comps people are running because the strategy in those games is completely different. Even if the pro players themselves that do these strategies in LCS tried to do it in soloqueue with all challenger team mates it many of the strats would fail almost every time due to a lack of coordination by the team. Last season I went from Bronze 1 to Gold V in little over a week with Wukong mid at a time when almost NO ONE was playing that. At the time Nightblue himself had said he felt Wu was a better mid than top but still no one played it because it wasn't FoTM and it wasn't getting play in LCS.
1	maybe its because riven stunned jax, where in jax was assisting in the dmg.. assuming jax killed riven, fiddle would have gotten an assist, vice versa, with that in mind, both champs where connected in the pursuit thus leading to riven "assisting" in any/either persons death..
1	of course it is.   look at Morellonomicon: 2100 gold, 820 from fiendish codex, 600 from idol, and 680 for the recipe.   680 gold for: 50 ap, 50% mana reg and a really good passive.   now let's give a look at frozen mallet: 1025 gold for the recipe... in other words, 1025 gold for 170 hp, 5 ad and a 40%/30% slow which lasts for 1.5 sec.   and don't come up with stuff like "a slow which lasts for 1.5 sec is insane!!!" when  EVERY SINGLE, RECENT CHAMPION HAVE AN IN-BUILT SLOW OR KNOCK .   frozen mallet is an item for those who needs a slow since riot didn't give em one (old champions without 400 things in their kits) or who wants more utility in their kit while still building bulky (gnar?).
0	I think that the problem a lot of people have is the lack of ability to really quantify it.   How do we really know you're learning? In things like math and science, there are tests. Do you know how to do A? Do you know how to do B? and so on.   But with things like this, a lot of it can depend on your teacher and be very biased.   My sister once took a native americans studies class and completely failed an essay because she took an anti-native american stance on the issue. It seemed to be perfectly well researched and argued, but her teacher most certainly read it and thought 'this girl just doesn't get it' because her opinion didn't agree with hers.   And that's a natural human reaction. We think we're right, and have a hard time seeing other points. But with math and science, opinion is for the most part taken out.   While I think reading about and learning these things to be fascinating, I would never get a degree in women's studies. Because I am getting a degree to essentially prove I learned something, and I just don't think a degree in this field proves much of anything to anyone.   I think that fields like business management and psychology get more respect because while there is a lot of human interpretation, there is still 'numbers' which makes it feel more substantial.
1	Christina Vee did an OK job hosting IPL4. It wasn't great but I imagine that is a really tough thing to do. I love how this interview touched on some of the akward moments she had on stage. It should only make her a more talented and confident hostess.
1	I read this in LilyPichus voice. inb4 new
1	New players know they're playing against smurfs because it's blatantly obvious and the smurfs often ask who else is a smurf \^^   However I think OP's experience of there being nearly only smurfs at lv 1-7 might be partially caused by everyone who isn't some scumbag who enjoys noobstomping/sealclubbing is going to select "I'm very experienced with mobas" at the start, and I believe that influences your initial MMR. From my smurf (leveling it up so I have an account to play on when I'm tired, it's not fun getting stomped even in normals whenever you're playing when tired) I can confirm it however. Almost only smurfs (mine is currently lv 8).   The IP grind feels long, but that's only because I already know the game. When I was new I felt its existance, but never thought it was too much, and on my main I still just play and the IP add up over time, so I really don't have many problems with it.
0	Different situation but slightly relavent. I used to work as a waiter, and one day a man cones in begging for money for gas, because his car just went out. Long story short, I felt bad for the guy and gave him $20, and he said he'd pay me back and gave me his number. He never came back, and he changed his number. That was two hours worth of wage...
1	Okay, This is a really long response but i started typing and just didnt stop so sorry for that.  But this whole situation has brought out some rather strong opinions and it looks like both sides there are people who are mentioning the same points but are getting downvoted/upvoted rather differently.   He's being downvoted not because of his opinion but because of presentation.  People seem to forget the importance and meaning behind words these days.   He's upset that these pseudo skins cost as much as they do.  He has every right to voice his opinion about this.  And they are overpriced- I agree with him.  I also agree with him they take very little effort to make.   But instead of simply stating these points (all legitimate concerns) he kinda goes too far by saying things like Riot is "robbing" us with these things.  That this is "obvious abuse."   Okay, first of all, I hope you can see that Riot is clearly robbing no one with these things.  Robbing is an actually serious accusation, with heavily negative connotations.  This is not really a case of hyperbole, but a case of just flat out accusatory tone of something that isn't true.  Robbing implies violence/threat of violence in order to steal.   Secondly, "obvious abuse" is kind of insulting anyone who actually likes this idea- and as you can see from these threads, there are people with different views who are legitimately interested in getting chromas, stating things like "190 RP per chroma is cheap af" as their opinion.   They don't like to think others think they have been swindled or they are making a stupid decision.  They want to pay a little extra to give lucian a blue coat.   People are not being swindled here.  They know EXACTLY what they are buying and they know the exact price they are buying it.   So in this case, the way he is choosing to present his point doesn't come across as "these skins are overpriced."  It comes across as it an attack on anyone who thinks they are worth what they are priced.  And he also implies/states that Riot is acting unethically by trying to make these sales.
0	Ok reddit so here is a History lesson for you. Henry the 8th did not create   a new church so he could remarry. Martin Luther started the reformation of the Church based on a conflict of ideologies with Catholicism. A movement that was gaining popularity across europe particularly in Germany. The reformation moved towards a more literal interpretation of the bible and less away from the man made doctrines and subjectiveness of catholicism. Sure this made it easier for Henry to get his divorce but is a part of a larger more complex historical discourse than this meme portrays.
1	Riot screwed over Veigar players with their rework and most of the community say we the 200 people who play Veigar shouldn't have a voice in the matter....   So do you really think that only 20 people who play Dominion should matter? No, Ascension was the better Dominion in all ways possible. Dominion is just "Pick Akali/Kat" every game and think you're good lol.
1	if you cant even get pass bronze, than youre just a bad player. if you cant carry your team, youre bad. people dont want to use skype cause no one wants to hear your nerd voice. plus, pretty fkin awkward to just ask someone to join your call, not knowing who they are, how they will react.
0	If she's with you, it's because she wants to be with you.  I agree with a lot of the posts of going out and being active and bettering yourself, but if the entirety of the relationship is based on physical attributes alone, the relationship is likely going to fail.   Many relationships succeed because there is substance, common ground, and just a general joy for both people being around one another.   There is no actual thing as "out of your league."  This is a stipulation and a bar we set for ourselves.  You can always better yourself physically, mentally, and psychologically.  But if, for some reason, some one is "out of your league," it's more likely that you don't share in the same interests, cannot find common ground, etc.   For example, pick a model, any model.  They are likely not going to date me.  Not because I'm not attractive, but because I'm not THAT attractive.  They are going to date other models or movie stars because they share in the being pampered and expensive things and having their outfits designed by the top designers in the world.  And in no way shape or form do I give a shit about that.
0	The top post EVER has less than 22,000 points. You'd think that with millions of users we'd at least have seen a post or two that broke 100,000. I think the reddit software may have something to do with this   Reddit adds more and more downvotes the higher the numbers get. Top post on /r/video right now has a up/down ratio of 23565/18521, as seen with [RES]( The higher it gets, the more the numbers are "the same". The points are still growing in absolute numbers, but to offset the penalty, you need a thousand votes to get the same effect a dozend have early on. Otherwise, hugly popular threads would stay on top for days and weeks, and the effect is so extreme in the high numbers to garantee that it'll disappear in a day or so, no matter what. Several threads have cracked 100'000 upvotes, 30'000 and more is quite common on the big subs.
1	most revealing
0	Is it sexist that if this was the opposite way people would be pissed as fuck? Is it fatshaming?   If so in what direction? Is feederism good and we should be offended that other people are so offended? Is feederism disgusting and we should be offended? Where does the offense end!   I propose we hate everyone equally!   Hate fat people for being fat, hate feeders for making people fat, hate skinny people for shaming fat people, hate curvy girls for having fat in the right places, hate buff guys for lifting, hate pretty girls for being prettier than me, hate hot guys for being hotter than me, hate men for having penises, hate women for having vaginas, hate both for not having sex with me, hate hate, hate haters for hating, hate hater haters for hating haters, hate hater hate, hate myself, hate "hate" for not sounding like a word anymore, hate brains for not remembering the name of that phenomenon, hate brains for remembering it's called semantic satiation, hate liars for claiming they "remembered" when they googled, hate people who didn't actually google and did remember, hate people who
1	It's because Sona gains nothing from having a large mana pool versus mana regen.  A champion like Karthus, Maokai or Anivia has an immediate and obvious benefit to having a large mana pool from their DoTs, and there are champions like Nidalee and Heimerdinger that require a super large mana pool because of low cooldowns and high costs.  Sona has neither high costs nor something that requires a mana drain, so why buy a tear on her?   You buy a tear to spam your abilities, which is half of the most effective way to play Sona in ARAM.  The reason you want to spam your abilities is to get powerchords (and later, Lich Bane proc'ing powerchords that deal 2/3 of a carry's health every 2 seconds) off as much as possible to do as much poke as possible (and to heal) - you want to get into a rhythm of something like e - w - q - powerchord over and over.  A tear is actually counterintuitive to this because it doesn't give you enough mana regen and it doesn't significantly increase your pool size early - and even if it did, the mana regen problem is an issue late game.   Enter the chalice in the other corner, however.  After level 6 or so, the chalice lets you spam your skills with almost perfect impunity to your mana bar.  At the beginning of the game, chalice gives you ~100% increased mana regen as Sona (because you'll be near the end of your mana bar most of the time until your first buy) by itself because of the Howling Abyss increased mana regeneration.  Once you go Athene's + Morellonomicon, you'll have both infinite mana and maximum CDR.  This is important because you can spam your Q/W indefinitely on maximum CDR and have powerchords/Lich Bane going all day.   For what it's worth, my ARAM build on Sona usually looks like this:  Chalice + Amp Tome + Faerie Charm -> MAYBE Morell (will rush the latter against another healer or a Mundo/Zac/etc.) -> Lich Bane -> Athene's -> Rabadons -> Morellonomicon.  I rarely get passed the Lich Bane and I've almost never got much further than the Rabadon's, because a Sona with a Lich Bane and Athene's and a Deathcap has no excuse to die, ever.  Tear just adds nothing to this, and a Lich Bane Sona is the best champion in ARAM.  A six item Sona in this style would look like: Lich Bane, Rabadon's, Morell, Athene's, Sorc Boots/Zhonya's/DFG, Void Staff.  I actually cannot imagine anything more terrifying than that six item Sona for an ARAM game.   Anyone who would tell you a build on ARAM for Sona without including a Lich Bane as  the  absolute most essential item has no idea how to play that champion.
0	I had a similar situation once. A bunch of guys sat down next to me on the bus and they seemed sort of intimidating because of the way they acted and spoke, but I didn't want to move because they were literally in the middle of a conversation about white girls treating black guys like criminals. I was about fourteen at the time, and I thought to myself, "Well, I'm not going to just randomly move now, that will only prove their point, even if they are being rude, drunk, and belligerent."   Bus ride goes by, they say some rude things to my friends and I, which we just ignore because, being young and already nervous, we feel like we're already trapped. Finally, one of the guys leans over, rips my headband off my head and throws it out the window. I turn around and notice that their all staring at me a little too creepily now and laughing, so I grab my friends and we get off at the next stop. They get off in front of me and just as I'm about to go, one of the guys grabs my arm to hold me there and proceeds to spit on me while one of the others guys slaps my ass, and then pushes me away, calling "Dumb white bitch," as I hurry off the bus.   It was a matter of ass holes being ass holes, no matter what the race. I should have just stuck with my gut instinct and moved right away.
0	The idea is it's for people who just skimmed through and didn't actually want to read it. If you put the
1	It looks like teams have figured out how to beat TSM easily. All they have to do is go on Dyrus early because he always overextends early. This game was just a stomp and I honestly feel bad for TSM. TSM definitely worked hard this season and really wanted to win, they were unlucky being in group A against the 2 best teams atm.   I think a clear weakness TSM has is communication, you can tell by their plays. They need to really work on communicating better and their decision making. I'm hoping TSM learns from this and works even harder towards S4 instead of fighting/blaming each other, I don't really want to see any of them benched. I'm really glad they were smiling and laughing at the end of the game.   On another note; Holy shit LoveLin is a beast. I'm sure Trick2g had tears in his eyes Hawhaw'ing his ass off to the bank.   Omg is looking unstoppable right now, I hope one of the teams in the quarterfinals can give them a run for their money. Maybe even SKT can pull out a win tomorrow against them. Either way, it's looking like the quarterfinals are going to have some amazing games.
0	I have a boss like that. We used to be friends and then I told him I am planning on quitting and going abroad  for at least a year. He got angry. I can't stand him ever since because of what he said. I'm giving my resignation either today (I hope), or Sunday. I stopped talking with him.
0	I deliver pizzas, & whenever this happens to me I call it "making a deposit". I only clean under my seat once a year & there's always enough to fill up my tank at least once. Also I never cash in any change that I have when my shift is over, throw it into a big glass jar & use the money to Christmas shop. It's always over $1000.
1	I don't agree. No peeling for Genja? What is this nonsense people just keep saying. GG peels for their ADC it's just that they maybe don't have to as much as other teams cause they know how to position themselves so that a kassadin or an ahri does not melt their ADC. You can position yourself however you like if your team lets a kassadin go through and leave you alone - you're dead! And having to make plays because you've made bad decisions? That's just not that simple.
0	Medical student here:   It's okay to continue having sex without a condom during the week with inactive pills.  The reason for a week of inactive pills is to temporarily return hormone levels to their appropriate levels, allowing the woman to menstruate (if you took all active pills, you would skip periods, which has negative affects).   During the week of menstruation, the uterine wall is sloughing off its lining, which is the location where a fertilized egg would implant if the woman was pregnant (but birth control prevents ovulation anyway).  So, with no place for it to attach, it leaves the body with the rest of the menses.  Any sperm present will decay, as it is 14 days until the next egg would be released (which won't even happen if continuing birth control)
0	I read a multitude of inappropriate expressions including shit and fuck in work emails every week.   Never do I get attachments with barely clothed females.
1	One day i played Vi and i was ridiculous fed so i did take everyone on the other team 1v1 and 2v1, and i was just farming me up in their jungel then i find fizz and i was like ''Let's try him'' and i was hammring on him like nothing coud stop me and then he used his E (trickster) when i ulted as Vi and my ult didn't work and it's get on cooldown. And he laugh he's ass off since i didn't get the kill.
1	just disable chat in ranked games, problem (mostly) solved.   The ping system should be enough, maybe add 1-2 more things to it and it's more than enough communication. No need for chat.   Without a chat, there will be no more rage and no rage-inducing comments.   This video won't change much, a 12-16 year old's (most of your ragers and toxic players fall into this category) behavior can't be addressed by a simple video that most won't even watch.  To be honest, some will even troll more , just in spite and because they think that everyone (even Riot) is against them.   That's how puberty works for adolescents, you start getting rebellious and everyone sucks, except you.   **
0	you know what? even though I assume this is true (because I don't have any psychological knowledge), I don't care. I don't expect from everyone in society being a helping-hand for kids who act like animals, not civilised people.  And people should be responsible for their actions and it should be decided by law which of the circumstances make the actions in ANY way justified (therefore making judge's verdict 'softer').
0	First of all you owe society a fuckload, stop saying "what has society done for me". Try going to the forest and living there, completely alone, for 6 months, then come back and tell me what society isn't giving you. Just because we don't notice the air we breathe doesn't mean we don't need it.   That might have come off a little aggresive, my point is, you owe society for membership. There are implicit agreements that are fundamental to how our society works, and marriage is one of those.   Marriage is so much more about how everyone relates to the couple than how the couple relate to each other. Once a couple marries everyone treats them as a couple, including church (which does a grandiose ceremony with a lot of meaning), state (who does it through bureaucracy and taxes) and even random strangers (who get to see a ring on a finger). Marriage is very much about you telling society to treat you like a couple.   Now because we want marriage to be meaningful we actually put a lot of benefits into marriage. Marriage can be used to abuse a lot of stuff (see marrying for money and such). Divorce only makes it even easier (because you can undo the marriage). Society would have to pay for this marriage misdeeds, and that doesn't sound reasonable at all.   So mechanisms where created, and refined, to guarantee that people couldn't just use marriages for their benefit and then divorced. A person could force another into a relationship because if they divorced the victim would not win anything. People would divorce their family and run away when things got hard (because at least they wouldn't have to pay for them). It sounds exaggerated, but this are problems we have now, even with this deterrents.   So we have systems like alimony and child payment. People abuse them, but it could be worse. But what happens when we have the case that the maintained person was a bitch that cheated on you and was just in it for the money? Well, that is something you should have though about. But what if this person wasn't like that at first? Well the sad thing is they never are, in reality most of the time people didn't want to see it. In the case that your SO changed so much due to illness, or disease, well marriage vows do have specification for that case, so if anything it should be limited as much as possible.
0	I just wanted to say this is bullshit. Be real man.  I had to face a judge once and I dressed semi-formal, nice long sleeve collared shirt, dress pants and nice shoes. I wasn't about to wear my High school prom suit which is the only suit I have.  It was for a DUI/ fleeing the scene of an accident( no one was hurt though my car was fucked). They wanted to put me in jail but I, being young and Educated they seen promise. So they increased the fine and suspension date instead of jail time.
1	Game 1:   Great game from libik and kubon(MVP),Makler's triforce pick mid-game to late game was pretty questionable,evelynn SoTG as well,czaru was okay.As far as CW goes,their team comp was really questionable as they picked nasus for the late game when a Full AD comp is BAD at late game because Nasus(same goes for Cait,Kha) wont be able to deal a lot of dmg if the enemy stacks only armor.Kha'zix seemed like a confort pick,same for Caitlyn pick and in general they prefered conforts picks over strong "meta" picks and thats what cost them the game.I really hope CW will step it up on Champ select,else we are going to have the "Gambit" effect again.
0	In highschool when things were really easy. I would sleep in class, goof off, day dream, basically just not pay attention. Not do the homework not study, then finish the test first, go back to sleep, then get the best grade. The best was when the tests were on a curve and i'd get the lame extra credit questions right to. O the look my friends and peers gave me when their tests were graded 110/100. How i miss multiple question no idiot left behind tests.  (As i'm sure you can probably tell from what is most likely terrible grammer, spelling, and typo ridden i'm not actually extremely intelligent. The U.S. education system just sucks)   EDIT:
0	Fun fact: you don't know what you're talking about...   I'm a systems administrator who, oddly enough, is currently running the project of replacing our desktop fleet and moving people to Windows 7. There is a  lot  that has to be done before you upgrade to a new OS fleet wide. Every app needs to be tested, security needs to be reviewed, hardware and performance need to be monitored. The last 10 years of tips, tricks and hacks that you've put in place to make things work how they should all need to be reviewed and updated. That front line machine with the stupidly complex set-up needs to replicated on a new OS but it can't have any downtime because it's too important. And on and on and on.   Oh and before you even start, the expense (and risk) of it all needs to be justified in terms of business productivity - and "it's new" is not a reason that makes it past the executives and board members. You need reasons they understand and will support - and the functionality difference between XP and 7 for 99% of business users is basically nothing.   So why is it happening now, for so many people? Because Microsofts end of life date for Windows XP is coming up next year. That means businesses need to get off XP and onto 7 if they want continued support and updates -  that  is a reason you can take to the board and have them sign off on and it's why it's happening now, not years ago.   Oh and expect to keep using Windows 7 until it hits end of life. That's about when you can expect an upgrade to Windows 8.
1	I mean that I shared account with my fiance. Only with him. I got warned, then only I used this account when I got it back. Yet they banned account because I broke this rule AGAIN when i DID NOT.   By unaware I mean that I did't know that sharing account with my fiance is prohibited. I am not this deep in LoL and its term of use.   Multiple people means at least me, my fiance, and one or 2 persons - that depends if account was bought or not   I use McAfee.
0	As someone who ISN'T a dick, and has a mom who is a teacher.. Seriously, you are awesome... You get paid dick to work harder than most people realize.. Your homework took you an hour and a half to do? Boo-fucking-hoo. It took the teacher a few hours to grade. Every. night. I work at Sprint and make as much, if not more than my mom does. And she works 100x harder.   She worked in an "inner-city" school for a while.. And she has a big heart.. SHe would come home and bawl her eyes out because of how some of these kids lived their life.. And how if effected them on a daily basis.. So she went out of her way to pay extra attention to them..   My favorite story she told me was when the teachers were all in a line (for some reason, I can't remember), and one kid (in fucking 5th grade) stood up and pointed at each teacher (think Half Baked), and said "I'd stab you, stab you, (pointed at my mom) wouldn't stab you, stab you..." That same kid was failing every class at the beginning of the year... And every teacher (and the principal) had literally given up on him.. If you tried to touch him, he'd flip the fuck out. By the end of the year, he was passing every class, and would hug my mom..   Seriously.. That happened..   Now.. What were you people saying about how teachers have it easy, and know what they signed up for..?   EDIT: Yes. I know I sound like a prick here.. But god dammit.. My mom went back to college at the age of 40 to pursue her dream of getting a degree and becoming a teacher. She worked her fucking ASS off to become one.. Only to get shit on when she graduated. She finally got a job in a middle school 30 minutes away from where we lived. We moved to the middle of nowhere so she could be closer to her school. She was so enthusiastic, and the students LOVED her (they fucking looked her up in the phone book and would call just to say hi, how many fucking middle schoolers do you know would do that? We unlisted our number because it was inappropriate). Her students excelled. Did she get praised? Nnnnope. She got shunned by the teachers who were so deep in middle school mentality that they literally formed a "clique", and didn't like the fact that students liked her so much more than them.. Yes, this sounds like complete bullshit, but if you met my mom once, you'd understand.   So. she was forced to get a job at Lowes because there were hardly any schools around where we moved to, and NO ONE was hiring. Then she started at the inner city school like an hour away. Completely blew everyone away at how well she did, only to get laid off 2 years later because she was one of the first to get hired on.. Even though there were several teachers who were begging for early retirement.   So. Before you say "They knew what they were getting into." No, the fuck, they don't. My mom does NOT regret what she did, because she KNOWS how much she impacted these kids.. But was it worth it? She may say yeah.. But FUCK NO it wasn't. So yes. I am extremely bitter.. Because I've seen the sweetest woman in the world get shit on for being too ambitious, and trying too hard. This pulls at my heart strings. You people saying "Psh, they know what they signed up for" makes me rage.. No.. they..don't. And if most of them did, they would not be teachers.   My best friend is in school to be a teacher right now.. And I cannot bring myself to tell her this because I don't want to be the one to ruin her hopes and dreams. Also, I know she wont believe me. It's way too unbelievable. But it is 100% true. Every word.
0	School should teach the lessons the state or whatever board is in charge decides need be taught.   People bitch and whine because public schools didn't teach them how to rent a car or safe sex. School is supposed to get you prepared for knowledge your parents aren't necessarily able to teach you.   Unless your parent is an Engineer, there's a good chance that they aren't going to breeze through teaching you advanced Mathematics. That doesn't mean that your parent can't teach you proper money management.
1	I work in webdev, and have done server admin.  I feel special that our site can hit 1m pageviews on a busy Friday.  Our Alexa ranking is less than 9k, so I like to think I work for one of the biggest websites on the net.   The traffic I get is chump change compared to what Riot is dealing with.  Riot is on average handling   1.3 million games at any given time  .  The traffic and complexity that goes along with that is simply outstanding.   Yes, downtime is regerettable, but they're scaling software that (I imagine) was never meant to hit this scale.  Their a victim of their own success, while still trying to create a profitable company.  Hell, D3 has worst server issues and it's $60 to play; Skyrim used to crash on me at least once an hour.   Cut them some slack, and enjoy the game when it works.  Remember when it used to be impossible to login after a patch?  Ya, they fixed that problem.  They're pushing the envelope with PFE and the ARAM map; give them some breathing room to make mistakes.
1	Well no, not everyone needs to believe its a detriment, just enough people to get someone elected who believes it.   If they are the majority with no power then its their own fault. Vote for someone who doesn't want to ban it, if you are the majority you win. To counter the logical arguments: "That's not why they voted for her, they voted for her because she wants to do X thing that is good."   This is the same as the people who say they arent against gay marriage and still votes for a candidate who is against gay marriage because "he will help the economy." If a candidate is against something you feel strongly for you don't vote for them. Or you make it clear to them that if they want your vote they cut that shit out.
1	Naix and gyro are the two most popular. For very different reasons as well.   I agree with you and I think League has gone too far in one direction to make melee carries possible, I cant see how they do it without those carries being used as bruisers instead or to overcome that all range carries will get 4-7 free shots off in any engagement through kiting alone. BKB only for melee item will make bruisers even more powerful.
0	Consider that your experiences might not be universal or even common.   The girl you've fucked is not the same as every other girl when it comes to placement of orifices and sensitivity of same.   Your dick is not the same as every other dick when it comes to tactile sensitivity and ability to distinguish orifices from one another.   Especially when things get hot and heavy and intense, or there's lots of lube involved and everything is slippery, or you're drunk, or in the shower, or whatever, it's remarkably easy for things to slip in the wrong place, and the initial thrust can happen too fast for the woman to react by clenching.
1	Each team gets 15 minutes of the pause timer. Think of it like a basketball game where each team gets a certain amount of timeouts. Once they are out of timeouts, they can't stop the game no matter what the reason is.   In this situation, TBD's support player disconnected and could not reconnect within the 15 minutes allotted to each team. Velocity should not have to waste their pause time because of something that is wrong on TBD's side.   Granted, this type of situation would not happen in a LAN setting, but because it is an online tournament, there are rules that must be followed to ensure equal gameplay across each match.   Even though Velocity was behind significantly when Bubba DCed, they should not be forced to remake/forfeit because of a problem on the other team.   A good comparison would be soccer. If a player is found to be continually violating the rules, they get a red card and are forced to leave the game. This puts that player's team at a handicap. Even if that team is up 3-0, the losing team gets a chance to come back and wouldn't have to surrender. In this game, TBD used up 15 minutes of pause time (a rule set my the tournament), and their player was not back in time. To continue to pause the game would be a violation of the rule, and could be subject to an automatic forfeit (don't know the exact rules/punishments). Instead of forfeiting due to pause time, they started the game up handicapped, which Velocity has all the right to come back and try to win.
1	Not possible, I know for a fact, you retaliated.   When I first started playing, i was pretty toxic and got warned a few times. Now, i'm just toxic like maybe 1/10 games, and never see a warning.   I just played a game earlier where this dude was raging at me because I was like 0/5 and it was promos. 2 people from each team spoke up that he was in the wrong and promos isn't an excuse to be toxic, they all said they reported him.
0	On autopilot...miss my turn...   wife: "Um, aren't you gonna turn?"   me: "Um...yes...I'm just going this other way....I know how to drive!"     Next time I'm on autopilot...miss turn and all possible alternatives...   Wife: "Where are you going?"   Me: "Why didn't you tell me I was going the wrong way?"
1	Yes. Late game she becomes less and less useful. I've read Riot posts about how they can't give her better team fight stats because her heal is too powerful early.   Always run ghost + flash. Masteries 9/0/21. (Flat Mana Regen runes are very helpful). First you're gonna want to farm to 1210 gold if you can. Then buy boots and blasting wand. From there get ginsoo's asap, unless you have around 400 in which case you could pick up a mana crystal just cause her mana is a bit sparse early. Merc treads or boots of speed (usually merc). Once you have ginsoos you are really at a great place. You can survive for a hell of a long time and just farm or whatever. Once I got merc treads and ginsoos and saved to 10000 gold (trololol). In other words... though you may have to run, after you have ginsoos... you're lookin pretty good. Cougar moves are no mana cost and stack ginsoos... go cougar and spam w to get to a lane and you'll always have full stacks by the time you reach it. Also if you watch your stacks, try to keep them at 8 by switching  to cougar (a move in itself) and jumping around when you're waiting behind the lines for a fight to break out. Then after ginsoos go sheen then lich bain. Then its situational... hourglass? deathcap? More defense? It kinda all depends.   If you really want to get good watch hotshotgg's nid, but realize that on his level he has to really be super sneaky w/ the spear. On lower levels you can just nail ppl who don't really know about it or how to dodge it. Remember if you spam the spear early they'll begin to learn to dodge it. Getting good at nid is learning the high probability spear shots.   Then late game you gotta realize that you're not really a great team fighter. Try to hit some of their carries with spears before your team initiates. Then even after they initiate hang back and try to just pick off ppl who are out of place w/ cougar or spears. Spam heals. If your team loses the fight retreat right out of range healing your retreating team. If you win go in as cougar and clean up.   Edit: Also very importantly, Nidalee does not really carry like your typical carry champ. She picks people off... heals teammates to save them from death. Its not like a veigar who just wrecks ppl in a second or Jarvan who is invisible and just follows you til death do you part. Nid is actually best when SHE is being chased. Learn where you can jump through as a cougar and practice your approaches so you can hit them ( her w as cougar is one of the hardest jump moves to hit of any character I know). Remember her passive speed increase in brush which you can use to escape (its worth it to go a tiny bit out of the way to catch the brush for the increased speed) or to deny. Learn to switch from cougar to human and either heal or spear IMMEDIATELY. Get a few of them chasing you around and as your team comes to help be ready for the moment to pop back into human, heal, spear, and turn the fight back on them AFTER your help has initiated on them.   In my opinion nidalee is not the best champ in the game, but she is the most fun to play. She is completely balanced, and can make some amazing escapes that turn into massacres of the enemy team. Most importantly have fun. If you're not having fun with her, stop and try her again later.   edit2: Also while i'm at it, remember to watch minion life... if you can set up a spear so you throw it and a minion dies while its in the air exposing and then hitting the enemy you will catch them a lot of the time.
0	The post title doesn't match the content and I unsubscribed from atheism because it's an annoying circle jerk so please don't make me put up with mislabed atheism posts.
1	My worry with MVP-selection:   Players might get more into the mindset of "I CARRIED YOU BASTARD, THAT'S WHY I TOOK ALL YOUR FARM", instead of understanding that this is  a team game.   And I think it's because of this exact issue that the honor-system is underused. People look at their kill/death ratio and are content. They don't look at the nice team-outplays that the team has accomplished, and they don't understand that they can't "carry" if their team is not performing decent at least.
1	I will agree that Regi has been underperforming, or as some might say performing as badly as they expected.   It's not just him though.  Xpecial has making some questionable moves.  His flash stun with Annie was really awkward.  The casters said that he did it after Regi left, but that wasn't the case, it was almost like he did it without communicating to his team, it was so strange how nobody tried to follow up, which makes me wonder why he did it.   In the first game versus SKT, Dyrus made a  really  dumb decision when he literally walked towards Renekton... who could stun him... and gave up first blood.  That was one of the only few times I would say I noticed TSM doing something stupid.   And I know it's easy to watch things unfold and see the mistakes happening and think "man why did he do that.." but some of the things Dyrus did in these past few TSM games were just confusing.  What's crazy about that is that I'm a Silver V shitter.  I'm only really good at the game compared to my friends and a lot of people I encounter in solo queue.  Dyrus was an NA allstar, so was Xpecial, and all of them are mechanically superior to me and have superior game knowledge, but that's exactly why I'm trying to say that their play confused me.  They are all very good players and I actually like all of their personalities, but when I saw them make mistakes that even I wouldn't make (casting hemo on a healthy Shen who has high MR who can escape easily, walking back into a 2v1 after narrowly escaping) it's just disheartening!   I wish TSM would play as good as they truly are.  I don't think they were at the top of their game.  It wasn't just facing better opponents, I feel like it was a combination of nerves and really bad communication and a lack of coordination.  If they played like that versus GG.eu, it would have been a very shaky win for TSM.   I really hope that they figure out a better way to communicate.  Maybe not rely on only Regi to make calls, at least not all of them.  It should be all of them making calls whenever they see an opportunity to create a play, and everyone needs to have calm nerves and the confidence in themselves and the person calling the play to follow up on the call.
0	I'm sure I'll get lost in comment oblivion, but if I don't I have some hope for ya ;). This is coming from a 20 f who did the exact same Thing to my SO just over a year ago. I was in college, he was 1200 miles away and he just asked me to marry him two Xmas ago. I said yes but shortly after realized I couldn't do the long distance engagement while in college. So I broke it off and lived my life. I don't want to tell you that part of the story because I'm sure if her thought process is the same she'll do a lot of the same things.   However I can fast forward the story to a year later, we'll call it "today." We're getting married at the end of March :). I always told him I would come back though, I made that very clear when we split last February.
1	Lets assume there are 115 champs and at least 2 skins for each (and that's being generous). Lets assume the skins are each 100mb. That would mean 10 skins is 1gb and the game is greater than 10gb. That is skins ALONE.   Battlefield 3 is less than 10 gbs (No DLC).
0	Part of it is the fact that, as a female, it's difficult to breastfeed in the courtroom as you represent clients. All joking aside, the day I was officially admitted to the state bar (big ceremony and all that), we learned I was pregnant with our first child. If I thought it was tough in my town as a female to get a job, getting a job while already pregnant was nearly impossible. I remember one attorney commented off-handedly, "Yeah, maybe we should hire a female attorney." At one of my first bar association dinner meetings after my son was born, another attorney asked me if I was any good in bed. So, yeah, I tried going out on my own. I made some terrible business decisions - example, I bought a bunch of books with some statutes (this was before the internet was a thing) and the monthly update costs nearly killed me.   Shortly afterward, our state began requiring CLE (Continuing Legal Education) credits. The beginning wasn't too bad because a kind attorney was able to get me to be a local administrator for the courses so I was able to get the credits for free. Eventually, that system changed and it got very expensive.   My marketing of myself was good and bad. People knew me but they knew me as this "bleeding heart" who helped low-income people when no one else would. I created a county position for victims of DV who were coming to court unrepresented while their alleged abusers were getting free help from the county public defender. (Side note: PFAs are civil matters but if a defendant violates the order, they are subject to indirect criminal contempt charges, thus, this is how our local backward county paid for abusers but did not provide for victims. Legal services used to represent any victim for free but then with cutbacks, only represented those who were within income-requirements AND went through their office. About 90% of victims showed up to court with no representation.) Developing and creating this position took over a year to implement but since, in good conscience, I could not allow these victims to show up with no assistance so I started volunteering in court. Yes. You read that correctly. I, as an fully admitted and licensed attorney, volunteered my time for about a year-and-a-half every week. I was literally a non-profit attorney. Oh, and lots of local non-profits wanted me in their boards because, well, free advice.   I know, on my tombstone, it will say something like, "Here lies a goody-goody" and I'm okay with that. At least it won't say, "Here lies a bitch on heels."
0	What many people fail to realize is that there are some dumb-as-shit people who can, constitutionally, vote.  These people base their votes solely upon issues they care strongly about, or policies that would or currently are benefitting them.  A great example is wellfare.  Sure, it is a good idea because we as a society have a duty to help those less fortunate than us.  But the extent that it is taken advantage of in our country is despicable.  And all the people on wellfare are going to vote for the party that will keep those checks coming.  In reality, few people are patriotic enough or logical enough to vote for what is best for the country, rather than what is best for themselves.
1	It's definitely ok to resign yourself to bronze but just remember to those who strive to get out of bronze, you can fucking do it.  this is the account of a friend of mine who started after his 10 placement games at bronze 4. but in 3 weeks, he got all the way to gold 5. he singlehandedly proved to me that elo hell doesn't exist. if you look at his stats, he did a great thing in getting out of bronze. he played hypercarries that were strong in solo queue. 1. playing selfish to carry in bronze is the best way to get out of it. you have to play to literally 1v5 games in the worst case scenario, a hyper carry can do that. 2. play what is strong in solo queue. don't pick shit like rumble jungle. play shit like tryndamere, zed, kassadin, jax, corki, hypercarries who can splitpush and destroy in fights early and late. 3. don't be scared to play and play to improve. take notes on every little thing you're doing wrong. use that to improve the next game. don't rage and blame others. focusing on the mistakes of others will never get you out of solo queue. focusing on your mistakes, even if you win, is how you're going to improve.
1	The reason that Xerath isn't played competitively is because no one has picked him up yet. Just wait for some sooper leet hacker pro player to play him in a tournament and do well. People will be all over Xerath :/   It's annoying, but your regular player will pretty much think that if the pros aren't playing a certain champ, then the champ is rubbish and no one should play them.   But here are a few reasons you should pick up Xerath     His range is phenomenal   He has a good teamfight presence with his combo stun and aoe ult   His ult is on a really short cooldown, so you it'll be up a lot in lane, and you can even use it more than once if the two teams are doing the little poke dance that they end up doing in mid.   He has a good roam, he can push wave, then go to help out bot if they're pushed back.    Scorched Earth Xerath is a beautiful skin.     There are more reasons, but I'm too lazy to type it all out, and I kind of wanna play league again.
1	I used to play only Janna. I've since switched to only Sona.   I don't think Janna is weak, just that there is little advantage in picking her. Sona can easily carry her lane (95% of the time regardless of how experienced her AD is) and still be useful late with her ultimate. Janna, on the otherhand, feels a bit more dependent on her AD to be able to farm and trade properly (she can't poke with her 475 auto range without getting severely punished and Janna has bad mana problems if she uses Q and W liberally). I've played 300 games with Janna this season, and I still have a bad ult occasionally (whether it's because: I suck, I think we should disengage and my team disagrees, or an enemy anticipates what I'm going to do and flashes at the right time) which completely fucks up fights. If I miss an ult as Sona, I don't projectile their carries to safety. Also, Lulu has almost as good kiting as Janna, WAYYYYYYY better poke, and can help initiate and protect her carries with poly and Q. The only thing Janna has going for her is that she is almost impossible to kill when warding if she has ult/flash.
0	I am finishing up my junior year as an engineering student at a very selective / competitive school (yes, I have a good internship), and the engineering classes here are commonly curved to a B-/B. That means that half the kids are getting a 3.0 or 2.8 or whatever in their core classes. taking liberal electives and getting As means you can pull this up a little. But i got an interesting, relevant, well paying internship, and my GPA is not much better than the median here.   Self-learning the course is irrelevant, it's not that you don't understand. It's that everyone else understands too, and understands it really well, and the class is still curved to a 3.0 or whatever.
0	You are absolutely correct. r/spacedicks is good for people who like fapping to gore when /b/ doesn't have interesting going. That and people who just like to fap to gore and who just happen to be redditors.
1	I have done something similar to this once. Our team decided that top will be duo and went there, mundo was 1v2 bot and I was sticks starting at blue. As i'm about to smite it, bot lane comes and ganks me. I respawn and run straight to the golem to get ganked again, after asking mundo to follow his lane opponents if they leave. Basically I did this 9 times in a row and there was no reaction from any lane at all. I got my golem eventually (as 1 level at about 15th minute) and we managed to stomp them quite convincingly after that.
1	Athenes costs too much and gives too little ap compared to morello. stinger is the most cost effecient item on him and he needs it. morello + 10% cdr from runes/masteries and stinger, gives you 40% cdr and 90% attack speed. This grants you higher dps than athenes + rabadons. I prefer to get the flat cdr because I can get 40% cdr faster and the faster I get 40% cdr the faster i can take baron. Also with more attack speed you have more baron/dragon/tower damage. The only reason I would suggest athenes is if you don't know how to manage your mana, but morello is more than enough especially with blue buff.
0	I field a lot of calls from people looking to sell their table. The sad fact that I have to tell them is that the $2-3k table that they bought maybe 5 years ago, though in fine condition may only end up fetching $500-ish. But then there are the other costs.   I spoke with a few people who were getting their table for free from their next door neighbour who was moving out, and wanted us to move it over for them and change the cloth. That's taking apart the table, walking everything next door (3x 150lb slabs of inch thick slate are no joke), re-clothing the rails, rebuilding and re-leveling the table. The whole thing was around seven or eight hundred. Hell the cloth on it's own is $150-200, and that's the bar room stuff, for tournament cloth you're looking more like $350-500. This is also not even touching on insurance for the table.
1	To be completely fair, I think there still is an underlying issue here.   Why is the person allowed to get in this situation? Why the first 4 games (the person went W L W W) get him to high LP @ Division I? If the person is detected to have a low LP, why is the throttle not kicking in sooner? Why the wins arent immediately 5-7 and losses 10-12? Why is the system letting you get to 80-90-ish and THEN fuck you over when before the game you are "whooo, only 1 win for my promotion series" and then you get shanked by the system with a 0LP on your win?   Edit: Just to reiterate: I understand WHY this is happening, but I don't understand why the system couldn't be smoother with the throttling.
1	Bangkok Titans played this out sloppier than they should have. They should not have given out first blood when G4 played too far up in lane with the jungler back in base or the skirmish in mid lane where ahri died too quickly and then Nautilus went to join her   Overall, their early-mid strategic map movements were way too weak for a first placed team. The poor trade in turrets in their mini-lane push for example, or how they freely gave away top turret when they went for the dragon. At least their teamfight seems to be another level above the Chiefs, for example winning the bottom lane dive that should not have happened because they did not take into account the availability of Maokai's TP after the death of their top laner barely a few seconds ago.
0	This is an unlikely place for a story but here goes anyway.   My wife and I had to travel through the night to go to a funeral in Minnesota. We were to stay with a relative she wasn't close with but insisted that we stay there. Persistent in saying that we had to stay there in fact. So we drive thirteen hours through the night and arrive at 11 am in the morning exhausted. We  knock on the door of this super nice house and I'm feeling relieved (I have a phobia of sleeping in unclean places) she comes down to retrieve us. The first thing I notice is that the yorki dog that follows her down the stairs is completely dreadlocked and had huge clumps of matted hair.  We walk up these stairs littered with newspapers and dead plants and I'm practically holding my breath from pet smell and dander. When we get inside the place is stacked to the fucking brim with unpacked boxes empty plates and dog food tin cans and shit with just a very tiny path carved out so you can get to each room. We are shown to a pull out couch bed. She pulls out the couch bed and a fucking mummified dog turd is just chilling on the fold out that she brushes away onto the floor like its nothing. I synch my hoodie up lay down exhausted onto this horror bed and give my wife the look of "why" and fall asleep to the smell of decay. We were only able to sleep a couple of hours because we had to book it to the funeral so when I awoke I hit the shower immediately which wasn't any better and I will never forget the smell of dove soap combined with the smell of this house horrible. Through all of this I still wanted to be polite because she offered her house and she was my wife's family. The aunts boyfriend cooked us breakfast which I couldn't eat as well. I felt rude but couldn't force myself. After the awkward conversation of explaining why I wasn't hungry I was called back to their bedroom. Which was literally a room big enough for just a king size bed. Which was literally the only thing on the floor. But there were shelves that lined the room. As I stood just inside the door way and my wife's aunt lay there talking to me I tried to ignore the 100 plus dildos that lined the walls of that room. Glass dildos. Huge dildos. Butt bead swerved between dildos like Shitty decorations. Double headers. Dolphin shaped ones. Husker dos. Husker donts. With or without the scooter stick. Vibrators. Tiny vibrators. Nipple clamps. A lava lamp looking HuGE butt plug. It was almost nightmarish. The terrible and mind staining thing was. All of them never cleaned. All of them flakey with ungodly vaginal secretions. All of them enough to kill your boners for a week.   I'm still almost upset with my wife when I think about the awkwardness of that day.
0	I'm going to both agree and disagree with you.  Yes if there was good quality discourse and conversation, you'd be treated as equal and debated. I'm going to disagree based on what kind of  critical discourse your conservative ideology is being applied to. Conservatism in a sociological and poststructural sense is always the dominant discourse of society (think of it on a sliding scale, years from now some aspects of liberal ideology will be considered conservative). So it becomes conservatism to be overly critical of minority ideology...blah blah I'm taking to this to deep.
1	Or he could attack the tower once and see how much damage he does and do one division operation. That's why chsiao said "dealing" 60 damage per aa.   Or he just has experience playing this game he knows the damage he'd do with that approximate amount of armor and again, it'd be simple division. That's not unbelievable for a pro, apparently madlife has a spreadsheet of blitz moveespeed with dif items/buffs.
0	Every war has been instigated for political expediency.  The wars on poverty and drugs, if you consider their effects rather than the stated goals, are about solidifying and further stratification of classes in America to further political hegemony.  The federal government ran an extensive test of a basic minimum income and concluded that it would end poverty with a net gain in productivity.   The caveat is the "meritocracy" veneer that the plutocracy uses to maintain status quo melts away, making established political means of influence less effective.  So you can imagine it wasn't so popular with anyone in a position to implement it.
1	Not so fast! Lulu is most likely significantly younger than what you think she is.   What I gathered from  her lore  for that long.   It is entirely possible (and in my mind, likely) that she was only there for, say, a year or two (GTRF) before realizing that she had been living here instead of in Bandle City, as it was her former home that she probably felt she belonged to. So in the GTRF, Lulu may have only aged one or two years before returning home to the BCTRF. What has actually aged several hundred years is Bandle City though, not Lulu. Lulu's body may have  existed  for several hundred years in the BCTRF, but because of the time spent in the GTRF, Lulu would not actually have experienced all of those years, and would be significantly younger.   Because that was probably the worst explanation you have ever read in your entire life, let me put this another way. Suppose Lulu has been living in Bandle City for 20 years. Then she goes to the Glade for one year and comes back. Her body would be 21 years old, and in her mind she would be 21 years old. But in the BCTRF, because hundreds of years have passed, she would be at least 320.   It's like putting a "time traveler" in perfect stasis outside of time and waking them up hundreds of years later. They may have  existed  for several hundred years, but they have not  aged  several hundred years. If you accept that logic, then Lulu would have also not aged by being in the GTRF.   Only real issue here is what her age is before she went into the Glade, which is not stated anywhere in lore that I have seen. However, judging by her voice compared to a more "adult" yordle, Poppy, it is not unreasonable to suggest that Lulu is in her early/mid youth.
1	There are some assumptions in this post. I'll go through a couple, because Reddit Formatting is my non-specialty.  There HAS to be a duo lane  Why? Why can't two people jungle, or three people go into a lane? Your point is assuming the current meta MUST continue to exist into the next season. Remember, all the current roles and positions were never attended. It was Europe in general that spread the 1 top, 1 mid, 2 bot, 1 jungle we all know and love.   Now why can't you buff the support role only?  But, they're not. All your bottom points are assuming this and in that context, they're perfectly right. However, all the roles are porbably being modified. Riot's made it clear that Bruisers/Melee fighters in the toplane need to be retuned. A lot of Jungle changes are incoming and it's hard not to expect the other roles being changed too. Masteries will be changed next season, confirmed in Riot posts. What those changes are, we'll have to wait and see.   Vision will always remain a crucial issue, so wards will keep being the priority  Riot has been vocal on this too. Wards stagnate games and are a bit too focal at the moment.
1	Absolutely.  I've bounced back and forth the last two seasons between gold 3 and Plat 5.  I can play 2-3 champs in every role at least decently.  Basically my strongest skill is not dying unnecessarily during laning phase and still managing to farm...and at low ELOs this will win because your opponents WILL get greedy and make mistakes.   For teamfights/late game the coordination would be on point...and as the old saying goes, if you're ALL wrong then you're right. Even if I make the wrong decision to start a fight, at my elo, if everyone commits in sync you probably will come out even or win.
0	i live in an apartment complex and we have common laundry area. the dryer is not so good. and the washer don't wash well if i put too much clothes. here is what i do. I limit to about 10 shirts worth of clothes, or 2 large towels. with this amount, it washes well and comes out dry out of the dryer every time. i just do laundry every weekend. If you are doing laundry for the entire family, maybe you can dedicate one person's load at a time? You don't even have to separate them after that.
1	A lot of people have been where you are. Most keep it secret, but it is true. People just don't want to see it. It's how the system works, where there are winners there need to be losers. 75% of ALL ranked players (which there are alot of this season more than ever and LoL claims to be the most played MOBA with at least 16 million people last time I checked) are in Bronze or Silver tiers. In theory, you win and lose 50% of your games respectively, since there needs to be 1 winning team and 1 losing team. Well, obvious. The thing is: It happens. You lose games, you are bound to. All those people up in challenger, they also lost games. And not like 100 of their 10.000, they lost alot more. LoL is a learning progress, some people naturally adapt very fast, some do not as fast and some reach their limits very fast. But Bronze V is nobody's limit. It's where the journey begins. I, myself have been almost there, I was in Bronze IV. I started playing ranked way too early, just barely hitting Lvl 30 and finishing my first rune page, for my first 4 ranked games I even lacked 2 more quintessences. A Silver friend of mine with 500 more wins(~1.100 games more in total) by then convinced me to give it a shot and I sucked dicks. hard. I didn't give up though, I tried, not harder, but smarter: Watch streams, ask people for help and relearn the basics. What I see in reading your post is that you think that you already know everything, but you do not. Neither do I. Also, most of these ragers and trollers you mention are like yourself: desperate to get out of Bronze. League is a very passionate game, being intense fast-paced and you always want to be better than last time and since it repeats so often it's similar to Doodle Jump. It also made you cry out of frustration (metaphorically) on your 1.000th death. But you can chosse to go on. I made it to Gold I, and still want to climb. It's your decision to give upor go on. And you should go on.
0	Nonono, you see, people need to be protected from their own stupidity.   For instance, not seeing the huge contradiction that is an "unpopular opinion" meme being popular enough to appear on the front page time and again, and the problem in that.   So the administrators take the only logical step and ban that clusterfuck. Because, obviously, the majority of the community lacks elementary reasoning.
1	QFT,I remember my promo for gold,20 games played and i didnt reach gold,told my self its impossible to lose every single promo but  i had so many toxic players that i told to myself its just a way of being in silver and  i rly wanted to reach gold,so i played 1 champ that i tought it would carry me out of silver (corki) and i went from s1 20lp to g5 promo for g4 in 2 days...
1	They won't be nerfing those kind of junglers, at least in terms of itemization. The tanky support junglers running double gp5 items will still remain viable, they just want to make other junglers "more viable".   Yes the jungle camps scale in health, but it's not that significant. The tanky junglers only become fractionally behind when it comes to clear speeds. But fast clear junglers, counter junglers and assassin junglers are really hurting right now. I remember 4 months ago when I started to jungle with shyvanna it was fun, there were much more mind games when I was against the enemy jungler, counter jungling was actually viable. With proper ward placement and other strategies I would be able to counter jungle throughout the game keeping my farm up. But with the current cc heavy, constantly ganking junglers, I have to do the same. I am yelled at by my lanes for not ganking enough, even though as shyv one might argue her goal is to beat the enemy jungler and not necessarily constantly gank.   Now currently, I get yelled at if I dont jungle with someone with a hard cc (nautilus, Mao, malphite, amumu, etc) mid wants the wraiths the whole game, while bot/top constantly wants double golems.   The tanky gp5 junglers wont be hit that hard, because they will still do well at their role, and that is ganking often. The advantages that other junglers had over the initiate type of junglers has fallen off due to the way the meta has evolved into what it is today. Counter jungling, 1v1 potential, buff steal potential, sustain, clear speed, movement speed, 2v2 potential, assassination potential, ability to recover from counter jungling, escapes, tower dive potential- these were all valuable qualities that the other junglers had over the stale current jungling meta. The other strategies and qualities just don't get to shine anymore.
1	in an ARAM yesterday. Other than that, about a week ago a guy called jungle, picked elise, then somebody else instalocked jungle yi shortly after. So elise played support
1	As a high elo player, that pretty oftenly queues up with friends bad in this game, i just usually stomp the lower elo player im laning against, and afterwards tell them what they did wrong, give tips, etc, if they are willing to accept the advice. Sometimes they just go full "OMG NOOB DIE OFF CANCER NOOB CHAMP", where, in my opinion, they deserve to get stomped, because they are literally throwing away a chance to get better in this game. Usually they do ask, for the advice, though, and them, im more than glad to help, i sometimes even end up in custom games with the guy i just stomped, to have a better shot at helping him.   E:
1	It's stupid because this issue would be 100% resolved with booths as is standard in e sports   Not allowed to Link ongamers articles on reddit, but you are free to go and look up their articles on SC2 pros complaining about sound getting through booths the same way people are complaining about Riot's noise cancelling headsets.   And since noise cancelling works by attacking the frequencies of the noise, and the headsets and booths are both working on the same frequencies they have significant diminishing returns. The frequencies that slip through 1 will still slip through the other as neither counters them. What it does counter will likely be further reduced but at significantly diminishing returns. For example [here's]( a graph of the difference in sound dampening between 2, 3, and 4, extra sheets of the same sound dampening dry wall. As you can see the difference between the initial dB loss of the various frequencies, and the additional dB loss with more of the same materials is very small. This is because adding more material of the same sound cancelling type is one of the least effective methods of reducing sound.
1	Yes i know that. When I play him mid i love having a blue on me. But the thing is, if I play a mana jungler i will not give it to you, unless i have some mana regen items, which is in my example nearly never the case, cause i mainly play khazix and vi, which both need some pretty decent amount of manausage tho.
0	The only reason they are mean to you is because they have horrible lives and want you to feel as miserable as they do.   I agree with the rest, but I'm gonna argue this one.   We receive collection calls at my home all the time. Well, collections and telemarketing, but the other bit isn't as important.   I don't know what company is calling. They won't tell me a goddamn thing, since they're not calling for me. I also have no goddamn idea how they got my home phone number since  I  don't even know what it is. Everybody in my home uses our cellphones, we only have a home phone because the bundle was cheaper. And every time they call, I politely ask them to update their records with the direct number for the person they're actually trying to get a hold of, so that they can not only stop waking me up a half hour before my alarm goes off, but actually get through.   After a good month or so of being woken up every morning a half hour before my alarm, I started simply picking the phone up, and then hanging it right up. This didn't seem to get through. So I started telling them not to call before at least 10AM. They again ignored it. Every thing I asked, requested, or tried to help them on was met with indifference because I wasn't who they were looking for.   So I just started answering the phone and cussing them out. First thing in the morning, I'm deficient of nicotine, caffeine and fucks to give, and these assholes are making the phone go off and waking me up.   Well what do you know, they stopped after about a week. And finally used the direct number I gave them.
1	I don't think it's necessary for new players to "catch up," as you say, to older players. I've only seriously been playing for about 2 months now, and I see absolutely nothing wrong with how the champions are priced. I actually think that having so many 6300s is good, as it makes me have to work harder to get the champions I want, which makes me better at the champions I have. I currently own 22 champions, around half of which are 6300s. If I owned 40 or 50 instead, I would have a gigantic pool of champions I never would play. If I really want to try a champion, I wait for them to go free (which is admittedly not always going to happen), or ask a friend to let me try them on their account.
1	Viktor is my main AP mid champion and although I'm in love with him, I'd have to partially agree with Scarra.   Hi damage output is ridiculous but the cast time and range on his W field is misleading and is such so that I actually don't bother getting a point unless I'm being camped (I find wards to be sufficient). His ult isn't that bad, but the range is similar to the W, in that it's possible to catch your enemy at the bare end of it or miss them altogether as I have often done. When you think about it though, with his damage output and utility spell abilities (silence, slow, stun), it's hard to buff or fix these issues with him without making him OP in a way.   I find that Viktor counters many mid champs though, especially at 6 when you can flash ult and silence for the kill. His laning phase can go absurdly well and if you do fall behind farming with the laser is an option. I'd be hard placed to "lose a lane" against many of the current mid selections of the meta.
0	Fun fact, the colonial leaders actually didn't want representation. They knew that the tiny amount of representation they would have gotten wouldn't be enough to actually change anything, but it would give them no reason to call the British government oppressive.
1	Get good at game by your own measures; this way you'll get confident you can win regardless of which lane you're made to play, cuz you get a couple or more champs to play all of them. Get more confident overall, this way you won't ph34r losing, you will assume you'll win the game before it even starts ("winner's mindset").   Don't think of winning or losing as the purposes of games you're playing; the purpose is to get better. If you learn from every game it doesn't matter whether it was a loss or a win.
0	As an 18 year old white male,  They already do!   Seriously, I was playing M:TG at my university and an Asian guy in my group went 'Nigga please!' to his black opponent when he used a counterspell.  I've never said it just because I was raised that it was disrespectful, same with the word "ain't", but if it weren't for that mental conditioning I'd have no problem saying it.  I've heard my white friends say it, my girlfriend, all in non-racist connotations and to a mulch-ethnic group and there's never been a fuss.
0	It's not really any better why they lie to you about it.  My old doctor would leave the room and come back having obviously googled my sysmptoms.  When she quoted webmd verbatim I called her out on it (not even mad, just like, "haha, I use the internet too!") and she was super weird and flustered and tried to deny it.   It's also great when doctors tell you one thing (because they wer just guessing) and then something completely different   > your symptoms misled us...   My symptoms didn't do shit to you, they are what they are and I'm paying you to figure them out, you were wrong.
0	I will tell you that the most recent research shows that ADHD is much more complex then thought before and it varies greatly from person to person with some consistencies. So what may only require you to develop coping mechanisms may be much more significant for someone else.  Also when you might only present with some symptoms others might present with much greater symptoms like sleep disorders which the stimulant medication treats.   A little science for you. You don't have to read if you don't want to I just like informing.   ADHD seems to be linked to a lack of proper neurotransmitter activity in an area of the prefrontal cortex called the a2 region. When someone takes stimulant medication it dumps dopamine into that part of the brain allowing those neurotransmitters to function properly majoring the person with ADHD feel "normal". This part of the brain is responsible of sending information from and to the frontal lobe which is responsible for impulse control, prioritizing information, and sequential thought.
1	Hey guys,   We’ve been talking to players about how they feel about pricing for a while now – we’ve talked with you on the forums, ran surveys, met with some of you in person, and listened to your feedback.   As a result of those conversations, we’re making some changes to champion pricing aimed at generally lowering champion prices and making it easier for you to add to your champion collection. This plan will involve immediate and ongoing reductions of IP and RP prices of older champions, as well as increasing the time you have to earn IP between champion releases.   We will also be slightly increasing the first-week IP price of new champions to partially offset lower overall prices.   Here’s the plan, which is being implemented immediately:   New Champion Release Schedule   You may have already noticed the rate at which we’ve been releasing champions has slowed. Moving forward, we’re targeting 14-17 new champions in 2013 -- around one every 3-4 weeks. This gives you more time to accumulate IP between champion releases, and it enables our design team to spend more time developing and polishing each new champion.   RP and IP Price Tiers   We’ve also updated the RP cost of champions so that that they’re more strongly correlated with the IP price. RP costs now match IP cost accordingly:   450 IP = 260 RP 1350 IP = 585 RP 3150 IP = 790 RP 4800 IP = 880 RP 6300 IP = 975 RP 7800 IP (first week) = 975 RP   Immediate Price Reductions   The seven oldest 6300 IP champions (Ezreal, Vladimir, Renekton, Nocturne, Lee Sin, Brand and Vayne) have all been reduced to 4800 IP/880 RP. As with all permanent price reductions, we’ll automatically refund the difference for anyone who’s purchased one of these champions up to two weeks prior to today.   Price Reduction Schedule   Every time a new champion is released, the oldest 6300 IP/975 RP champion will be reduced to 4800 IP/880 RP.   Also, with every third champion release, an additional champion currently priced at 4800 IP or lower will be reduced to the next lowest tier, based on age and ease of play.   New Champion First-Week IP Price   All brand-new champions will cost 7800 IP/975 RP for the first week only, and will be reduced to 6300 IP thereafter.
0	Really? Why is that? Might be an unpopular opinion but being with someone who is constantly depressed could bring you down too and seeing someone you care about let themselves go is depressing itself. (Now I'm not saying dump someone in the short period people are switching meds like ohitsjustkevin mentioned, you have to give a little leway in during these periods to make a relationship work.) But over time its tough on both parties involved, and could wear on the one who's always trying to cheer up the other one. People change and you can't force someone to stay with someone else just because they had a history. Pity is not a good reason to remain in a relationship, shes a person not a psychiatrist. Sorry for this little rant but you don't know the whole story so she might be a perfectly fine person.
1	I doubt you speak for most players; and clearly, of the 9 players present, only 5 appeared in agreement (including the one committing to the act) that it was good manners. Where the opposite is true; whether you like it or not, he actively and intentionally committed to hindering his own team. I understand wanting a fair game, and it's much more rewarding if you win such a thing, but the simple (and usually stupid) ideology of "2 wrongs don't make a right" applies here.   The AFK was perhaps not even cause of the one who is AFK, and is probably out of their control -- however, the cause of doing nothing for his team with the intention of lowering their team's effectiveness to a level that is less deviated from the enemy team's is absurd and it is ban-able with good reason.   I'm surprised this is as contentious as it is. Sounds like there's a good flow of bias around here in regards to people who've had AFKs or 'good-manner' enemies when they've had some one missing from their team. I don't see why they'd support the idea of potentially forfeiting a game for the sake of 'fairness' because one opposing player had some thing go wrong.   -- And don't say "for the sake of Honour":     If you're in Ranked for the sake of Honour, then get out and play some Normals -- Ranked has the objective of climbing and winning the game.  Nothing else matters  but destroying the enemy Nexus and actions taken to inhibit you or your team's ability to do that (intentionally) is automatically and (again) reasonably an offence that has shown to be ban-able by the Tribunal.     The majority of you (you could probably count the amount of people who are 'Honourable' in their games with your fingers, here) are not actually Honourable. You don't engage in even fights  only,  you don't do the same as this Kassadin (even though that's dishonourable to your own team) and you're not all loyal in any particular respect to your faction (in this case, your team). How many of you rage? How many of you are quick -- or even average, to judge a player on your team and call him/her out on it, when you're aware that it's not going to actually be constructive towards your win(s)?       I'm not saying I'm a saint, I'm not saying I press toward the best objective and make the best plays all of the time -- but Hell, I try and by no means do I retain a sense of Honour within this game besides refraining from verbally provoking an opponent (unless they initiated it, in which case, a proportional retaliation is of good measure, and fun to do in a lot of cases, too).
1	I love zed with a passion. Picked him up when people were still going "ew a zed mid". i must say, i find it amazing how people can go from thinking a champ is worthless to crying about it.   Anyways, Zed does his job, gimps a carry. Much like other assassins, if you actually protect a adc, assuming they have good positioning, you have rendered Zed or any other assassin either dead or really low health if they jump in. Zed is also near worthless if he doesn't win lane.
1	I know it will be hard to do, but you have to look at this like what is really is, it's simply a game.  Sure, there are people that will never realize that fact, but this is supposed to be a medium of entertainment.  If you aren't finding it fun, it's something that you should probably stop for a little while.   But, if for some reason you can't, try and take the game less seriously, instead of focusing on winning, focus on trying to get better.  If you take less time worrying about how much your team is raging, and more time focusing on trying to find what you can do better, it will provide a lot more positive results.   I know the whole tuning everyone out, focusing on yourself, gives off a bad vibe, but I mean to do that when everyone is raging at each-other, and also, it's SOLO-Q for a reason, the people that you get queued up with aren't usually your friends, generally they are strangers, you can make them your friends, but the whole reason you are even partnered with them is because you wanted to play the game on your own volition.  If people start raging at you, don't respond, you can't win, there is no argument that you can bring up, be it logical or not to why something happened. Just accept it and move on.
0	That seems more complicated.   The rephrasing of the above user's post which you offered does not serve to simplify the intended message.  In fact, it seems to render the concept more difficult to comprehend through pedantic verbosity and unnecessary examples.   FTFY
1	I think it's important to understand that professional players typically know how to take all of this with a grain of salt. They were raised up through an often toxic community and aren't going to be devastated from seeing some hateful comments. Yeah, I think that if you take time out of your day to bash a professional for slipping up, you should probably get a life. But here's the thing: someone who gets PAID to play league probably won't give two shits what I have to say about how they did in their game. Clearly they figured out something about this game that I haven't. That's not to say no one in the audience is a credible source, but those that are flaming are likely lacking in that department. They understand that.   The flip side to this is that attitude is everything. If you respond poorly to negativity as a professional, it speaks volumes to your character. Think of players who lash out at their critics versus those who are able to poke fun at themselves instead. Yeah, the big thumbs down in the Internet can feel oppressive sometimes but at the end of the day the only thing that holds them above us is the fact that they are BETTER.
1	Fuck it. When in doubt source it.
0	Performance wise, the Exige seems like a really fun car to own and drive. I don't care for the aesthetics though. I think it's the bug eye headlights that ruin it for me.   As for the Ferrari, I'll take an F12 Berlinetta please :)   Edit: Speaking of Lotus, the 2014 Esprit looks amazingly sexy   Edit2: Apparently this is the [2015(?) Elise]( concept. Want.
1	There was a huge thing on the whole deal about a shadow-ban. He was in the staff or something from what I read and he's supposed to help promote atleast 10 other people or comment on their stuff. I don't know man but there was enough posts to make everyone understand what happened there. Why are you digging out buried bones.
1	With OP on this. Feel that alot of the American fans are being rather unsportsmanlike. I went into this match expecting C9 to win and was pleasantly surprised by the outcome. Feel fnatic banned and picked more sucessfully that C9 and Hai's small champion pool really made for a difficult time for them.
1	Whilst you do make some good points regarding friendship, or there lack of, not being an excuse for their losses, I'd like point out that's it's nigh impossible to make a team perform that doesn't get along with one another, especially in such a team reliant game.  Especially using TSM as an example; yes, Bjergsen was already a good player, but he ALREADY had prior connections with TSM, having played and communicated with them before. As you can tell, he's great friends with his teammates as well. Amazing then followed, and doubtlessly Bjergsen was already familiar with him as well. Perhaps the odd one out (do you see what I did there?) was Gleeb who was eventually replaced with Lustboy. Lustboy himself was a close friend of Locodoco (a fact confirmed by the pair before Lustboy was even a part of TSM). Even looking at DIG, once again, their roster swaps involved people they already knew, and formed relationships with. Their coach is there to oversee the transition and watch them grow as a team.  The most comparable roster swap scenario with CLG, would probably be EG, with Altec and Helios. But the initial roster swap didnt go so well with them and it really did take them a while to get going. Regardless it's not an accurate comparison since they too face relegations.
1	I want to cosplay her so badly, I'm almost pale enough, the only thing stopping me is my pudgy stomach, but I'm working on getting rid of that just to cosplay as her. Also I'd need a wig, cause of short hair...
0	Stamina in bed is not stamina in the streets. Some muscle guy, who could beat the shit out of me in 10seconds,  are 2pump chumps. Other guys who are fat slobs have some ninja mind trick to tantra hump forever.   For a female perspective I don't think  stamina  is as important. I may not like banging a starfish but it's not game over like a busta.
0	It's simply because consumers know what a mac is, it's a computer that is no hassle. When I say no hassle, its got an os, internals, screen, and storage already made. It is also advertised as such a computer  built  to your needs.   consumers have no fucking clue what to do with pcs because you can build your own and anything bought pre-built is shit really. There also isnt much advertising when it comes to pcs because there are so many variations.
1	Seeing you use the words vacuum and wall made me think of a new combo. There are a ton of food combos that go well with Galio's ult, like Kennen, Sona, etc, but with Thresh, Galio can ult and then Thresh can throw his wall down around him. Forcing the enemies to go through it when trying to escape Galio, which in turn, slows them and doesn't allow them to escape (The slow on Thresh's ult is 99%). Though it was unintentional, thanks! :P
1	I agree with this mostly, except (and maybe I'm playing Yasuo/the other three wrong) I don't feel the need to be constantly dumping out those three's abilities. They're definitely core kit type stuff, but with Yasuo, I'm dashing or q-ing more than half the time there's a wave/target available. It's taking a bit of getting used to.
0	your style isn't a style I'm into. But with that being said I've gotta say I've noticed you've improved. Better audio equipment maybe? And you don't sound nearly as raspy as you used to. Overall you do a pretty good job and your songs are entertaining.
1	I call MIA when it's convenient for me (sounds conceited, I know)--like, I'm not going to sacrifice a few last hits (Or whatever the case may be, depending on what I have to type.)   However, I hate when my teammates don't call MIA.  At least as a courtesy.  Yes, people should have map awareness.  Yes, people should be checking their minimap very frequently.  However, MIAs are always helpful to those people who either forget, don't do it at all, are distracted (for whatever reason) or in my case, in the zone and all of the above occurs.  Yes, I also frequently miss the MIA calls because of this...But it still helps.:)
1	This "first armor is more effective" thing is a myth. Damage is worked out as this (100/100+armor)  AD Basically what this means is for every 1 point of armor you have effectively 1% more HP called effective health. So if you have 1000 hp and 150 armor your opponent will need to do 2500 worth of physical damage to you.  The reason why this misconception arises is that the more armor you buy the less % reduction it says you have 1% reduction at 1 armor but only 50% at 200. You can think of it like this; Lets consider you have 1000 hp and an enemy has 100 AD how many auto attacks will it take to kill you at different armor levels. At 0 armor - (100/100+0)   100. 100 Damage per hit (from the formula above)  It will take 10 shots to kill you. At 50 armor - (100/100+50)   100. 66.6 Damage per hit It will take 15 shots to kill you At 100 armor - (100/100+100)   100. 50 Damage per hit  It will take 20 shots to kill you. As you can see the difference between 100 and 66 LOOKS bigger than 66 and 50. But each 50 armor adds 5 shots of durability.
1	I hate to be the guy that has to say it, but I believe that if this was ever implemented it would only ever work in Ranked matches.   It would never work in Normals.  Blind Pick/Draft, you can have more than two people queueing up together.  This makes it so they can troll whoever the fuck they want to troll in whatever way they can.  This can already cause problems for solo players because then the teamed up players can just mess with the solo player(s).   If this is implemented in a ranked queue, you have a max of two people queueing together.  With a max of one duo queue per team.  Meaning there are two people that may be playing together, and then three solo players.  Two people can't make a vote by themselves.  They have to convince at least one other person to go along with them.  And as long as somebody isn't being toxic, they have no worries.  The other players won't mob mentality that because there's only five of them total.  Mob mentality can't apply there.  Two people can't really start it happening in such a short amount of time.  And if the duo queue partners start being toxic about it, the other three have the power to veto them out of the game.  Which is important.
1	I "escaped" just this weekend. It was quite the slog!   I played (aside from maybe 3 games) support in every single game, which means I couldn't 'carry' myself out in the normal sense of the word (i.e. Killing all the enemy team). I had to rely on my team carries to do the killing.   It took me about 175 games to go from Silver 3 after initial ranking, to get into Gold, with some bouncing between S1 and S2 for a couple of weeks. I didn't dodge any games.   ~   Being reflective; communication was probably the key factor but perhaps not in the usual sense. Those games where we had some banter in the starting lobby typically went better. Those games where someone's rage was tempered before it got out of hand.   But I think the biggest thing I could do to boost my wins was around about the 20 min mark, if we are winning, then to encourage the team to group together and push/secure the win rather than roaming around looking for ganks, and being picked off one by one.   So many throws!   If all our throws were victories I'd have probably easily knocked off 50-80 games from my total. More if it were in promotion series games.
1	There was a team called  Gentlemen's Guild , Hauntzer (mid), Cpt Tran (jungle), Tikmyth (ADC), and Apexy (Support). They, and their friends HeavenTime and Lod, are all from Vancouver, BC other than Hauntzer.   They were offered to sign with the organization after playing with NyJacky with their friends as substitutes in NACL. Daijurjur and Tikmyth didn't join the organization anyways, so they recruited HeavenTime and Lod and moved Hauntzer top. Then Apexy left the team after the team failed to qualify for LCS and they picked up Loh.   Edit:
1	Have an upvote to compliment my own extreme disagreement to your comment. Nasus is extremely strong, Nasus's weak earlygame means very little unless someone manages to pull a dive on you (read: Volibear and Xin Zhao).   I'll agree with you that Nasus is easy to kite, but..     If you dive into the enemy team going for the  Lucian , you're doing it wrong. It's much better to peel and put some damage down on the bruiser or anyone but the tank, really.     If you're good at him (read: build CDR, I always first buy spirit visage or frozen heart) you'll have 300+ Q stacks at 20 minutes, which is 500 damage per Q on a 3 second cooldown. If you're in range of somebody, you can deal insane damage while building literally none at all. On any other champion that would be ridiculous.     Mikael's got nerfed.       Coming back to his early game which can be exploited, even heavy zoning doesn't get in the way. Either you sit under tower until they roam, or you ping like mad when they do and stack Q with the CDR you built.   It's not possible to dive a Nasus early, unless he takes all the poke the enemy laner wants him to and becomes a sitting duck. His passive can help him shrug off too much damage for that, and withering anyone under tower pretty much kills their chances.   If you can not die (not hard to do) you outscale the enemy 90% of the time (Looking at Poppy, Jax, Elise or Trynd).  I can't count how many times  I've turned around on a Riven who blew her E going in, and her Q on damage and blew her up because she didn't know about the 70 stack power spike.   In my opinion, the only people who can straight up beat a Nasus top without having to snowball are Elise, Quinn, and Urgot, because of their health percentages, easy kiting, and poke/armor+damage shred respectively. I'm leaving out Jayce because he needs to snowball.
1	Yea I can definitely tell those things by your PhotoShopped JPGs.</sarcasm>   You're putting player photos, a model viewer, etc. in there and expecting it to run faster.   You're intercepting players' login information as a 3rd party entity, creating security concerns.   You can't even make the store available at launch, and if you added it later, you'd be intercepting credit card information in both directions.   On top of that Riot has not (and will not) endorse this, so they can change settings on their servers any time to break your mod.   I have nothing against you doing this as a fun side project and showing it to Riot to try to get a job or something, of course.
1	This is wrong, Leona is a hard hitter champ, that is guaranteed to get the adc a kill if she goes in. Just an e and q on Sona is half health down and if Ez is very fast with his reactions and does the e q w combo to Sona, she dies instantly at early levels and then it's cait vs Leona and Ez where she'll most likely back out and you're free to farm. The other situation is if you focus the adc well then Sona is free to poke your adc, and unless he has life steal, that damage will hurt, and cait will most likely q too when he tries to disengage.
1	I'm surprised that people don't understand this. It's plain and simple ;   as of the last 50 years or so, people everywhere around the world (the majority at least) have agreed that before everything else, you need proper education. Now, these people also agreed that this education is better "obtained" when you are young and thus, they made laws protecting young people from doing stupid shit and leaving school for stupid reasons (this may not apply to Rekkles because he is damn good, but it applies to 99% of the kids playing worldwide).
0	Going through a divorce right now at 27. 5 years ago, my wife was 19, and agreed to marry me. However, our relationship experience was vastly different, and I was really her first serious relationship. I had dated a lot, and I knew I was ready to settle down with her, she apparently didn't really know what to expect, or what she really wanted from a relationship. She packed up and left 2 days before Christmas after dropping the bomb on me that she'd never really been in love with me, but didn't really know what to do because she'd never been in love or a serious relationship before.
1	Sped up Chess?   Starcraft II can often require faster reaction times, awareness and decision making (much more intensive decision making at that) than CS or League of Legends. There's a reason that the discrepancies of skill between Asian-EU-U.S. in LoL play are less significant than in Starcraft II; because, put bluntly, Starcraft II is that much more difficult.   Actually, what I said was also a little unfair; LoL  can  be more difficult in the sense of teamplay etc. But even though you have to coordinate and communicate, I think that Starcraft II still wins out because of how intense it is on each single player on each side.   I don't think a real RTS like Starcraft (C&C, AoE, etc) can be compared to a turn-based game in any extent, really.  Because you're managing  everything  with an RTS like so; economy, the positioning of all units, military production, military movement and combat, vision/knowledge, et al.   League of Legends is still a demanding game; the smallest miscalculation on how much damage you can do versus X champion can be a kill or a death for you -- and some times, those airtight niches are actually ripped out into the eSports scene and amazes caster and viewer alike. It's kickass to say the least (hence why I'm here). And whilst I can always drill on about the booming and threat of all of the micro players need to do in Starcraft II (sometimes to do some thing as simple as come out evenly), there's a  ton  of merit to those who can coordinate and play effectively together to achieve a singular goal  together .   I think LoL requires more intuition than any thing; it still takes awareness to avoid ganks or untimely events and besides that, I think nearly all skills and champs by themselves are quite easy to play. A lot of people think Orianna is very skillful, compared to every other LoL champ. I can see how she is more difficult, but it didn't take absurd amounts of games with her for me to become adept with her; the ball is a straightforward addition and with the changes they've made to the UI to make it even easier/informative, Orianna has become an easier champion yet again.   The skill isn't in individual play; it's knowing what boundaries you can breach against another player. Those  tiny  calculations some times have chance involved; you may be looking at if they're not focused enough and you're able to do some thing before they can. If they  are  focused enough, you could very well and easily die. But you take an educated guess to strike against them for a definitive lead as best you can. And it can work. The same happens in Starcraft II as well, actually; it's a pretty good tactic to draw a player's attention to multiple places. One article is  exceptional  for [this kind of thing.](   Worth noting that quite a few players are over the age of 22 in Starcraft II.  I'm not ripping into you and had no intent to appear like I was; just thought this was probably the best opportunity to yammer all of this.
0	When you are expecting one's first child, nobody knows who they are. You can be 15, or you can be 50, and I promise you that having that kid will change who you are and how you see yourself pretty damn profoundly. Having personal shit figured out before having a kid doesn't count for half as much as you think it will. I think more life experience may make the transition into parenthood easier, and your external life circumstances absolutely matter, but there is no "being prepared personally" or "knowing who you are" when having your first kid.   Becoming a parent is a totally unique experience of ecstatic crisis that makes you feel completely insane. People who have not had kids yet or who have had them so long ago look at you, think things like >At 18, does anyone really know who they are?   because we like to think that such a huge responsibility should be taken on only when we have all our shit together.   Finding your identity in the process of becoming a parent is a great thing, and the idea that "you need to know who  you  are as a person, apart from your kids" is something I have heard from far more people without kids than I have seen parents with stunted personalities. Being a parent changes you profoundly, and not in ways you would probably choose, but not in bad ways either. The idea that you should know who you are before becoming a parent speaks more of a young adult fear of loss of identity and self, and fails to do justice to the incredible amount of self discovery that occurs looking into the face of your first child for the first time, and every second, minute, and day thereafter.   source: I am a Dad who at age 27 has a 5 month old son.
0	I was on a train once with my boyfriend and this mother and her daughter were sitting at a table. A drunk gets on and sits close to them. He starts off very talkative and everything seems okay (afterwards my bf told me he didn't think so). Anyway, something happens (I don't remember what) and the drunk starts hurling abuse at the mother. I don't realise at first as I can barely work out what he's saying and he's using regional derogatory terms (I think at the time I originally thought he was talking to someone on a phone -- I couldn't see him). I stand up, turn around, and  politely  ask him to stop. Saying that this person is the child mother and it's really not very nice to treat her like that. He stands up and walks up close to me and asks what I'm going to do about it -- obviously wants to get into a fight. Now I suppose I could have been persuaded to punch him. He is pretty drunk and doesn't look very co-ordinated. But I see the child again and know I don't want to show her that violence is the answer. I sit down and am in a bit of an odd state -- my adrenaline has spiked because I nearly thought I was going to get into a fight, but I backed out and I'm upset to how much a douche this guy is. Anyway, he thinks he's won and starts hurling abuse again. I can't take it any more and storm off in search of the train manager. I tell him what happened (I guess I must have seen a bit shaken) as he looks pretty concerned and follows me immediately. On the way he asks double checks the story and asks if I'd like to press charges (to which I decline). When we arrive the drunk crumples in the face of an authority figure and is made to leave the coach and kicked off at the next stop.
0	probably because within the first 5 minutes of the movie Buttercup is bossing around "Farmboy" Carey Elwes. They then proceeded to stone and pour acid onto their bootleg copy of the DVD and declared a Fatwah on Fred Savage and Peter Faulk. Then they all had a massive orgy involving camels and goats, and smothered themselves with hummus and sang campfire songs.
0	Look, this is not the common core.  This misconception drives me crazy. The common core asks educators to make sure that students understand methods rather than merely get results.  It does NOT require the particular methods that everybody says.  These are decisions that SCHOOLS and TEACHERS make in implementing the common core, because they are still thinking in dumb pre-core terms: they want grading to be easily quantifiable like it was when only the answer mattered. So they make one formula "the answer."  Common core actually asks for MORE FLEXIBILITY (so students can get MORE credit if they understand which formula to apply and why, but transpose a number in the answer, getting it "wrong").
1	I've reported people that have had less than 20 deaths before. One recent example is someone that went 0/7 before 10 minutes, and in the chat refused to play better.(he was overextending without warding and knew he was being camp, he admitted to it, and just kept dying on their tower) I had another instance where a player got mad at something someone said and afk'd in lane giving 2 kills.
0	Even if they are not an asshole, it still is annoying.  It reinforced, at least for me, the idea that I was a object, created to serve, rather than another person.   It was like 30% of people were trying to give me a turing test JUST TO BE SURE that I wasn't some sort of robotic automaton.  Because repetition is great for computers! They love it and don't bitch or anything.  But the human mind is designed to get bored and irate the tedium of being a cashier, and when combined with stupid shit you hear 1 million times a day (rough estimate) it sucks.   If you want to be nice to a cashier, make real conversation with them, which can still be small talk.  "Have you tried this product? I have heard it is delicious."  "The store looks busy today, has it been rough?"
1	Well, I'm not going to post all my thoughts on Nidalee, since it would be a really long comment on a thread that's already 15 hours old, but I'll put in a shortened version of it. In my opinion, Nidalee's primary issues stem from her very powerful heal, her high mobility, and the inconsistency of her javelins.   My major changes would involve lowering the base damage and AP ratio of her javelin by a fair margin, but significantly increasing the missile speed to make them more consistent. I want Nidalee to be able to rain spears from afar during a siege, but I want to see consistent, reliable damage as opposed to an occasional brutal hit. I agree with you that her heal needs a pretty big drop on the ratio. I'd like to see some of that AP ratio moved to the attack speed bonus, though. It would place a larger emphasis on the offensive nature of her heal and reinforce her role as a strong siege champion. As to Nidalee's mobility, I think that it's too reliable in any situation. She can escape all but the stickiest champions (Lee Sin, Kassadin, etc.) even if she's just running straight down a lane. I would increase the cooldown on Pounce significantly; at least double what it is now. To compensate, I would increase the movement speed bonus on her passive and make Pounce dash farther to incentivize sneaky paths across walls and through the jungle rather than directly away from her opposition.   This comment still ended up a lot longer than I intended, but that's the general idea of where I think Nidalee's problems lie and how I would fix them, given the chance. I also would like to make some smaller changes to her Cougar form to put a little power back into AD Nidalee, but that's a little out of the central topic here.
0	I dislike when reddit upvotes clearly wrong TIL's just cause they want to believe and it happens more often than you think.   Blatantly misinforming all of reddit and it kinda ruin's the point of a TIL.
1	Some math on the new flask:   Old Flask cost  225g  and was worth:     2 health pots and 1.2 mana pots for an immediate value of  112g , meaning it takes  1  refill (after the 6th used charge) for it to break even and start making profit.     New Flask costs  345g  and is worth:     2.4 health pots and 1.8 mana pots for an immediate value of  147g , meaning that it takes  2  refills (after the 8th used charge) for it to break even and start making profit.     Other fun facts:     You can still start Flask and a ward, but then you can only afford one more pot.     The actual health regen granted by new flask is the same as the old flask (which is also the same as a health pot) which is 10 health/sec, but the mana regen was increased to 5 mana/sec from 4 mana/sec (both of which are less than the mana regen given from a mana pot which is ~6.7 mana/sec)     Edit : If you factor in the resale value, assuming the new flask will resell for more than 90g (the resale value of old flask) then it would only take 1 refill for the new flask to be worth its price. (old flask still needs 1 refill to be worth it even when factoring in resale value)
1	So I agree with you to a point, but I also think that you're making a somewhat unfair comparison.   First of all, like you I really really hate champion tier lists, and think you ought to play whoever you like.  I hate fotms discovered by high ELO players.   However, strategy-wise, I think you're comparing things in a skewed manner.  As far as builds go, builds on solomid etc. are simply outlines.  Any good player will  adapt  to the current game.  I'm not well versed in SC2, but I'm familiar with SC:BW, and so I will say this:  Builds posted on solomid made by top players are more equivalent to build openers made by top players in SC.  For example.  Westrice opens Akali with AD and AP runes in order to allow himself to spend his initial gold on boots for maneuverability and pots for sustainability all while having a good offense right off the bat while he builds his "core items."  Similarly, Jaedong will open with 9 pool speed in order to keep sufficient pressure on his opponent while he creates the tech necessary for the "core" of his midgame army.   Based on this info alone, you have  no idea  what Westrice will build after his "core" and you have no idea what tech tree Jaedong will build because they  adapt  to their opponents builds.  There is no set build.  Of course openings can change and be experimented with, but I'm talking general trends in the community.  People follow Westrice's build because it's proven to at least be stable, just like people still 9pool or overpool:  they're tried and true by higher tier players.
1	When they revealed Victory Elise I went on a crazy motivated winning spree from Bronze 4 - Silver 2 then just riding the train I hit promos and lost. No big deal just gotta win one more time and....so it began, I lost 12 series to silver 1. Of course I can see the gold borders and whatnots and I expected it, can't get to gold if I can't beat golds :). Then a plat border showed up....somethings fishy. I checked LoLnexus and its really fucking high golds like Gold 1. I just wanted Gold 5 at the very least. 30+ LP doesn't matter in series, if I had faced silvers can't say its a guaranteed win but it sure as hell would've been easier to just win.
1	I believe what Doublelift is saying is that in a vacuum, a lot of ad carries are bad because they do not have escapes. Champs like draven/varus/ashe are only good when you have to team for them. If you don't have a team built around them, they really do suck, because champs like olaf, renekton, j4, akali, hec all have ways of easily killing them because they don't have escapes. CLG needs doublelift to carry them and it is really hard to win with those champs if their whole team is gunning for you. Sure you can build warmog/randuins, but that means you sacrifice a whole ton of damage to build those items. If enemy team has a carry that didn't build 2 defensive item but 1 defensive and one offensive, that ad carry is going to have a lot more damage output over a course of team fight and eventually you are going to lose because sure you beat their olaf one on one but their adc, with help of his team peeling for him, just killed 4 of your team. What do next? Building two defensive item only works when you have other people acting as the carry role such as rapidstar in frost, maknoon in sword, regi in tsm, or froggen in eg.
0	Because it's essentially not possible to field a national candidate without a strong local base throughout the country, and well before you reached the level required for the presidency you'd have started to pick up governorships, state Senate or house seats, and for that matter federal congressional seats. A party that has none of these is almost certain to also not have a plurality of the popular vote. You are simply never going to see a libertarian or green or any other third party President until you start seeing a whole bunch of local, state, and congressional winners from that party.
1	Right, they're called Vayne and Kog'maw. I thought I acknowledged this already.   Actually Draven, Jinx (in minigun), Tristana, Kog'maw, Vayne, Graves, Twitch and even Lucien (unless you get an assist early in the fight) will do more DPS than Varus and until you get an assist/kill almost every ADC will out damage you. With your 6% mpen, a champion with 3500hp and 150mr will take 217 extra damage on his abilities at max rank/stacks of blight. In most real game scenarios you wont be popping your blight with your ult and a lot of the time you wont be activating a max blight stack with your E either, as you need the slow on them as soon as they're in range. Do you realize how insignificant this is? That is significantly less than Lucien's passive. The extra damage on a single headshot from Caitlyn rivals this. The passive damage bonus on attack is also very irrelevant unless on squishies in the early game. You also cannot afford to channel Q mid team fight, so that 217 damage is about all your going to get from his abilities. Varus's Passive is a much bigger damage increase than his blight, but unless your team is really ahead and it goes off almost instantly, his damage is very low.   Botrk was built before its multiple nerfs and his E base damage nerf, to make him a strong dueler early game. Botrk into IE these days will make him useless, as he will no longer be able to duel because of what I've said above (along with there being more strong dueling ADs in the game now) and once again it ignores his niche and strongest attribute - poke.   Also I don't think you have an understanding of how teamfights go in the current meta. Damage output is most definitely not the answer to these tanks until you are at 3-4 items. In the early-mid game tanks can almost solo the backline regardless of builds/picks. What the most important attribute by far for ADCs until the late game is mobility. You cannot simply rely on attack move kiting (unless you are Draven/Sivir), as tanks will run over you - even with your support to peel. If you try this with a pick like Varus in the current meta, a Shyvana will solo you before you get them to 80%. This is not hyperbole. Watch any competitive game where the ADC isn't massively fed or the opposing toplaner is massively behind and every teamfight in the early-mid game isn't which back line can kill which front line faster but rather which front line can kill or completely zone which back line faster.   You also seem to have a misunderstanding on what the most common picks are and why they are picked. Sivir, Caitlyn and (then a touch behind) Lucien are undoubtedly the strongest picks in this meta and are picked/banned 90% of the time. Draven and Jinx are the second tier and are occasionally picked. Vayne and Ezreal would be the third picks and are sometimes seen and everything else is basically unplayed.   Sivir is the best ADC in competitive play because of her ultimate. It allows her teams' tanks to completely steamroll the opposing team, while giving her back line the mobility against tanks that even Ezreal is jealous of. She also has incredible wave clear, decent poke, is great against pick comps/assassins and her ult also doubles as one of the best disengage tools in the game. Caitlyn is the other popular pick because of her laning, waveclear, safety and incredible siege/turret pushing capabilities while also having the range and mobility to escape tanks in the early mid game - attributes that scale incredibly well with items and allow her to deal with tanks exceptionally well into the late game (she also counters Sivir in lane). Lucien is the third pick because of his versatility (he's a strong laner, can duel, wave clear, turret push and siege very well) and extreme strength in the midgame. With the exception of Vayne and Draven he is the only ADC that can somewhat threaten tanks early. Jinx is a situational pick. She's an incredible turret pusher and sieger and can fill certain teamcomps well, but her teamfight is extremely hit or miss until late game. Without pretty early passive procs she cannot deal with tanks without items and can be completely run over. Draven can't wave clear, siege or turret push well and is weak vs assassins/pick comps unless very fed (low range and no hard escape) but he's a monstrous laner and can deal with tanks diving him better than anyone except Vayne as his DPS is absurd, even without items and his mobility is perfectly suited to kiting tanks (not assassins). Also if he isn't dying a single kill can completely snowball a game.   Professionals aren't somehow missing the solution to tanks. A Kog'maw doesn't have the mobility to kill a tank before they kill him until he has four damage items - a liability no team is able to overcome and Varus simply doesn't have the DPS to begin with (let alone the mobility). Vayne does have the kit to deal with them at 2-3 items but her weakness in lane, turret pushing, siege and wave clear is usually too much for her to be picked often (though she still is every now and then).
1	Downvoting the thread because no
1	For starters, you're an asshole. Then, ODEE is simply the manager of a major LoL team in the NA scene, and is seriously needing help. If that's not LoL related, I don't know what it.
1	I got shit on yesterday by my own Warwick jungle for going 4/0/14 on Leona support (while still taking as much damage as everyone else in the game) for a game we lost.  The game was lost because "support KS" and "mid Ezreal".  When I pointed out that I stole two of our three dragons from the enemy team (mid Ezreal got the third), two of my kills were me literally dueling somebody and winning (in the case of the first dragon steal, it was me killing the enemy jungler and then last-hitting dragon) and one of the remaining two (the one that generated salt, and my kill spree) was an Eclipse proc, he told me I procced Eclipse just to KS.  I pointed out that our team had 38 deaths (37 from enemy team + our top Nunu getting executed to red buff somehow) and that Vayne playing like a melee champ and dying 14 times probably contributed to the loss, the WW told me it was because we had "no wards", and then corrected me to say "where it mattered".  (Warwick warded 8 times in a 42 minute game.  Got 6 items at 36 or so minutes, never upgraded trinket.)   I only participate in the support circlejerk in jest (sort of like vvvortic "stuck in taco bell" comments), but it exists for real for a lot of people because in low elo, support is  still  trashed constantly, people back ping if you try to proc Targon stacks after a roam, will literally stop in the middle of lane,  in the middle of a fight  to type a salt post if you "ks", and will blame you if there isn't enough vision on the map when there are only three greens and a pink on the map, even though you, as the support, have (surprise, surprise) three greens and one pink on the map.  Just like I know someone in real life, also low elo, who constantly blames his team for feeding and taking "my mid", in literal vvvortic fashion, but deadpan.
0	This explains so much.  I saw mother's day reminders in the UK on vacation, got back to the states and called my mom to apologies for not getting her anything for mother's day.  She basically thought I was going crazy or had the worst case of jet lag ever.
0	It's not necessarily a lazy journalist at fault.  I know one journalist whose assigned beat is to cruise the web and see what interesting stuff sites like this are talking about.  She hates it (she didn't get into the job to become a content aggregator; she wants to report on actual news, dammit), but that's what a lot of "news" organizations apparently want, nowadays.   I'd imagine it's substantially cheaper to have a reporter look at Reddit than it is to send a reporter out of the office to actually, you know,  do journalism  or anything.
1	To prove that I love explaining Talon here is wall of text I wrote as a PM to another dude.   Now i'm ready to start talking about Talon. Buckle up.   All right first thing's first Runes and Masteries: For runes I have 2 rune pages, but I mostly use the first one it's the safest. It's AD Reds, AD Quints, MR Blues, Armor Yellows.   You can swap the MR blues for MR per level. And you can swap the yellows for even more flat AD. The second rune page is exactly that.   Masteries I run 21 9 0 Standard, so nothing to talk about.   Then we go about playstyle. The first 4 levels for Talon are pretty rough. He has very lacking kill pressure. His W only tickles and going in is not going to result in a good trade most of the time. Of course there are exceptions to the rule. Like you saw the Xerath just use his E and you are in range. Going in will not kill him but apply a lot of pressure.   And you need that pressure, because your goal is either kill or force your opponent back at level 6. If they have inferior sustain than you. Most likely you can kill them even with 2 Ws warm up.   Now, of course some lanes are harder than others. Orianna can be pretty tough, Syndra can juggle your balls, etc etc. That doesn't mean Talon is bad. He can roam much better than all those AP carries and he SHOULD roam. His Burst while lower than Zed's is pretty much instant and WILL kill or burn flashes on most if not all champions. Exceptions here are Braum stopping your shit. Soraka ulting and healing, you know the regular shit that annoys assassins.   Item wise Talon needs 2 items to get going. Tiamat and Mobi boots. Everything else is luxury. Though I like going Brut into LW afterwards. After those two. Upgrading the Tiamat, IE and Trinity are all possible choices. And of course going for Youmuu or BC are both viable choices.   Still I can't express enough how important Tiamat to Talon is. You'll find that a lot of the times the tiamat proc is JUST the ammount needed to kill a target. And also it makes wave clearing a breeze. You can stop the W animation with Tiamat, similarly how you do it on Renekthon. Not AS useful but still a neat trick.   Going into lane most of the time you are going to get Flask. In the small amount of matchups where you are favored(TF, Yasuo). You are going to get Long Sword.   Now lets talk about match ups in more detail. Talon doesn't have many people that can stand up to him in lane, and those that can aren't very frequently played. Now you might be thinking. How can a laner with such a bad levels 1-4 be without people being able to stand up to him in lane. It's simple, he can just farm from far away, and when he gets Six he has more burst than they can handle.   Don't be afraid to use your ult just to harrass, killing an opponent isn't nessesary. Just forcing him under turret so that you can roam or make him miss cs is very useful. Your ult has a short cd so don't be too stingy....   But on the other hand, as good rule of thumb is to NEVER fight without your ult. It's 30% of your burst, and considering your burst is a bit on  the lower side compared to other Assassins(Fizz, Akali, Zed). Those 30% are most of the time the thing that doesn't kill them. Now you can of course get obscenely fed, but you mustn't think that this will happen every game.   I think that's all I can think of for now. Give me 5 more minutes and I can talk twice as much about him. HE IS my favorite dude. I probably has 3 times as much written in previous comments. Though some of them are probably outdated.   If you have anything else, ask away. And I got carried away.
0	Politicians aren't "in charge" of the economy.  Closest you get is the Fed Chair, and they do actually know a thing or two about economics.
0	Who said spike lee is keeping the money that would otherwise go to big companies? If he gets a share I find this to be quite reasonable.. If i give a craftsmen money to make me a table... I expect him to keep it..
1	Well I don't think Bruisers got better items now...   Because there aren't many options for MR that you can take,   Spirit Visage isn't doesn't benefit many champions   and otherwise you can get Guardian Angel and Runic Bulwark on every top champ   but that's about it.   There are some top laners that can get Wits End or something like that but not all of them benefit from it   And you can pretty much get very good items for AP too...   For example the new Haunting Guise ( after upgrading it )   Is pretty much an anti bruiser item   and if you add all the magic penetration you can get from other items you pretty much kill anything that wants to get past you...
0	Female orgasms are known in extreme cases to have a "reset" or "blanking" effect on the cerebrum which can temporarily cause mild anterograde amnesia. Last I heard (I stopped studying this sort of thing a decade ago), the exact mechanism was not fully understood, but it likely inhibits the brain's emotional context, which is also an important faculty for being sensitive to your audience when communicating.
0	I was waiting tables on an April 1st. Had a group come in to celebrate a pregnancy. They brought a cake that would tell the baby's gender by the color of the cake, revealed when cutting it. The expectant mom was not yet aware of the impending child's sex. She cuts the cake to reveal pink, joyously exclaiming, "I was really really hoping for a baby girl!" That was quickly followed by hubby and  family yelling, "April Fool's!" The hormonal pregnant lady did not find the humor in this. That was an awkward check to drop.
1	Please look completely at the example in comparison to all of the others.  It is the only one where there is no quantification to which form of "non-resident" they are referring to (every other time the phrase is used it specifies "exempt" or "non-exempt").  In order for this example to not contradict other examples given, it must read as "Team is starting three residents, two EXEMPT non-residents".  If it doesn't read that way then it is in contradiction with other examples.  None of the examples are perfect for this or the TSM situation.  That being said, there are two listed that specifically end with the team make up you propose (2 Exempt non-residents, 2 residents and 1 non-exempt non-resident) listed under the impermissible roster changes.  The only difference here is that you wish to imply the order a player is added to the team will make some sort of difference when the entire purpose of the rule deals with the final makeup of the roster.  The Example list was just that...examples and it's not a complete list.
1	she's an all-in melee in a poke oriented game: it's likely she won't reach level 3 until the enemy lane has already taken her tower and gone on a mad killing spree. Ali has much more reliable CC plus a spammable heal, whereas Leona is single target until 6 and just self-damage-reduction.
1	Well the difference with League as an E-sport and basketball as a physical IRL sport is that in most sports, you don't snowball, if you're winning it doesn't give you an advantage except that you get a little more breathing room, if you make 1 or 2 mistakes you might still win (ex, in b-ball, you're winning like 32-28 after the 2nd quarter, even if you make 1 mistake and they score, it'll still be like 32-30) theres no major "snowballing" aspect.   On the other hand, in b-ball, if you're behind 28-32 but skillwise the 2 teams are equal, you're not at any disadvantage really, sure you have to score 2 more goals to catch up, but apart from that, you're still perfectly even.   The difference with league is that you DO snowball, if you're down like 32-28, then the enemy team is stronger than you right now, even if skill-wise you're matched. They'll have more gold than you, and possibly more levels on you, so you'll be further behind, it'll be harder to catchup here than it would be in a b-ball game (ur cs would be less than theirs too,, since you'll be same skilled, but you've died more, so tower has taken more cs probably. Also, I ignored the mental aspect cuz thats hard to really analyze, and its present in both sports.)   Now if you're ahead 32-28, then you can afford to maybe play a bit more aggresively, you have the lead, you have an edge on them, you'll have maybe 1-2 more items, and 1-2 more levels on them. If someone gets caught out, even by 1 other person, they're likely dead, if not, they'll have to base, and you can push the lane to the tower. Because you managed to get ahead, you WILL be more likely to win (remember same skilled on both sides)
0	I was swimming like a boss when a girl cut in front of me from another ,supposedly, faster lane and slowly started swimming breaststroke . I finally had some space to go my own pace in the right lane for me and was pissed that now I had to wait or switch lanes.   Now I'm normally a pretty chill guy but when exercising, adrenalin gets the better of me. I thought, fuck I'm just going to start swimming and whatever happens, happens (normally you can feel the wake of someone else and at the worst hit their feet or hands).   This time however due to my my angry pumped up front stroking pace and her glacial pace this didn't happen.   As I sped forward hand outstretched I met her legs as the were just pulling in for another leg kick. My hand slid upwards between her tighs and, well, yeah...   At this time I go into full panic mode and pass her swimming the.fastest.weismuller.aint.got.shit.on.me.pace ever.   As I'm breathing heavily, after another olympic 50m, at the shallow end, I'm seriously wondering if I'm going to be arrested, let a lone if I'm ever going to be welcome in this pool again.
0	I met some scumbags in the Navy 2003-2007. My room mate in the barracks would cheat on his super attractive, really sweet girlfriend that was madly in love with him. He refused to wear condoms with all the girls he slept with, eventually got an std, and he put the icing on the cake when he told me he went down on a chick, felt a string, pulled out a bloody tampon and kept giving her oral. It made me so mad that I myself turned into a scumbag and decided that I should start cumming in his body wash. I'd do it once a week for several weeks and he never noticed. I told his ex about the body wash after she found out he had cheated on her with so many chicks. She was very happy!
0	This is incorrect. A fair price is a price that a consumer is willing to pay. If you were to compare prices to a big box store like Best Buy or HHGregg, the prices would usually be higher. You are essentially paying for the convenience of getting the product quickly and the overhead of storing and transporting said products. Amazon, however, usually has lower prices due to many different reasons: decreased overhead, increased volume of products sold.     Getting the difference refunded is not a service and is more related to customer relations. Depending on the amount, it can be petty. 5-8 dollars is usually, for me anyway, not worth it. In this situation, OP bought a TV and the price was lowered $120. That, in my opinion, is worth the hassle of contacting amazon. (Note this information was not included in the original meme)
0	I live with 6 other people, 4 men (1 of them is my partner), 2 women, and a cat. Until I started at my course I would clean everything (crazy cleaning buz ftw) until the female flatmates used me always cleaning while I was at home to have a go at our flatties.   I really, wholeheartedly didn't care about cleaning up after 2 guys with jobs and 2 guys at full-time courses, but the girls constantly whined about the guys not doing it, and made out like they had to do all the work. One sat in her room collecting mouldy dishes for weeks, the other did dishes twice a week and used it as an excuse to say she wasn't going to clean again for the rest of the month.   If you're home all day, and have absolutely nothing to do, why would you not be doing something useful? I also never understood the idea of complaining about doing it, especially if you actually had nothing productive to do that day.
1	I'll go ahead and leak what i know about her lore. Half of this is speculation the other half is true but will not be included in her official lore. The beginning is mostly speculation but everything after Demacia is certain.   They probably betrayed her by killing her master with some sort of wind technique and then making it look like she did it. Meanwhile noxians killed her family and she was stuck guarding an evil well power source thing and couldn't assist them. So she goes against her now dead masters teachings and opens an evil box thing which makes her hate balance and embrace the sun. However she soon learns that the moon is an equally as strong if not stronger source of power after she comes across a bad ass weapon in a hidden cave or something. Then after leading the team that created blitzcrank she comes accross a man getting his ass kicked by a group of men and attempts to help him. However she ends up turning him into a werewolf. Now being hunted by warwick and rengar she flees to demacia but was given no quarter and goes to bilgewater instead. Resisting the charm of miss fortune she starts her quest to find her missing father Du Couteau the former leader of noxian who vanished mysteriously. She makes the mistake of trusting twisted fate who sells her out to thresh in exchange for lucians wifes soul. Arriving at the shadow isles she meets a dude who really loves his shovel and attempts to bury her. Distracted by his passion for his shovel and digging he digs too deep and out pops skarner who is pissed because magic is causing trees to come to life and ruin his 3v3 game... This causes skarner to rage quit after feeding  and spamming all chat begging for reports. Kalista who is now on tilt becomes  feuled by rage and cuts her way to the Freljor where she becomes the new troll king. Just wanting to relax she makes her way to the bar and gets smashed with gragas and jax. Gragas will not stop belly dancing and jax keeps cracking the same joke "imagine if i had a real cup" followed by the same pick up line "who wants a piece of the champ". Somehow this works and she ends up sleeping with jax. Turns out jax was actually leblanc pretending to be ahri dressed up as jax using charm.  Anyway she gets all preggers and decides she really just wants to be a baker. 9 months and much burnt poro snax later.... Teemo is born but immediately killed by phreak while making kalistas champion spotlight. The spotlight cuts to Hecriam getting beat. Tons of damage. Shaco appears out of no where laughing at teemos death followed by twitch appearing next to shaco demanding a sandwich. Kalista agrees to get the sandwitch but lets them know if the tables were turned she would show no mercy. Before she can even take 2 steps Rammus flash taunts over the wall and says the word that will change kalista forever "Okay...." This was followed by a surprise party thrown by fiddlesticks who gets a triple kill. Double jungle op!! She starts to blame her top lane cho'gath for all the terrible things that have happened even though none of it was his fault. She begs him leaves top lane and team fight claiming that if he just grouped they could end. Unfortunately for her it turned out to not even be cho'gath... it was the god damn loch ness monster who replied by asking for tree fiddy. Shaco and twitch went afk while taric stood at fountain letting everyone know that this game was truly truly outrageous. Kalista felt alone and abandoned by her team and watched helplessly as Master yi used his amazing point and click mechanics to finish off the base. Mister Yi 2 shot the nexus but not before saying "xpece" and "easy noobers rekt"... The whole game Neither their top Nasus or the loch ness monster left top lane and rumor has it they are still there afk farming waiting for three fiddy.  Kalista lost her promo to get out of bronze 4 that day for the tenth time but learned a valuable lesson. A lesson that helped her climb all the way to bronze 2. That's the day she learned "you can't milk these without first making the ticking stop or setting the world on fire because rock solid."
1	Realistically, you should get another job and work on casting/E-sports on the side.  If you are indeed on your own, then E-Sports will not pay the bills right off the bat.  Many of the people who are able to play a role in E-Sports have long gaming backgrounds and have been involved in multiple games.  There have been competitions to find amateur casters that you should be participating in.   Realistically, you will not find instant success that will pay your bills and rent no matter how much reddit sympathizes with your circumstances in life.  If you're serious about this, then you better get some income while trying to chase this dream.  You work at this 40 hours a week and you work another job 40 hours a week.  That's right, that's 80 hours of work a week.  If you're really serious and really passionate about trying to succeed you will need at  least  that much.   I look at Travis from SotL and he does not impress me at all.  I used to watch some SotLs, but he would make his show notes in the beginning of the show.  If you want me to take a show seriously, then it should be somewhat professional.  It should not be something you're typing up 5 minutes before you start.
0	You see, you seem keen to stick to the only thing that you have any ground with. I've moved past my comment. I've acknowledged that my statement was over exaggerated and I've said my mea culpas. Obviously, you have nothing else to contribute to the topic because you seem adamant to stick to the  ONE  thing you got right. You also got something wrong, yet you don't see me blasting you across the internet and back because you made an exaggerated statement. I am no longer defending my statement that  most  Americans use firearms to defend their homes, yet you seem to think i am. However, in contrary to your statement,  most  Americans that own guns claim that their purpose is for crime prevention. It doesn't matter if you think that statistics are faulty or not, until you collect the data yourself, the statistics are what they are and that's what we're going by.
0	Occasionally.  It's not very common but it does happen.  I had a conversation with a girl on reddit where we discussed how women tend to thank women more fore holding the door open for them, while men are the exact opposite.  The debate centered around the idea of social expectations, where when someone of the opposite sex can be viewed as holding a different connotation then when done by someone of the same sex.  It is an interesting phenomenon that would be interesting to study.
1	What I relaly hate about this is that it doesn't take into account trolls/afk etc games. I was getting 17-25lp a win in silver 2, now in silver 1 I get 3 lp. I have bounced between 20-30 points as I usually win 1 or 2 and lose 1.
0	This will definitely get buried, but it's story time:   At the time, no, I was not afraid of any records , I just didn't want to end up in the hospital.   After I put him in the hospital? I was a bit freaked out.  I had no idea if what I had done was defensible.   He broke my nose off of a paper towel dispenser in the bathroom and I fucking lost it. Seeing red doesn't remotely describe the sensation, but since my face was essentially a blood faucet while I used every bit of strength and willpower in me to eradicate this little shit from the planet, I saw mostly red. Everywhere.   I broke his nose off the sink in retaliation, shattered two of his ribs, and apparently beat his kidneys into the human version of mashed potatoes. once he was down I kicked him in all his sensitive parts until he passed out, then continued until I passed out. I can only imagine the look on my teacher's face when he found that mess...   Blood. Everywhere. I saw pictures afterwards and it looked like we reenacted that scene from Carrie.   So I woke up in the hospital with my face restructured and bandaged, with a couple of the administration asking me what happened. I told them he smashed my face off the towel dispenser and I lost it, he (a known bully who had been caught many times before) tried to say that I lashed out at him for no reason (as a kid who did nothing out of line, that didn't stick at all).   Of course they didn't buy his shit for any minutia of a moment and he got transferred to the problem child school. I felt bad for all of two seconds before I remembered the bandage on my face, then the hate returned.   Fun ending to that story, when I was a junior in high school I was still an avid church-goer, and he actually turned up with a group from another church who were visiting. When he realized who I was, he came and apologized and asked for my forgiveness...   Really awe-inspiring to be a part of that exchange four-or-so years later. We actually become decent friends that last year of churchiness and stayed so throughout college. After he graduated we kinda split, but he was doing really well the last I heard. Got himself a degree and a good job, a few tight friends and a really nice apartment.
0	I may have just been lucky, but when I was a TA I knew of a number of professors who would help out a student in some way who would come to them with their problem in a respectful way on their own. An example of this was an upper level archaeological theory course. The material was dense, and the exam even denser. Sit and write for an hour. I had another exam immediately following across campus. While she let people stay late to finish I was unable too. I only answered 3 of the 5 questions. Poorly too, I thought.   I went to her office and explained to her the situation the next day. I ended up with a 90% of the exam. It was a small class. Maybe 12 people. I received the highest grade on that exam. I was a bit embarrassed.   Similarly, I remember grading papers with another TA and the professor of one of those massive 100 level intro to cultural anthropology courses.  If the student had good attendance or had come and seen her in her office hours your 89.5 would become and A, but if not your 59.5 would stay an F.
1	I think he is not talking about how viable Taric is at solo top. Its more about the fact that everyone knows so much about League of Legends and can tell him that Taric at top is shit. They will keep on doing that until Hotshot for example starts playing Taric at solo top.Then they start to play Taric at top and fail and everything. I think thats what he meant about close minded and arrogant people.   The community is annoying me aswell in the last time. In nearly every game is the same type of idiot that is crying 24/7. If he is going to win he will say:"easy noobs". If he is losing his mid,pushing and getting ganked 24/7 without buying wards he is going to say:"report my jungler that is never ganking or lol you are so bad you need always help from your jungler" and so on.   There are so many people in this game who are really thinking they are better than everyone else,have to tell everyone how they suck and their build is wrong and they are obviously only losing because other people do the mistakes.   I really like playing League of Legends because it everytime something different but I really dont know why this community is so annoying. I dont wanna say everyone acts like that but there are more dumb people than in every other game i played.
1	I have this, really, really, really bad idea, that wont work.   I'd say, you have one shot to make it right, one shot to make them change their minds, if not completely, at least give you some abatement.   You are going to give a presentation to your parents. Not just any presentation, but the best presentation they have ever seen.   You need some base information about your parents, their hobbies, work, tendencies.   Approach your parents by saying, you want to make things clear for one final time and ask them if they could have in them to give you a chance to make your case.   You will need to make them promise, that they will not interrupt you at any point, that they would listen through the presentation fully, and then say their arguments ("questions"). Ofc they still will interrupt you, since they are your parents but you can then say along the lines "please sir/mam, you promised to hear me out first". Always be polite but strict.   Now, how to do the presentation and in what order to input data. It should go something like this.     You make a short but clear statement of the situation you as a family are, just flat out truth, with no statements about how you feel. Only facts.     You bring out the things you think your parents are worried, you dont state them as truths, but as "it seems to me that you want me to xx" Here you thank them for the concern, and you are happy that you have parents that care enough to set limits (true or not).     Here you try to make your hobby more understandable for them, comparing it to  their hobbies tendencies and such. There might be stuff coming out like "its not the same" here you just say, "please let me finish first."     Here you make a point about how this is how you socialize, and how you can understand of them not understanding it, but that you have real live friends through this and this is your shared hobby. Point out, that you are not the kind of guy who goes out to socialize that much.  You can also show here a straight up timetable, with exact times on how you plan on using your time between your hobby, friends and school.     This is when you show your cards. You say truthfully how their  actions make you feel (constricted, caged, not letting do own mistakes?), say that you understand they have the best of intentions.       Close with saying, that you dont expect them to just drop all restrictions, but if you could find a middleway that suits both and all that you ask is for them to at least think about it, saying you are ready to take more responsibility of your actions.   For the presentation, you need to rehearse it really really well. Memorize everything u want to say, put it on paper first.   Dont sound whiny, try to sound solid and responsible. Make bulletin points, charts and everything. Use a lot of time.   You probably need to do all this with papers and stand unless you have projector or something alike.   For the presentation Dress to your best suit, i mean it. It sounds silly and at first will be, but as you calmly address your case, it gives more serious feel. Also make the presentation in a room THEY feel comfortable to be in, preferably not your own room.   Try to keep it in 15 mins length max. If it goes a bit over, its not the end of the world, but it starts to be hard to focus on listening as it drags on.   As i said, its a really really stupid idea that wont work, doesnt mean you shouldnt try though.
1	I don't care what is said but currently the whole team is in a FUCKED state.   Chasing the Cup ep. 2 just highlighted everything that is wrong with the team and when they are left to fend for themselves with players of different personalities, nationalities (languages) and commitments to the team.   there is no 1 hive mind, there is no one voice from a COACH that they respect and listen to.  they are continually unprepared and infight and act like immature kids.   [Chasing the Cup ep. 2](     2.30 - Aphro: asks if anyone has a problem with anyone.  Well that couldn't be any more unprofessional but ok he is trying to clear the air.....WHAT!?!?!?!?    2.33 - DL has issue with everyone because he is wasting time scrimming with team (because they don't even prepare w/ picks bans)... WHAT?!?!?!?!?!?!?   2.45 - DL: "you guys" (referring to Dexter/Link) used over and over again.  HE was 6-0 but team was losing their tier 2.  and feels they don't play enough yoloQ.... WHAT!?!?!?!?!?!   3.55 - L1nk:  "I think YOU are misplaying really really really hard and don't know what to do"... "Missing cocoons all the time" (toward Dexter)  this is childish and w/ hearthstone open just bad.  L2COMMUNICATE   4.25 - Dexter: "nope no problems duoing more"... (real sincere)   4.35 - L1nk: "it isn't fun cuz Dexter rages at me"   4.41 - Dexter: "well that is because I try hard and you throw all the time"... "so now i don't care and just play soloq, cuz win/lose ill be solo"..... what the F attitude is that, purposefully cutting yourself off from the team by only wanting to play solo, instead of trying to remedy problems   5.03 - DL: "well thats not good" ""YOU GUYS" need to fix this"".... again with the attitude of YOU GUYS.  No you are team captain, HELP THEM   5.35 - DL: " i shouldn't be telling everyone what to play".... probably right since your OP/UP judgement is severely off, but you are the "captain".... admits title captain means nothing   5.48 - L1nk: "If I was captain i would tell everyone what to do".... you can still provide input but you don't need to be so smug about it   5.53 - Aphro:  mockingly  "ok all in favor of L1nk being captain, raise your hands"........ I know there is frustration, but THAT IS NOT HELPING     Ok, first of all this shit is happening with no authority figure, kelby or anyone present and they are all just jerking off at their PC's, looking at twitter, hearthstone or other reddit type shit..................ALARM BELLS ARE GOING OFF.     End Scene     12.55 - Kelby:  mockingly  poking fun at dexter, before their LCS match... Sooooo that is how they get ready?  jesus     13.40 - Dexter: asks Seraph if he is nervous, which seems like a nice question to check in on your teammate... Dexter gets ZERO response from him except a joke from Kelby............ REAL   14.05 - Dexter: "If we get mundo just farm 30 minutes and we win"..... (P.S. they got mundo, and still lost) but why say "if we get" dont they have a pick/ban plan already going into the game.  so you could obviously GET him if you wanted as long as not banned.   End Scene     17.25 - Dexter: "Maybe Eve is op or something, I don't know". "I cant do anything at all"     17.55 - DL: (arguing with Dexter) "YOU GUYS"... again, distancing himself from the issue and making it about them.     18.50 - DL: "our game plan going into this game was "shit on their botlane""........ seems like that is every game plan, and a huge reason why things need to change.     18.50 - 19.25:  just watch this segment out of all segments.  the communication is so dreadful that it is the entire crux of every issue we the community see with the team and why there needs to be a 1 voice force... Dexter the jungler seemingly unsure what he was supposed to do based on previous discussion prior to game start that others feel was communicated, except that he asks the question to them during the review which was worded differently, imho because his english is not perfect and so the way he asked the question it made it seem like he wasn't sure HOW TO PLAY HIS POSITION... to which DL responds by sounding like an asshole by saying "its your role i shouldn't have to tell you where to start"     when this came out, i was a bit disappointed at the earlier scenes but understood by their age, lack of coach/authority and living situation and different  group of players languages etc...   but honestly the section of 18.50-19.25 was WAAAAAYYYYY WORSE FOR ME, as a fan of the team.  The inability to express in game issues and lack of concrete strategy and lack of communication of a strategy and misinterpretation of questions when trying to reivew and dickishness instead of helpfulness just made me feel sad inside and worry for their future.   I really hope that this team figures out their issues and works to get over them.  I love CLG and i want them to succeed i just hope this is stuff that people can help them fix because it looked really really really bad.
1	He's gone from 17 years old to 19 years old since then.  Of course he's changed a lot.   What if Dyrus likes himself better than he did when we first knew him?  What if this is how he copes with everyone wanting to know if he wiped his ass today?  Should Dyrus then change back because some people do not like what he's become?  The answer is no, because Dyrus will never make every one of his fans happy.  Dyrus should do what every adult in the world eventually figures out:  act and live in a manner that makes himself happy without treading upon the happiness of others.
0	Think of it this way.   A woman portrays herself as masculine (man-like)- she's viewed as normal.   A man portrays himself as feminine (woman-like)- he's viewed as a freak for wanting to exchange his manliness for femininity.   There's a whole subtext of how (American, at least) society loves to bifurcate into black and white situations. There's always the most obvious ones- conservative/liberal, male/female, dark/light, etc. But what many people don't consciously realize is that we also take to this to a deeper level with our categorizations of things as either "normal", or "other". Normal obviously applies to things that we encounter and rely on as the standard in every day life, while "other" applies to everything else. Oftentimes, "the other" can be viewed as foreign or exotic, or even dangerous due to the unknown. The other is also oftentimes subjugated due to its non-baseline status.   But getting back to the point, we tend to view masculinity as normal, and femininity as "the other", which is really well exemplified by OPs experience. When a woman makes herself more like the normal, "good" thing (that being basic, everyday masculinity. Examples such as "what about formalwear?" don't really apply as much because even for a man, formalwear in a casual context is odd.), she goes unnoticed, or even praised. But when a man diverges towards "the other", it is viewed as a threat towards normalcy.   This is a super simplified example, and there are plenty of counterarguments circulating about the various perceived vs. actual "worths" of different gender-associated roles in society, the strict definitions of gender roles, etc. etc. It's a whole tangled, convoluted issue thats difficult to even begin to address. But nonetheless, I guess I spewed out that huge chunk of text up there to try to explain why (even though people like to argue otherwise) this in itself is a feminist issue. And even beyond trying to question and possibly change "normalcy", this is also entirely a men's issue as well, where the feminist goal is to also give that degree of freedom of gender expression without it being looked down on.   I'm sure that was terribly disjointed stream of consciousness and blah blah but I'm feeling too lazy to reread and edit.
1	IGN: GottaPoopSoon
1	Something I noticed is that lots of people are saying it looks cluttered. Yeah, a bit, but here's what I'm thinking. The current client only takes up like 75% of your screen. Maybe just rework it so that it is maximized window size? This way it looks better and stuff is less cluttered. thanks for reading
0	I think if we had any sort of food culture in this country, it wouldnt even be an issue. Very few people abroad are vegans, because they learn how to ear properly (lots of fruits and veggies, little meat), and their food is healthy (not processed, not as many sweets, no GMO foods, properly raised meat).
1	Yet you pick the TEEMO flair. Tbh, Teemo was my favorite champion when I first started. If you don't follow anything on League of Legends you'll soon realize he is probably the cutest hated thing in League.   On the side of the actual topic; www.reddit.com/r/SummonerSchool is definitely something to check out. Also watching League streamers you may pick up an idea of what is what.   I would say that once you get comfortable with how League feels(Seeing as you're a Dota2 veteran it should come pretty naturally or very quick to you) stick to 1 role whether it be  top, mid, adc(now called marksman..), support or jungle .   The roles depend on your playstyle.   Top is usually the place where tanky champions are used with some exceptions such as Riven or Tryndamere(Just 2 examples of champions who go top who aren't tanky/build tanky). I'd suggest watching some top laner streams like; Dyrus and Boxbox(Flosd), Boxbox only plays Riven top. Dyrus would be the more current-meta picks.   Mid is usually where either  assassins  or  mages  go. These build  Ability Power  which, in the name, makes their  Abilities  stronger. There are some exceptions such as the champion called  Zed  who you would build  Attack Damage  on. Some champions abilities scale differently, like Zed, they scale with attack damage instead of ability power.   ADC(or Marksman) are very squishy champions but can deal out a lot of sustained damage, they are all reliant on Attack Damage. With the exception of a couple who also deal out a fair amount of Magic Damage but you still build Attack Damage on them. If you're not familiar with what squishy means (I have never played Dota 2 so I don't know what terms you use) it just means that they can be killed very easily as they do not have much defensive stats such as; Armor and Magic Resist. Squishy also falls under a lot of  Mid  champions too.   Supports are what help  peel (Keep people off of the ADC so that the ADC can deal the most damage without the threat of dying) for the ADC. They are there with them in the bot lane. Supports generally do not deal much damage but their kit helps them to catch people out, let's take the champion  Thresh  as an example, Thresh's Q ability called  Death Sentence  will throw a chain and if it hits the enemy it will  bind  them(You can drag them towards you twice and they cannot move out of it) and if you activate it again you are able to fly over towards the enemy champion and then use your E ability which is called  Flay , this will push the enemy in a direction depending where your mouse is, if your mouse is closer to the bottom of your screen it will pull them towards the bottom of your screen. These type of champions kits are designed to help out the  team  with locking down enemies, peeling and being there to to basically keep their team safe.   I also agree with /u/xlarukux with practicing CS'ing. I'll try go a little more into detail on it as there's a bit of information that can be quite important.   CS'ing(Creep Score, killing the minions in lane/jungle, but we'll stick with the lane minions).   1 Kill = 300 gold. So if your enemy laner kills you for their  first kill , you will only need roughly 18 CS above of them to still be  even  in lane and they will  not  be ahead of you for them killing you.   If you then give them a 2nd kill. Their 2nd kill will then be worth 360 gold. You will need roughly 38 CS above of them to still be even.   This is why CS'ing is so important, even if you're not getting kills and you're being killed. If you have a CS advantage you will not have to worry too much about giving up a kill. However, if you do have a CS advantage, you will have a gold advantage over them. Therefore with your gold advantage you will be able to buy a few items before them, which in return means it will be harder for them to kill you in the first place. Essentially you will be able to kill them with ease if you have a great CS lead.   I hope this isn't too
0	Actually, unless there are particular and unique circumstances, staying under the doorframe in a house is not an ideal place to be when an earthquake hits. Ideally, you want to hide/duck underneath a sturdy object, oftentimes a table or similar structure. Do not attempt to hide next to a bed praying for the "triangle of life" either.
1	I smurf sometimes specifically to learn from better players. If you choose to be matched in 'expert' queue when you start a new account and win the first few games you actually face hard opponents. After you get to about 10 wins 0 loss you can get matched with people on gold or higher smurfs. I think I was about 20wins 5 losses or something and I got put against this 4 man premade plat team. :O. So sometimes if I wanna learn by being matched way out of my league I make smurfs to be matched with better people.
0	Holy shit people. It's just a fucking meme that's supposed to make you laugh or smile a little.  Parenting can be hard work. You have good days and bad days.  Like everything else on the planet, it's not always a grand ol' time and can be overwhelming now and then.  Everybody has those mornings where you say  "Ugh, I really don't wanna go to work today"  or days where you and the SO need a day away from each other. For those that are saying  "Shouldn't have had kids/WTF you suck as a parent"  do you tell yourself the same type of shit on those days? Do you go  "Fuck, I'm a shit employee/Should never have gotten mixed up with my SO" ? Get over yourselves. Parenting has amazing days and some shitty days. My experience is that the amazing ones greatly outnumber the shitty ones, but they do happen.
0	Been in the air force for a year amd sooo trueee. The military promotes the benefits of getting married soo young. If you get married as a junior enlisted you get to live off base with your spouse, you arent subject to room inspections, you can use traffic as an exuse to be late and the pay. The damn pay. My frienda who are married get triple my pay becuase of base allowance for housing and food.  So many people are 19 and married to their high school sweethearts. Ive been with my girlfriend long distancd for a year and a half now and its so hard to turn down those benefits and get to live with her even though I know it would be horrible for future me to make a commitment so early.
1	On a serious note. Unless you can reproduce it at a decent rate (like, at least 30% of the time) it's difficult to find the root. I play a reasonable amount of Thresh and rarely run into it. The only time I recall it doing it was when a snare was done at the same time, could have been coincidence though.
1	I was laning against a Talon, and at one point during a gank he used his rake from the bush. The little flash of light at the beginning of rake somehow glitched in the bush, and from then on there was a flashing light in one of my river bushes and all of his rakes were pretty much invisible.
0	As someone who worked for blockbuster right up until our stores closed if have to say you are wrong. At least for canada, the decline had nothing to do with any late fees and, in my opinion as a renter and employee, the late fees were pretty reasonable. $1.95 if it was two weeks late, cost of the movie if it was more then 30 days late, that's less then out local library charges. What really made blockbuster stop operating is that the "no more late fees" promotion lead to popular new releases being out of stock all the time, which drove regulars away (and the people who only came time to time got super frustrated) leading to less and less transactions. Next came the era of on demand and torrents. Internet speeds became readily available for cheaper and I know a lot of my tech savvy friends started to torrent movies. The other big this was our cable providers started offering movie rentals that came out the same day as blockbuster for basically the same price on ppv. At this point we could barely schedule managers because our transactions were so low per week. So blockbuster added a cheaper rental option if you returned movies earlier but would charge you late fees if it was late (at this point the no more late fees option existed if you told them you wanted a week, was really stupid and confusing no one understood it).  It was supposed to help get movies in stock and lower our costs to compete, but mostly it just pissed people off because it confused them. This was about the time netflix started getting decent movies. Now people had three different ways to get movies without ever leaving home (not counting video games where you could rent them), and blockbuster confused them and rarely had new movies in stock. Our weekly transactions continued to get smaller and smaller until "slow" stores started to close, and then all stores did so BBV could regain some money to pay off debts owed by it's parent corporation (canada BBV was a child company of BBV is us) and the rest is history.
1	From a competitive person, yes.   In-game:  Rank usually determines the chances of success between fights of similar level, i.e. if a gold and a silver on one team 2v2 a silver and a silver on the enemy team, I'd expect the gold and the silver to get more out of it 60-70% of the time.   On the other hand when I play jungle, if I know that my mid laner is 2-3 divisions behind the enemy, I either camp that lane to death or just make the judgment that I can't save mid and focus another lane. ex. I had a diamond V lane against a level 20 and I avoided midlane like the plague   out of game  I take advice hands from anyone who is higher rank than me, no questions asked. Around 70% of all my friends are boosted to gold so I treat them like low silvers, and proceed to tell them every game not to facecheck the bushes.
0	Don't worry, SRS flagged the comment so they came stomping in everyones shit including yours.  The truth hurts and they are upset about (e.g. hollywood and male stars vs female stars).   Young female stars kick ass at youth and males are dime dozen and no one gives a fuck (disposable gender).  And the table turns on the genders  IF  you jump through the fucking hoops.  That's true with genders in real life as well.  Women in younger ages have more sex partners on average and date more frequently etc. (while only a few men get the spoils).   They are more in demand just by being young and by their sex and SRS and rad feminists won't  EVER  admit there is a privilege for women.  They argue it's a curse because men look and stares at them, etc (some truth, no doubt but that's the pros and cons of life wouldn't you know).  But the tide turns in the dating game,  especially  when the women who solely depend on their looks don't develop other areas (e.g., education, skills, etc.) where as men more often do because of the gender role to be the provider.   So yes, you do have hope and fuck off the haters that are going to blast just cause they are fucking ideologues and not realists.
1	One thing I've not seen is the option of Augment Gravity giving 200 mana, 10% CDR, 5 mana/5, and a 30% increase to cast range on Gravity Field. Yes your Death Ray does less damage but having better CDR, better pick potential and quicker spells makes up for it IMO.
1	Soraka is still viable as Support and to me this was no nerf. If u start with Fearie Charm u still have endless mana if ur AD Carry isnt kinda retard and u gotta get ur W on CD all the time. Still ur AD Cary has endless Mana to harass the other team.
1	might as well go into how fast a macro can spit out it's list (and how many commands it can hold), the distance the electrons travel from your keyboard to your computer, how fast the cpu can processes the input, how fast it can send the signals, how good your internet connection is, how many routers it goes through, etc etc.
1	I've mained kayle ever since the Liandry's build became popular on her and it amuses me how much people QQ about how OP she is now, when she's pretty much lost a ton of power compared to a year ago (and back then I didn't see half the QQ about Kayle that I do now) ...  Here's a short list of changes that affected her (positive and negative) that I can think off the top of my head:     During the Warmogs meta, the Liandry build run by Najin's mid-laner brought her to popularity. Despite being strong, she was rarely played after her re-work until Liandry became popular on her. Nerfing Liandry seemed to kill off her popularity, though I continued to play her.   Around the same time Nidalee/Kayle both lost their MR per lvl stats, and I think in that same patch the mini-dfg on her Q was also removed.    The cast range on her ult was drastically reduced.     Now after all these changes I still thought Kayle was insanely good, but she was never a highly contested pick/ban despite being the best counter to the popular assassin meta at the time. IMO she was THE best pick vs. zed/ahri/lb/syndra etc. and I rarely ever saw it used in SQ or competitive for that matter.     Gragas Nerf. This is where I feel that she got really strong as Gragas was the best counter to Kayle.     Lichbane/Q nerfs along with buffs to her ult costing 0 mana, and adding an AP ratio for her MS buff. The change to her ult gave Kayle a massive boost in power. She was mainly mana starved (~700 MP at lvl 6, ult cost 100MP) but I haven't had any mana issues on her after this change. I also think adding the AP ratio on the MS of her heal was unnecessary. Many people think the ult is too much of a 'get-out-of-jail-free-card' but insane MS trumps the ult imo.     Athene's nerf since Kayle never builds it.
1	Humans want the liberty to do w/e they want, if it's not available, its more desired. Thats the reason why guys are put in the friendzone, being available all the time takes the interest away.
1	If you can play one champ at a 2k elo you can learn more from playing 5 champs at a 1.5k elo. You learn much more about the mechanics of the game and how buff control works. Also not everyone that wants high elo wants to compete competitively,  they just prefer a more advanced level of difficulty.
1	The thing is, while CLG certainly were worse than other teams, they are not good at OUTPLAYING their opponents.  You pit any of the other players or lanes 1v1 and they are pretty low.  Chauster and Doublelift is the only great lane they have.  That's why they rely on theorycrafting and outstrategizing.  They need to play to their strengths, and there strength are few and far between.  To a solid standard team, there is no need to rely on such little inequalities.  To a team like CLG they mean everything.  Two major things decide the outcome of a game - teamfights and pressure (lane dominance.)  CLG sucks at teamfighting, plain and simple.  They cant dominate their lanes 1v1.  What does that leave?  They have to play differently, (cheesy) to try apply pressure that way.  Their cheesy strats revolve around the game and its quirks, not their own play.   What I mean to say is, CLG is so focused on the ins and outs of the game, rather than their own play, that is what is different about them. There is no dispute they were not the better team, and it was entirely their fault not preparing for all contingencies.  But it IS a valid excuse, especially if you read Chauster's AMA and see that he put so much (borderline obssessive) attention to the advantage blue side has bot lane.  It's not like he came up with some random excuse about blue/red and decided to run with it.  He's always had a hard-on for this.
1	Yeah, the talk about how every korean is a mechanical god is mostly just a meme based on comparing the best koreans with the best western teams, not the average koreans with average westerns.
1	The past two seasons DIG has had an incredibly weak top-laner and a declining mid-laner and ended up 4th/5th, while even having bouts of good runs due to a solid early game. I don't think its unreasonable that now having top-tier solo laners that they will place in the top 3, especially with TSM looking so weak.   But you are right, DIG is infamous for starting strong and falling off, they have done it pretty much every split. That being said, I am not convinced with Seraph  yet as a good pickup, granted he finally had a good game this weekend.   Unless LMQ learns to play from behind, I think they will continue to have problems. They seems to absolutely follow the chinese meta of heavy agression... people eventually learn to play against this as seen with China's decline on the world scene in the last year+.
1	I get sad seeing most acronyms without capitalisation. I say most, because I am the opposite with some things like
0	Its already happening in developed nations. In a business class of mine we studied the slow decline of birth rates through out the major developed nations. Unfortunately this is happening in the reverse in non-developed countries like those in africa. While we are providing aid medically and otherwise which is great! They are still having the 5 kids that they used to have even though 3 of them are no longer dying from bad/no water, starvation, disease, and whatever else. The people in those countries are also starting to live longer, from the mid 30's now into the 40's+.   In the US we are going to have a huge population drop in the next 30 years or so. in the next 10 - 20 years the medical industry will boom and then after that we will have a lot of out of work doctors with no one to treat.   The baby boomers out number the population by a huge sum, and the youger generation is not having kids (or just not as many remember to maintain your population each couple must have at least 2 children any less and the decline will happen) THis will cause a lot of problems especially with our current system of government.     Population dictates how many and where representatives of the house are placed.     Taxes are paid by people the less people we have the less money our government has to operate on. They can compensate for this by increasing taxes (we see how well thats going over atm) or they can spend less money. (HAHAHAHA it can be done but we'll see) Some economists will argue that the decrease in spending will happen naturally because of the smaller population there for less people to provide for, but i highly doubt that.     Like I said we are gonna have a lot of unemployed doctors there just wont be a need for them anymore will such a large portion of the nation no longer in the "aging" bracket.     There is also the obvious pain and stress that this will put on consumerism. Less people to buy shit mean less companies and what not, but hey we also should have a booming job market.       Less people is great for the planet! But there will definitly be some growing pains through out the world and in some countries with out immigration they may cease to exist (This will not likely be in our life time, but I would speculate with in a few generations).
1	I just start using him in the jungle. First ranked game 10 minutes ago. The whole team had a very weak start, specially top since Lee Sin camped Vlad and Riven tend to snowball.  Atm I was 6, team was 4/10 loosing turrets. So I basically ganked Vlad a few times and hoped for the rest of the team to farm as much as we could, since early Lee Sin game was flawless about ganks and taking my camps. They warded our jungle, so I bought oracles, dewarded our jungle and let my team farm a little more before tfs'.  While my teammates tried to farm under Lee Sin's pressure, I tried to farm myself up as much as I could, shutdowning Riven and finally taking Lee Sin in my jungle to get insta-slained.
0	Yea I can agree with the oversexualisation of the female body.  The idea that it's a possession is also something that riles me.  Too many times in this thread have I read the 'if I went into the ghetto with $1000' analogy.  With that, you can get another $1000, or even you don't have to have $1000.  I will always have my body, and that's the only one I'll ever have.  Sure I can alter it, but it'll always be only mine and that's it.  It isn't a possession I can gift to someone - I can share it or it can be exploited with or without my consent, but that's it.   The second bit... I'm still undecided about this idea.  Sure, we can enforce things like 'boys wear blue and like guns and girls wear pink and like dolls' but I don't think we have enough scientific study to say for certain that all gender is enforced by culture/nurture.  You've heard of [David Reimer] ( ?  The
1	Riot a little but ago kind of officially said that calling roles is not what draft should be based on, it's pick for a reason. If you let one experience ruin an entire game mode for you, you need some thicker skin. There is a lot of toxic people in League and you need to do your best to get around them. This is true at basically every elo, but the lower the elo the more you are going to see it. Draft pick is great, but remember: A lot of people call a role in ranked because that is what they feel comfortable with and letting people play what they know will lead to an overall higher chance to win and better experience. Not to say don't play what you want.
1	She doesn't offer the utility or tankyness that you want from a top laner, so if you are going to pick her, I suggest using her mid.   I play her as an assassin similar to Talon, she is good at getting into the backline and taking down the squishies fast. I consider her quite bursty, but not as much as Talon. You don't want to stand there and auto attack until either you or the enemy dies.   In teamfights, try standing near the sides looking for an opening and if you find one just go ham on the squishiest target you can find, usually the AD, after you've used all your spells run away just before your E fades, this will give you a nice MS boost so you can go wait for cooldowns, but usually your combo should be enough to bring down the AD.   If you can't find an opening just dance around the enemy bruisers, your block, 2 dashes and high MS and lifesteal should allow you to be relatively safe compared to many AP mids.   Your weaknesses are mainly the buggy ultimate which is canceled by a lot of spells(memorize them all) and you don't bring any CC. Also, many people don't like having an AD mid, but with all the armor penetration that has become available in season 3 it's not that much of a problem. Hard CC hurts, so be careful when picking her, and if you do pick her against hard CC, know when to go in and when to stay back, she's like the old Katarina in that way.   Also, I really like Botrk on her, and I don't think Hydra is worth the money.
1	It's so annoying when people complain. LoL is a free game. No ifs, ands, or buts about it. I don't care how much money you've spent on the game. Spending money was your choice. LoL is a free badass game; be grateful.
0	i thought i was the only one who thought this!   although now as a quasi-grown up, I will facetime/skype with nieces and watch younger kids talk on these devices. During the best calls, the kids are doing whatever it is they're doing around the house. With a video call going on in the background. They can be called over or have teh iphone brought to them to smile and wave - WHICH IS THE PROPER WAY FOR A 5 Y/O TO COMMUNICATE REMOTELY. I felt it was awkward to communicate with distant relatives over the phone because I felt I had to communicate like grown-ups - all words (children communicate so much non-verbal) and constantly speaking (don't let the conversation die "... ....     um... ok my mom wants to talk to you")
0	You're putting it too simplistic.  She's a successful best-selling author of children's books and has a child with a disability.  That's what parent's see and she caused just enough doubt caused parents to double-think vaccinating their children.  Coupled with the new-parent fears and then watching their toddler get pricked with 6 shots at one time they give her even more validity.
0	I remember my dad's delight in my love of Star Wars. I had the stomach flu and was couch ridden the day they came out with the trilogy as a VHS set. He asked me if he could watch the first movie on our one TV and I didn't mind since I was drifting in and out of sleep. I ended up watching all 3 with him that day, and making him pause each time I went to puke my brains out. It made being sick kind of a fun experience. I am thankful for all of the good stuff my dad showed me, especially this and his taste in music.
1	From what I've seen, Fiora requires damn near perfect play to do well.  She's an all or nothing champ (she wins or she feeds).  Without CC or Tankiness she cannot lose her lane and remain useful, however a fed Fiora does a godly amount of damage.   Fiora's skill cap is so high that even the pros don't want anything to do with her.  One mistake can essentially break your game.
0	Well, of course.  The percentage of people who say misogynist things because they absolutely hate all women is probably pretty low.  However, that doesn't make it either logical or ethical to pre-judge people that way.  By challenging the unthinking stereotypes, you can get people to pull their heads out of their asses and look at the world from a different point of view.  And by letting them go unchallenged, some people will become actually misogynist over time.  Why?  Because our view of the world is shaped according to the 'reality' we see all day.  If that's just TV, reddit, and going to school/work all day, and if stupid stereotypes about women are a big part of that, then that ends up being 'reality' for a few people.  Some of us have motivation to want to share the other side of the story :)
0	First, sorry about your grandma.   Now, understand that your grandma was past the age where she would have been bearing children. Therefore, it mattered little to the earth whether she lived or died. Her potential impact was that of one person.   If (and it's a  big  if) you want to control population by killing people off, you want to do so to people  before  they reach child bearing age. That is, children and teens. By doing so, you eliminate not just them from the earth but all those they would have brought onto the earth.
0	Okay, small story: I bought my live-in girlfriend a keyboard for her birthday (September), and she wanted to know how to play "Jingle Bells" by the time that we had our Christmas party. Come the time of the Christmas party, one of our friends hops on the keyboard and starts playing obviously experienced piano stuff. Once my girlfriend says "Oh, I want to play 'Jingle Bells'" our piano playing friend said "like this?" and started playing a very complicated and experienced version of it (the one my gf was going to play was pretty basic). My gf didn't end up playing the song and it hurt her feelings that all of that happened. So yeah, don't do stuff like that or what OP is talking about.
1	oh man! I so would love to see a Zac support!!! on the enemy side. nope, I completely disagree with Zac support.   Being a support character, you need to have utility kits that require no gold to be efficient. for zac, the only kit he has is the slow from his Q, perhaps some slow from his ult, some cc from his E, yeah it would be awesome if it's all "mana cost"   but, bot lane with a tanky support, trades happen a lot, and with zac's kits, you're always spending your health when poking and trading, that leaves you extremely vulnerable since you might be going into a trade with 2/3 or even 1/2 of your maximum health.   zac needs a lot and a lot of health as well as resistance, and as a support you won't be able to itemize like that. the only health you will get would from ruby sightstone, one or two kindle gem, and you might get aegis for armor, but they are just not enough for zac.
1	its okay, I just read the
1	Caitlyn has a good late game, agreed. All ADCs shine in late however. Compared with other ADCs she's still good yet not "very good" in late.   MATH  The headshot deals +50% of your AD every 8th attack. That's ~6% per attack on average. We talk about late - let's make it a full build with BT,IE,PD,LW. You got IE,PD so you got 55% crit chance for 250% damage. So w/o headshot you deal 100% + (0,55*150)% = 182.5% of your AD per attack on average. With headshot it's 188.5%. Thus the total damage per attack is increased by (6/1.825)% ~ 3.3%.   That's your late game damage increase with headshot: 3.3%.  Of course you could optimize it by readying it before engaging / using brush. At best it would be 6.6% (if used from brush only).   Now let's see about the more common AS steroids so many champs have. Your late game build sports +70% AS anyway (boots + PD) while level 18 grants another 68% for Cait. That's 0.625*(1+0.7+0.68)~1.5 attacks per second. To increase the AS (and thus the total damage) by 3.3% you'd need (1.5/100)*3.3~0.05 increase in attacks per second. That equals an AS buff of 0.05/0.625=0.08 = 8%.   So basically you get the same damage increase with an 8% AS steroid.  Any usual AS steroid has more than 8% on level 1 even. Count headshot twice and it's still nowhere near the other ADCs steroids. It's mostly good on lane (pre crit build) and deteriorates from there.   Her Q & R on the other hand suffer a lot from long cast animations  - that's a huge drawback for ability usage especially in late game. Your DPS with AAs will be WAY higher in late than your abilities' DPS due to those animations. The ult is really good for it's  range  but you won't use it in a fight for the damage. If you do you'll be forced to use it pre fight to not waste time. That's not exactly spectacular however compared to other ADC ults in late game.
1	Max rank Q does 170-340 base damage plus 0.7/1.4 bonus AD ratio and costs 90 mana on an 8 second cooldown.   Max rank E does 65 base damage plus 1.15 total AD ratio and costs 60 mana on an 8 second cooldown.   Both skills apply Denting Blows.   65+Total AD scaling can give more damage in the long run, yes. The scaling is just better overall.   Emphasis on "long run". It can give more damage late game, but being a jungler, you want to prioritize skills that do more damage early game for the ganks.   E is a melee AA modifier and costs 60 mana per charge. So you use 120 mana for 2 hits. Also, the base damage difference between Vi's rank 1 E and rank 5 is only 60 damage. It's just not worth investing points into it early.   Let's say you go in for a gank and hit your Q while maxing E. Your Q does low damage, your enemy instantly flashes or uses an escape and you may be able to get off one E on them. Since it's still laning phase if you just got a gank off, you don't have much in the way of items and your E damage is low despite maxing it.   On the other hand, hitting Q at max charge is always a great amount of damage during laning phase, regardless of your items. If you hit that max charge, the knockback on it guarantees that you'll be able to hit at least one E and one more AA after that, thus proccing Vi's W passive for a percentage of their health.   When comparing it to Q, you lose so much more utility by maxing E first and there is no "guaranteed" damage.  Early Q ranks have a really long cooldown, so you won't be buzzing around the jungle so much and trying to avoid ward spots with Q means that you'll have to wait around for 12+ seconds for the gank.
1	That doesn't matter when he spends his time insulting people instead of their playing skills.     Saying what's on your mind isn't good for the company image. You don't get to dictate whether or not you speak your mind when you work for someone unless they say you can. ESPN removes people from their networks for saying inappropriate things.     He wants us to flame so the drama continues. He is toxic, and wants the toxicity to continue.
1	The two different champion bundles cost about $40 in RP combined and give a fairly wide selection. Throw in another $20 for the rune page bundle to get flexibility in runes. By the time you level to 30, you'll have the IP to buy a few generic sets of T3 runes that will fit most champs, plus fill the gaps in your selection if you find you really like a new champion.   You can be perfectly competetive without owning  every  champion. Just 2-3 in each role will give you the flexibility to tailor your pick to your team's needs. By the time you understand the game deeply enough to take advantage of the complete champion set when counterpicking, you'll have been playing so long that you can buy the rest with IP.
0	because in order for a conversation to happen, you need two people.   some people don't want to do any of that, they just want to watch the world burn.   you're not trying to understand every single psycho, why not?
1	And she would've got away with it, too! If not for you meddling kids!   In all seriousness, there were many many threads on this leading up to and following Yasuo's release. Here is a summary of actual 100% revealed  facts  that we have been given:   Yasuo uses wind techniques. This leads to him being accused.   Yasuo was stationed to guard the elder, but left in his eagerness to join the battle. No living person, at least none who will admit it,  actually witnessed the murder .   The elder was killed by a wind technique with "three precise strikes," I believe the wording was. This is reminiscent of the technique that Yasuo was the first in generations to master. All the signs that are available to follow do point to him.   There are currently 3 champions who directly interact with wind, unless I'm forgetting someone: Yasuo, Riven, and Janna. Janna's the popular joke. Yasuo was exiled because he was accused for it. Riven was formerly Noxian military. This makes her a prime suspect for us.   However, another fact we have been presented is specifically  we do not actually know who did it . Until when/if they openly reveal it,  that's the entire point . It's exactly like the Vi/Jinx thing. They  do  both have sisters, this is explicitly stated. What isn't stated is  that they are sisters .
0	Cartman gets pissed at this dude named Scott, because he sold him pubes and Cartman found out buying pubes is stupid or something like that. So Cartman challenges Scott to a chili making competition. They eat each other's chili, and Scott's laughing because he put pubes in his chili, and Cartman just ate his pubes. Then Cartman explains how he killed Scott's parents, cooked them into chili, and fed them to Scott.
0	I was in traffic. A car buzzed by me on the shoulder, nearly taking my mirror off. I vigilantly looked to see if any other vehicles followed suit. I saw a truck approaching, so I started driving along half in the shoulder, and half in my lane.   The guy was tailgating me pretty hard, so I came to a complete stop and waited. And waited. And then resumed. This guy was inches from me. I verified his distance by throwing it in reverse to see the view from my rear view camera. Inches.   Then, he escalated things. He started to get out of his vehicle, and had some sort of object in his hand. I took off, as a sizable gap had opened in front of me while I was stopped. He got back in his truck and caught up. Traffic stopped again, and he got out again. Flow resumed, and he started driving with his door open so that he could hop out once traffic stopped again.   I had my pistol in my lap.   I rang 9-1-1 to report the impending road rage, assault, battery, property damage, and possible act of self defense. As it turns out, while I was on the phone, I noticed that there was a police officer just two cars ahead and a lane over. I started to lay on my horn, and that apparently grabbed the police officer's attention, as he stopped in his lane so that the source of the noise could catch up to him.   He saw the car in the shoulder, which was unable to get back into the lane of traffic, so the he threw on his lights and pulled the guy over. I pulled over, too, as did another fellow that saw the entire ordeal go down.   Assault charges, among others.
1	What good comes out of them giving you an update? If it gets delayed all you are going to do is bitch at them. If they hype it up you're going to bitch at them for not doing this or doing that. And if you don't bitch at them somebody else will. I'm pretty sure you noticed lately riot doesn't give any heads up to anything until it is almost done, aka at most several weeks in advanced. Riot has slowly learned from the past that telling people way too early do nothing but create disappointment and backlash (remember magma chamber?). So I don't blame them for not saying anything.   With that being said, I personally think it will be a feature that riot has dropped or maybe put on hiatus indefinitely. I say that cuz it's not that important of a feature. Sure you see it being brought up on reddit but the reddit player base is pretty much tiny compared to the entire league player base and I'm pretty sure they did polls and found that not enough people cared enough for it. Most of us just wants to play the damn game and they're probably working on other things to improve the player experience (I actually visited their hq and saw some pretty cool projects that go towards this goal that isn't just skins or champions). Plus there are 3rd party tools to let you do replays already.
1	I honestly don't give too much of a damn about Rekkles, I think he's a great player and all. My point is that everybody can just shrug off Doublelift's trash with, "Oh, it's just normal doublelift" and when anyone else tries to trash there is a huge uproar about it.
0	Its difficult to not feel superior given that America literally feeds every other country and that they would all die without us.]( While the rest of the world starves, we have so much plenty that our biggest problem is overeating. [Take a look at the Olympic medal count, take a look at which country made your computer, which country won the most Nobel prizes, which country has the most top 10 universities, which country saved the world in WWII]( list goes on and on.   [America is exceptional, its the country that is by far the apex of civilization.]( We are so much better than the rest of the world that its just insane, it really makes us appear like God chose us to be this beacon of light that the rest of the world strives to be like. That's why they all eat our McDonalds, wear our jeans, listen to our music, watch our movies and sports, buy our Apple devices and hate on America on the Internet we created and allowed them to use.   America is the greatest country in the world because it has the highest GDP, the most powerful army of all time, dominated the Olympics, science, technology and has the most millionaires. America will be remembered 2000 years from now as a modern Rome that took humanity to the next stage by opening up the space above us, we will be the first to land of Mars after we were the first to land on the moon and we will be the first to create a colony on another planet. When we won WWII, we were given the reigns to this planet and we have since then created the most peaceful and prosperous 50 years in the history of the world. [The rest of the world hates us because of our greatness and how we make them feel inferior by towering over them.](   America has achieved more in the last 100 years than the rest of the world combined and has advanced humanity more than any other civilization. The sheer power, influence, dominance and advancement is staggering. [It makes us feel so powerful, its like you have the biggest dick in the world]( and the rest of the world is jealous of you swinging it.   [This country bleeds greatness through and through and its alright to feel blessed to be one of the people lucky enough to be born in the greatest country of all time.]( Your dick now feels huge.
0	I don't know if this has been mentioned before me but I disagree with OP. I believe schooling should be challenging and demanding, not hard. My reasoning behind this is the fact that I went to school up until university in Kuwait, where school is incredibly "hard", but the fact was it wasn't challenging, you just had a shit ton of work to do (13-14 subjects a semester) but in most of these subjects you really learned little that was of use, or relevant. Schooling was hard because it went for quantity over quality, exams went for trick questions and memorization instead of analysis and critical thinking, and most importantly you had a hard time dealing with the teachers because most of them went exactly by what is in the book, even if it was not the best method. That is why I believe that schooling should be demanding without being hard, and it in many ways would be more effective that way.
1	You really shouldn't put so much importance into glib internet one-upsmanship   Lol. Just...lol.   Okay, I'll explain. What I've so far said: You're whining, also you seem to really force yourself to sound clever. This is pretty much the only thing I've said.   You however seem to think that I've said: I don't understand the clever joke you made! I'm trying to be superior to you! I am a typical anonymous Reddit malcontent who is infuriated by your scathing criticism of Riot. I'm attempting to discredit and belittle you because you don't share my viewpoint. I'm smug, full of shit and crippled by feelings of inferiority, thus I am forced to mock my betters on Reddit.   Again, I said: Wow. You really, really like to whine.   I agree that the Vandal Vladimir model is too small. I never said anything to the contrary. Strike out the "U SUCKS FOR NOT AGREEINGS WITH ME".   Your joke was trite and unfunny. Combined with all of the whiny comments you made earlier made it look like even more whine. I mean, c'mon. You're spending real money on a product and you don't even examine it before you buy it? There are countless skin spotlights available on youtube dude, c'mon.   Sure, maybe you didn't realize how small the model is, even with the videos. Creating a post on Reddit to raise awareness of this is fine. However, you decided to add comments where you acted like a spoiled child. That's what triggered my comment.
0	Zactly.  Reminds me of a story.   Back when my buddies and I had to fire up LAN parties for good multiplayer, some poor souls would show up with their entire system shared and unsecured. I thought it was hysterical to change their browser start page to shitlovers.com, a poo fetish site that autoloaded a really graphic clip in full-screen (lots of saran wrap, moaning guys in pantyhose, and chicken curry). A few victims asked wtf was wrong with me. How is it not pants-wetting funny that somewhere, some guy was paying $20/month to fap to squirtypoo? See, THOSE people are the ones who think it's cool to get pregnant in high school.
0	As someone who has had several jobs cleaning malls and other public washrooms I can tell you the most common place for guys to piss on the seat is right in the front, it's from the last drops you shake off mostly.. That's why most public toilet seats are U shaped so the piss doesn't stain the seat.   This means your smacking your tallywhacker on the most piss covered part of the toilet seat. And lots of times people piss on them and then just wipe it off so there's still piss residue all over it, and it can build up for days between cleanings.
1	I fully agree with what Lysflath1 said, take the game into your own hands! If your teammates die in bottom, don't sit there in mid saying "wow this bot lane is bad", instead, roam down there, kill them and give the advantage back to your team. If you identify the problems of your team but do not act on them, then you are hurting the situation just as much.   I can give you can example, yesterday I was in a game with my friend and I was playing jungle darius. Right off the bat at the 3 min mark the enemy team got a double kill in bot, and top died shortly after. This continued for the next 3-4 min and the enemy team was extremely far ahead, what did I do? I ganked lanes, got my friend fed, and did my best to cushion the other two lanes. So what happened? Well our team tried to surrender at 20 and failed, we proceeded to ace the enemy team and take an inhib. 3 min later we had won, the 3 randoms on our team couldn't believe it!  I didn't play all that well either, I finished the game 8/5/9 which is not all that great, but what I did do was keep our team together and not raging. A team of 4 ok players with a strong leader will always beat a team of 5 good randoms each acting by them selves.
1	Uh, it's never okay to play hard-to-get with girls. Don't text them back immediately, but don't be a douchebag and make them wait two days.   NO YOU DON'T. DO NOT TREAT ANY GIRL YOU ARE INTERESTED IN LIKE THIS. The number of times my girlfriends have been seriously interested in a guy only for him to turn around and do this and utterly ruin their interests is great.   Women like to know that their interests is returned, just like men do. Be prompt, but not creepily so (don't reply back to every text the second you get it, wait ten/fifteen minutes or up to an hour or base it off of how quickly she's replying).   Just, facepalm. Facepalm so hard. Why do people still think this was a thing? I would automatically drop any guy who tried to do this to me and by would I mean have in the past because lolwut.
1	Few things. First off; adults do act like that, unfortunately. In far larger numbers than they should. Not everyone grows out of immaturity and even the more mature people can snap if they're having a bad day and then someone acts like an ass on their stress relief of choice.   Second; yes, Irelia was out of line. However, werecat was employed as, if I remember correctly, player support. That job is basically public relations. What werecat did was equivalent to a secretary telling everyone that walked into an office to go fuck themselves the second they step in. And considering werecat abused his power towards Irelia, Irelia has taken the punishment needed and then some via emotional distress, considering he thought he'd just lost a large amount of time and IRL money invested into an account. Hell, in the sake of PR I'd have given the irelia player 2k free riot points.
0	For the past 6 years I lived in the biggest city in my state, in the heart of the Bible belt. And it was incredibly hard to find a church. I kept going to ones that people would recommend, most of them large churches well known for great mission trips and community service. However, the larger and "better" the church was, regardless of denomination, the worse it was, it seemed. Those places had the most hypocritical Christians and I feel like people treated me like a lower class citizen because I didn't have money and couldn't wear nice clothes to church. Not to knock all large churches, but these in particular I just couldn't take.   So I kept visiting, and eventually by mistake found a church on the smaller side where people greeted me and were genuinely nice and remembered me the next week. I loved it, and was glad to go there until I moved. Everyone is saying to keep looking, which you should, but also don't feel bad if it takes you a really long time to find one. Because eventually you will, and while faith =/= church, it is nice to have a church to go to and find other believers to be around.
1	That one has proven hard to fix though. It happens so randomly that it's been impossible for Riot to pinpoint what causes the bug with the "does no damage and ministuns Fizz" thing. Which in turn makes it so that the bug cannot be fixed, alas the bug has stayed for a long time.   Only way Riot could really figure it out is take parts of Fizz's E out (like the untargetability, the movement etc.) at a time and do a massive amounts of tests to figure out what part causes it. Since it happens so rarely, it would take a massive amount of time and effort to just possibly find it out.
1	Plat 3 here, i'd say no, but you need a plan. Having a tank is having a frontline, and having a frontline is cool for zoning peel and positionning, so basicly for taking/defending objectives. It's easy to play around a tank, not having one can make game harder to read. But it's doable.   Yesterday had a game where i had the last pick support. We had rengar jungle, riven top, fizz mid. They had garen, amumu, ahri, jinx and thresh. We last picked sivir and soraka and we wrecked them. We had no tanks yes, bit we avoided every fight where a tank was needed, and only took quick squirmishes where we could get in get out quickly. I made talisman and glory, to get super fast engages and disengages.   Without gameplan, our comp would have been wrecked. But playing full mobility assassins made mumu thresh garen pointless, they couldn't peel enough against such mobility, and my soraka silenced escapes and healed from the backline....
1	Perhaps it is abuse but dragon is worth less gold than a tower early game and it becomes fairly simple to tank past the 15 minute mark and obviously, much more likely to be contested by the other team, in which case there would be no time for fancy tricks just trying to burn it down in time for the smite war, or turnaround for a teamfight. Not sure if we're talking about the same game where an early 3 man dragon was taken due to this technique, but in that it case wasn't worth for that team, because 3 members were committed to dragon for some time, the opposing team simply 3 man pushed down the toplane tower which was worth more gold, and also granted map control and lane pressure.
1	Not in S3 jungle. Now jungler have 3 ways to play.   1.  Farm all day and be barely useful in mid game but get flamed and reported by team for no ganks.   2.  Try to gank as much as he can and realize hes 2 levels and 1k gold behind enemies and get flamed and reported by team for being useless cause with new support items supports ward bot and bush below mid lane, top wards for himself and mid plays on bottom side of his lane (that warded side). Thanks to that everyone is safe and everything is warded -there is no way to successfully gank unless enemy is retarded.   3. Buy pink wards and force enemy to play defensive (that means no opportunity to gank) and fall further behind because junglers have really hard time getting gold and cant afford wards.  OR  ask support to buy pink wards and get flamed for demanding something and then get flamed for unsuccessful ganks.
1	ahah yeah we arent looking for like an Xpecial type of player, we are looking for typically people around our ranks, bronze and silver who know their stuff but are just stuck in a lower league. lol but to finish so this isn't
1	No "unplayable" problems. I use the windows client at my dad's house and mac client at my mom's house (mom's internet is a little worse, but there's seven people at dad's, so they're pretty even in terms of connection).   Loading times are easily 2-3x longer than on windows client, and there's still the couple second freeze upon death. My record was 7 seconds frozen on sion; I missed my whole passive :(   edit: I was reminded of the time I loaded in ten minutes late to my own custom game.
1	First and foremost, I do not mean to sound condescending. However, I simply do not believe you when you imply that you are playing above your current ELO and that your teammates are bringing you down. If, for example, you are wrecking top and your Karthus is getting humbled mid then why should it not fall on you to roam mid and gank to push Karthus a long a bit more? Yes, he will probably not be carrying the game, however your assistance in his lane will pull him a little farther away from the 'OMGOMGULOSTTHEGAMEUSUCKSCUMBAG' category. And, if you're not doing your part in taking pressure off of his lane by making the enemy jungler stay near top, thus making mid less susceptible to ganks or you're not roaming enough to help him get some kills then are you REALLY playing as well as you think?
0	My brother and his wife swear by AT&T TV/internet. I visited them once when they had it, and true to their word, both their TV/DVR and internet service was awesome with lots of instant/on demand service. I was thinking about getting it once I moved out of the parents' house, but I realized it may just have been their one area that was really great (Miami). Don't know if there is a way to check service quality.   The funny part is that they dropped it when they moved and didn't subscribe at their new place because they were saving money for a new business. Once they started breaking even, they got AT&T again, but after a couple of months, they dropped it again because they realized they weren't watching it anymore. Got Netflix/Hulu+/Amazon Prime instead.
0	While there is some variation in how durable clothes are made, I wouldn't say it scales well to cost.   Calvin Kline was selling black t-shirts for $100, but I doubt they lasted 20 longer than a basic $5 hanes black t-shirt.   My Hugo Boss button downs run about $100-120 a pop, but they don't really last 3 times as long as the basic structure button downs I buy. Hell one of the button downs I've had that lasted the longest is a $5 walmart deal. And the button down my mom got from me in Italy had a button break within a year.   Nicer clothes are also more likely to be dry clean only, which is just a PITA. I have dry cleaning service that picks up in my building but I still refuse to dry clean stuff I wear regularly. If I can't wash it at 2am by myself than it's just not for me.   Really if you want to impress the majority of people just dress well and wear clothes that aren't very old (this will keep them from being faded and help keep them in style). You've got to be around really style minded people before they start assessing if you've got quality buttons and the right kind of collar style for the season.
1	DO NOT be afraid of his windwall if you are laning vs yasuo, it has a fairly long cooldown comparing to other abilities such as ziggs' or leblanc's q. Try baiting the windwall out and he is extremely vulnerable next trade. One more thing, if your jungler is ganking enemy yasuo, don't fool yourself of walking to close to him with squishy ap carries as vel'koz or above mentioned duo as he can/will try to attack and kill you due to his inability to escape the gank by just walking back to his turret.    Keep track of his e stacks as it has a huge impact in early/mid trades.   I have the most problems against yasuo when I play Draven, as the axes don't bounce off the wall so beware of that in teamfights. As kiting yasuo, remember not to walk near your minions because he will use them to dash to you. Try taking advantage of yasuo's pushing/overextending and trying to all-in you all the time.
1	looking at the posts from people who regularly judge tribunal cases, i have little hope for this community.   yes, rage is killing the fun for many players. yes, flaming is killing the fun for many players. and most certainly, insulting people is killing the fun for the insulted. however, from my personal experience, people get mad when you give them hints on how to improve their performance. when i say hints i mean things like "careful top lane, lee sin might gank lvl 2" or "please ward top lane" or "mid please go back, you're too low to stay in lane". these kind of hints tend to be followed by "an ally has been slain".   generally speaking, there seems to be a huge difference in skill between those who judge and those who report. those who judge can't seem to understand the problems that come with people not following the most basic principles of (ranked) play and how frustrating it is to play a few games in the evening just to see your progress being stopped by teammates who not only lack knowledge of fundamentals but also yell at you for pointing out their flaws. so while you may have slipped quite explicit language in your hints (i.e. ward the f*ck up), you actually tried to help. still, you are getting reported and punished for verbal abuse? i don't think this is how it's supposed to work.   so no, the system does not work as intended. since you cannot report people for lack of knowledge (unskilled does not count imho), there is no way for you to influence their ranked future. there's no way to overcome frustration that may come up when faced with this kind of teammates.   let me give you a very simple example from a few weeks ago. during a ranked game, i ganked top lane for first blood. our top laner then went on to feed 3 to 4 kills to the enemy top lane and jungle. i told him to ward to prevent him from more ganks in the future and he told me to go 1 on 1 with him. in the end we lost the game. i added him after to explain what his mistakes were (when i say explain, i really mean explain, calmly, patiently but, alas, without positive effect). he challenged me to 1v1 him after. i won 3 times in a row. he kept on flaming. these kind of things happen. they happen frequently and they are as frustrating as getting flamed at for failing.   but please, people of the league, be more sensitive when it comes to punishing summoners. there's rage in the game because there are emotions involved. spending 2-3 hours in the evening after a long day of school/work/university just wanting to have some fun and losing a couple of games in a row due to - at least partly due to - the incapacity of teammates is a terrible experience.   while i understand that ragekids and flamers need to be kept from destroying the fun for many, the system calls for in-depth-analysis of each case.   some redditor said that he punished people whenever they blamed their teammates or whenever he read explicit language directed against a fellow player.  while punishment for this is possible under the summoners' code, this community needs to be more reflective when it comes to fast and harsh decisions.
1	AP are typically split into two categories - burst damage and sustained damage. Although the average AP caster will usually be burst damage (and the exceptions, sustained) both can handle mid lane very well.   The burst damage casters normally have some sort of a stun or CC, and can do an entire rotation and take most if not all of your health bar. Strong examples would be Brand, Annie, Cass, Veigar, LeBlanc. Most of them require waiting for a good opportunity (harassing until you can secure a kill) and dropping everything on your opponent.   The sustained damage casters usually spend their laning harassing repeatedly - trading hits but getting off more damage until their enemy is low, then using one more combo to finish it off. These would be like Anivia, Zilean, Morgana, Kassadin, Orianna. Note that any of them are capable of transitioning to burst casters when fed.   Burst casters will usually go the Doran's Ring build to maximize their AP early on, allowing them to take advantage. Sustained casters will often go Catalyst into RoA, since the constant harass becomes mana intensive and they benefit from the constant mana return. Deathcap is often the second item if you can afford it (for both), Sorc if you're not going Void Staff and typically Merc otherwise, one other offensive item (often Rylai's or WotA) and a defensive item or two.   Your strongest two picks are most likely Brand and Morgana, but they rely heavily on well placed skillshots and good positioning in team fights.   As mid, your responsibility is farming well, winning your lane, and helping side lanes and dragon control. Most of the AP carries have their tricks at farming the lane (ex Brand's pillar on the ranged, then E to follow up - or Morgana's tormented soil @ lvl 3 on the ranged), and when you know you have the advantage in your mid matchup you want to take advantage and prevent your opponent from farming. If you get behind and begin losing your lane, it's important to play defensive and catch up. Stick by your turrets, let them push in, farm, and punish them if they overextend. A fed AP carry early can absolutely wreck your side lanes and wreak havoc on your team for the rest of the game - do not let this happen. Be aware of where ganks are going out, and make good decisions about when to follow your opponent to the sidelane to help out vs pushing in their turret.
0	That's true in some places, but not here in Alberta. Here you go through 4 years of apprenticeship (I'm on my 4th). After that you become a journeyman and your wages pretty much max out unless you get bumped up to foreman.   1st years start off at about $20 and change, 2nd is around $24, 3rd is $28ish and 4th is $33ish.
1	Probably not 1A. Riot wanted to shift warding into a team effort so increasing the number of wards placed for one person is a step backwards.   1B and 1C are good ideas though. More wards in the inventory + more safety while placing wards is a huge (but not broken) buff for supports.   Probably not 2A, if they added new stats, price would probably have to go up. 800 for sight and another 800 for ruby is actually a lot on a support budget. It could even become mandatory for other laners or jungle if it ends up having too good of stats, which I think is a step in a wrong direction
0	So instead of a non paid day...you're using your vacation days. You do realize at most jobs you can just ask them to do this for you.  Vacation is just PTO, use it how you feel.
1	Maybe I'm lacking context from how people behaved in the game, but in my opinion there's absolutely nothing wrong with saying someone was "a cancer". To me, saying Trundle was a cancer means he was a toxic player spreading toxicity throughout the game. It's not like the guy said "I hope Trundle gets cancer", which is actually offensive (Depending how sensitive you are).   Honestly, this chat log isn't bad at all and I think we've all seen worse. Using a word like "raped" is not a bad thing. Context is very important, every gamer knows that when someone gets "raped" in a video game, it just means they lost badly. That's context, it's not like the guy said "I hope your family member gets raped", which is worse.   Context is extremely important. Just like when someone says "that's gay", it's not a call for homosexuals to get offended (Though the uneducated ones do). I'm gay, and even I say "that's gay", which just means "that's lame". The listener has just an active part as the speaker in a conversation and has responsibilities as well. As a listener, you're not supposed to overreact and misinterpret everything said at you, which is kind of what you're doing here.
1	Friend of an IRL friend (we'll call him R) likes to make fun of everyone on his team, but turns into a big ol' baby if anyone dares to make fun of him. When someone makes fun of R, he disconnects from the skype call and proceeds to feed relentlessly until the other team makes fun of him in /all, at which point he quits. After one such game, he was so upset at my boyfriend for making fun of him (after he had been ragging on my boyfriend all game, and my boyfriend was returning the jibes), he ignored both my boyfriend and me and removed us from his friend list. Now it's awkward to play with my IRL friend because R still likes to play with him, but R won't play with both of us together, so my IRL friend doesn't play with me as much as he used to.
0	This hits to the core.  I am currently 18 and I have the option to move out in a broader sense.  I have a place I can stay and a semi sustainable income while going to college. I have, in the process of living with my mother,  developed incredibly severe ulcerative colitis. Not more than two hours ago she stole my keys when I told her that I was going to move out reasonably soon.  She then attacked me with a flurry of ad hominems  and other various ways of avoiding the real conflict.  I eventually started ripping into her while directly addressing the conflict as she poorly defended herself eventually becoming more and more silent as I called all of her bluffs.  I started to lose control of myself and my body started going numb.  (I realize I'm venting/going through the process mentally now) I was afraid of this feeling and tried to regain control and then all of a sudden I could only feel... I couldn't talk, I couldn't move, I couldn't hear, I just felt pain and hate and my thoughts were no longer cohesive.  Some time later I walked downstairs I noticed the area around me, my mother behind me sobbing.  I still couldn't hear but my thoughts were forming.  I don't really know what was happening at that time but I was/am scared of it.  I began calming myself down, taking notes on my breath.  And then... I tried to speak.  I can't form words, not vocally.  It just comes out as gibberish.  I'm sure everything will be fine in the morning, I've seen acquaintances have psychotic breaks and drugs and they're usually fine in the morning.  I'm sure that I will be as well.  Anyways, my stomach hurts like hell and I'm currently on the can, and all I can really say is that in your situation, don't feel trapped, don't have conflicting emotions, know what you want and follow the fuck through.  I know that I'm gonna move out soon, and I know that whatever the hell I'm dealing with isn't healthy.  So fuck your mom, and her controlling tendencies, and I'm glad you posted something fantastically relevant because I'm on my phone and I can't post something similar on reddit because alien blue is lame and my mother literally turned off the power in the house.   Edit:
1	We had a troll in our team, same as in enemy team. We had AP Amumu, he just farmed for 50 minutes and did nothing, they had Revive Karthus and g/10 items stacking Pantheon.   We were pretty much losing, but this Amumu. used his ult at 50 min. mark (for 1st time in that game!), it did epic damage, and we won due to him. And he was on a 3 games in a row winstreak w/ AP Amumu.
1	Okay, seeing as you posted this already I don't think there's a reason for me to make a post myself. I just wanted to underline a very very important point Monte made in game 2. Sorry for the rant.   It doesnt matter if Link/Xmithie/whoever underperformed and I really dislike the big reaction that came out of these games: "omg bench X, there is no way CLG will be any good with them"   [2nd Game at 49:40 beginning]( is what I'm talking about. Or at [52:45]( "that's not Xmithies fault, that's picks and bans being terrible."   For the people that don't want to watch the whole thing (no problem with that), just listen to what he says instead of maybe jumping to conclusions from the match itself or the post-match  "discussion" thread  played game 1 and 2 just as good, if not better than TL and even if Link and Xmithie hit all their skillshots/lay wastes/gold cards Team Liquid would still have won the series overall. TL was better prepared from what I can tell, both mentally and ingame-strat wise and they were the better team. Instead of looking at individual play from CLG members we should look at the bigger problems, namely pick/ban and (imo) crumbling under pressure. Because I think CLG know they could have picked better, Xmithie knows he can hit those ults and Links TF is not as bad as he is made out to be in this series.
0	Yeah, i mean this isn't /r/asksocialscience but I bet somebody has done a study and proved that you're right. It doesn't prove some kind of superiority, just different likes. There is obviously a difference in maturity and entertainment choice. I guess OP's use of 'intelligence' is the douchery.
0	Hi, 38 year old here. I guess I'm probably that generation you're talking about. I'm going to take a guess that you're somewhere between 18-25. You know what? At that age you're a fucking idiot who thinks they know it all and have all the right answers. At that age I'll admit, I was a complete moron. Pretty much everybody was, or is.   Now why am I telling you this? (Really, why am I telling you this? You probably think you know better than me and won't fucking listen to a goddamned thing I say.) Why would I think that you're still not as smart as you think you are? You see, you've been being educated in a specific path of thought and understanding. As a guess, you might even idolize people like Noam Chomsky, or Che Guevara and eat the peanuts out of their shit. You want do directly implement exactly what they've said in exactly the way they've said it. Well, guess what? Your ideal is impossible.   At your young age it is highly unlikely you understand the nuanced world of dealing with people that have different thought processes than you. Your bullheadedness will hinder, not help you. It will cause you to butt heads with people in charge, even if you do have the correct answer. Sure, maybe you can slip something past some old fart like me who isn't paying attention, but by and large you haven't grasped the big picture of whatever you're working towards. I'm sure you have plenty of book learning. The internet is an invaluable tool for educating yourself. But you have zero real world, practical experience. This lack of practical experience is what makes you feel superior to the generation before you. Your ignorance to what really has happened in your short attention span makes you think your predecessors are morons.   Take a good hard look at the creation and ingenuity that has happened during the previous generation's sphere of influence. What miraculous discoveries, like the internet, or the death of polio, or the mapping of the human genome, or robots on fucking Mars and tell me that you can do better. Look at what has come before and know that to beat us you need to do better. You have a tall fucking order and you better rise to the occasion bitch.
1	If someone would like to play singed, eaven if he is bad at it. It is his choice and he is free to play what ever he likes.   Basiclly u are telling him he don't know how to play. witch is not a nice thing to do. Rather say something like. "I always play teemo against gnar, and i feel like i have much more change to win him"
0	Former kitchen vet of 10 years here. Do not beat yourself up over this. We've  all  done this or something closely associated with it.   Story time:   I was in my first job in a restaurant working prep. We had a silly set up with a deep fryer right next to the stove, and then a sink next to the deep fryer.   Well I was on a long stretch of working, and taking a pot of pasta water off the stove to strain the pasta, well I start dumping it into the colander in the sink when I realize I've made a horrible mistake...   The first crackle and pop started about three seconds after I started pouring so I didn't dump the whole stock pot in the deepfryer. I had just enough time to cut the gas feed to the fryer before it started boiling over. That shit took hours to clean!
0	Right click password box  [●●●●●]   Inspect element   Erase password string, replace with: text   Enter
0	Relevantish story time. I was trying to parallel park without power steering (it's since be fixed, thank God) in the pouring rain. I thought I tapped the car in front of me, so I checked, saw no damage, and decided to find another spot. A month later, there's a warrant out for my dad's arrest for hit and run because he owns the car. Turns out a passerby wrote down my info telling the owner of the undamaged car to contact police about it.  After giving cops my information, providing photos of my also undamaged car (no scrapes to indicate any damage had happened), and going to court, I ended up paying $135 in court fees.  They never filed a claim against me, so I'm not sure what the point was.
1	Hijacking top comment   So here's my problem with raging about servers being unstable or having down time...   It's a free game.   It's a free game that millions of players love.   It's a free game that millions of players love and if there's some server problems, get over it.  It's free.  God forbid any of you should spend some time with your families instead of staring at the "Server Unavailable" icon for 3 hours and raging on forums.   As for being compensated, what makes any of you feel as though you should be compensated?  It's not like any of you have fallen ill or died from servers being down (though you may have cried like little girls about it).   Time to sit back and realize that league of legends is a game, not a religion, and that no one kicked your puppy after all.
1	Joke but its so true. Picking jungle Yi causes blame and arguing every damn time, I cant even consider picking him top. And if something goes wrong ppl just give up and start flooding the chat instead of playing and when something goes right sometimes ppl still gonna be angry and throw almost intentionaly.
0	From the UK perspective, (it's not something we really have here), it seems to be that instead of being a legitimate exercise regime to get heavier people in the gym/doing  any  exercise, it's become a lazy exercise regime for people who are healthy but not over-fit, who just can't be bothered.  Additionally, a lot of the 'exercises' that crossfit ends up being, have poor form and will end up with people hurting themselves.  The exercises in the gym are structured to get the best result with the safest support for your body, and even though 'Sports Science' sounds flaky (well, it used to, to me before I started actually exercising), it's there for a reason.   Or at least that's how I see it.
1	If you want to establish any form of lane dominance you pretty much have to start Q. Its cooldown is pretty low and it does decent damage, as opposed to E, which may do a similar amount of damage, but it has a far greater cooldown. Zyra's E is best used reactively, as a disengage. Of course you can use it offensively, and should do so, if the opportunity presents itself.   If you start with E then take W at level two like you suggest, you have dedicated your skill order to playing reactively. What I mean is, since most ADCs will take their escape at level two (ed Lucian dash,  Ezreal E, Graves dash, Tristana W) then you are almost certainly not going to hit your E, and if you do miss it then you are stuck. If you take Q, you can use it, combined with a seed at level two to zone. Just to clarify, I am sure you know this but the range on the slowing plant or Vine Lasher is a lot less than the range of the Thorn Spitter, making the Thorn Spitter (which is produced from your Q) a much much better zoning tool.   If you have Q and W at level two and you walk toward the enemy ADC, and use Q and W, the enemy ADC may jump away. This situation is a lot more beneficial than using E and W since by the time they have jumped away, then return to cs, your Q will almost be back up again and you can continue your harass, whereas with E you have to wait longer to resume harass.
0	I had a similar situation. I was transferring a patient from a wheel chair to his car. He had his leg amputated and was finally able to go home. We deal with people who have trouble standing all the time, so it want a big deal. The secret is to get the wheel chair even with the seat so they can slide right over.  To make it easier you can remove the foot rest. Well  I lean over to take it off and tell my coworker helping me " we have to remove the leg". I immediately regretted that and did my best to pretend it didn't happen. Which is difficult when everyone head slowly turns to you all at once. Still feel bad to this day.
0	I'm sure this has already been said a hundred times in this post, but since its so relevant to me, I have to say something.   When my parents presented this option to me at a very young age, I chose to starve every time. Chicken soup with vegetables? I'll pass. Any meat other than chicken? Maybe next dinner. My parents would even try and force feed me vegetables because they thought that if I managed to swallow it, I wouldn't find it that bad in the end. I never caved. It wasn't that I was spiting my parents because I didn't like them, I just could not bring myself to actually eat the foods that they tried to serve to me. Skipping meals became such an issue that I ended up looking like a "concetration camp survivor", as my parents put it, and the lack of nutrition stunted my growth severely. I still am a very picky eater despite having increased my palate immensely, and chances are I'm not going to change any time soon.
1	I'll go back to the original post then. It WOULD be possible to track wards, albeit not very accurately and you could have this stat added, but as everyone else in this post has already said, it would be very meaningless. Just read the rest of the posts for reasons why the stat isn't needed.
0	I find this to be interesting. Casting judgement on someone for explaining the details behind the meme, rather than telling everyone to fuck off, which would have been the easier road. Only in  this  thread did I reply to anyone about the legality of my actions. So for you to make it plural is unjustified. Honestly, if you need the support of others to substantiate your ideas, then it shows the frailty of your written message.   You call me a dick simply because I had an item in possession that belongs to someone else and it remained that way because of break-up. I've said before, if I had been of the mind that I had the property while we were still in contact I would have said "hey, listen this is yours. Take it back." Yet, since it was disregarded, forgotten, and placed out of sight, it eventually became a relic. It's just fortunate that when I unearthed the bloody thing, it still has use. I don't know where this woman is anymore and if I could find her, maybe we could work something out, but that doesn't seem likely.   So, hey, you guys want to downvote and judge me without any regard to the facts or appealing to any evidence, then please, do so. Is that not what reddit is for? The image served its purpose and it did generate a generous amount of upvotes -- more-so than I have ever received. Good or bad, as they say, no press is bad press. Thanks for your time.
0	This is absolutely necessary if you have a guitar with a floating tremolo aka a whammy bar (not the shitty kind). All the strings are pulling against one-another and if one string changes tension they all change. You have to tune the thing probably 10 times to get it perfect, then screw in the locking nuts which throws it out of tune ever so slightly, then use the bridge tuners to get it prefect again.
0	To add onto some already good advice.  You probably want to be networking outside of campus.  A business frat isnt a terrible option, but who are you meeting - a bunch of people without jobs (other students).  I would recommend you start talking to friends and seeing if they have relatives in fields youre interested in.  Or your parents friends. Or your professors.  Don't be shy about using linkedin to find alums from your school that are in fields that interest you either.  Ask for informational interviews and just start talking about your goals and asking them about how they go to where they are today.  This can open so many doors, or at least make you aware of paths you arent already.  Talking to other students is going to put you into the same really crowded career pipes that everyone else is trying to take advantage of.  But someone with a couple years of experience in industry might have more unique ideas.  If you impress them/make a favorable impression it is possible they can put you in touch with people you want to know come hiring season.  The other thing to be careful of is "Business" is extremely vague.  Have some more clearly defined goals, something like "I really enjoyed courses x, y, and z...this has really made me interested in a career in corporate retail" or whatever.  Its hard to find a career path without passion.  I speak from experience on this.  Find what you want then work to get it.  Also this comes from someone who is 28 and still a student so take it for what its worth.
0	Be a man. If you don't, somebody else will.
1	If they just tell you and dont interfere heavily - be happy. I've lived in depressed state for as long as I remmember myself. And PC-internet really helped me a lot in surviving trough this and making friends. But one time parents went "hurr durr PC ruins your life" and denied me of it. So in the end I had to combat depression almost alone.
0	African American. I think you meant Black.  Your sister married a black lawyer.  Not to be a dick about it but we're not all from Africa.  I mean, if you go waaaay back, sure we're descendants of slaves, etc.   I personally identify as Haitian.   Source: black guy.
0	Not necessarily, let me give you an example.   What do you call the costumes that a lot grils like to wear on Halloween? What do girls call the costumes that they wear on Halloween?   I think it is a stretch to say that a girl who is dressed slutty is a  whore  or  hooker . I also never said that slutty is a positive term, but loosing its negativity. The adjective "slutty" is far less insulting than calling someone a slut. I in no way, have a problem with women dressing how they want. If they want to wear tube tops and booty shorts then joy be to the world (possibly). The problem is in our vernacular we would call a girl wearing less clothing to be more slutty, as opposed to modest.   Do a little test with yourself: you see two girls walking, one is wearing a dress that falls to about 3 " above the knee. The other is wearing a skirt that is 1/2" below the ass-thigh junction. She has a halter top, that stops mid belly and no back. How do you describe the second girl's outfit?   Stop reading for a second. Think.   Did you think of using slutty? How about revealing (which is a euphemism for slutty)? This is put down here so you wouldn't read it a skew the results of self test.
0	I'm not understanding why I'm getting downvoted.   Bible thumpers like this asshole are parroting their beliefs from the bible. They do not hold these beliefs in any intellectual sense, since they are literally quoting a story book...   Therefore, it's hard to call them hypocrites, because to be a hypocrite means you need to have your  own  opinions and then act against them. You can't have your own opinions when they are derived from a story book. Another analogy would be a 2 year-old repeating something he heard his mom say. It's not his opinion, he's just a 2 year-old.   The analogy about the parrot implies that bible thumpers belong in a zoo.
1	This is a pretty massive-looking nerf on paper, but I've played him myself in internal playtests (we have in the mean time adjusted the duration to 3s) and, aside from the occasional mess-up trying to save my passive for last-hitting, didn't feel much different.   When you battle the enemy, your optimal play is to cast-shoot-cast-shoot smoothly, so the duration nerf doesn't enter the equation here. The 20/10% damage nerf happens at times in the game when your damage is still quite low. It's like a 10-15 damage difference for the first few levels of the game. I'm not going to lie, this will make Lucian less of a lane bully, and we do not to figure out where his strengths should be (I'm still thinking he should be among the safest mid game ADCs, alongside Ezreal, thanks to his mobility). We have a number of compensatory buffs ready  SHOULD  they be needed, but I'm not sure they will be.
0	Hijacking top post because internet.   It is most likely improper hookup or settings. You said watching a movie on TV. I will assume that you mean with a DVD/Bluray player. Movies for those formats, are 9 times out of 10 engineered to be playing in some form of 5.1 or better. (  )   If you are hooking it directly from player to TV. Then you are likely trying to play 5.1 or better through 2 speakers. (which is do able) When you do this you end up having to turn up audio to hear voice but your house falls apart during action. If you have no other sound options available, then you need to change the audio output in the DVD's menu. (not the players menu) You will typically see these options:   The other solution is a proper sound system. Starting with a good receiver but that is a whole separate conversation.
0	Somewhere in the middle would work well. "Son, your grades are slipping. No more Nintendo. Bring them back up, and maybe you can have it back."   I never went through this, but I've seen friends... They didn't take the first week too well... After that, they realized they had responsibilities. It's a good method that I shall employ with my own children.   [
1	We don't.
1	GuardsMan Bob does that all the time with WarWick and GangPlank, and used to play Xin Zhao mid too before he became useless. He shown several times that it may be a good idea, expecially if you wanna shut down a potential hyper carry as Kassadin may be.
1	Ok, so I should only ever roam if I'm ahead? I originally saw it as a way to salvage a poor lane matchup for myself as well as a way to leverage my lead. But say I am already losing lane, and split it up into two scenarios, 1: I am down about 10cs and the enemy owner is scaling better than me. 2: I am being dominated by a counter and can barely get within xp range let alone cs.
1	Nope. The LP you end at when loosing a promo depends on how many games you lost during the promotion series and how many LP you lost for each game lost.   During promotions, you still win/loose LP.   If you win your first game, since you are at 100 LP already, it doesn't change. But if you loose one and then win one, you can be around 100 again, even if it doesn't show (although i think LolKing shows your LP even during promotion series, but i'm not sure about it).   By the way, if you go in promo and loose your 2 first games, you'll end with less LP than if you would have lost 1, win 1 and lost the 3rd (because the win would have give you some LP and cover for the LP lost from first game).   In addition, for BO5 promos, you can have 3 looses and then end up at lower LP than after a BO3 (cause BO3 are 2 looses at max).
0	As someone who is currently in the DEP for the Airforce, I can assure you that you are an idiot.   I am joining to learn a specialized skill set that cannot be gotten elsewhere (one bravo) legally and to ensure the freedoms I have enjoyed are still around for my future children. My DEP crew harbors only two exceptions out of about thirty people.
0	How about don't provide legal insight online?   I'm getting the vibe that you're quite full of yourself based on this comment.   I'd also like to say that you have no more merit here than /u/potatoisfruit. Anyone can pull up a webpage and type some random bullshit.   I'll get my legal insight in person, thanks.
1	I don't play ranked but I get this in normals as well.   The matchmaking software is designed to do this I am sure of it. It places people with huge win streaks with players together on a team that are then placed against a higher ranked team.   This is how they balance out good players from better players. I think this is wrong. But then they have found that if they don't do this invariably people can just get higher and higher than their true MMR by just being consistent and win games through strategy only rather than mechanical skills.   People used to be able to rise from Bronze to Plat in like one month.   If they tried it today I think they might have a harder time doing it so easily these days.   Also by making it harder to rise they also inadvertently made the lower ranks not mean anything.   The difference these days between a Bronze 1 and a Silver 1 is almost negligible. That's because  more than likely the Gold 3 player got a few lucky wins and the Bronze 1 player just had bad luck in their games.   So many games are won on lucky 3v1 catches in the jungle at this level that skills/mechanics don't mean shiit when determining MMR. Team plays make the wins, not individuals.   LoL is a team game first and foremost.   People saying that you can "Carry" your way out of low MMR is not accurate. You may have done it in Season 1 or 2, but you can't do it in todays' game. It is different now. It's all about how your team performs together.   Once you learn this and then play as a duo to win MMR you will rise steadily. Duo queue is the smart players way to earn MMR.
1	The current topic is basically "fuck you I got first pick you aren't allowed to call a role" and to that I am saying that the people that  do  that are generally bad at the game because they are not helping with the  most  important aspect of the game. This is a  TEAM  game. If you don't communicate in champion select and accept feedback then you're usually going to be worse off than if you had. Even though it's soloque you are actually capable of talking to your teammates. The players that don't do this are the trash of this game. I don't care if a kid goes 8-0 and trash talks me I can report him and hit the ignore button. I  do  care if a kid doesnt' talk  at all  during team select picks a random champion because he got luckier with the randomizer and then our team does poorly because he picked mid first or top and got hard countered because he wanted to play a niche champion. I'm not allowed to ban you for that. I'm only allowed to put "this player lacks communication skills" or something.
1	That's impossible. If you had the skin redemption code but not riven then you got the s2 icon, riven champion, an championship riven skin. Either you are lying or confused with the icon redemption only, which you received for watching the s2 championship online, rather than buying tickets and watching it live.
1	He's really not all that hard.. he's got an extremely high skill-ceiling, but learning him isn't very hard. He's also one of the best jungle picks in the meta. After 5 or 6 games, you get the hang of him, just like any other champ.   If you do try to learn him, remember that you  don't  have to be flashy. You  don't  have to make big Insec plays, and you  won't  land every Q. He's an intimidating champion but don't let the fact that he can be very mechanically intensive scare you away from playing him.
0	I don't know where OP is from but in washington state our pot legalisation was linked to alcohol. i forget what the specific legislature was but after the pot legalisation alcohol was made more available [sold on sundays] and taxed differently. so maybe that's what the lady was thinking.
1	Here's the thing about the sweeping idea. It's either going to be too strong or too weak, simply because of how it functions. If you balance it like a conal aoe, it's going to be weaker than it should. If you balance it like a skillshot, it'll be stronger than it should be, since it's not really a skill shot, even though in best use cases that's how it would be used.   Think of it from the point of the user. If I know it goes from left to right from my character, why would I ever start the ability unless my animation will start where my opponent is? The intended counterplay of this sweeping ability is that my opponent can see it and react by moving to the right, but if I simply start the skill on him, he can't dodge it. Now the ability has to have its damage balanced around it being a line skillshot with aoe, which means it would be weaker than the intended use case, where you cast it with the opponent centered inside the ability, giving them the time to out play it but tuning the damage higher to compensate.   Some other options I can think of that could be used would be to give it a cast time, but that always feels bad at melee range since the opponent can walk out of it so easily, but would allow some power to be put back in. Another would be to give the sweep more range the longer it goes, increasing damage as it travels, but this doesn't fit the character ww is. That would be more of a Zac ability, since he already has extend-o arms. I could keep going, but I think I've made my point.
1	Try support sona. Learn her range and damage output, but don't get caught. That doesn't happen that often as adc don't react quick enough or support usually stun you way far back. The great thing about sona is that in lower levels you can force people out of lane by harassing and you have crazy sustain. Once you hit level 6 you also gain crazy kill potential for your lane. During mid-late game your ult can be game changer if used correctly. Obviously ward up your lane to prevent ganks.
1	of course you win the same amount of games if you're good, but you can't solo carry for shit now because there is not enough snowballing   what i'm saying is that now you need to have more strategical skills but less mechanicals skills (because every midlaner used nowadays is not t   in S3 you could be the biggest retard in this world (strategically), but if you had fast fingers you could solo carry with good mechanics cos assassins ruled, snowball was huge, there was ignite top/bot, there were support such as Zyra wich could stomp the lane, one good engage by Ashe/Varus or one good ult by MF could set up a winning teamfight etc...   now you can win by shotcalling and such, but it just feels incredibly boring to me, it's just not the same...
1	Unfortunately, as a person who did more than 1000 rankeds in soloQ this season, your best solution is still to Mute.   Trolls/Toxic players are like terrorists in a way, you can't negotiate and certainly not talk some sense into them, it's a lost cause. The first thing a bad player will do is the following : once they die or suffer a buff steal or whatever, they will look at the minimap for a culprit, anything they could shift the blame upon. When this begins, there is no point for you to try to explain stuff to him. It will simply give him reasons to keep blaming you over and over and over.   I can tell you how I work this out :   -If a person starts blaming his teamate in a negative way (you can say "damn we got wrecked this time let's be more careful", but you can"t say "fucking leona why you go in lane is lost gg ff @ 20 pls & report x9") => instant mute, if you read the chat, it's to hear misses and calls, not stupid stuff like that.   -If people start to comment your actions and every mistakes you do, unless it's a positive remark (try to wait more before doing this, blabla, instead of "wtf fucking retard why do you do this gg it's over we can't win") => instant mute, don't bother yourself, it will only get worse after every mistake you do.   -If people start using what I like to call the legendary soloQ "Demotivational talk", just mute them, trust me. In my opinion those people are the worst in soloQ, they just spread their negativity and weak will all over the place with stupid talk like : "It's over we can't win with this XX" (insert person to blame) "FF this game i can't play with this XX" "It's over just surrend pls"   I come from a dota => heroes of newerth => dota 2 background, and I hate beyond anything the surrender option, I always play with the idea of improving myself, and even if you are losing you HAVE to play until the bitter end. I often get mad when I see this option popup in my screen while I'm still trying to win and turn the odds of the game around.   This is getting long, but in short :
0	Labelle15 is absolutely correct. I goofed up with some bad information, and I'd like to make it right. [This Forbes article]( explains how I'm wrong and [here's another one]( specifically mentioning the myth about interview clothes (there's also some good information about what you can deduct like resumes and such [here](  I'm going to leave this up long enough so people who read it before might hopefully notice, and I'll delete it tomorrow evening.
0	I don't normally say
0	Dude whenever anyone ever makes a post that against the liberal agenda they usually get downvoted to hell. I just posted something recently explaining that if Fox News is biased then so is MSNBC. Of course the Reddit Liberal Army came after me.
0	I tell you what grinds my gears.  Any stories that are based on lists.  Like "Top 10 Anything" but the author of the stories refuses to use numbers or bullet points.  Because they think their story is so god damn special they don't want people skipping through just reading the highlights.  They're forcing you to read the whole damn thing and you have to discern for yourself what the top ten points actually were.   Well screw you.  Number it or use bullet points or it's
0	well I guess I just don't know how to quote movies then. I'm sorry you feel so strongly about it and next time I'll second guess what I do on the internet. If somebody says I'm doing it wrong I'll just go ahead and make sure I correct that action for the future as to not cross that fine line of quoting a movie and making sure I don't step on anybody's toes. Heaven forbid somebody on the internet disagree or do something you didn't like. that would be devastating.
0	As usual people uses downvotes and upvotes as they were "Ilikes" and "Idontlikes".   I'm sorry for your post, it could have started a good discussion and enlighten many who think like you.   I see your point of view. I don't share it but I can understand it.   I used to think like you do about a lot of "mental issues"..   i mean:  what the fuck is depression?? you're sad? you feel weak and unuseful?   Just stop being such a little pussy and wake the fuck up!!!   I used to..   then I faced a complex case of social anxiety whose main symptom was procrastination on work. (Don't ask, it's far more complex but let's stick to that for the moment)   You can't imagine your mind how powerful could be. You can't imagine how you feel as you watch your monitor and then the clock... back to the monitor and back to the clock... hours, days pass by and still you're unable to do anything.   I sat there.. unable to bring myself to do what I wanted to do, sometimes thinking exactly to this topic, how horribly ignorant I was when I thought at all those  pussies  (please note that.. yes I'm calling you too an ignorant but not as an insult, rather as an objective description of our condition: ignorance of the actual power these condition can have on you)   I felt powerless   I got over my condition or at least over some of the most compromising symptoms, but I learned a lesson:
1	I'm not sure what level you are, but you can do a longsword and 1 hp pot for faster jungling or take 1 cloth 2 hp pots and a sight ward to attempt to foil the enemy jungle at red or blue( have your team back you up as you ward). Generally that mana pot is not needed if you do Blue golem earlier.   Most people start at small golems or blue golem so they can get to level 2 right after they finish off the camp. Blue golem will make your jungling route faster as it gives you free mana and faster cooldowns. You can kill the big wolf in the wolf camp and then go do Blue golem if you want a tiny faster jungling. Start at small golems if you fear being ganked at golem by say, Twitch or Eve. If you start at blue golem, it should respawn when you are around level 5 and are about ready to do dragon. You really don't need double buff to kill dragon(faster the better ofc), double buff is more imperative in ganking. At level 4 you should have blue and red for a short time and can gank, usually bottom lane but whoever is overextended works fine. Even with just red buff, you can gank. Ganking with WW before 6 can be problematic though as they can easily run away if you don't backstab(come around from behind out of vision) them.   Your order is alright, but could use a little fine tuning. You should have smite when you do dragon or else the enemy jungler can easily steal it. You should also have a pink ward when doing dragon so you can plop it down near the entrance to dragon to see if the area is warded as it is common for it to be warded by  levels 4-6. I generally blue pill at level 5 when my gank worked or my jungle is completely depleted.
1	No annotations this time, see when you dont rush the
1	She needs base stat boosts; her weaker early clears is the only thing that's preventing her from being a so-called 'viable' jungler. All you did was add a bunch of smaller effects on her already clear abilities, and throwing bonus CC where it doesn't belong.   Arctic Assault should not become Unstoppable Force. Frozen Tundra makes her ganks stupidly good alongside Winter's Wrath and that passive. Her ult has always been a great part of her kit, and there's absolutely no reason to buff it whatsoever.   The three main problems with your rework are these:   1) You're underestimating what DoT + reduced healing can actually do. Ignite is a summoner spell sought after because of the healing reduction. It's a "what goes there, stays there" tool. If you have something that can immediately apply 4 stacks (Q into W into AA), you're effectively ignited and exhausted the enemy for a 2v1 gank.   2) You're reworking Sejuani into a constant hard  and  soft CC tank. This means that after the initial engage, they have to deal with knock ups, knock backs, slows, stuns, and more CC than is necessary for any character. Alistar and Leona, two of the champions with broken amounts of CC, only have a knock-up/knock-back and 3 stuns respectively, alongside a gap closer to engage (one of the abilities already mentioned). This change would give Sejuani a slow, a knock up, a gap closer, an augmented slow, an armor shred, an AoE stun, and all the while maintaining her HP scaling and high sustained damage.   3) Her kit would now have all these ridiculous intricacies with one skill applying 2 stacks, another applying 3 stacks, and it's not very easy to understand if you're just picking up a champion on the go. The best champion to compare stacks to is Kennen, and each of his skills applies 1 stack except for his ult, which makes it very clear how many stacks it applies and how it is applied.
0	When my step-kid doesn't want the rest of her dinner (usually the veggies: because she's "full of this food"). I eat my ice cream or whatever other dessert in front of her. I ate my dinner and I'm not going to deprive myself because you didn't eat yours. This one took a little bit to smooth over with my SO, the first time I did it - he looked at me in disbelief.
1	There is counter play to his ultimate, it is just that it depends on the pick/ban phase more than anything. As long as you are mobile, Olaf can do nothing to you. Caitlyn, Ezreal, Tristana can all just jump out of the way. Plus J4 and Anivia can just block him off. All he is able to do is run at you, he has no way to deal with mobile characters. That was one reason they gave for his nerf, but really it was a change based on the context of the game.   At the point of the nerf, the meta was to have a 2 v 1 lane, which Olaf was pretty good at if you gave him a first blue buff. They have since buffed towers to dissuade teams from 2v1ing and increased the jungler's dependence on his first buffs, so that is a nerf to him.   Additionally, at this point health was retardedly inexpensive, which compounded with the resistances from his ultimate and the way his W scales made him much stronger than other tanks at that point. Since then they have increased the cost of health items and made it more difficult to stack early on. Another contextual nerf to Olaf.   Finally, with the transition to season 3, there was a large nerf to AD items across the board. I can't remember the full list, but most of the items an ADC would build were worse, which made it more difficult to deal with the health stacking meta, especially as BotRK was pretty terrible at that point. Since then there have been some minor readjustments, and more importantly, the rework of BotRK, which not only shreds him when he builds straight health, but also gives the AD a massive MS buff if he ever gets close enough, making kiting far easier. Another nerf to Olaf.   Additionally, I don't remember a time when Olaf had above a 48& win rate in solo queue. Obviously this doesn't mean he wasn't strong as he dominated competitive play at the time. What it does mean though is that he was a champion that fit into the strategies used by the competitive teams at the time, such as 2v1 lanes. In average hands he was quite average.   However, their kneejerk nerf to him brought him down to a level of unplayability. I have seen more Heimerdingers, both in competitive play and soloqueue, since that point because he is beyond terrible at this point, and yet he still has his problematic ultimate.   So overall, if they were to revert him to how he was before the nerf, he would still be a decent champion. Not a must pick/ban champ as it is now harder to get him to his unkillable stage, but someone that could fit into a specific strategy. Instead they are completely reworking, and in my opinion destroying, what was enjoyable about the champion. All the tradeoffs you listed would have made him balanced at the time, but he CAN'T effectively stack health any more, he can't survive long enough to stay around and auto attack a target to get a low cooldown on his E, and he can't afford to run up and chunk people down in lane.   This iteration of changes takes him from being an offtank that dives their carry and forces a team reaction to a would be assassin without the means to just jump on the enemy, and without the defensive power to just brute force through them. Essentially he will just have to stand around and hope that someone important on the enemy team messes up and gets out of position. No matter what they do to his numbers he will have no true a team comp, only ever used as a snowbally melee carry in elos low enough to draw a Fiora ban, unless they buff his numbers up too much, in which case it doesn't matter what his abilities are, he will just be OP because of them.   This kind of turned into an essay, but it is really frustrating to see them destroy what made Olaf unique and enjoyable to play. I used him as my main in season 2 and the early stages of season 3, and I really miss being able to play my viking. I'm worried that these changes will stop him from ever being worth playing again.
0	So much yes to this. My friend ALWAYS gives in to her son, and because of that he is a spoiled terrible little piece of shit. He treats her like garbage because he knows he'll be rewarded for it. The worst part is it ALMOST started getting better. She started asking us to watch him so that our lifestyle would rub off on him, and slowly things started to improve. But then the kid figured out that if he just went back to his mom and said, "I don't waaaant to be at their house I'd rather be with youuuuu" it would get him out of any punishments he'd earned.   We tried explaining to her that she had to match our firmness if she was to see a change in him, but she doesn't want to "scar" him (which in her mind is any form of punishment), so they just end up talking about feelings all the time. While that seems like an ideal way to handle a problem, kids are smart in their own shitty way. They know that if they recite the right phrases, they can get out of shit. "Oh, I stole that man's wallet because I'm mad at my dad".has become an easy out for him.   I love the kid, I really do. But I'm scared for him. He has no discipline, no guidance that steers him away from behaving like an asshole. I'm terrified for him because he's already showing signs of being aggressive and violent. He isn't held accountable for it, so soon he'll be 18, physically hurt someone, and get in huge trouble. I just wish he would get the guidance now that would benefit him in the long run.
1	Rules!   It was a pretty fun way to completely waste an entire hour.
1	I've only played 4 games as Jayce, but I've seen a whole bunch of people climbing with him of late, and I plan on picking him up as my go-to top alongside Riven.   Game 1- Release, didn't have a clue.   Game 2 - Ranked ~2k  - Decided I'd try him out since I got bottlenecked top, ended up against Yorick. Didn't do awful, but Yorick T_T. Teamfighting was strong, but they were too farmed.   Game 3 - Ranked ~2k Jax.  Dear god. There is nothing any melee brawler can do against Jayce. Initiate? Eat 400 damage of E to the face. Want to fight? Get jumped on, slowed, knocked back, and while I'm at it, switch to range, speed boost, q, and 3 autos. Absolutely nothing you can do against Jayce as a standard melee. Best part? Magic damage on the E that scales off of AD. I rolled my lane with ease (remember, this is game 3 with a champ in high elo play, and this was way too easy to win), but lost the game because I fucked up and got over aggressive on their mid who was ahead.   Game 4 - Normal - Morde - Hard to trade with Morde later once he has vamp and shield up constantly, but I destroyed him early. I roamed for a bit and let him back in. Once we grouped, I was a force to be reckoned with, and just dominated their squishy carries.   Realistic thoughts  - Breaks the current top lane style with his unreal utility (free shurelias on something like a 9 second cooldown), is extremely strong in all regards, and punishes dives. He's nearly ungankable with his E up (Knock away, transform then E for the speed boost), so his safety is lane is right up there with Kennen's, probably even more so with the knockback. Magic damage scaling off of AD at high ratios is huge against brawlers because your autos will be punishing as well. Teamfighting I can't really speak about because I haven't played enough games, but in lane he really shines, and is probably the most fun laning experience out there right now.
1	Yeah.. it is.   I despise playing ADC because I support main and I know that I'll be paired with some horrorshow Leona or Morgana. I'll be sitting in lane trying to CS but I won't be able to concentrate because I'll be thinking "That's not how you play Leona! Don't start with a coin, you fool! What are you building? Your runes and masteries are abominable. Is there some reasoning behind your runes? Are they completely random? Ok. This is beyond my comprehension. Ward this bush! Not that bush!" all the while.
0	Sociopath is a dated term, but it's usually used these days to describe psychopath-spectrum behaviors. These would include things like diminished empathy and remorse, and disinhibited or bold behavior. While those could be the case here, whether or not someone's a psychopath depends a lot more on their internal landscape.
0	I repair printers and copy machines.  We don't even mess with inkjets.  Get a used HP 4000 or 4250, everything's replaceable and they'll pretty much last forever.  You can either buy a $30 cartridge and print 500 pages or $70 and print 10000.  If someone sold a $1000 car but it only got 1 mile/gallon, wouldn't you rather buy a $3000 used car that got 30mpg.  Its  basic math that can found with the slightest bit of research.
1	All you are trying to tell is that the system is perfect.   like with every system also this one isnt perfect. but its accuracy is incredible high, due to reasons i've already listed. so it happens maybe 1 out of 10k times that someone without a reason gets chat restricted. that he gets a 2nd restriction on top of that is even less likely...   > I want my chat restriction lifted so I can time stuff properly, make calls and write gg in all chat. Thats pretty much all I want.   yeah and other people want to play the game without reading any toxic shit.   > But being neutral in chat after getting chat restriction doesnt make the bot lift it as I already did say.   it does. otherwise you wouldnt have 75% of the people who got away with just 1 restriction.   > I dont want to be falsely positive, thats not how the world works. I dont need to be nice to people that I dont know/dont like as long as I am polite. I dont want to be friends with everyone I meet.   you dont have to. but just dont be an asshole and everything is fine. if you have got nothing nice or useful to say then dont say it at all. they are strangers to you and not friends as u said.   > If I ask for FF then some people might realize that yeah this game is over and we might as well FF it.   why not just start the vote? you want convince anyone to surrender. if they want to surrender they will press yes, if they dont want they will press no. no matter what you say, they have their own eyes to see the game and their own mind to think about it.   > If I play a competetive game I want to do so properly without the "glhf" and "good job you all are so great yay lets be friends 4ever" bs with ten thousand smileys on top of it.   uhm u dont have to? why do u have to show up the exaggerated opposite of a flamer? no one asks u to be like this. but everyone asks u to not blame/flame/whatever u do.   > But you surely can believe in everything you get told and dont forget to feed the unicorn right after it.   well i mean if I see facts and they seem logic i believe them, yes. they are facts after all. but you believe in what you say without having anything to back it up... not sure which one of us is in the dreamworld. i'd say the one without facts (you) but since you see yourself as victim you will never realize that.
0	I once saved one of my straight pals from one of these idiots at a bar. He was being told that he was gay and all, so I decide to come up to them look the stranger in the eyes and say "sure he is gay.', then kiss my friend and continue "he is my boyfriend and he is done talking with you."  It worked and I was thanked, but also told to give a warning next time.
1	The thing is riot can't. Harlequinn is Trademarked so the at least can't name it Harlequinn. They may poke fun at other things(yellow jacket when and frozen shen) but they can't flat out say what they are referring to or they owe someone money.
1	my opinion is that they're only worth it if the build you're going with has the higher tier item. on j4 top, one of my more frequent items is randuins, so i get the HoG early for the gp5 bonus. but i also kennen top a lot, and getting kage's isnt worth it for that because i dont build deathfire on a top kennen.
1	Silver bolts at 2 is invariably a bad decision. It is the first sign that I am about to win lane if I'm not already which I probably am because my opponent has no idea what they are doing.   |   Silver bolts requires 3 autoattacks to trigger, or 2 auto attacks and a condemn (condemn triggers silver bolts).   |   For last hitting it is entirely useless, if you are for some reason heavily pushing lane at level 2 perhaps for life steal you almost never trigger a third silver bolt for a cs, more often that not it will die before that or on a third auto anyway or the silver damage will make you mistime the cs.   |   For trading it requires that you auto 3 times if you don't have condemn. With Vayne and tumble this requires at least 3 seconds of auto attacking. If your lane opponent let's you do this they are just god awful, almost every level 2 ADC will do considerably more in a 3 second period than Vayne, it also heavily opens up the option of eating CC from the enemy support, and a lot of minion damage. All of this so that she can deal an amazing 20 + 4% of maximum hp in true damage. Which comes out to about ^(drum roll please)  45 true damage. Condemn does about 50 non true damage so if you don't land the stun you've done a whoping 5-10 extra damage than if you'd just condemned them away. Additionally condemn can stun and do double damage, increasing the total damage done over silver bolts by a lot and stunning the opponent for further damage, additionally condemn can allow a safer trade if for some reason you want to all in at level 2 as vayne condemn can allow you to disengage the enemy support and escape unharmed. Additionally condemn provides considerable safety in lane. Additionally condemn can ruin a jungle gank. Additionally condemn + tumble into a stun is a more likely trade than 3 autos and safer and more devestating. Silver bolts is an endgame skill, a good vayne usually takes it at level 4 and when they do that's when I become worried.
0	A guy in a shitty white dodge pickup rearended me when I was waiting at a stop light. I got out to make sure my car wasn't completely fucked. My car looked completely fine despite the hard hit. When I'm looking at my car the guy takes off. I get back in my car and follow him and phone his plates in.   Later that day I find out that my car had actually been totaled despite showing no outside damage. My trunk wouldn't open and the crumple zone in my trunk where the spare tire is, is completely smashed in, but the outside of my car looks perfect.   The next day I take my motorcycle to work and while on my way I see the same fucking shitty white pickup truck. I turn and follow him into a parking lot and phone it in again.   Cop arrives as he's coming out and I explain what happened. The cop didn't seem to give too much of a shit since my car wasn't there, but I got the guy admitting that he hit my car and that he left because there was "no damage".
0	Instead of data, how about I bring up two points?   First of all, when speaking of age, generally it is accepted that median makes a better judge for "averages" than mean.   This is simply because there is a lower bound on age, but no upper bound.   Therefor the average is 19-22.   In addition, in internet polling, its demonstrable that 18 seems to be disproportionately claimed as an age.  The fact is, some minors feel that 18 makes there opinion more respected.   That almost certainly applies to a forum like r/atheism.   Why they would do this even in a blind poll, I cannot say, but its that way it goes.   So it would be fair to say the numbers for the under 18 groups are off.   I'd say this is triply so since people would flat out lie simply to make the group seem more mature than it is
1	In 2005 I was lucky enough to get to go to E3 in LA. I worked for a small company called Good Work Systems, this company made an interesting alternative style mouse called the R2 which sported the ONLY on board memory on a mouse at the time and its own scripting language called PAL. Allowing users to script everything from button presses to mouse movements. The company was so small that the mice were actually put together in the CEO's basement by hand.   Razer was a much larger company than us, their booth was very fancy. They had multiple demonstration kiosks each manned by an official Frag Doll that you could go head to head at Quake with and a couple thousand dollars worth of advertisements. Our booth consisted of a few folding tables and two computers with demo mice we used MS Paint to demonstrate the scripting technology, a printed sign of the mouse logo we had made at Kinkos the night before and our home made shirts which sported the same logo.   On our breaks my co workers and I were allowed to wonder the floor and visit other booths get free shit and just enjoy ourselves. We headed over to the Razer booth, mostly to talk to the Frag Girls and play Quake. We started playing Quake with the Frag Girls and we start talking to them about E3 and how cool everything has been. We were there for no more than 5 minutes when security shows up and asks us to leave the building. They told us that the Razer people said we were trying to steal publicity from them because we had our home made R2 logo shirts on and were at their booth and that we had to leave. These shirts were made with puffy paint and magic marker. They had easily 10 thousand dollars worth of professional advertisements on their booth, lights, tv screens, music, smoke machine the whole nine but we were messing up their fung shui with our shirts that had a competitors logo on them.   So security is escorting us out of the building when our CEO sees us. He comes over and we tell him whats going on. He talks to security and gets them to let us stay to work our booth on the condition that we stay away from the Razer booth.   Later that same E3 Razer announces their new mouse, the Copperhead, a mouse with 32 bytes of memory. They claim they are the first company to create a mouse with on board memory. This is not true our small company had been selling our R2 with on board memory for more than a year at that point. Of course without the money Razer has to advertise their product no one knew about the R2. So Razer got all the ohs and ahs while our company was getting stepped on by Razer.
1	I dunno. You only site one of his examples as bad and the cs one for ashe is brilliant. He did say the achievements themselves wouldn't be earned in a normal game, so riot doesn't have to worry about people going for them instead of going to win.
1	I believe Rammus is kind of stuck as a relic of the old jungle, kind of like Trundle and Nunu prior to his recent buffs.  I think he needs a few buffs that will keep him as a tanky champion who relies on incredibly high defence to keep him going in the jungle, rather than sustain.   If it were up to me, I'd like to see his base stats raised back up again and a passive added to his Defensive Ball Curl that would reduce the cooldown by a second for every x hits he takes.  Tradeoff would be higher mana usage by Rammus while he's jungling, but would help his clear times a little bit while reducing the damage he takes without making his ganks any more potent.   May take some flak for this, but I would also want to change around the CC he has to make him flow a little smoother.  I'd like to see a slight stun added to his Powerball - not a long one, maybe just a second, which would allow him to Powerball in and then have a brief period to setup his Puncturing Taunt and pull the target away from his team.  I haven't played too many games as Rammus, but it seems counter-productive to Powerball into someone, but then Puncturing Taunt won't pull them as far because of the slow.   On top of this, I think adding a slow effect to his ult (maybe 0.5 second slow on every pulse?) and lowering the damage on it would give Rammus a bit more presence in teamfights while reinforcing his place as a close-quarters tank.
1	ohhhh well i always knew copyright was some hypocritical shit. hopefully artist know that they should say they want royalties and not just a straight pay check   edit: one story about copyright i remember is that in a donald duck comic where they made a "futuristic"/new invention (but with no theory on how it actually worked). then someone in my country made that thing but couldnt get patent because he wasnt "the first" to come up with the invention even though he made the invention but because the donald duck comic had come up with the idea of an invention that could do the same thing he couldnt get the patent. so retarded imo
0	And this sort of attitude works for you.  I disagree, and that's fine.   You certainly shouldn't spend more than you can afford on a wedding but there's a very specific and useful function for a wedding, at least in my opinion.  After college, it's a very effective way of reconnecting with friends and relatives, especially if you move away after college.   Also, it helps to connect you and your partners core social groups, and blood relatives.   I see your point, but I'm happy that we spent the money on our wedding that we did.  It was the most fun I've had in a really long time, and unlike a house, the memories I have of that weekend will, without doubt, appreciate in value whereas a house is a more uncertain investment.   Also, in general, I have no interest in purchasing a house and I'm especially suspicious of anyone who claims that buying a house is a sound financial decision, given recent market events.  I think that houses are great, if you want the house in-and-of-itself, however I think that anybody who buys a house in this day and age should assume that they're probably going to lose money in the bargain.  Not to mention all of the liability associated with home-ownership and ancillary costs.
1	Last season they let you have the rewards of your maximum attained tier, but this year they implemented a way to never drop (unless you go inactive). In doing this they made it so everyone who is active in ranked will obtain the rewards of their maximum attained tier.
0	Why should they have to compensate for your intellectual laziness? Those who include it do so out of courtesy, not out of obligation.
0	I think it's a sign of aggression thing.  I might be a jerk myself, but not much bugs me more than people that have to act out and show the world they are having a bad time, especially when everyone else is in the same boat.   It's like everyone having to walk on a road made of shit.  Noone likes walking on this shit and it is an inconvenience to all.  It isn't hurting anyone, but it is unpleasant and makes travel more difficult.  Then a guy decides fuck this!  This is a horrible situation and I can't change anything to make it better and I hate it!  So he stoops down to this mess and just goes haywire, yelling and screaming, slapping and throwing this shit all around.  Now instead of just walking through it people are getting spackled with crap, making the trudge all that more shitty.  Just because some special little star couldn't see past his own special little light and realize that making others feel shittier made nothing better for him, just even worse for those near him.   That rambled, maybe someone was just trying to get some sort of insight into the flow of traffic or had to get to the unexpected birth of his first child.
1	I have always a problem with champions which are strong but balanced for such a long time and then get nerfed through the ground because a shift of the meta...   Cho'Gath was basically the same (he was my favorite champion for a LOOONG loong time). Somehow it was recognized that he could easily win fights against the whole enemy team alone while running away and get a tripple kill without problems. Then he was nerfed insanely on basestats, basedamage, health, extrahealth from his ult AND scaling.  He was undoubtedly broken, but it had still a bad feeling.   What I am trying to say is: Balance is something which really changes from the point of view you are standing on. For one, a champion almost always feels weaker when played then having to play against. But even more so, discovering all these neat lil tricks and builds really can uncover unknown depths to a champion.   Just plainly nerfing a previously balanced champ because a stronger strategy or a new meta develops doesn't seem ideal, even though I get while they can't possibly throw up a rework the very next week.   This difference is one of the main problem i feel with Riots balancing. They want a big player base, so they try to keep the game balanced at lower ELOs and even levels. Therefore stealth was and still is hard to balance. You can hardly expect a new player to now exactly where to put a sight or vision ward to protect yourself against a stunning (i.e. old) Eve, or Shaco.   Otherwise  the game is supposed to work on very high levels of play and for professional gamers who know all these things. That is for instance, what Blizzard is balancing for and they say basically to all the lower tier players: Deal with it. If you don't know how to defend against X look it simply up...   Really hard to say which of these ways to prefer.   From my standpoint: The more alive changing and creative the metagame is the better it gets. Guess we have to wait until season 3 (at least) to sea if Riot may change their attitude.
0	That's not accurate.  All the OEM's CAD models are in metric (kg/mm).  Everything at the OEM level is metric.  The challenge lies in getting the huge supply base in the US to finally switch, which will cost a huge amount of money, and a lot of the resistance comes from the old timers & tool makers that just friggin refuse to switch.
0	I'm English and know very little about US politics, is there anyone who could do a little
0	Like wtf did you expect them to turn out to be?   He had no/neutral opinion. Alternatively, OP expected they wouldn't be cool about having a random stranger in their house (though let's be honest — would you?). Not to mention odds of random people you meet turning out 'cool' aren't really that high.   For example: we've had a new year's party. There's 5 of us in my primary group of friends. One of these four knows some more people, there were 6 of them who were interested in having a new year's party too.   December 31 rolls by, we get to the flat where we'd have the party. What happened? Split happened. Us five would be in one room (from time to time a person from the other group would come and hang with us), the others would be in another room. When me and the 4 people I knew the most went to them to... you know, hang out, they (all except one) eventually but quickly left somewhere else and we'd end up being alone again.   Verdict: while the other 6 weren't douches in any way (I'm still indifferent about them), I would never say they turned out to be really cool.   Yes but OP brought the race in it. Let's be honest — you'd feel awkward and out of place if you were in a room with unknown people that would look completely different than you to top it off.
0	No, it's not acceptable, it's not just "That's life", it's total BS and it sucks. I've been through long periods of unemployment - I was lucky enough to have a lot of money saved from previous employments so I never took government checks, nor were they four-year gaps, so it's not the same experience.   No one of those elements is enough to explain four years of failed job hunting. I don't know how many of my points apply to OP - obviously female, educated, and employment gap - but start putting them together and... well, you can see where this is going. I also didn't add "Lack of job-relevant experience", which I also can't speak of for OP since I don't know her job history.   You can believe it or not but the simple fact of the matter is that a good-looking young white male is simply more employable than anyone else in America, all other qualifications being the same. That's not to say that managers see a name like "Carlos" or "Kwame" and immediately reject the application. It's a lot more complicated than that, and a lot of it might happen without the hiring manager even knowing why they are doing what they are doing. Having either one of these drawbacks may prevent a manager from hiring you more than you might think.   I guess my point here is that a lot of little things can add up to make employment more elusive, particularly in times of general economic hardship. I could rattle off and qualify more factors - age, previous jobs, competition, personal emotional factors (OP did mention she went through a period of depression where she gave up on getting a job - shit, I would too if I had it that rough. I can only hope I never do)... but odds are few of these factors affect the general population of Reddit and so they are in effect "invisible". It doesn't affect you so it can't be a thing? Besides, I got a job in one week! And my boss is an asian woman, so those two aspects can't be that big of a factor, right? Right? Well shit, how long as Ms. Asian Lady Boss been in that position? How long did it take her to get there? And are you lucky enough to be in a liberal multi-cultural college town where that sort of thing is more likely?
0	Howdy! Getting into games is a fairly simple process! If you have a desktop computer that was made in the last 5 years, I can recommend a fairly popular puzzle game called portal! It is a breeze to pick up and play, and it is challenging enough towards the end to give you a sense of accomplishment. If you dont have a computer that can run it, I recommend picking up a earlier console called an N64. it was made by Nintendo entertainment in the 1990's and many of the games it has are iconic, cheap, and great party games (Mario kart 64 springs to mind) Even though it is dated, they are still pretty ubiquitous and very easy to find if you know where to look! A beautiful journey awaits you and your SO will be very surprised!
0	My Girlfriend grew up without a lot and basically as she describes 'poor', so whenever I get her something or do something for her she is very appreciative. It is refreshing to have someone who understands what you have to go through, how much of your life you give away for that ability to trade (in my case) some numbers stored on a bank computer for an item or service.   On the flip side, before her I dated a girl who never really worked in her life and still lived at home in her mid twenties without a job and her parents paid for everything. She did not respect the fact I had to work early in the morning or how little (At the time) I made.   I guess it is more of karma that after me and her break up and I get with my current gf that I get a new job making a lot more money and actually have some pocket change to spend on her; one of those spoils will be a trip to Europe.
1	i run then on kennen mid its op, i go boots 2 dorans blades then full ap often ppl get tricked into getting armor too lol. its only worth on kennen imo cause his ad scaling on W and the fact he aa's anyway to get his w up. and i still go magic pen blues and spell vamp quints cause ultimately i still go ap.
1	I think duo-ing greatly increase your chance of winning. You get at least 2 solid players that can play decently.   I'm currently trying to get higher by playing duo as much as possible
0	Here's my current situation: I was dismissed from school for bad grades this past spring semester. I haven't told my parents and have been pretending I'm still going to the same University. I was suspended for a year and hope to reapply to finish my degree, put this behind me, and make my parents proud. So here's what I've been up to... I'm a pretty bright individual, yet I was always too lazy to care about my grades. This fall semester I signed up for a full load of classes at a local CC where credits would transfer. I got my shit straight and grades are great. I've been telling my parents I was graduating in the spring (no chance in hell I was) hoping for something to happen. I was recently offered an internship position pretty far from home for the next 7 months. Told my parents that I couldn't pass up the offer and that I would have to delay graduation a semester. I really fucking hope I can graduate and just put this part of my life behind me without having to look like a failure in front of my parents... /fuck my life.
0	What is achieved by the "slap" (not necessarily a physical slap) is you have laid down what sort of behaviour is not acceptable from one of your bros. If the friend gets "pissy" at that point then chances are he's not much of a bro to begin with and thus bro code no longer applies. But not saying anything to your friend first is like handing over the keys to your drunk buddy and then calling the cops on them as they drive away. Is it the right move? Sure. Does it make you a ratting lil bitch? You betcha it does. Have the courage of your convictions to say something when it happens. By not saying something immediately to your friend you essentially endorse their behaviour.
1	Kassadin doesn't win most lanes because he either gets outpushed and outfarmed and as a result often even gets outroamed and then there's also the issue of strong MR item options like Athene's and Abyssal which shut down his damage.
0	I got a list of about 30 different sites, but for the most part, they all just post duplicates of most of the same jobs.     Monster and Careerbuilder are the best     Glassdoor somehow has more good, targeted jobs but not as many     engineeringclassifieds has decent listings but their search function is such crap it's nearly impossible to use     mostly I use recruiters like Aerotek, et al, but they mostly staff specific positions that (genuinely) require experience     ZipRecruiter is hit-or-miss but useful     Indeed and simplyhired don't have a way to filter out shit (basically the Pinterest of job searches), but do have some listings if you have the patience to sift through life insurance and personal trainer spam     What  you actually search for has an effect on the experience level you'll see.  Generally, listings for "engineer I" mean entry-level, "engineer II" are 3-5 years experience - you can exclude those search terms.   Any place that lists internships is an awesome place to apply - they're obviously looking for something entry-level.  If to get a callback, tell them you're considering grad school it really want to get into the workforce - maybe want to stay on full time or go back to school but not decided.   Some places just ask for too much - I swear they're delusional - like they want an engineer with 3-5yrs experience to relocate to some shit town for $55k, then they complain to the Dept of Labor complaining that there are no good engineers out there.   Some places  intentionally  ask for too much - like if they want to hire foreigners and get a work visa,
1	i agree and disagree, sure its more fun to play those but tha thing is, once its all 100% of a type och chapions in lane you start picking counters. and then you pick the counters counter and it keep going
1	Never on AD carry, the only one I'd consider using crit runes on is GP due to Parrrley's ridiculous crit damage.   AD carries have no skills that benefit from crits like that, only Miss Fortune and Ezreal (IIRC) even have skills that proc on-hit effects.
0	I was wondering about this too. But I think he means that although his wife is now much older than when they meet, she is still beautiful naturally/without makeup.
1	I don't get it. Corki was the best adcarry few months ago, with Ezreal. Everygame on high and low elo it was corki vs ez, and now? No one plays ez and corki.
1	Nothing was changed about his ultimate. His Q's base damage was reduced at later levels and the range reduced (very) slightly. The masteries are equally kind to all the ADs, so you can't say that's what made him powerful (also the fact that he became FoTM and never fell off before the mastery changes) - like I said, the only thing that happened with Lucian was people realized how to play him effectively.   Going back to the original point, nearly all of the champions released this year were inherently more complex than previous releases - especially in comparison to someone as simple as Sion. None of them are autoattack bots, not even Jinx. They may not be all be as complex as a Jayce or an Elise, but they're certainly better than you are making them out to be. We all want more champions, but after looking through the list of champions released in 2012 and seeing that the  majority  of them have all been nerfed heavily since release or are very buggy champions.. I think I like it how it is.
1	I'm not trying to dump on you.  But let me pull down my pants and get to work anyway."  Come on, man.  No one knows everything about every champion.  And even if they do, humans are allowed to make mistakes.
0	This isn't too surprising. [This link]( was posted on reddit about a month ago and essentially details how studies are saying severely homophobic people are actually self-phobic.
1	this is the least of Draven's problems. any frequent Draven player will tell you that you will 'feel' where your axes will land. 90% of the time you shouldn't need an indicator.   -While it would be nice to see where it lands, consider it a benefit. You know where the axe is headed better than the enemy. A huge problem with Draven since the blood nerf is that it isn't worth it to tell the enemy where you're going to stand in a second because you can't deal enough damage (unless youve already cashed out a few times and begun to snowball).   -
0	Yeah, I think it's ridiculous that this is the assumption.  I already posted this in reply to a semi-buried comment in here, but I'll throw it here for discussion purposes:   (Cheaters suspect people of cheating:) Untrue.   Source: In my teens and half my twenties I cheated on pretty much every person I had a relationship with. (Yes, I was a bad person. Somehow I was always able to justify the act in my mind.) One of my past GFs most common complaints? I was never jealous. Ever. I knew if I could cheat, then they also had similar opportunities, but I never had any reason to suspect it and I absolutely value people's privacy so don't snoop into shit.   On the other hand, I don't believe catching someone with proof of their infidelity is needed to leave someone. If you are already questioning whether somebody is faithful, and you continue to do so even after being reassured, the relationship just isn't worth it. Leave for your sake or theirs.  If you are constantly being accused and are not fooling around, same goes for you.
1	It doesn't "proc" on ranged. You must CS normally on Thresh which makes it harder since there is no "execute"
1	No. You need to give your passport to the embassy while you're waiting for visa. That can around a week (seven days). However, In between matches the players have 3-5 days (depending on when they travel in and out of Cologne).   Hence, if Gambit members were not to miss a single game, then the visa applications should've happened before the season started. However, they were informed about it mid season, which means that if Gambit even were to get the visas, then they would need to miss a few games on another week.   It was utter bullshit of riot to do in regards to Gambit. Not just a silly mistake for the reason that you wrote.
0	drink water during the week. seriously people, i binge pretty hard on weekends but i almost never get hangovers. and when i do, they are a little headache that goes away within an hour of waking up after i drink some gatorade. stop drinking soda all week for every meal and then getting upset about hangovers.
0	This. My grandfather was not a great dad or good husband, but he wasn't a bad man. The type of guy you'd be blessed to have as a friend but wouldn't want marrying someone you loved.   At the end my parents did take care of him, paid to put him in a nice home (he needed 24-7 care), visited him once a week and checked to make sure he was taken care of.   This was also around the same time I was getting my shit together and spent a lot of time with him (visits, trips to the doctor, etc.). Made a huge difference at the end of his life.   Some people change at certain periods in their life and at the end many aren't the same person. Heck, sometimes they can't even remember the shitty things they have done, leaving them wondering why they are dying alone.   If you have the chance, spend as much time with elderly family members as you can. If they were only sort of an asshole, try and suck it up and let it slide. In the least you won't have any regrets.   Now if they abused, neglected, did some horrible things you just can't let go? Well, I guess fuck em then. Yet at least visit once a month so your conscience is clear.
1	I had a ranked game earlier this week where I was playing as Nautilus, and had probably the most rough start I have ever had. The enemy team had a blitz so i decided to do my anti invade route starting at red figuring I they would go for my blue. Obviously they do and don't find me so half their team comes running straight to my red before I am able to finish it because my mid and top left after single autos. I go back and heal to head to their blue seeing talon bottom. Next thing i know both their top and mid come and jump me there because our lanes were being out pushed. I didn't get blue and had to blow my flash just to survive.   Now it was around the 4 minute mark and I was still level 1. Obviously both me and my team were very frustrated at this point. But instead of arguing, I say look I'm way behind and I need to farm to get levels play it safe and ward up. I started afk farming the small camps, and everytime a laner went to base I went to their lane to soak up as much exp as possible. Eventually I caught up to bot lane around the 15 minute mark and we were behind on towers and behind on kills in every lane except somehow bot lane. The enemy team highly underestimated me strength come the first real team fight and the power of a tank's cc. And they were too ballsy. Slowly but surely we forced objectives and in the end we won.
1	LoL was what truly converted me to a PC Gamer.  I'd "wished" I had enough money to build a gaming rig for basically as long as I can remember.  2 1/2 years ago I started playing league and stopped buying PS3 games back to back at $60 apiece per month... then realized I was spending more doing that then just upgrading my POS PC into a Superior PC Master Race Rig.
0	How is this an advise animal?  And tons of people who do great things have fucked up personal lives.  I mean MLK, Ben Franklin, JFK, Einstien had a shit ton of affairs but personally I think they had a lot of good lessons to depart.  Jack Kerouac died from vomiting too much blood, but I still love On The Road.  And while were on dying in vomit, let's talk about Jimi Hendrix, who I'm pretty sure more than a few people would say is a pretty cool guy, who died in a pool of his own vomit on accident while Mrs. Monroe did so on purpose to take her own life.  What's always annoyed me is when people look at someone famous who achieved a cult status (particularly when that someone is popular on a large scale, fucking contrainans) and are like man, I better point out everything that's wrong with that person so they seem less creditable.  Monroe's a sex symbol, and a tragic statement about both the fragility of beauty and the harsh realities of fame which personally I believe her affairs, marriages, and eventual death all coincide quite nicely with.
1	Trying to be constructive here...If the tone of my post comes off as aggressive it's not meant to be...just trying to point out where the faulty logic lies in your post.   1)  having a good score, in one game, against and unknown skilled opponent, means absolutely nothing for the viability of what a good build is for a champion.   2)  With the utility tree being improved I can see it becoming viable for AD champs to build 9/21 or 12/18...not going to argue with that, it's completely dependant on who you're laning against. If you're against a Leona or Zyra, you'd be retarded to go deep into utility as it's not got nothing to offer you.   3)  Your build isn't all that great and needs work. Cleaver is almost always going to be the worst way to upgrade a BF early on...BT is a FAR superior early item as it gives sustain, whereas Cleaver only offers benefit vs champs with lots of armor (which they won't be building early). IE is a great item on Cait, runaan's made me drool when I saw it and realized it would stack with her passive, PD is great as well since it provides crit chance and AS which mesh extremely well with cait's passive.   Pre-patch I rushed boots and PD or BT on cait depending on how lane is going and the playstyles of the enemy and my support. I honestly don't think you're item build is terrible and would work decently vs a lot of teams but the order is just atrocious...some better options, IMO are:   boots + pots > BF > finish boots and BT > PD > IE >  Runaan's > Cleaver   boots + pots > zeal + zerk boots > PD > IE > BT > Runaan's > Cleaver   Personally, I like to finish PD before I finish IE...without crit chance IE isn't being used to it's potential. It would also be interesting to rush a BT and then build Runaan's...extra passive stacks paired with BT's lifesteal and damage would make things interesting for sure.   ...just please don't recommend building a cleaver before the enemy is building/starting armor items...the reason you see high level players constantly checking things out with tab is so they can decide what items they should build according to what is best for the situation...Cleaver is really only a good item vs armor...it still gives desirable stats but there are better ways to put out damage if they aren't building armor and that's the point I'm trying to make.   Another very interesting item is going to be the new QSS upgrade that gives dmg on top of the QSS...same with the tried and true GA.   4)  cs and kills before fist death don't mean a whole lot without full context of the game.   5)  Level 30 means nothing...if you're claiming lvl 30 instead of total games played or ELO then it's obvious you have no credentials to back up your claims of such a strange build working out well.
1	I think a lot of players only looked at the range reduction and thought he'd be useless, but he's a champ that already gets pretty up close and personal in 1v1 situation to unload his burst. His early game is definitely a little weaker but they balanced that by giving his Q stronger waveclear so now he can have a safer laning phase if he's not able to start snowballing.   What's ridiculous about the change is that Riot's so bent on giving him a stronger sense of identity that they ignored what makes him OP and a universal pick on the professional scene - being able to scale as well and 1v1 late game ADC's that traditionally have weaker early games to compensate. Well his early games not really weaker just different, but now it's pretty hard to run yourself into mana issues in teamfights and his mobility is way more reliable. These two points give him way better damage potential to carry the mid into lategame and he's going to continue being a constant pick / ban because of it. Thanks based rito!
1	Well in my view if you believed you're argument and discussion was valid there is no reason to delete a comment. I will delete something I say if I feel I was in the wrong, I won't delete it if people just disagree. The reason people were downvoting you was not just because you held a different opinion... and forgive my arrogence if you take this as me being arrogant...   But they were downvoting you because you wern't presenting your argument in a logical or fair way. I was trying to give detailed analysis and fair comparisons of different alternatives, you seemed to keep saying "the slow is good." You never really answered any of my arguments as to why she should probably itemize for damage way before the slow. And look at what I pointed out, if her base damages are already so high, and you agree with me that health doesn't really matter, you're arguing that ALL you want from a 3k item is a slow, which i think is a big waste of 3k as a first item, and beyond that I would argue that you should go for a frozen mallet as the slow would be significantly better and more consistant.   I tried very hard to be reasonable and argue in a way where I gave fair ground, I feel that you didn't do the same to me, instead you simply stated the slow is more important than itemizing for damage, when you explained why you believed that (you said ganks in bot lane, and it helps you kill mid) I responded to both of those positions quite clearly. My answer wasn't responded to.   I would like to point out  that at the VERY beginning of this argument, I said that if it works for you, it works for you, and thats fine, keep building that way. My analysis was an attempt to go over how she will perform at a high level where players are equally skilled. You argued that some of my analysis was wrong which is what led us into this discussion that I am willing to have. I will never tell someone "YOU CAN'T BUILD THAT ITS TERRIBLE YOUR A NOOB TROLL FAIL NOOB." if they build something I disagree with, especially not just in casual normal games. After I stated "hey if it works for you thats fine" I assumed we were arguing about an optimal build path in general that would apply to competitive games as well as normals.   So now when you say   > My build was both viable and worked for me, (15 wins 3 loses)   then   > To each their own I guess.   I said that from the very beginning of this. My argument is that ryalis is not optimal as a starting item and that itemizing for damage is better, not that ryalis first is just not viable (viable being literal in the sense that it is not possible or REMOTELY a good idea) I would say that rushing a phantom dancer on zyra is not viable, There are tons of different items that are viable, we were discussing an optimal build for AP zyra, and what is optimal, not viable.   >FYI the downvote button on this reddit is for people who aren't contributing to the topic. It is NOT a disagree button.   I try to be very kind and generally respectful in my discussions with other people, however I feel that I have been more than fair in my discussion and I feel that you sort of kept coming back with things that were not contributing to the discussion. I still wanted to treat you with respect though, so I went through you're arguments and your points and fairly addressed your points.   I think the reason people may have been mass downvoting was because I was being quite specific and you seemed to be coming back with stuff that wasn't furthering the discussion. In essence, you felt like you were defending what you WANTED to be true. I'll go into a discussion with an open mind, and I did so with your ryali's first post. I knew LOTS of zyras get ryalis, its one of the most common items to see on her. So I actually checked her skills (I wasn't sure if plants procced the full slow or partial slow) and I actually considered how the lane would run with ryalis first. In the end I conlcuded the gold dropped into the item that early would leave you with WAY too little damage going into some of the first dragon fights and teamfights of the game. Even if we say you can get this 3k item by 13:00, a dragon fight can happen really quickly after that, and you're probably not going to be able to get a second major damage item (assuming you upgrade sorcs first) until around 20 minutes, which is fine in low elo, because 25 minutes is when people stop farming, but competitive teams will know the AP mid is weak, and even if they don't, usually teamfights start earlier than 20 minutes in my experience (Even in low elo)   Anyway, I tried to approach it objectivly and fairly, I think you may have been a bit too attatched to your idea. So did people probably agree with me? Yeah, but I think you came across as just saying "My way is the better way" with very little explanation or answers to my explanations.
0	Yes, but if my professor was terrible and made a preposterously difficult exam and/or didn't teach the class as well as he thought he did, I shouldn't have to suffer for this.   What should happen is students would get a refund for the tuition they paid (HAH) and have to take the class again with a better professor. But what if the same professor is the only one qualified to teach that course? And what if it takes him more two or three more tries to get it right? I have now lost about a year and a half of time when I could have been progressing in my education. The university cost me a year and a half of future income.   Ideally, professors would all be perfect in every way. I completely agree that a class average of 20% is a huge disservice to the students, but they'll get by. Personaly speaking, I'd rather move on in my degree and learn what I was missing outside of class when I need it. Lord knows we do plenty of that no matter how good our professors are.
1	From the rules it would be a 3-way tie and tiebreaker matches would happen:   "If no team in a tiebreaker holds a winning record against all other teams, the following structures will be used: 7.3.2.1 Three-way tie: A single round-robin will be played among the three teams. If this does not result in a hierarchical ranking of teams (i.e., distinct 2-0, 1-1, and 0-2 team records), then the three teams will be randomly drawn into a single-elimination bracket where one team has a bye into the finals."
0	Typically when people donate, they tend to care more what it's for then who is getting it and the whole logistics of how much is actually a donation towards that goal.   People won't actually think that these charities don't send ALL of their donations to fund that specific cause, and thus when it all comes down to it, if you want to donate you'll generally pick the first big established name in the charity game, and for Breast Cancer that's Susan B. Komen.
1	I have disposable income. I spend it on things to keep me entertained. I've probably spent $150+ on LoL - buying champs that look interesting when they come out - I take advantage of most of the sales - buy the occasional skin if I want it. I have ~400 games played. That's probably 200 hours on average. $0.75/hr is pretty cheap entertainment. :)   Is it necessary for success? Definitely not. Is it sweet having most of the champs unlocked, and playing them with the skins I like? It sure is. :D I love this game. I justify it because it makes me happy, and I'm having a blast. Would it be better to spend $10 on ... a movie ticket? Or volibear? Easy choice for me. That said - I'm in the fortunate position of not having to worry too much about $20 spent here and there on entertainment luxuries.
1	I played a couple of games on PBE today. It has a normal ban phase and then a 40 second pick phase for the champ. Then once the majority is called, you have 60 seconds to change your masteries, runes, and summoner spells.  Once in game, I was playing as luxs vs. rivens. One lux can proc the passive of another so that can exploited well. My nid vs blitz game didn't give me any secrets. It just made me hate nid more because that game seemed like hell for those blitzcranks.
1	I've have been playing rammus intensely since the end of season 2.  He was the champ that solidified gold, got me into plat, and helped boost me into diamond s4.  My current win rate is around that, 60 ish or so.  I've lost count.  I don't see Him played often but if people play him like I do they know how to play him.  Doesn't matter what the enemy team comp is, I simply know ways to build around it and still be effective.  He is incredibly underestimated.
1	To be perfectly honest i love facing Fiora as a top laner. Yes she becomes untargetable when she ults but thats why you learn how to counter play it. I personally like to take someone like a shen or lissandra against her and grab exhaust. When she dashes towards me i either e-taunt her right away as shen so that she takes a lot of minion aggro and i automatically win the trade or of I'm liss i w-stun her as soon as she comes in and then auto q auto kite. If I'm irelia, i e-stun then w and q away. If she comes close to me again i do the same, yes she may put dmg onto me but she can only kill you with her ult if you're low in health and if thats the case be prepared to exhaust her as soon as she dashes in because she will ult. >
0	Can confirm.   "Do I make you Randy baby?" was funny a couple times. Now it's like a station wagon; old and uninspired.   Same goes for that "Eat Randy" song.
1	I would not go as far as saying that Dignitas are scumbags but I would definitely say that Scarra's response was neither sportsmanlike nor gracious.   In all the finals I have seen, the loser has always acknowledged that they lost because of mistakes they made and also because the opponent simply played better. In the current instance, Scarra clearly disregarded how well TSM played and said they didn't prepare for the final and it was nothing that TSM did. This is clearly a lie as he previously said in the same interview that Dignitas probably practiced more that any other NA team, so why contradict yourself in the same interview just to downplay how well your opponent played? Scarra is a seasoned professional and he has played in enough tournaments to know the meaning of sportsmanship and being gracious even in defeat.   I think it was simply a case that Scarra felt embarrassed that he could not back up his predictions and not only that but the fact that the finals was a complete stomp. I remember the IEM Kiev final where TSM had expressed their desire to crush M5 but they ended up losing and as much as I know that burned Reginald in the interview he admitted that M5 played better.   If you were simply to look at Scarra's interview and Reginald's response, you might be inclined to say that Reginald's response was unnecessary but looking at Reginald's vlog and seeing that it was in fact a series of events stemming from before the match, to backstage and then to the interview, then I think Reginald's response although not very sportsmanlike was justified.
0	Enable pop support for your yahoo box, then tell your gmail account to go fetch email from it. It's in the gmail settings under accounts. Then start marking stuff as junk and soon gmail will step in and take care of things.
1	I promise you that you get just as many free wins from somebody on the enemy team dcing/afking, you simply don't notice it due to confirmation bias. The chances of somebody dcing/afking on their team is actually higher than the chances of somebody on yours dcing/afking (assuming you have a good connection and never afk), so over time it'll actually balance out in your favour. Grit your teeth and play better, I guarantee you that you make at least two dozen mistakes a game or more so what right do you have to bitch and moan about your team? All I ever hear in bronze/silver brackets is ppl complaining that they have garbage luck and that their teams are shit, well dude I'll tell you right now that I play like absolute trash and yet on my bronze smurf I am 20-3 right now. 5 of those wins were 4v5s or 3v5s, and in all 3 of those losses I was like 15/2... but in all 3 of those games I cost us the victory because I made way too many mistakes and if you are the dude who is carrying... making mistakes WILL and DOES lose you the game.
0	While I agree with you completely that most of this is for Karma, it IS an important issue. And I think part of the problem with American politics is that shit like this happens and everybody just forgets about it a few months later. (For example, when HSBC admitted to having spent something like 7 billion dollars on funding drug cartels and anti-american organizations. A lot of people saw it. Nothing was done. ['MURICA!](   While I hate the commercializing of a serious political issue (even for fake internet points), this is something that Americans need to be thinking about daily. Americans should at some point in their day think "shit the NSA isn't respecting my privacy. I wonder if anything is being done about it?" That leads them to restorethefourth.org or /r/restorethefourth and gives them more people for the peaceful protests.
1	If they have A lot of CC then I think Cleaver is better because you will want to get your combo off faster, so less AA's more E Q. If they have less CC auto attacks would be easier to get off so youmunus would be better. Youmunuus is also better for 1v1 scenarios so playing a split push zed you would want to build it over cleaver.
1	probably gunna get buried at this point but i used to be 800 elo (didn't really try and played champs for the first time in ranked, i know, im sorry about that) and one day i decided i had had enough and wanted to see how high i could get (elo not smoking). Long story short it was smooth sailing until i hit ~1200. WORST ELO EVER. literally trolls in every game. People new to ranked just play and afk all the time. It's insane, im in games with people who have played hundreds less games than me. I win every single lane i play and it has almost 0 outcome on the game. 1 person (on my team or the other) will literally go 0 - 9 in 15 minutes and then who ever got fed proceeds to destroy everyone in team fights. Assuming i win my lane (which i almost always do) I would give my team about a 55% chance of winning.
0	This is called "rubber ducking" in programming circles - if you can't explain the purpose of your code to a little rubber duck on your desk, then you need to rewrite it.
1	Because the other players are quite hyped. You can easily praise a lot of the Korean ADC players. I mean Imp essentially was praised for carrying his team and Pray has stupid amounts of talent.   Korea the ADC players often don't get to solo farm as much as objectives are much higher priorities. The play style the teams (mostly) focus on is one that does not allow the ADC to make flashy plays. Furthermore the champions that the ADC players in Korea tend to use also lead to less ability to make the big plays occur.
1	A psychologist is just a man or woman who TALKS to people and tries to help their mental state.  Esports players dont NEED professional psychologists to help them, they just need what all human beings need- some kind of support.   Sure, a psychologist would be ideal for this role, as they are trained in the art- however, a full-time team psychologist would probably demand a higher salary than most of the players.  Given the size of the e-sports industry, I don't think this is a financially viable option for 90% of teams   So, we dont NEED psychologists, but they certainly help.  Only reason athletic sports teams have them is because.... they can afford them!   instead of having a psych actually on-staff, perhaps the teams can just pay for weekly/monthly appointments if they see the value.  idk about you, but for 100k a year I'd rather fly in a couple koreans for the roster instead of a team psych
1	DST   dont be the guy who says "i cant carry" be the guy who is nice to his team, is calm when his team makes a mistake, and the guy who doesnt expect to carry, but just tries to aid his team in playing as a TEAM... you see what im saying??
1	You provide proof that OP is a toxic person. You provided no proof whatsoever why you shouldn't help toxic players reform instead of punishing them.   I don't necessarily agree with that comment, as I am a revenge-hungry asshole, but you still made a massive logical fallacy. Failure to type correctly also doesn't help, nor does "0/10 please try harder".   Addressing one of my points does not change anything about the other ones, and they still would be valid. Perhaps I made too many, so "sorry if its too much for you honey". Address all my points in a suitable manner or not at all. And certainly don't use an obviously false method of argumentation.
1	Ward objectives: just because you can get a free ward as a trinket doesn't mean you should. You should still be getting a ruby sightstone.   Map awareness of where their wards are: if your jungler pings he is coming in, sweep over their ward, but don't destroy it, so they can walk through. The enemy team will think you're just warding. Possibly even chase.   Zone for your adc through carefully timed pokes: when the enemy adc is about to last hit a minion, go in for a free auto attack and poke spell depending on your champion. Good zoning will help your ADC snowball. If you both hit 6 before they do, feel free to all-in and get your ADC a double kill.   General map awareness: a good support is constantly glancing at the minimap. We don't have to worry about CS so we have more time to do so. I can't count the amount of times I've been the one to ping MIA for mid or top. Your pings will single-handedly cut down the team death count.   Peel: every good support has some form of peel. Notice how I said good? Nid doesn't count. Annie? Stun. Sona? Power cord E. Leona? Taric? Thresh? Hell, I even count Soraka's E as peel as a 2s silence shuts down most chase.   Team fights: utility goes a long way. So does damage. With the added gold you just got a bit more of both of these. If you start ancient coin you get a speed boost for peel or chase. If you start the blue money item you have a targeted aoe slow. Ancient coin gives a shield and damage.   Vision: I know the post was to say vision isn't a thing any more, but it is. Learn to place your wards at just the right spot in the bushes with the green instead of the blue on your cursor and you'll be surprised. With good ward placement, which you have time for as you're not farming, you can earn 2-3s of extra vision per ward. Also, if you're aware of where the enemy support keeps placing theirs, buy a few pinks, and drop them at just the right time. The moment you clear their ward 2-3 of your team and sneak into their jungle.   If anything this patch made the vision war far more intricate and fun.
0	I'm gonna agree with everyone. Some of the coolest dudes I've met on nights out have been somewhere over the rainbow, some of the most annoying have been too. When people say 'too gay' it's closer to being 'too pushy'. This isn't limited to gays or men, it's something any person can be. Being too pushy, especially in a sexual way, is really off putting. Even more so if that person isn't someone you're sexually compatible with. I've seen girls push on gay guys, I've seen gay girls push on straight girls, I've seen guys push on straight girls who just weren't interested. It's that pushiness, regardless of sexual orientations or levels of femininity, that makes people uncomfortable. However, that said, that discomfort is escalated by clashing sexualities.
1	SC2 has been on the decline for a while now.  It doesn't draw enough viewers and has been out for a long time and hasn't fixed balance problems, quite to the contrary David Kim has worsened the game over time.
1	Which he could've done in the first place, because obviously he has the resources to crack those systems.   However I was just giving you an example of a situation in which a "hacker" does not have any malicious intent and is acting within the boundaries of the law.   But let's say I'm trying to convince you to trust a hacker (I'm not, but we can pretend)   I would tell you a hacker is not "a person who wants to steal acces to computer systems". It's simply a person who has a lot of knowledge about computer systems (and usually their security). So it is someone who potentially has the ability to do so.   Also you're saying he can "come back" into your systems and take whatever he wishes. Well, if that's the case you either didnt use the information you hired this white hat to obtain (logically, if you hire a whitehat you are going to plug the loopholes he finds) OR he kept behind information.   In both situations however, we are now apparently talking about someone who does have malicious intent, and is thus not to be called a white hat.   I'll leave you with this: a blackhat is to a lockpicking burglar, as a whitehat is to a locksmith. Do you mistrust a locksmith simply because he has the ABILITY to pick your locks?   (
1	I think Ao Shin will be pretty cool for League. Recently, over the last couple years, we've seen champion releases that push what we thought were the limits of what was possible mechanically within the game. Champions like Yasuo, Gnar, Azir, Velkoz literally broke the game on release, etc etc. In any case, I expect nothing less from Ao Shin, and I would wholeheartedly main any real dragon character Riot finally pushes out anyway.
0	I am a boidyke lesbian. That means soft masculine/butch. I generally take on that role by choice in average social interactions. Women don't hit on other people typically, except more masculine lesbians, who tend not to hit on each other. I would love for a pretty lady to come up and force me to kiss her and beg me to go to bed with her. My girlfriend lf four years barely wants me to do this, nevermind a stranger. Since she is more femme, she is usually the recipient of the hitting on. I more easily identify with what I don't want a dude to do because I don't much want dudes hitting on me. The key to good flirting is subtlety. Don't force it.
1	Now i remember this story - back to IPL4 qualifier - when this Xdude and his little friends trashtalked M5 in the lobby then the "LOL comment" in allchat and all this stuff. And at this time everyone just seen M5 trashtalking you, welldone kiddies. I'm really happy you got kicked and hope you ll never play LoL on a competitve level again. Bye Bye
1	Ive been playing a lot of draven (adc main for around a year) after having been playing vayne/ezreal/lucian/jinx, and i can say that he is a fucking MONSTER. He doesn't have an arcane shift but he can 3-shot enemy squishies once he's 2/0 (this is assuming you get your passive stacked up). The other thing ive noticed with draven is that ive been behind in multiple games, just farm to 150+ stacks and get one kill. You're now equal or almost equal with the enemy ad. Plus, stand aside is a bitch to get hit by. I think hes a safe pick for the most part too, i cant think of any -HARD- counters (cait v vayne for the auto range) that shit on him.
0	Whenever I've done this I've used MP3s or JPGs. I'm not sure where people got the idea, but it's always better to corrupt the actual .docx in a regular text editor because if the teacher has any clue what they are doing, they are going to open that "corrupted" .docx in notepad and look for xml references or other signature signs that an actual .docx would have, but not a .jpg or .mp3.
1	Does anyone else have issues logging in? I can't. The same exact thing happened with the initial fantasy league release --- simply couldn't login. I put in my credentials and captcha and the page just refreshes. No login errors, the page just refreshes?
0	The DNC list is helpful, but companies always find ways around it. For instance, I worked at a call center contracted to BoA (Bank of America). I sold privacy assist complete to people with BoA credit cards. If they asked to be put on the list, we had to tell them it could take up to 30 days for them to be put on the list, which means we would still be allowed and able to call them. THEN, there's also a little loophole that basically allows BoA to ignore the DNC list. Simply put, if you ask to be put on the DNC, then at any point after that you used your credit card, you would be removed from the DNC list. A vicious cycle that I had irate customers on my ass about every day. I used to just talk to people for as long as possible so I didn't have to take more calls. Complain to them about how terrible BoA was/is, etc. Fun times..
1	You didnt answer but this was exactly what i thought. Better
0	This is entirely correct. Thanks for being one to say so.   It is literally impossible for any one person to retain all the information (completely accurately at least) in their field. Especially medicine. Would you condemn the IT guy fixing your computer for looking up some information on your specific problem? He's not looking for a step by step guide, but maybe the exact directory of a file, or to see how other people came to their solution. Would you condemn a lawyer who checks online on sources he/she knows to be accurate to clarify a sub clause of a law so he/she doesn't fuck you over in court?   Fact of the matter is you aren't a doctor so you have no idea what his train of thought is when researching something quickly, and you are a fool to assume one man can accurately retain the ever changing science of the entire human body. Why do you think there are medical specialists? I would be upset if my doctor WASN'T double checking themselves before confirming their diagnosis.   Information these days is cheap, and its people like OP who are slowing the progress of resources available to professionals because they piss their pants if their doctor (or whoever) isn't the fucking compilation of all the information in their field. It may be news to these people that before the computer the doctors would sit and leaf through medical books for the same things, but infinitely slower.
1	The lore and the creative side is definitely covered. I would play it. But i don't know about the gameplay.   PvE? PvP? Of course you can make simple "kill XX porous and return their ripped out tongues to me" quests. But are there any big PvE enemies in the LoL Lore? Like WoW had Archimond, Illidan, Onyxia, Arthas etc.   Do you play a certain champion which is based on a role? Or phrased differently, can you pick one of the 117 champions and play them as if you are in a MMORPG? This would require A SHIT TON of work. Since a good balanced MMORPG would need more than 4 abilities on each character. Which would mean you need thousands of abilities, that all are customized on each champion and yet is balanced. Or do you play a human like Champion that regarding its role & race has some special abilities? (E.g. Yordle Tank. Special ability: Curse of the sad mummy)   Would PvE be instanced as well? For how many players?  Would PvP be like Capture the flag/Dominion?  What about E-sports? Is the LoL MMORPG Free2play? I do not think Riot would spend so much money into a MMORPG with only macro transactions.   Imagine: Summoners Rift, Twisted Treeline, Dominion, Howling Abyss. There is so much incredible Detail in the environment even though the gameplay in a moba is more important. It would require AGES to develop the whole world of LoL as an open world which satisfies the RIOT art standard.
0	100% agree. I was in a rut for about 6 years (12-18) and went through all the stops. They put me on Zoloft which just took away all the feelings(which isn't fucking normal.) I stopped it cold turkey when I was 17(I was on 200mg/day) and decided to join something. I walked into a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu school and never looked back. I got into shape(That helps a lot with depression) and made essencially a new family through the school. They knew my situation and my instuctor called me every night to "Go over my day." Some people actually do care, and it's about srrounding yourself with those people. With BJJ, I've emmersed myself in it and haven't been this happy my whole life. If you REALLY WANT a change, change something. Only you can can get yourself out of the rut which is sad but true. Jesus christ did I just vent like a motherfucker, my bad.
0	Yeah, I shared an apartment with my girlfriend for a while, the shower was so small and cramped, sharing wasn't fun and sex was impossible. It was a race to finish showering so we could get to the bed and get to the fun stuff.   But then, then we went to see my folks and tried the master shower. Two shower heads, enough room for 2 people to do jumping jacks, and a bench for activities. There was still the issue of lubricant, but we made it work in the neighborhood pool so we made it work in the shower.
0	Morality   >We made the decision ourselves, because of our  natural morality , to punish those who rape and kill and steal and to reward and praise those who do good. God had nothing to do with it.   There is no such thing as natural morality. What is this even supposed to mean ? Under genghis khan thousand were raped, millions murdered that was normal an a non issue for them. They had different natural morality i suppose? Who defines this natural morality? The Nazis were euthanizing entire races. Was this their natural moralitly? Iam not sure you even understand the moral dilemma Atheists face. There is no guideline for good or bad. You say:   >So no, I don't have a dilemma. I think rape is bad because I want good things for all my fellow humans, and being raped is not something I wish upon them.   What does this mean you want good things for all people? What are good things? Who defined good things? Rape is not good? How so ? In animals rape is common, are these "bad" animals? Where do you draw the arbitrary line? I dont think you understand what morals without god means. If you would have bin born in mongolia under Khan you would have raped your way through eastern europe without questioning it a second, this would have been your  morals  . Morals how you define them are jsut arbitrary temporary rules. Right?   Cause of the universe   >The proper question, of course, would be "How did the universe come to be?" Scientists have a certain amount of knowledge, currently dating back to a certain point in the history of the universe (astrophysics was never something I read much about, so I don't know specifics, of course). It is a question being explored in-depth, and amazingly, nothing that has been found has indicated the involvement of a supernatural deity. The popular follow-up to this is, of course, "Well who caused the Big Bang?" and the answer is obviously that we do not know right now. We don't know what happened before that, if there even WAS a "before that," but to conclude that lack of knowledge = deity only reinforces the notion that God is the god of rapidly dwindling gaps of knowledge.
0	Don't know where you live OP but 'round my area if you put on a robe after a shower you will need another shower.
1	I'm sorry but I can't stand to watch this guy's stream. He's always doing something obnoxious or weird and focusing too much on replying to every viewer in the chat, consequently distracting him from the game. Most of all, his rage reminds me of some bronze/silver kid. Playing master yi has probably generated in him some god syndrome due to the nature of the champion so each time he doesn't get a penta he rages like a 12 year old.
1	But then he wouldn't really be nasus anymore. Imo the thing that makes nasus nasus is the feeling of being weak early, but if he gets to farm for a while he will hit like a truck regardless of how everyone else is doing. Streamlining him would make him just another bruiser with an aoe ability, a cc ability, an aa modifier and a tanky ulti.   Imagine if they tried to make vayne or kogmaw or shaco balanced between early game and lategame, it would remove half the fun of those champions.
0	Nah. My good friend thought my sister was cute, and asked me if I would mind if he made a move on her. He is a good guy, who I knew wouldn't manipulate or abuse her, and since they were both consenting adults I said go for it.   I wouldn't be friends with him if I didn't trust him, though walking in on her slobbing his knob at a house party isn't something I ever want to repeat.
1	Shaco is in a weird spot. If he's on your team you'll think fck shaco. If he's on the enemy team you'll think fck shaco.
0	Actually you and I can both be correct, depending on the culture of the workplace. If a particular company or department is mired in petty ambition and politics, you will find yourself in exactly the position that you've outlined here. If your department is built on a foundation of trust and mutual respect, our process can work quite well. Like all human systems, it can be flawed, but it can work well for some.   I suppose it's fair to mention that our IT department is composed of six individuals and our corporate office probably doesn't house more than sixty employees. This makes for a close environment where personal relationships matter quite a bit. This means that if we hire an individual with whom we don't feel comfortable, too bad for us, there's no escape. Mind you, this is IT, we're not looking for extroverts or socializers, but we are certainly on the lookout for people who might exude significant amounts of negative force. We want someone who can be a part of the team, who can collaborate, is willing to listen, to learn, and to teach when necessary. And we want someone who doesn't make us dread coming to work every day.   >Yes, except that it's a horribly flawed way to do it. I've seen plenty of people in similar situations say a potential hire shouldn't get the job because they are more intelligent and / or harder working and will make the current employees look bad. What rational person would vote to hire a new employee that might get promoted over you or cause you to lose your job due to their performance being superior?   This isn't the norm, but it isn't necessarily uncommon either. It depends on the culture and the practices of the company. There isn't much internal competition in my department and we service so many retail locations that hiring someone unqualified (for any reason, whether personal or political) could sink us. This is us, but not everyone. My father's workplace is the epitome of the flawed system you've described, and they'll require a system that works better for them. So, I don't disagree with you, it's just different strokes for different folks.
1	Im really neutral about this idea.   Ways I see it working. At the end of the game instead of having the leave game, or whatever button that appears once the nexus explodes, Five buttons would appear. Each of these buttons will represent an individual player from the winning team (also on the button you will be able to see final game stats KDA, CS, and if they want to get super fancy they can even put turret/baron/dragon kills.) Selecting the player that you feel deserves MVP will exit players to the client exactly like the leave game button does now.   Say you arent allowed to vote for yourself, thats still fine because there are still 9 other votes that could go in your favor.   I agree that a little added incentive to not flame in chat could do very good things for the community.   Another tricky situation would be combatting premade mvp boosting. I feel that the only way such a system could work is if it was only implemented in ranked games, where you could only potentially lock in one vote from your duo queue partner, but 8 other votes would pretty much ensure that the best player gets the majority anyways.
0	I tried for nearly a year with a friend of a friend. She didnt want anything to do with me until another girl who was sort of in the circle of friends got really attatched to me.  I actually realized i didnt want either of them.  One wasnt good enough and the other had felt the same way about me previously.
1	Good idea, but I wouldn't bank on that. You're expecting too much from the community. More people would be complaining that they don't want the extra feature/too lazy. Why else would we need
1	Of the possible changes I have seen, this is probably my least favorite. It gives every ad champ Cait's passive. It would make laners kill each other way too quickly as soon as they get one crit item. Bot lane would just revolve around getting the crit up and then harassing on the crit. Being able to guarantee double damage at will would shorten the amount of time laners get to farm. It would also make Cait even more absurdly strong in early lane (Cait is my main ADC and I think this would make her way too strong) because even with the 1 crit rune people take she can deal half of a targets hp every few minutes.
1	I read half of this before I stopped.   Your warning is well given, but the reality of it "A warning to people entering real life contracts"   It's just like what happened with Machinima, a company gets a bunch of primarly teenagers or tweens that do not have proper understanding of contracts and of whom most do not get a lawyer to review in detail any contracts before signing, and then get boned up the ass because their contract turned out to be shitty.   The
0	I believe what OP was trying to say is that mainstream rap used to be about real issues where as mainstream rap now is about shallow crap and partying. but as he said it your point stands correct.   though I do think its funny his name is motley crue, in the 60's most mainstream rock was much more serious shit and less about just getting high and fucking chicks and in the 80's shitty hair bands like motley crue flooded the radio with shallow garbage.   so
1	I'm really surprised that the nerfs were as slight as they were.  Lulu is one of my favorite champions (my main in dominion, and I play a lot of dominion, where she is OP :O), and was sad when pros started realzing her power because I knew nerfs would come.  That being said these nerfs are not bad AT ALL.  She never NEEDED lich bane, thats just what put her over the top.  The recent nerfs only hit her E, albeit pretty hard. (100 less base damage max rank E).  She'll still be one of the better mid/top laners IMO.  I think its her W AP scaling ratio (that they nerfed and reverted back) is what makes her really strong late game.  That'll get hit next patch though if LCS continues to pick her mid.
1	I understand your argument about skewed risk vs reward factors and agree about that part but other champions like teemo/karthus/poppy for late game and renekton/Yorick/Lee early game are designed to be powerful in their respective parts of the game and that does not necessarily make the game less fun. Vsing karthus/poppy/teemo is no different than vsing other late game oriented champions, you have to beat them early, its a race against time sort of, why can't that be fun? Its fun in other games, especially single player RPGs, just because a human is on the other side does not make it less fun. I find it exciting, thrilling and a fun challenge going against those champions knowing that I must shut them down early for my teams sake otherwise they will beat you late, and itsincredibly rewarding when you do. You should not confuse general strength and the stress that comes with going against a strong opponent with "unfun" champion kits. In a competitive scene there will always be a sore loser and general frustration of being behind, and that always comes with the other side of that coin as well.   What I'm saying is that most of the time the "unfun" parts of the game and the "fun" parts don't come from the champions and their kits, while they are the foundation for it, they come from the excitement and challenge of playing another player on equal skill level. When you have a very enjoyable engagement or game you usually don't think "wow these champions are so equally balanced that was really fun!" You're usually thinking, or at least should be "wow that player really gave me a run for my money" or vice versa.
1	My main criticism is they you are building a melee DPS as a glass cannon, I personally go Wriggles-Brutalizer- Banshees-> Sunfire/Thronmail-> finish up with Bloodthirster and black cleaver(by selling my wriggles and brutalizer) boots are a personal choice I find.
0	My department has been testing several different body-worn cameras (TASER Axon Body, MUVI, and a cheap GALLS brand) and they have proven invaluable in ensuring convictions and curbing complaints - the latter not because we change the way we behave, but because our behavior  and  that of the complainer is captured.  Twice since we've been testing these cameras, I've sat across from someone who filed a complaint on my while we reviewed video of the incident...and both times, after the conclusion of the video, the complainer got up and left without saying a word.   The reason these haven't already been universally deployed is not because there's some huge conspiracy and we're afraid to have our actions videotaped...but rather for some of the most obvious and logical reasons that people seem to ignore:     1: It's still a relatively new technology.  It's hard enough, in any level of government, to approve the purchase of new technology.  You have to draft proposals for your governing body (City Council, Trustees, etc.) and "sell" the idea to them.  It gets caught up in the bureaucratic rigamarole just like everything else.  Surprisingly to some, government isn't very efficient sometimes.     2: As the technology is still relatively new, they're still fairly expensive, and money's tight all over right now.  For an 80 man department, you're not only talking about the purchase of 80 cameras, but also the software, charging/data transfer equipment, and training.  Everything we implement, be it technology or training, is done with litigation in mind.  To field a bunch of cameras without having each officer go through standardized and  documented  training in their use and implementation would result in every video recorded being deemed inadmissible in court.     3: Reliability.  There are plenty of options out there, but few are really "cop-proof."  I need a camera that's waterproof, won't pop-off when I'm wrestling with someone, won't get in the way of any of my other equipment, won't stop working when I need it most, and has a long battery life.  It needs to be easy to operate, not so much because of how stupid I am, but because in a fight-or-flight situation, I'm going to start losing fine motor skills.     4: Let's talk software.  Actually, let's talk  evidence.   The video recorded by these devices is  evidence , and any evidence has strict chain-of-custody requirements.  Few of these camera systems (the TASER line of cameras being an exception) have a system in place for handing chain-of-custody for video evidence.  The cheapest cameras have nothing in place to prevent someone - be it an officer, evidence technician, or someone else - from tampering with or deleting the video.  The TASER line of cameras employ the Evidence.com website and cloud storage.  The video is uploaded to Evidence.com, and can only be edited, deleted, or otherwise manipulated by authorized users (ex: Chief, Captain, etc.)  TASER has an army of lawyers available to vouch for the security of their data storage.  Lawyers cost money...ergo, signing on for TASER cameras is pretty damned expensive.       All that being said, the TASER Axon line of cameras is really the only viable option right now.  The Axon FLEX is garbage, and falls off of almost every available mounting system.  The Axon BODY is the only real option, and that's still $300 a pop for just the hardware - that doesn't include the Evidence.com membership, training, and other necessary hardware and software.  When you add all of that up, put it in a proposal, and present it to your governing body...at least in my experience thus far, the benefits don't seem to be worth the cost (to them, anyway.)
