1	Did they not lose 6 games in a row? Just because you're close for some of the matches, does not mean you are not much weaker than that team. I love Arkansas razorbacks football. 2 years (I think) we lost to Alabama and LSU with a field goal we missed from less than 40 yards. This year we lost 52-0 to Alabam. Our team is not young and we are 8. Our back player did get injured against UL monroe, but that does not make up 49 points.
1	Didn't they lose 6 games in a row? Just because you're close in some games doesn't mean you're not much weaker than that team. I love Arkansas razor football. 2 years (I think) we lost to Alabama and LSU and we missed a field goal from less than 40 yards. This year we lost to Alabam 52-0. Our team is not young, we are 8th. Our quarterback did get hurt against UL Monroe, but it was less than 49 points.
1	Haven't they lost 6 games in a row? Just because you're close for some games doesn't mean you're not much weaker than that team. I love Arkansas Razorbacks football. 2 years (I think) we lost to Alabama and LSU by a field goal we missed from within 40 yards. This year we lost to Alabam 52-0. Our team is not young and we are ranked 8th. Our quarterback got hurt against UL Monroe, but that doesn't add up to 49 points.
1	Didn't they lose 6 games in a row? Just because you’re close for some games doesn’t mean you’re not much weaker than that team. I love Arkansas razorbacks football. 2 years (I think) we lost to Alabama and LSU with a goal from the game that we missed with less than 40 yards. This year we lost to Alabama 52-0. Our team is not young, and we are in 8th place. Our quarterback got injured against UL Monroe, but that doesn’t make 49 points.
1	Did they lose 6 games in a row? Just because you're close to some games doesn't mean you're not that weaker than that team. I love Arkansas Razor Bucks football. Two years (I think) we lost to Alabama and LSU by a field goal that we missed from less than 40 yards. This year I lost to Alabam 52-0. Our team is not young and is ranked 8th. The quarterback was injured against UL Monroe, but not 49 points.
1	Did they lose 6 games in a row? Just because you're close to a few games doesn't mean you're not much weaker than that team. Arkansas razorbacks love football. We lost 2 years at Alabama and LSU with a field goal that we missed for less than 40 yards. This year we lost 52-0 at Alabam. Our team is young and we prefer 8. In our fourth against UL Monroe wound up, but he doesn't make 49 points.
1	Did they not lose 6 games in a row? Just because you're near any of the matches does not mean you are not much weaker than that team. I love Arkansas razorbacks football. 2 years (I think) we lost to Alabama and LSU with a field goal that we missed from less than 40 yards. This year we lost to Alabam 52-0. Our team is not young and we are ranked as 8. Our quarterback was injured against UL monroe, but it does not amount to 49 points.
1	Didn't they lose 6 games in a row? Just because he's close to some of the games doesn't mean he's not a lot weaker than that team. I love Arkansas Razorbacks football. 2 years (I think) we lost to Alabama and LSU on a field goal we missed from less than 40 yards. This year we lost to Alabama 52-0. Our team is not young and we are ranked 8th. Our quarterback got hurt against UL Monroe, but that doesn't add up to 49 points.
1	Did they not lose 6 matches in a row? Just because you are close to some of the games does not mean that you are no weaker than that team. I love Arkansas football razorbacks. 2 years (I think) we lost to Alabama and LSU with a field goal that we missed from less than 40 yards. This year we lost to Alabam 52-0. Our team is not young and we are in 8th place. Our back defender was injured against UL monroe, but that does not include 49 points.
1	Defeated 6 games in a row? Just because you are close to some of the games does not mean that you are not as weak as that team. I love Arkansas football razorbacks. 2 years (I think) we lost to Alabama and LSU with a goal that we scored less than 40 yards. This year we lost to Alabam 52-0. Our team is no longer young and we are ranked 8th. Our quarterback was injured against UL monroe, but that doesn't take away 49 points.
0	I warn of a wall of text here. Actually, there is a pretty good explanation for this phenomenon. This is what we call in marketing brand. This is the creation of a brand. A trademark is in turn "A person, name, term, design, symbol or any other characteristic that identifies one seller's property or service other than that of other sellers." This is according to the American Marketing Association. Now in this case it has to do with personal branding. Rein, Kotler and Stoller (1987) define a celebrity as "A person whose name has attention-grabbing, interest-bearing, profit-generating value". By using a celebrity for empowerment in campaigns, you can achieve something called co-branding. This means that the name of a famous person is used to endorse a particular politician or party. This is the same thing that Nike does with Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods, for example. They use their names, big names in their specific fields, to endorse different types of products to give them more exposure. Say you want to sell a shoe. If you see two ads, one with just the shoe and one with Michael Jordan (or whatever celebrity knows about), you'll more or less always pay more attention to the one with the celebrity. Okay so now we've covered the basics. Now we come to word of mouth or as we are here online we talk from word to mouse. Because of the nature of politics, I mean by that it's an area that very few people actually know that much about and the information can be ambiguous, they look at so-called opinion leaders. These opinion makers can be more or less anyone. For example Steven Colbert, Bill O'Riley, Engadget, Ray W Johnson or whatever ... someone people look up to for some kind of information that they are too lazy to find out for themselves and that gives them the information they need think they need. Suppose you know jack shit from politics and you're a big fan of Madonna, then you'll most likely think that Madonna is probably doing something. So instead of figuring things out for yourself, you vote like Madonna because you "know" Madonna and you like her, so she's probably right. This means that Madonna is your opinion leader in this case. The same goes for basically all other brands, both for intangible and tangible "products". I can probably keep writing about this stuff all day, but I think you get the picture out of this.
0	I'm warning of a wall of text here. Actually, there is a good explanation for this phenomenon. This is what we call branding in marketing. This is the creation of brands. A brand, in turn, is "a person, name, term, design, symbol, or any other characteristic that distinguishes one seller's goods or services from those of other sellers." This is according to the American Marketing Association. Now in this case, it's about personal branding. Rein, Kotler, and Stoller (1987) define a celebrity as "a person whose name has the value of attracting attention, attracting interest, and generating profit". By using celebrity endorsements at events, you can achieve what is known as co-branding. This means that the celebrity's name is used to support a specific politician or party. It's the same thing Nike did with Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods. They use their names, big names in their specific fields, to endorse different kinds of products, giving them more exposure. Suppose you want to sell shoes. If you see two ads, one for shoes and one for Michael Jordan (or any celebrity you know), you will more or less always pay more attention to the one with the celebrity. OK, now we've covered the basics. Now we come to word of mouth, or when we're online here, we're talking about mouse word of mouth. Because of the nature of politics, I mean, it's an area that very few people really know, and the information can be ambiguous, and they look to so-called opinion leaders. These opinion leaders can be more or less anyone. Like Steven Colbert, Bill O'Riley, Engadget, Ray W Johnson, or anyone else...people look for some kind of information they don't bother to find about themselves that gives them the information they think they need. Now say you know a lot about politics, and you're a big Madonna fan, then you're likely to think Madonna might be doing something. So instead of finding stuff yourself, vote like Madonna, because you "know" Madonna and you like her, so she's probably right. That means Madonna is your opinion leader in this case. The same goes for basically all other brands, both intangible and tangible "products". I'll probably keep writing this stuff all day, but I think you can get pictures from it.
0	I warn for a wall of text here. In fact, there is a pretty good explanation for this phenomenon. This is what we call branding in marketing. It is the creation of a brand. A trademark in turn is "a person, name, term, design, symbol, or other characteristic that identifies a seller's good or service as distinct from those of other sellers". This is according to the American Marketing Association. Now, in this case, it has to do with personal branding. Rein, Kotler and Stoller (1987) define a celebrity as “a person whose name has value that attracts attention, arouses interest and generates profits”. By using a celebrity for endorsement in campaigns, you can achieve what is called co-branding. This means that a celebrity's name is used to endorse a particular politician or party. It's the same as Nike for example with Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods for example. They use their names, big names in their particular fields, to endorse different types of products to give them more exposure. Say you want to sell a shoe. If you see two ads, one with just the shoe and one with Michael Jordan (or any celebrity you know), you're more or less always going to pay more attention to the one with the celebrity. Okay so now we've covered the basics. Now we come to word of mouth or as we are here online we are talking about word of mouth. Due to the nature of politics, by this I mean it is an area that very few people actually know about and the information can be ambiguous, they turn to so called opinion leaders. These opinion leaders can be more or less anyone. For example Steven Colbert, Bill O'Riley, Engadget, Ray W Johnson or whatever... someone people are looking for some kind of information that they are too lazy to find themselves and who gives the information they think they need. Now, let's say you know a lot about politics and you're a huge Madonna fan, then you'd probably think Madonna is probably onto something. So instead of finding out things for yourself, you vote like Madonna, because you "know" Madonna and like her, so she's probably right. That means Madonna is your opinion leader in this matter. The same goes for virtually every other brand, both for intangible and tangible "products". I could probably go on writing about this all day, but I think you get the picture of this.
0	I warn against the text wall here. In fact, there is a pretty good explanation for this phenomenon. This is what we in marketing call branding. It’s brand building. A brand, on the other hand, is "a person, name, expression, design, symbol, or any other feature that identifies one seller's goods or services as different from those of other sellers." This is according to the American Marketing Association. Now in this case it has to do with personal branding. Rein, Kotler, and Stoller (1987) define a celebrity as "a person whose name has value for attracting attention, interest, and making a profit." By using a celebrity to support your campaigns, you can achieve something called co-branding. This means that the name of a celebrity is used to support a particular politician or party. It’s the same thing that Nike, for example, works with Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods. They use their names, big names in their specific areas, to support different types of products to give them more exposure. Say you want to sell a shoe. If you see two ads, one with just a shoe and one with Michael Jordan (or any celebrity you know), you’ll more or less always pay more attention to the one with the celebrity. Okay, now we've covered the basics. Now we come word of mouth or as we are here online we are talking about surrender. Due to the nature of politics, by that I mean an area that very few people actually know that much about and information can be ambiguous, looking at so-called opinion leaders. These opinion leaders can be more or less anyone. For example Steven Colbert, Bill O'Riley, Engadget, Ray W Johnson or whatever ... someone whom people ask for some information that they are too lazy to find out for themselves and who give them the information they think they need. Now say that you know politics well and that you are a big fan of Madonna, then you will most likely think that Madonna is probably on to something. So instead of finding out for yourself, you vote like Madonna because you “know” Madonna and you like her, so she’s probably right. This means that Madonna is your opinion leader in this case. The same is true for all other brands, both intangible and tangible "products". I could probably keep writing about these things all day, but I think you got a picture out of this.
0	It warns that there is a text wall here. In fact, there is a pretty good explanation for this phenomenon. This is what we call branding in marketing. That is the creation of the brand. A brand is "a person, name, term, design, symbol, or other feature that identifies a seller's goods or services as different from those of another seller." This is due to the American Marketing Association. In this case, it has to do with personal branding. Rein, Kotler and Stoller (1987) define a celebrity as "a person whose name is intriguing, intriguing, and profitable." By using celebrities for nominations in your campaign, you can achieve what is called a brand alliance. That is, celebrity names are used to endorse a particular politician or political party. This is the same as what Nike does with Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods, for example. They support using their names, big names in their particular field, to endorse different types of products to give them more exposure. Let's say you want to sell shoes. If you see two ads, one is just shoes and the other is Michael Jordan (or a celebrity you know), and you'll be more or less always paying more attention to celebrity ads. Now, I explained the basics. Now that we're coming to word-of-mouth or online here, we're talking about mouse language. Due to the nature of politics, we are looking at so-called opinion leaders because it is an area where few people really know much and information can be ambiguous. These opinion leaders can be more or less anyone. For example, Steven Colbert, Bill O'Riley, Engadget, Ray W Johnson, and others are looking for some kind of information that can be a hassle to find themselves and provide the information they think they need. Now, if you know the jackpot about politics and say you're a big fan of Madonna, you probably think Madonna is probably working on something. That is, instead of finding something for yourself, vote like Madonna. She "knows" Madonna, so she likes Madonna, so she's probably right. So, in this case, Madonna is your opinion leader. The same is true for both intangible and tangible "products", basically for all other brands. I can probably keep writing about this all day long, but I think you'll get a picture from now on.
0	I suggest this text for the wall. Indeed the explanation of this phenomenon is sufficient. This is what we call branding in marketing. that is a brand creation. A brand on the other hand is "the person, name, term, design, symbol, or anything else that recognizes the seller's good or service distinct from other vendors". This is according to the American Marketing Association. But in this case it belongs to the personal notion. Bastian, Kotler and Stoller (1987) define celebrity as "a person whose name is engaged in acquiring, studying, and generating value for profit". By using a celebrity subscription you can create something called co-branding. The name of a celebrity means that it is recommended to a particular politician or faction. This is the same as for example with Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods. They use names, big names in their particular fields, in order to recommend different types of products to give a more detailed explanation. Say you want to sell a shoe. If you've seen two publications, one with a cute shoe, and one with Michael Jordan (or any celebrity you know), you should always pay more or less attention to one with a celebrity. Alright, so now we covered the basics. Now we come to the voice or while we're here online we're talking about the word mouse. Because of the political nature, I say that because very few people know much about ambiguous information, they look to that opinion. This opinion may be more or less prominent. For example, Steven Colbert, Bill O'Riley, Engadget, Ray W Johnson or what ever... people look for any information, are too lazy to explore themselves and what information they think they need. Now that you know what to say about the state's shit cast and you're a huge Madonna fan, then you'd most probably probably think Madonna was something. So instead of finding out you're voting for Madonna as a Madonna, you know that Madonna "knows" and likes her, so she's probably right. Madonna means that she is your ideal leader in this case. The same is true for most other notes, both for tractable and tangible effects. I could probably write about this stuff all day, but I think you'll get it from this picture.
0	I warn against a wall of text here. There is actually a pretty good explanation for this phenomenon. This is what we in marketing call brand building. It is the creation of a brand. A brand is in turn "A person, name, concept, design, symbol or other function that identifies a seller's product or service as different from other sellers'." This is according to the American Marketing Association. Now in this case it has to do with personal branding. Rein, Kotler and Stoller (1987) define a celebrity as "A person whose name has attention-grabbing, interesting, profit-generating value". By using a celebrity for support in campaigns, you can achieve something called co-branding. This means that the name of a celebrity is used to support a particular politician or party. This is the same as Nike does with Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods, for example. They use their names, big names in their special field, to support different types of products to give them more exposure. Say you want to sell a shoe. If you see two ads, one with only the shoe and one with Michael Jordan (or which celebrity you know), you will more or less always be more aware of the one with the celebrity. Okay, now we've covered the basics. Now we come to the word of mouth or as we are here online we are talking about the word of mouth. Due to the nature of politics, by that I mean that it is an area that very few people actually know so much about, and the information can be ambiguous, they look to so-called opinion leaders. These opinion leaders can be more or less anyone. For example, Steven Colbert, Bill O'Riley, Engadget, Ray W Johnson or whatever ... some people look for some kind of information they are too lazy to find out for themselves and that gives them the information they think they need . Now say that you know shit about politics and that you're a big fan of Madonna, then you'll probably think Madonna is probably into something. So instead of figuring things out yourself, you vote like Madonna, because you "know" Madonna and you like her, so she's probably right. This means that Madonna is your opinion leader in this matter. The same applies to almost all other brands, both for intangible and tangible "products". I could probably keep writing about this all day, but I think you get the picture of this.
0	I'm warning of a wall of text here. Actually, there is a very good explanation for this phenomenon. This is what in marketing we call branding. That is creating a brand. A brand, in turn, is "a person, name, term, design, symbol, or any other characteristic that identifies one seller's good or service as distinct from those of other sellers." This is according to the American Marketing Association. Now in this case it has to do with personal branding. Rein, Kotler and Stoller (1987) define a celebrity as "a person whose name has a value to attract attention, arouse interest and generate profit". By using a celebrity to endorse campaigns, you can achieve something called co-branding. That means a celebrity's name is used to endorse a particular politician or party. This is the same thing that Nike does for example with Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods for example. They use their names, big names in their particular fields, to endorse different types of products to give them more exposure. Say you want to sell a shoe. If you see two ads, one with just the shoe and one with Michael Jordan (or any celebrity you know), you're almost always going to pay more attention to the one with the celebrity. Alright, now we've covered the basics. Now we're getting to word of mouth or, since we're here online, we're talking about word of mouth. Because of the nature of politics, I mean it's an area that very few people know much about and information can be ambiguous, they look to so-called opinion leaders. These opinion leaders can be more or less anyone. For example, Steven Colbert, Bill O'Riley, Engadget, Ray W Johnson or whatever... someone who people look to for some kind of information that they're too lazy to find on their own and who gives them the information they think they need. they need. Now let's say you know shit about politics and you're a huge fan of Madonna, then chances are you think Madonna is probably onto something. So instead of figuring things out for yourself, you vote like Madonna, because you "know" Madonna and you like her, so she's probably right. That means Madonna is your opinion leader on this one. The same is basically true of all other trademarks, both for intangible and tangible "products." I could probably go on writing about this stuff all day, but I think you get the picture of this.
0	I warn you with a text wall here. There is really a good explanation of this. This is what we in marketing call a brand. That is the design of the brand. The label in turn is "a person, name, word, structure, symbol, or any other element that identifies a seller's product or service as being different from that of other retailers." This is according to the US Marketing Association. Now in this case it has to do with personal branding. Rein, Kotler and Stoller (1987) define a celebrity as "a person whose name has an interesting, attractive, profitable value". By using a celebrity for approval in a campaign you can achieve something called co-branding. That means that the name of a celebrity is used to endorse a particular politician or party. This is similar to what Nike for example does with Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods for example. They use their names, big names in their specific fields, to approve different types of products to give them more exposure. Say you want to sell a shoe. If you see two ads, one with only one shoe and the other with Michael Jordan (or any celebrity you know) you will always be more or less attentive to the one with the celebrity. Okay so now we have addressed the basics. Now we come to the mouth or if we are here online talking about the word mouse. Because of the nature of politics, when I say that I mean that it is an area where very few people know that and the information can be confusing, they are looking at so-called opinion leaders. These opinion leaders can be more or less anyone. For example Steven Colbert, Bill O'Riley, Engadget, Ray W Johnson or whatever ... someone who people are looking for in some kind of information is very lazy to know themselves and that gives them the information they think they need. Now say that you know jack shit about politics and you are a big fan of Madonna, then you will probably think that Madonna is probably on something. So instead of looking for things yourself you vote like Madonna, because you "know" Madonna and love her, so maybe she's right. That means Madonna is the leader of your opinion in this case. The same goes for all other products, for invisible and visible "products". Maybe I could keep writing about these things all day but I think you get a picture from this.
0	I warn with a text wall here. There is actually a good explanation of this situation. This is what we call marketing. That is product design. The brand states, "Person, name, term, design, brand, or any other characteristic that identifies a particular seller or service as different from other vendors." This is according to the American Advertising Organization. Now in this case it has to do with branding. Rein, Kotler and Stoller (1987) define celebrity as "a person whose name has the potential for attention, arousal, and profit-making value". By using a celebrity to authorize campaigns you can gain something called co-branding. That means a celebrity name is used to describe a particular politician or party. This is similar to what Nike did for example with Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods for example. They use their own names, big names in their respective fields, to authorize different types of products to give them more exposure. Say you want to sell the shoe. If you see two ads, one and the same shoe with Michael Jordan (any celebrity you know) you will probably pay more attention to the celebrity. All right, now we've got the basics together. Now we are about to get to the mouth or as we are here online talking about the name of the mouse. Because of the political situation, by that I mean the place where very few people know much about it and vague information, they look to the so-called ideological leaders. These ideological leaders can be more or less anyone. For example Steven Colbert, Bill O'Riley, Engadget, Ray W Johnson or anything ... someone people look to for information is lazy to find it for themselves and give them the information they think they need. Now say you know jack shit politically and you are a big fan of Madonna, then you will think that maybe Madonna has something. So instead of getting things for yourself you vote like Madonna, because you "know" Madonna and love her, so you probably are right. That means Madonna is the leader of your ideas in this case. The same goes for all other brands, both of intangible and portable "products". I can probably keep writing about these things all day but I think you get a picture of this.
1	Because spider ax is a massive damage buff (percent based damage buff applies its passive point), even at rank one. Because he can use the spell once and keep the buff for a long time, and even apply it again. Because asking for a massive damage increase that cannot be counteracted and does not expire after a set time is like asking for Corki's rockets to come home to the nearest low-level champion and inflict real damage.
1	Because the spinning axe is a huge damage buff (a percentage based damage buff that applies his passive points) even at level one. Because he can cast a spell once and keep the buff for a long time, even reapplying. Because asking for a huge damage increase that can't be countered and won't expire after a set time is like asking Corki's rockets to target the nearest low-health champion and deal real damage.
1	Because Spinning Ax is a massive damage buff (percentage based damage buff that applies its passive point), even at rank one. Because he can use the spell once and retain the buff for a long period of time, and even reapply it. Because asking for a massive damage boost that can't be countered and doesn't expire after a set amount of time is like asking Corki's rockets to go to the nearest low health champion and deal real damage.
1	Because the swivel ax is a big damage (an amplifier based on the percentage of damage that applies its passive point), even in the first rank. Because he can use the spell once and keep the buff for a long time and even re-apply. Because looking for a huge increase in damage that can't be resisted and that doesn't expire after a certain amount of time is the same as asking Corky's rockets to be placed at the nearest champion in low heat and do real damage.
1	This is because the rotating ax is a large damage buff (percentage-based damage buff that applies passive dots) even at rank 1. He can use the spell once to keep the buff for a long time and even reapply it. Seeking a massive increase in damage that can't be countered and doesn't expire after a set amount of time is like asking the Corki rocket to home in to the nearest Low Heath Champion for real damage. ..
1	Since spinning the ax is a great damage buff (backed by percent damage buff that attaches to a passive dot), even to your rank. Because you can use the refrain once, and keep the buff for an extended period of time, and apply again. Because seeking a big damage growth that can't be resisted and after the season doesn't expire is like looking for Corki's rockets to get home to the nearest lowly champion Herici and deal real damage.
1	Because the spinning ax is a massive damage buff (percentage-based damage buff that uses his passive dot), even in rank one. Because he can use the spell once and keep the buffet for a long time, and even use again. Because asking for a massive increase in damage that can not be counteracted and that does not expire after a set time is like asking for Corki's rockets to enter the nearest low home and do real damage.
1	Because the spinning ax is a massive damage buff (percentage based damage buff that applies your passive point), even at rank one. Because you can use the spell once and keep the buff for a long period of time, and even reapply it. Because asking for a massive damage boost that can't be countered and doesn't expire after a set amount of time is like asking for Corki's rockets to target the nearest low health champion and deal true damage.
1	Because a rotating ax is a major damage (a basic percentage of damage using its grounding point), even in the first grade. Because he can use the spell immediately and keep the buff longer, and even apply again. Because asking for a major increase in damage that is irreversible and does not end after the deadline is like asking for Corki rockets to contact a low-level champion who is close to handling real damage.
1	Because the spinning ax is a huge damage (a percentage based on the damage using his idle dot), even in the first level. Because he can use the spelling once and keep the buff longer, and re-apply. Because asking for an increase in the innumerable and incurable damage over a set period of time is like asking Corki rockets to return to the nearest low heat source and deal with the actual damage.
1	I agree, and feel like TRM ... can get a lot of unnecessary hate on Reddit a lot of the time or maybe not (not that everyone, but still). He carries his emotions on his sleeve like many people do, Oce is a great example, and is another one of those players who is either hated every other day. Being emotional is also not always a bad thing, and there are such people in every part of life. NBA fans either love or hate Kevin Garnett, a very vocal emotional player who is generally held by everyone on his team ... and not so much by his opponents. But he won an MVP and led teams to titles regardless.
1	I agree, and feel TRM...a lot of times may or may not get a lot of unnecessary hate on Reddit (not everyone doesn't, but still). Like many, he has his emotions on his sleeve, Ossie being a great example and another player who is loved or hated every other day. Being emotional isn't always a bad thing, there are people in every part of life. NBA fans either love or hate Kevin Garnett, a very outspoken emotional player who is generally liked by everyone on his team...not his opponent. But no matter what, he won the MVP and led the team to the championship.
1	I agree and feel like TRM...may or may not get a lot of unnecessary hate on Reddit most of the time (not that everyone doesn't, but still). He wears his emotions on his sleeve like many people do, Oce being a good example of that, and is another one of the every-other-days loved or hated players. Being emotional isn't always a bad thing either, and there are people like that in every part of life. NBA fans love or hate Kevin Garnett, a very vocal emotional player who is generally liked by everyone on his team...and not so much by his opponents. But he won an MVP and led teams to titles regardless.
1	I agree and I feel like TRM ... may or may not get a lot of unnecessary hate on Reddit a lot of the time (not that not everyone has, but still). He wears his emotions up his sleeve like many people, Father is a good example and is another player you love or hate every other day. Being emotional is not always bad either, and there are such people in every part of life. NBA fans either love or hate Kevin Garnett, a very loud emotional player who is generally liked by everyone on his team ... not so much by opponents. But he won the MVP and led the teams to the title no matter what.
1	I agree and feel like TRM ... Reddit may or may not get unnecessary hatred in many cases (not everyone does, but nonetheless). He wears his emotions on his sleeves as many do, Ocean is a good example and another player who likes to be hated every other day. Being emotional is not necessarily a bad thing, and there are such people in every part of life. NBA fans either like or hate Kevin Garnett. Kevin Garnett is a very loud and emotional player commonly preferred by everyone on the team. However, he won the MVP and led the team to the title.
1	I agree, and I feel like TRM... or not a lot of unnecessary hate makes a lot of time (not that we all don't, but still). He wears his emotions up his sleeves like a lot of people do, Oce is a good example, and is loved by other players or hated on any other basis. Movement is not always or evil, and such are in every part of life. NBA fans either love or hate Kevin Garnett, a very vocal, emotional player who is loved by all in his team...and not so much by his opponents. But they won the MVP, and they lead the teams regardless.
1	I agree, and feel that TRM ... may or may not get a lot of unnecessary hatred on Reddit much of the time (not that everyone does not, but still). He carries his feelings on his sleeve as many do, Oce is a good example and is another of the players who are either loved and hated every other day. Being emotional is not always a bad thing either, and there are such people in all areas of life. NBA fans either love or hate Kevin Garnett, a very vocal emotional player who is generally liked by everyone on his team ... and not so much by opponents. But he has won an MVP and led teams to titles anyway.
1	I agree, and feel like TRM... may or may not get a lot of unnecessary hate on Reddit most of the time (not that everyone doesn't, but still). He wears his emotions on his sleeve like a lot of people do, Oce is a good example, and he's another one of the players who are loved or hated every other day. Being emotional isn't always a bad thing either, and there are people like that in every walk of life. NBA fans love or hate Kevin Garnett, a very vocal emotional player who is generally liked by everyone on his team...and not so much by his opponents. But he has won an MVP and led teams to titles through it all.
1	I agree, and I feel like TRM ... may or may not find much unnecessary hatred on Reddit often (not that everyone does not get it, but still). Wearing his feelings on his arm like most people do, Oce is a great role model, and he is another player who is loved and hated every day. Emotions are also not always a bad thing, and there are people like that in every aspect of life. NBA fans either love or hate Kevin Garnett, a very emotional player who is generally loved by everyone on his team ... and not so much by his opponents. But he has won the MVP and led the team to the title regardless.
1	I agree, and I feel like TRM ... may or may not receive unwanted hatred on Reddit most of the time (not that everyone does, but still). He puts his feelings into his own hands as most people do, Oce is a good role model, and he is one of the players who may be loved and hated every day. Emotions are not always bad, and there are people like that in every aspect of life. NBA fans love or hate Kevin Garnett, a very emotional player who is often loved by everyone on his team ... and not so much by his opponents. But you won the MVP and led the teams to the titles regardless.
1	I have quite a problem with the blame on just one party. Yes, I agree 154.37 (repeat of course)% that Riot should have had stalls (or at least some sort of method that blocks the mini card). They offer so many positive benefits that it is almost a necessity. Hell, given the chance I would argue this with Carmac, which is against the idea of ​​stalls (just look at any IEM). BUT looking behind you is against the rules Riot put in place before the tournament started. And rules are rules. You do not see guys running up and down a track in basketball and not dribbling the ball because it is easier and faster that way. You do not see American footballers making horse-collar grips because they are a good place to get a grip - and if they do, they will be penalized. For those who say rioting is just to use ripe as a trap: Rooibaard posted this, and perhaps skipped, in the decision-making: "In retrospect, the potential visibility of mini-card screens for players was a mistake. Despite on-site referees, careful monitoring player cameras behind the stage, and stage design that ensured that players would have to turn more than 90 degrees to get a glimpse of the mini-maps, even the possibility of unfair play was simply unacceptable.We take steps to ensure the mini-map screens is not visible to players. "
1	I kind of disagree with blaming one party. Yes, I agree with 154.37 (repeated of course)% Riot should have stalls (or at least some way to block the minimap). They provide many positive benefits and are almost a necessity. Heck, I'll argue this with Carmac when I get a chance, and he's against the booth idea (just look at any IEM). But looking behind you is against the rules that Riot made before the fight started. Rules are rules. You don't see players running around the basketball court without the ball because that's easier and faster. You don't see American footballers tackling on the collar because it's a good place to grab - if they do, they're penalized. For those who said Riot was just using Frost as a fall guy: Redbeard posted this in a ruling post, and may have been skipped: "In hindsight, the potential visibility of the minimap screen to players was a mistake. Although With live referees, close monitoring of player cameras backstage, and a stage design that ensures players have to rotate more than 90 degrees to get a glimpse of the minimap, even the possibility of unfair play is unacceptable. We are taking steps to ensure that the minimap screen is correct Players are invisible."
1	I'm having a hard time pinning the blame on one party. Yes, I agree 154.37 (repeating, of course) % that Riot should have had cabins (or at least some kind of minimap blocking method). They offer so many positive benefits that it's almost a necessity. Hell, if I had the chance, I would discuss this with Carmac, who is against the idea of ​​cabins (just look at any IEM). BUT looking behind you is against the rules Riot put in place before the tournament started. And the rules are the rules. You don't see guys running around a basketball court without dribbling the ball because it's easier and faster that way. You don't see American footballers making collar tackles because it's a good place to get a grip - and if they do, they're penalized. For those who say the riot only uses frost as a scapegoat: Redbeard posted this, and might have been overlooked, in the Rulings post: "In hindsight, the potential visibility of mini-screens cards for the players was a mistake despite on-site referees, close monitoring of player cameras behind the scenes, and a stage design that ensured players had to turn more than 90 degrees to get a glimpse of the mini-maps, even The possibility of foul play was simply unacceptable. Minimap screens are not visible to players."
1	Somehow I have a problem with shifting the blame to just one side. Yes, I agree 154.37 (I repeat, of course)% that Riot should have had cabins (or at least some method that blocks the minimap). They offer so many positive benefits that they are almost necessary. Hell, given the opportunity, I would discuss this with Carmac, who is against the idea of ​​cabins (just look at any IEM). BUT looking behind is contrary to the rules Riot set before the tournament. And rules are rules. In basketball, you don’t see guys running up and down the court and not dribbling the ball because it’s so much easier and faster. You can’t see American footballers fighting with a horse collar because it’s a good place to catch - and if they do, they get punished. For those who say the mess is just using frost as a falling type: Redbeard posted this and may have been skipped in the decision post: "Looking back, the potential visibility of the minimap screen for players was a mistake. Despite the judges on the spot, closely monitoring behind-the-scenes player cameras and a stage design that ensured players had to rotate more than 90 degrees to be able to take a look at the minimaps, even the possibility of unfair play was simply unacceptable. players. "
1	It's a bit of a problem to hold just one party accountable. Yes, I agree with 154.37 (repeated, of course)%. Riot needed a booth (or at least some way to block the minimap). It's almost necessary because they offer so many positive benefits. Hell, given the opportunity to discuss this with Carmack, who I disagree with Booth's idea (just look at any IEM). But looking behind you violates the rules set by Riot before the tournament began. And the rules are the rules. I don't see anyone running up and down the court in basketball not dribbling the ball. That way, the ball will be easier and faster. I don't see American football players making horse-collar tackles. It's a good place to get a grip. If you do so, you will be penalized. For those who say the riots are using frost as a corrupt man: Redbeard posted this and may have been skipped in the decision post: "Thinking later, the player's minimap The potential visibility of the screen was wrong. Despite the on-site referee, the player needs to rotate 90 degrees or more to get a close look at the player cam behind the scenes and a glimpse of the minimap. The stage design that guarantees that, even the possibility of unfair play was simply unacceptable. The minimap screen is not visible to the player. "
1	I kinda have an issue with only one side of the blame. In fact, I agree with the 154.37% (repetition of course) % that he should have had the Riot screen (or at least some minimal blocking method). They offer so many positive benefits to keep it close to your needs. Hell, given this chance, I would like to argue with Carmac, who is against the idea of ​​booths (see IEM soon). BUT I look back after you against the rules set by Riot before the tournament started. he rules and rules. You don't see guys running up and down on the basketball court not fully catching the ball because the road is easier and faster. You don't see the American Footballers do the tackle sets, because they have a good place to win - and if they do, they can fine them. The luxury of saying just using ice as a casualty guy: Redbeard posted this, and could be omitted in the directives post: "In hindsight the potential visibility of the smallest armor was a mistake To ensure players, they had to turn more than 90 degrees so that they could see as few as possible, even though the possibility of uneven play was simply unacceptable. Tiny screens are not visible to players."
1	I'm having a little trouble blaming just one party. Yes, I agree 154.37 (repeats, of course)% that Riot should have had a booth (or at least some sort of method that blocked the mini-map). They offer so many positive benefits that it is almost a necessity. Hell, given the chance I would argue this with Carmac, which is against the idea of ​​booths (just look at any IEM). BUT looking behind you is against the rules that Riot put in place before the tournament began. And rules are rules. You do not see boys running up and down a basketball court and not dribbling the ball because it is easier and faster that way. You do not see American football players tackling with a horse collar because it is a good place to get it - and if they do, they will be punished. For those who say rebellion is just using frost as a beacon: Redbeard posted this, and may have been skipped, in the ruling: "In retrospect, the potential visibility of mini-map screens for players was a mistake. Despite on-site referees. , close surveillance of player cameras behind the scenes and stage design that ensured that players had to turn more than 90 degrees to get a glimpse of the mini-maps, even the possibility of unfair play was simply unacceptable.We take steps to secure the mini-map screens are not visible to players. "
1	I have a problem with blaming only one party. Yes, I agree 154.37 (repeating, of course) % that Riot should have had booths (or at least some kind of minimap blocking method). They offer so many positive benefits that it is almost a necessity. Hell, if given the chance, I'd discuss this with Carmac, who is against the idea of ​​cockpits (just look at any IEM). BUT looking back is against the rules that Riot set before the tournament started. And the rules are the rules. You don't see guys running around the basketball court without dribbling the ball because it's easier and faster that way. You don't see American footballers doing horseneck tackles because it's a good place to control themselves, and if they do, they get penalized. For those who say riot only uses frost as a scapegoat: Redbeard posted this, and could have been left out, in the decisions post: "In hindsight, the potential visibility of minimap screens to players was a mistake. A Despite on-site referees, tight control of player cameras behind the scenes, and a stage design that ensured players had to turn more than 90 degrees to see minimaps, even the possibility of unfair play was simply unacceptable. minimap screens are not visible to players."
1	I have a problem blaming only one party. Yes, I agree 154.37 (repeat, of course)% that Riot should have booths (or at least some kind of minimap blocking method). They offer many positive benefits that are almost inevitable. Hell, if I was given a chance I would argue with Carmac, who is against the idea of ​​booths (just look at any IEM). BUT looking back is against the rules that Riot set before the race started. And principle is principle. You do not see people running and going down the field in basketball without playing the ball because it is easy and fast that way. You do not see American footballers attacking horses because they are a good place to hold - and if they do, they will be punished. For those who say the violence is using snow as a fallen man: Redbeard published this, and may have jumped, in a decision-making post: "In hindsight, the possibility of appearing a small screen for players was a mistake. close monitoring of player cameras behind the platform, and platform design that ensured players would have to turn more than 90 degrees to get a summary of small maps, even the possibility of foul play was not accepted. "
1	I have trouble blaming just one team. Yes, I agree 154.37 (repeats, of course)% that the Riot should have had a docket (or at least some sort of small map block). They offer so many good benefits that it is almost a necessity. Hell, if given the chance I would argue with Carmac, who opposes the booth theory (see just any IEM). BUT looking back is against the rules set by Riot before the tournament starts. And rules rules. You don't see the boys going up and down the field playing basketball without playing football because it's so easy and fast that way. You don't see American Football Players making horse collars because it's a great place to catch - and if they do, they get punished. For those who say the turmoil is just using snow: The Red Cup sent this, and it may have been skipped, in the resolution text: "Looking back, the potential visibility of small map screens for players was flawed. players will have to turn more than 90 degrees to slightly see smaller maps, even the opportunity to play inappropriately was unacceptable. We are taking steps to ensure that small map screens are not visible to players. "
1	tbh, I have not seen a single change the guys have made that I liked. Although pulsefire may not have been his fault, I did not like it and I was damn happy to have stored the rp for months while I waited for pfe to come out and they had him half price, it was cool when I got it but tbh it's like my other 5 legendaries they are very cool and i'm not sorry i bought them but pfe was not worth 3k rp, 1860 rp is where he should have gone. Kog 'Maw has been the same with anivia and corki for 2 years now. Kog'maw must have been 3150 ip with corki. Anivia is a high skill champion and then puts her down to 4800 ip so super newbies just do not get her and are destroyed. I mean reducing the rp cost by less than a dollar on champions who have been out BETA! I could see if it was a champion released early this year, but ... beta champions? champs can we get the digital package for $ 30 as a newcomer and get about $ 45 worth of champs for plus 2 sheets? This guy apparently does not know his shit when he experiments with prices. You're going through history, and history has shown that no one gives a hoodah about spreading what you get in a champ bundle, kha'zix's bundle is the same price ... well, but tbh, that skin is not more otherwise not any recent 975 skin, sure it has new models and shit but jayce also he has 2 models, udyr has 4! their skins are still 975! and people usually do not buy champs with rp unless it is the bundle or if it is for sale ... yes preadopters are good they have always sold a lot a bundle on release I bought a good many of them but i do 'I do not want to see the new guys face what this kha' zix guy can play on a free week 2 weeks after his bundle is gone and say "wait why does his skin cost more than the one that has the same level of detail on other champions have "Ppl just will not buy it and you lose people's interest in your product. That's probably why black ops 2's elite is going to be free, NO ONE MADE TO BUY IT LAST.
1	tbh, I haven't seen any changes made by someone I like. Although the pulsefire might not be his fault I didn't like it and I was lucky enough to save the rp for a few months waiting for the pfe to come out and they made him half price and it was cool when I got it but tbh was like mine Like the other 5 legends, they are really cool, I don't regret buying them, but tbh pfe is not worth 3k rp, 1860 rp is where he should go. Kog' Maw has been out for 2 years now with anivia and corki. Kog'maw should be 3150 ip with corki. Anivia is a high skill champ, then lowers her to 4800 ip, so super newbies don't just get her and get destroyed. I mean, reduce the rp cost of heroes that have been out since BETA by less than $1! I can see if this is a hero released earlier this year, but... Beta hero? champs Can we get a digital pack for $30 as a newbie and a champion worth $45 plus 2 skins for $45? If he's experimenting with prices, this guy obviously doesn't know his crap. You go by history, history shows that no one is shocked by the spread of what you get in champion sets, kha'zix sets cost the same... well, but tbh, that skin wasn't in the recent 975 What a different skin, of course it has new models and crap, but so does Jace, he has 2 models and udyr has 4! Their skin is still 975! People don't usually buy titles with rp unless it's a bundle or a discount... yes predopters are good they always sell a lot of bundles at launch I buy a lot but I don't want to see new faces in Play this kha' zix guy on a free week after he ran out of his bundle for two weeks and said "wait, why does his skin cost more than other heroes with the same level of detail" people just don't buy it, you People will lose interest in your product. That's probably why Black Ops 2's Elite is free, and nobody wanted to buy it last time.
1	tbh, i didn't see a change the guys made that i liked. While Pulsefire might not have been their fault, I didn't like it and was damn lucky to have the rp saved up for months waiting for pfe to come out and they had it half price, it was cool when i got it but tbh it's like my other 5 legendaries they're really cool and i don't regret buying them but tbh pfe wasn't worth 3k rp for, 1860 rp is there where he should have gone. Kog' Maw has been out for 2 years now the same with anivia and corki. Kog'maw should have been at 3150 ip alongside corki. Anivia is a top tier champion, then lower her to 4800 ip so super newbies don't just grab her and be destroyed. I mean cut RP costs by less than a dollar on champions that have been released SINCE BETA! I could see if it was a champion released earlier this year, but...beta champions? champions we can get the digital pack for $30 as a starter and get around $45 champions for plus 2 skins? Apparently this guy doesn't know his shit if he experiments with prices. You go through history, and history has shown no one cares about the spread what you get in a champion pack, the kha'zix pack is the same price... fine but tbh, this skin is no different from recent 975 skin anymore, of course it has new models and shit, but also jayce, it has 2 models, udyr has 4! their skins are always 975! and people usually don't buy champions with rp unless it's the bundle or if it's on sale...yes the pre-adopters are good they always sold a lot of the bundle when it comes out i have bought a good number but i don't i don't want to see the face of the new guy playing this guy kha 'zix for a free week 2 weeks after his pack ends and say "wait why his skin cost more expensive than one that has the same level of detail about other champions "People just won't buy it and you'll lose people's interest in your product. This is probably why black ops 2 elite will be free, NO ONE BUY IT LAST TIME.
1	tbh, I didn't see any change the guys made that I liked. Although pulsefire may not have been his fault, I didn't like it and I was damn happy to keep the rp for months waiting for the pfe to come out and they had it at half price, it was great when I got it but tbh it's like my other 5 legendary, they are really cool and i don't regret buying them but tbh pfe wasn't worth 3k rp for, 1860 rp is where it was supposed to go. Kog 'Maw has been out for 2 years now with Anivia and Corky. Kog'maw was supposed to have 3150 ip with corki. Anivia is a champion in high skills, and then she lowered it to 4800 ip so that super novices would not just catch and destroy her. I mean reducing rp costs by less than a dollar for champions who came out of the BETA version! I could see if this was the champion released earlier this year, but ... beta champions? champs can we get a digital package for $ 30 as a beginner and get about $ 45 worth of champions for plus 2 skins? This guy obviously doesn’t know his shit if he experiments with prices. You go by history, and history has shown that no one cares about spreading what you get in the champion package, kha'zix package is the same price ... well, but tbh, that skin is no different from the recent 975 skin, there are certainly new ones models and shit but so jayce has 2 models, udyr has 4! their skin is still 975! and people generally don't buy champions with rp unless it's a package or it's on sale ... yes, preadoptors are good, they've always sold a lot of packages after release. I bought a lot of them but no I don't want to see the face of a new guy who will play this kha'zix guy in a free week 2 weeks after his package disappears and say "wait why his skin costs more than one that has the same level of detail on other champions “PPP just won’t buy and you’ll lose people’s interest in your product. Probably that's why elite black ops 2 will be free, NO ONE WAS TO BUY IT LAST TIME.
1	tbh, I've never seen a change made by someone I liked. Pulsefire may not have been his fault, but I didn't like it, so I was lucky to wait for pfe to come out and save rp for months. It's like they are really cool like my other 5 legends and I don't regret buying them, but tbhpfe wasn't worth 3krp, 1860rp is where he should go .. Kog'Maw has been out for two years, like anivia and corki. Kog'maw should be 3150ip alongside corki. Anivia is a high-skilled champion and lowers her to 4800 ip, so super beginners don't just catch and destroy her. This means reducing the rp cost of champions released after the beta by less than $ 1. I know if this is a champion released earlier this year ... is it a beta champion? Can a champion get a $ 30 digital pack as a beginner and a champion worth about $ 45 with a plus 2 skin? If he's experimenting with prices, this guy obviously doesn't know his junk. You follow history, and history has shown that no one gives a hooder about the spread of what you get with a champion bundle, the kha'zix bundle is the same price ... great, but tbh, that The skin is the same as the recent 975 skin, certainly new models and junk, but Jace has two models and udyr has four models. Their skin is still 975! And people generally don't buy champions at rp unless it's a bundle or it's for sale ... yes, pre-adapter is good They always have many bundles at release I bought quite a few of them, but I won't see the faces of the new guys playing this kha'zix guy in the free week two weeks after the bundle is gone I would like. "Why is his skin higher than one that has the same level of detail as other champions?" Ppl doesn't buy it and you lose people's interest in your product. That's why the Black Ops 2 Elite is free. No one bought it last time.
1	tbh, I haven't seen one change the guys done that I've liked. While pulsefire might not've been his fault I didn't like it and I was gosh darn fortunate to have the rp saved for months wait for pfe to come out and they had him half price, it was cool when I got it but tbh it's like my other 5 legendaries they're really cool and I don't regret buying them but tbh pfe wasn't worth 3k rp for, 1860 rp is where he should've gone. Kog' Maw has been the same for anivia and corki for 2 years now. Kog'maw was 3150 ip over against corki. Anivia is high on the device and then it's up to 4800 ip so the super newbie's not only going to get it forgotten. I want to reduce the rp cost to less than a dollar for champions who are out with BETA! I could see whether the champ was released early this year, but...beet manna? Can we get digital champs packs for 30 bucks as a newbie and get about 45 sturdy bucks for more than 2 bucks? This guy apparently doesn't know if he has a try with his crap hires. You're going to make history, and the story shows no one to give you a hood about the spread of those things you take in the news pack, the kha'zix team is the same price... fine but tbh, that quilt doesn't look any better than any fresh 975 skin, sure it has new models and crap yet so jayce has examples 2, udyr 4! Their skins are still 975! and people don't usually buy cereal with rp save a bunch or if it's on sale. t want to see the new guys face who gets to play this kha' zix guy in a free week 2 weeks after his pack has gone and say "wait why has more rib skin than those other boxers on the same level." ppl just don't buy it and pay interest you lose men in your deeds. It's probably why black ops 2 is currently the only choice, nobody is caring to buy LAST TIME.
1	tbh, I have not seen a change the guys have made as I have liked. Although pulsefire might not be his fault, I did not like it, and I was damn lucky to have rp stored for several months while I waited for pfe to come out and they had half price, it was cool when I got it, but tbh it's like my other 5 legends, they are very cool and I do not regret that I bought them, but pfe was not worth 3k rp for, 1860 rp is where he should have gone. Kog 'Maw has been out for 2 years now, the same with anivia and corki. Kog'maw should be 3150 ip along with corki. Anivia is a high-skill master, and set her down to 4800 ip so super-beginners don't just get her and get ruined. I mean reduce rp costs by less than a dollar on winners who have been out SINCE BETA! I could see if this was a champ released earlier this year, but ... beta champs? champs we can get the digital package for 30 dollars as a beginner and get champs worth approx. $ 45 for plus 2 skins? This guy apparently does not know his shit if he experiments with prices. You go after the story, and the story has shown that no one gives a damn about the spread of what you get in a champ bundle, kha'zix's bundle is the same price ... okay, but tbh, that skin is no different than newer 975 skin, sure it has new models and shit, but so does jayce, he has 2 models, beast has 4! their skins are still 975! and people usually do not buy champs with rp unless it is the bundle or if it is on sale ... yes pre-adopters are good they have always sold many bundles on the release. I bought a good deal of them, but I do not I do not want to see the new boy who gets to play this kha'zix guy on a free week 2 weeks after his package is gone and say "wait why does his skin cost more than the one who has the same level of detail on other masters Ppl just will not buy it and you lose people interest in your product.That's probably why black ops 2s elite will be free, NO WIDTH TO BUY LAST TIME .
1	Tbh, I haven't seen a change the guys have made that I liked. While Pulsefire might not have been their fault I didn't like it and was very lucky to have the rp stashed away for months waiting for PFE to come out and they had it at half price it was great when I got it but tbh it's like my other 5 legendary , they are really cool and I don't regret buying them but tbh pfe it wasn't worth 3k rp, 1860 rp is where it should have gone. Kog' Maw has been gone for 2 years, as have Anivia and Corki. Kog'maw should have been 3150 ip along with corki. Anivia is a high skill champion, so she lowers her to 4800 ip so the super rookies don't catch her and destroy her. I'm talking about reducing rp costs by less than a dollar on champions that have been available SINCE BETA! I can see if this is a champion released earlier this year, but… beta champions? champions can we get the digital pack for 30 bucks as a rookie and get around 45 bucks worth of champions for plus 2 skins? Apparently, this guy doesn't know a thing if he's experimenting with prices. You go through history, and history has shown that no one gives a damn about the distribution of what you get in a champion pack, the kha'zix pack is the same price... okay, but to be honest, that look is no different than any recent 975 skin sure it has new models and crap but also jayce has 2 models udyr has 4! the skins of him are still 975! and people usually don't buy champions with rp unless it's the bundle or if it's on sale... yeah preadopters are good, they've always sold a lot of packs at launch. I have bought many of them, but I don't. I don't want to see the face of the new guys who can play this kha' zix guy in a free week 2 weeks after his pack is gone and say "wait why does his skin cost more than the one with the same level of detail on other champions? "People just won't buy it and you'll lose people's interest in your product. That's probably why Black Ops 2 elite is going to be free, NOBODY CARED TO BUY IT LAST TIME.
1	tbh, I haven't seen any change that the boys have made that I like. Although pulsefire may not be his fault i did not like it and i was lucky to be saved for rp for months waiting for pfe to come out and they had him half price, it was cool when i got it but tbh. it's like my other 5 heroes are very nice and i don't regret buying them but tbh pfe was not worth 3k rp, 1860 rp then he had to go. Kog 'Maw has been out for 2 years now similar to anivia and corki. Kog'maw should be 3150 ip plus corki. Anivia is a highly skilled champion then put him down to 4800 ip so that newcomers do not find him and be destroyed. I mean reduce the cost of rp to less than one dollar for the champions who have come out SINCE BETA! I could see if this was the champion released earlier this year, but ... beta champions? can we get a digital package for $ 30 as a guest and get $ 45 worth of shoes plus 2 skins? This guy doesn't know his ignorance if he is trying to price it. You go to history, and history has shown that no one gives a hat on the spread of what you get in the champ bund, the kha'zix bundle is the same price ... okay but tbh, that leather is no different than any recent 975 leather, it certainly has new models with crap but also jayce has 2 models, udyr has 4! their skin is still 975! and people generally don't buy champs and rp unless it's a bundle or if it's sold ... yes preadopters are good they've sold a lot of bundles at the time of release I've bought a lot of good, but I don't know. i want to see the image of the new guys who get to play this guy kha 'zix for free week 2 weeks after his package disappears and say "wait why his skin costs more than that which has the same level of detail for other champions." ppl will not buy it and you lose people's interest in your product. Probably a factor as to why they're doing so poorly.
1	tbh, I've never seen one change my favorite guys. Although pulsefire may not have been his fault i did not like and i was lucky to have rp kept for months waiting for pfe out and they had half price, it was cool when i got it but tbh like my other 5 myths are really cool and i dont regret buying them but tbh pfe did not have its 3k rp, 1860 rp is where it should have gone. Kog 'Maw has been out for 2 years now similar to anivia and corki. Kog'maw was supposed to be 3150 ip near the corki. Anivia is a highly skilled champion and lowers her to 4800 ip so that super newbies can suddenly find her and be destroyed. I mean reduce the cost of rp less than the dollar of the champions issued from BETA! I wondered if this was the champions released earlier this year, but ... beta champs? Can we get a digital package for $ 30 as a newborn and get about $ 45 for winning 2 mixed skins? This guy obviously doesn't know his insanity when he tries prices. Going by history, and history has shown that no one gives a hoodah about the spread of what you get in the champ bundle, kha'zix's bundle is the same price ... well but tbh, that skin is no different from any of the latest 975 leather, sure it has new models and -crap but so too jayce has 2 models, dyr has 4! their skins are still 975! and people usually don't buy rp champs unless it's a bundle or a sale ... yes good preadopters always sell a lot of bundles when they are released I buy a lot of them, but I don't want to 'see the new guys playing this boy kha 'zix free week after 2 weeks her bulk is gone and she says "wait why her skin is more expensive than this one with the same level of detail in other players" ppl you just won't buy it and lose people's interest in your product. Maybe that's why the black ops 2's elite will be free, NO ONE HAS TO PAY FOR THE LAST.
1	A few months ago: "Brand is SO good, but his final is too unreliable! But he will be so broken if his final champions have prioritized!" Still not played. Now he needs an MS buff because he has no escapes? Anivia, Galio, Karthus, Ryze, Twisted Fate and Zyra would like to have a word with you.
1	A few months ago: "Brand is so good, but his ult is so unreliable! But if his ult prioritizes champions, he'll crash!" Still didn't play. Now he needs a MS buff because he didn't escape? Anivia, Galio, Karthus, Ryze, Twisted Fate and Zyra want to talk to you.
1	A few months ago: "Brand is SO good but his ultimate is too unreliable! But he would be so broken if his ultimate prioritized champions!" Still not played. Now he needs an MS addict because he has no escape? Anivia, Galio, Karthus, Ryze, Twisted Fate, and Zyra would like to talk to you.
1	A few months ago: "The brand is SO good, but its ult is too unreliable! But it would be so broken if its ult priority was champion!" It's still not being played. Now he needs an MS buff because he has no way out? Anivia, Galio, Karthus, Ryze, Twisted Fate and Zyra would like to talk to you.
1	A few months ago: "The brand is very good, but his ult is too unreliable! But if his ult prioritizes the champion, he will break very much!" Not yet played. Does he need an MS buff now because he has no way out? Anivia, Galio, Kartus, Ryze, Twisted Fate, Zyra would like to say something to you.
1	A few months ago: "Brand is so good, but his revenge is too light! But he would be so broken if his champions were prioritized!" I haven't played yet. Now you need MS buff because it doesn't sleep? Anivia, Galio, Karthus, Ryze, twisted lot, and Zyra would like to have a conversation with you.
1	A few months ago: "Brand is SO good, but his ulten is too unreliable! But he would have been so crushed if his ulten prioritized champions!" Still not played. Now he needs an MS buff because he has no escape? Anivia, Galio, Karthus, Ryze, Twisted Fate and Zyra would like to have a word with you.
1	A few months ago: "Brand is SO good but his ult is too unreliable! But he'd be so broke if his ult prioritized champions!" Still not played. Now he needs an MS hobbyist because he has no way out? Anivia, Galio, Karthus, Ryze, Twisted Fate, and Zyra want to talk to you.
1	A few months ago: "The brand is very good but its ult is not reliable! But he will be very disappointed if his first champions are given priority!" It has not been played yet. Now he needs MS buff because he has no escape routes? Anivia, Gallio, Karthus, Ryze, Twisted Fate, and Zyra would love to have a word with you.
1	A few months ago: "The Brand IS SO GOOD but his ult is not very reliable! But he would be very broken if his heroes put it first!" It has not been played yet. Now you need MS buff because he has no escape? Anivia, Galio, Karthus, Ryze, Twisted Fate, and Zyra would love to have a say in you.
1	I know that feeling bro, but every now and then you get such offers and you can actually take them ... you just have to make silly sounding offers for the people where they think they will win ... I once had a guy do it had no idea about the game and flared me up like hell and I told him that he simply did not have the mindset or the skills to call me a bad player and I simply told him that I him can crash even if i play soraka against any champion he wants. Since I was pretty sure he was not good enough to know about counters and things. SO he agreed to soraka and xin in his 1v1 pick and I slapped his face over and over on the ground and at the end of the game he came and said, "Ok, gg, you're a good player and I is just too bad to notice. Exactly what you said earlier. " I cried to see such amazing behavior, even if the most stupid players would rage and say it was luck.
1	I know that feeling bro, but every once in a while you get offers like this that you can actually take...you just have to make stupid-sounding offers to someone they think they're going to win...I once had a guy that pair Knowing nothing about the game made me angry that he wanted to. Because I'm pretty sure he doesn't know much about counters and stuff. So he agreed to soraka and picked xin in his 1v1, I slammed his face on the ground over and over, and at the end of the game he came over and said, "Well, gg, you're a good player, and so am I. Hard to notice it. Exactly what you said before "Even if the dumbest player would get angry and say it's luck, I still cry seeing this awesome behavior.
1	I know that's how I feel bro, but once in a while you'll get such offers and you can actually accept them...just make silly offers to people where they think that they're gonna win...I had a guy once who had no clue about the game and fired me up like hell and I told him he just didn't have the state of mind or skill to call me a bad player and i just told him i can crash him even if i play soraka against any champion he wants. Like I was pretty sure he wasn't good enough to know about counters and all that. SO he agreed to soraka and chose xin in his 1v1 and i smashed his face to the ground again and again and at the end of the game he came and said "Okay gg you're a good player and i'm just too bad to notice exactly what you said earlier" i was crying to see such awesome behavior even though the stupidest players got angry and said it was bullshit chance.
1	I know that feeling bro, but from time to time you will get such offers and you can actually accept it ... you just have to give stupid offers to people they think will win ... I once had a guy who had no idea about the game and hell like hell and I told him he just didn’t have the mental mindset or the skill to call me a bad player and I just told him I could knock him down even if I play forty against any champion he wants. Because I was pretty sure he wasn’t good enough to know about counters and things like that. SO he landed on soraku and picked xin in his 1v1, and I smashed his face against the ground over and over, and at the end of the game he came and said, “Okay, gg, you’re a good player, and I’m also a bad player. exactly what you said earlier "I cried when I saw such horrible behavior even when the dumbest players got mad and said it was luck.
1	I know I feel companions, but sometimes you can receive such an offer and actually receive it ... you make a silly sounding offer to those who think they will win Must ... I once had a guy it had no clues to the game and made me burn like hell, and I also have the idea to call him a bad player skill set He told him he didn't even have it. I was pretty convinced that he wasn't good at knowing about counters and the like. So he agreed with soraka and chose xin in his 1v1 and I hit his face on the ground over and over again, and at the end of the game he came and said: noticed not. As I said before, "Even if the stupidest player was angry and lucky, he was crying for such great behavior.
1	I know they feel bro but once in a while u get such offers and u can actually get it... u only have that silly sounding offer to people where they think they will win. He didn't have a sense of the game and it fired me like hell and I told him that he simply doesn't have the mindset or skills to call me a bad player and I simply told him that I could crash even if he wants to play Soraka against any champum. Because I was pretty sure he wasn't good enough to know about the counters and materials. SO Soraka nodded and picked up his 1v1 xin and smashed his face again and again at the end of the game he came up and said "Well, gg, you are a good player and I'm too bad to notice. exactly what are u talking about earlier" I cried to see such awesome characters too if the most foolish of the players would bemoan it, and they would say that it was fortune.
1	I know that feeling bro, but once in a while you will get such offers and you can actually take it ... you just have to give stupid-sounding offers to the people where they think they will win ... I once had a guy who had no idea about the game and flared me up like hell and I told him he simply does not have the mindset or skills to call me a bad player and I simply told him I could crash him myself if I play soraka against any master he wants. Since I was pretty sure he's not good enough to know about counters and stuff. SO he joined soraka and picked xin in 1v1 and I smashed his face to the ground over and over and at the end of the game he came and said: "Okay, gg, you are a good player and I'm just too bad to lay notice it. exactly what you said earlier "I cried when I saw such a fantastic behavior even though the most stupid players would rage and say it was luck.
1	I know it feels bro but from time to time you'll get offers like this and you can really take them... You just have to make dumb sounding offers to people who they think will win... I once had a guy who didn't he had no idea about the game and he turned me on as hell and i told him he just doesnt have the mindset or the skills to call me a bad player and i just told him i might crash him even if i play soraka against whatever champion he wants. Since he was pretty sure he's not good enough to know about counters and stuff. So he agreed with soraka and he chose xin in his 1v1 and I smashed his face into the ground over and over again and at the end of the game he came over and said “Okay gg you are a good player and so am I”. it's bad to notice. exactly what you said earlier" he was crying seeing such unbelievable behavior, even if the most stupid players would get angry and say it was luck.
1	I know you feel that way bro but once in a while you will get offers like these and you can accept them ... you have to make stupid offers to people who think they will win ... I used to have a boyfriend. I did not know anything about the game and it burned me and I told him he had no sense or skill to call me a bad player and I just told him that I could beat him even if I played soraka against any champion. he wants. Since I was convinced that it was not enough to know about the counter and the items. So he accepted soraka and picked up xin on his 1v1 and I slapped his face down again and again and at the end of the game he came and said: "Well, gg, you're a good player and me too. You said it before" I was crying to see that horrible behavior even if the foolish players would get angry and say it was luck.
1	i know that feeling bro but once in a while you will get something like that and you can actually take it ... you have to make some special offers to people who think they will win ... i once had a boy that i had no knowledge of the game and it burned like hell and i told him calling me a bad player and I just told him I could beat him even if I played soraka on any champion. looking for. Since I was sure he was not good enough to know about counters and objects. SO he admitted soraka picked up xin on his 1v1 and I broke his face down many times and at the end of the game he came and said: "Okay, gg, you'm a good player and I'm just like that. It's bad to see you. What you said at the beginning" .
1	You sound like you should read this: "No fun is not the same as anti-fun - it's actually an interesting distinction. Think of it in positive, negative and zero terms. Fun is clearly positive. No fun is Zero. Anti - fun is negative on that scale.Skills that fail the fun vs. anti-fun test are when one player's fun is not really balanced by the negative on the other player - And the most important thing is that it is not a zero sum is not, surprisingly.The subjectivity of this comes where you set your zero point for things.However, there are many things that are simply not fun from a player perspective that are negative fun for the opponent - If I made a button that you allow someone to physically hit someone with a chair on the other side of the screen - that's not nice to me - and that's very, very negative for you.This is an example of a non-zero scenario. concern that 'anti-fun principles hinder creativity' - well .. I'm not sure about that - you might want a Sk self or creative uniqueness is a priority for designs or not - Solid play, for example, is a great goal to pursue, even if it's unoriginal. Even if I'm tampering with crazy stuff all the time, I'll always swap something solid to play with rather than original / unique and mediocre. That statement kind of leads to the idea that an infinite combination in a game is well designed, because it supposedly leaves one player with an infinite amount of satisfaction. Again, the benchmark is a lot of the time fun versus anti-fun - Anivia's wall creates many more wonderful moments than bad moments for your team - It's about relationships - And like I said before, it's a subjective point about where your zero point is. Anti-fun is typically embodied by lock-in, shut-off, or obscure counter mechanics - It almost universally limits and controls the opponent's range of options - resulting in less play in general simply because your opponent responds less. Yes, although there will always be people who find it fun to fight helpless opponents who simply sit there and do nothing (see above, for the infinite case), I do not think it's game we should encourage. Knocking You tell me that you will willingly play a game where the opponent can hit you senselessly with a chair every now and then? It's kind of a scary thought. "
1	It sounds like you need to read the following: "Uninteresting is not the same as anti-interesting - it's actually an interesting distinction. Think of it in terms of positives, negatives, and zeros. Interesting is obviously positive. Not interesting is zero. Anti- fun is negative on that scale. The skill that fails on the fun vs anti-fun test is when one player's fun isn't really offset by the other player's negatives - it's important that it's not zero-sum, which is surprising. This subjectivity comes from you setting zero points for things. However, there are a lot of things that are not fun at all from the player's perspective, and are negative fun for the opponent - for example, if I make a button that makes you Beating someone up with a chair on the other side of the screen - it's not pleasant to me - and it's very, very negative for you. This is an example of a non-zero-sum scenario. As for the "anti-fun principle is hindering creativity" Force' - hmm.. I'm not sure - you might want to ask yourself if creative uniqueness is a design priority - for example, solid gameplay is a good goal, even if it's not original. Even though I'm always tinkering with crazy stuff, I'm always swapping out something playable instead of something original/unique and mediocre. "Don't you understand that people who do stuns and bursts are happy too?" This statement brings to mind that having infinite combos in a game is good design because it allows a player to have infinite satisfaction. Again, the metric is funny or anti-fun a lot of the time - Anivia's wall creates more great moments for your team than bad - it's about ratios - like I said before, This is where your main point of zero is. Anti-fun often manifests in lock-on, shut-off, or obscure counter-attack mechanics—which almost universally limit and control your opponent’s range of options—and reduce the overall game play simply because your opponent is less reactive. Yes, while there will always be people who enjoy fighting helpless opponents who just sit there and do nothing (see above, infinite case), I don't think that's a gameplay we should encourage. By hitting the chair you mean you are willing to play a game where opponents often use chairs to hit you for nothing? It's a scary thought. "
1	You seem to need to read this: "Not fun is not the same as anti-fun - it's an interesting distinction actually. Think of it in terms of positives, negatives and zero. Fun is clearly positive. Not fun is zero. Anti-fun is negative on this scale. Skills that fail the fun vs. anti-fun test are when a player's enjoyment isn't truly outweighed by the negative of the other player - And the important thing is that it's not zero-sum, surprisingly. The subjectivity of that comes when you set your zero point for things. However, there are a lot of things that just aren't not fun from the player's point of view and negatively fun for the opponent - If for example, I made a button that lets you physically beat someone with a chair on the other side of the screen - it's not pleasant for me - and it's very very negative for you. This is an example of a scenario to non-zero sum. fun principles get in the way of creativity" - well...not sure - you might want to ask yourself if creative uniqueness is a priority for designs or not - Solid gameplay, eg , is a great goal to strive for, even if it's not original. Even though I tinker around with crazy stuff all the time, I'd still trade something solid to play rather than original/unique and mediocre. " This statement somehow leads to thinking that having an infinite combo in a game is good design, as it supposedly allows a player to have infinite gratification. Again, measurement is fun vs. anti-fun most of the time - Anivia's wall creates a lot more impressive moments than bad ones for your team - It's all about ratios - And as I've already said, it's a subjective point on which your zero point is. Anti-fun is usually embodied by lock-in, stop-off, or counter-obscure mechanics - these almost universally limit and control the opponent's range of options - leading to less play overall simply because your opponent reacts less. Yes, while there will always be people who find pleasure in fighting helpless opponents who just sit there and do nothing at all (see above, for the infinite case), I don't think that's a gameplay that we should encourage. Chair-Beating You tell me you would gladly play a game, where once in a while the opponent happens to beat you senseless with a chair? It's kind of a scary thought."
1	Sounds like you need to read this: "Fun is not the same as anti-fun - it's actually an interesting difference. Think about it in a positive, negative and zero sense. Fun is obviously positive. It's not fun it's zero. Anti-fun is negative on Skills that fail the test of fun and anti-fun is when one player's fun doesn't conflict with another player's negative score - And it's important that this isn't a zero sum, surprisingly.The subjectivity of this comes when you set your zero point for things. , there are many things that are simply not fun from a player's perspective and that are negatively fun for the opponent - If, for example, I made a button that allows you to physically beat someone with a chair on the other side of the screen - I'm not comfortable - and for you very, very negative.This is an example of a zero-sum scenario.As for the concern that ‘anti-entertainment principles hinder creativity’ - well .. I’m not sure about that - you might want to Ask yourself whether creative uniqueness is a priority for design or not - A solid game, for example, is a great goal to strive for, even if it is unoriginal. Even though I mess with crazy things all the time, I would always change something that’s solid to play with, not original / unique and mediocre. ”“ Don’t you understand that people who do stunning and shooting are also having fun? That statement in a way suggests that the infinite combination in the game is a good design because it supposedly gives one player an infinite amount of pleasure. Again, measure is fun and anti-fun a lot of the time - Anivia’s wall creates a lot more great moments than bad ones for your team - It’s about ratios - And like I said, it’s the subjective point where your zero point is. Anti-entertainment is usually embodied by the mechanics of locking, shutting down, or fuzzy counters - they almost universally limit and control the range of your opponent’s options - leading to less play generally simply because your opponent reacts less. Yes, although there will always be people who will enjoy fighting helpless opponents who just sit back and do nothing (see above, for the endless case), I don’t think this is a game we should encourage. Beating stool. Are you telling me that you would love to play a game in which every so often your opponent can beat you pointlessly with a chair? It's kind of scary. "
1	It sounds like you need to read this: "Not fun isn't the same as anti-fun-it's actually an interesting distinction. Think of it in positive, negative, and zero terms. Fun. Is clearly positive. There is nothing that is not fun. Anti-fun is negative on that scale. Skills that fail the fun vs. anti-fun test are that one player's fun is negative for the other. If not really offset by-and the important thing is that this is not a zero sum, surprisingly the subjectivity of this comes to setting the zero point of things, but the opponent There are a lot of things that are simply uninteresting from the player's point of view, which is a negative pleasure for you-for example, if I made a button this would put a chair on the other side of the screen and physically beat someone. Yes, this isn't fun for me, but it's very negative. This is an example of a non-zero sum scenario. Fun principles hinder creativity. "-Well .. I'm not sure about that. -Ask yourself if creative identity is a design priority. For example, solid gameplay is a big goal to work on, even if it's not original. I'm always tinkering with crazy stuff, but I'm always exchanging solid stuff, not original / unique and mediocre stuff. "Don't you understand that people who do stun locks and bursts are also having fun? Such remarks say that having endless combos in the game gives one player endless satisfaction. It seems to lead to the idea of ​​good design. Again, majors are often fun counter-fun-the Anivia wall creates far better moments than bad for your team. Masu-it's about ratios-and, as I said before, it's a subjective point about where your zero point is. Antifans are usually lockdowns, shutdowns, or ambiguous counters. It's embodied by mechanics-they almost universally limit and control the range of opponent's options-there's less overall play just because the opponent's reaction is less, yes, just there. There are always people who are happy to sit in and fight helpless enemies who do nothing (see above for infinite cases), but I don't think this is the gameplay we should encourage. I'm telling me that you'll be happy to play the game, where your opponent often hits you pointlessly in a chair? That's a bit scary idea. "
1	This sounds like you should read: "No joke is not the same as anti-fun - it's an interesting distinction actually. Think of it in terms of positive, negative and pitching. Fun is just plain positive. No joke is not good. Anti-fun on that scale is negative The lack of game vs. anti-fun test is when one player's fun is not counterbalanced negatively in the other game - and this is not a total zero. These are simply not jokes from the actors' perspective, which is a negative joke on your opponent - for example if I made a button that lets you physically beat someone with a chair across the screen - which is not interesting to me - and that's very negative for you. As regards the "anti-fun principles that impede creativity" - well.. I'm not sure about it - you may want to ask yourself whether creative uniqueness or not is a priority of designs or not - Solid gameplay, for example thank you, it is a great end to struggle, even if it is unoriginal. Although I tinker with crazy all the time, I always deliver something solid for the game rather than the original/unique and mediocre."That kind of leads to the thought that an infinity combo in gameplay is a good strategy, because it just allows one player to have an unlimited amount of gratification. Again, measure It's fun vs. anti-fun a lot of the time - The Wall of Anivia creates more horrific moments than bad for your team - It's one of the reasons - And like I said before, there's no point in which your point is independently. Closed or Dark Encounter Mechanics - This will almost generally restrict and control the opponent's breadth of choices - leading to lower overall gameplay simply because the opponent reacts less. see above for unlimited chances) I don't think this game should be encouraged So often, does it take you to beat your stupid chair? That's kind of a scary thought.
1	You sound like you need to read this: "No fun is not the same as anti-fun - it's actually an interesting distinction. Think of it in positive, negative and zero terms. Fun is clearly positive. No fun is zero. Anti-fun is negative on that scale, skills that fail in the fun vs. anti-fun test are when one player's fun is not really offset by the negative on the other player - and the most important thing is that this is not zero sum, surprising. The subjectivity of this comes where you set your zero point for things, but there are many things that are simply not fun from a player perspective that are negatively fun for the opponent - if I made a button that allows you to physically hit someone with a chair, for example on the other side of the screen - it's not nice to me - and it's very very negative to you.It's an example of a non-zero-sum scenario.As for the concern that 'anti-fun principles hinder creativity' - well. . I'm not sure that - you may want to ask yourself whether creative uniqueness is a priority for design or not - Solid gameplay, for example, is a great goal to strive for, even if it is unoriginal. Even though I tinker with crazy things all the time, I would always switch something that is solid to play instead of original / unique and mediocre. "" Do not you understand that those who do stunlocking and blasting also have fun? That statement leads in a way to the idea that having an infinite combination in a game is good design because it supposedly allows a player to get an infinite amount of satisfaction. Again, the goal is fun versus anti-fun much of the time - Anivia's wall creates many more wonderful moments than bad for your team - It's about relationships - And like I said before, it's a subjective point about where your zero point is. is. Anti-fun is usually embodied by lock-down, shut-down or obscure-counter mechanics - They limit almost universally and control the opponent's choice of options - leading to less play overall because your opponent reacts less. Yes, although there will always be people who find joy in fighting helpless opponents who just sit there and do nothing at all (see above, for the endless case), I do not think this is gameplay we should encourage . Chair-Beating You tell me that you want to play a game where the opponent can sometimes beat you pointless with a chair? It's a kind of scary thought. "
1	Sounds like you need to read this: "No fun is not the same as anti-fun; actually, it's an interesting distinction. Think of it in terms of positive, negative, and zero. Fun is clearly positive. No fun is Zero. Anti -fun is negative on that scale. The skills that fail the fun versus anti-fun test are when one player's fun isn't really offset by the other player's negative. And the important thing is that this isn't a sum zero, surprisingly. The subjectivity of this comes when you set your zero point for things. However, there are a lot of things that are just not fun from the player's perspective that are fun negatives for the opponent: if, for example, I made a button that allows you to physically hit someone with a chair on the other side of the screen, that's not nice for me, and it's very, very negative for you. That's an example of a non-zero-sum scenario. to the concern that 'anti-fun principles are getting in the way of creativity' - well... not sure about that - you might want to ask yourself if creative uniqueness is a priority for designs or not: strong gameplay, by the way. example, it's a great goal to strive for, even if it's not original. Even though I play crazy stuff all the time, I'd always trade something that's solid to play instead of original/unique and mediocre." That statement leads one to think that having an infinite combo in a game is good design because it supposedly allows for a player to have an infinite amount of gratification. Again, the measure is fun versus unfun most of the time: Anivia's wall creates a lot more awesome moments than bad for your team. It's all about proportions. And like I said before , is a subjective point at which your zero point is.Anti-fun is usually represented by blocking, closing or dark counter mechanisms: they almost universally restrict and control the opponent's range of options, leading to less game in usually simply because their opponent reacts less Yes, although there will always be people who like to fight defenseless opponents who just sit there and do nothing (see above for the infinite case), I don't think this is a game we should encourage. Hitting a chair Are you telling me that you would be willing to play a game where, from time to time, your opponent hits you senseless with a chair? That's a bit of a scary thought."
1	It sounds like you need to read this: "Not fun is not the same as anti-fun - it's a really interesting difference. Think about the positive, negative and zero words. Happiness is clearly positive. Not happiness is Zero. Anti-happiness is negative to a degree. The skill that does not pass the test of fun against fun is when the happiness of one player does not compare with the negative of the other player - And the important thing is this is not a total zero, surprisingly. The importance of this comes when you put zero points for objects. However, there are a lot of things that are not fun from the player's point of view that are negatively pleasing to the opponent - If for example, I made a button. That allows you to physically hit someone with a chair on the other side of the screen For example, this is a case of zero. Concerned neo-hippies and their global warming, i'll tell ya. uniqueness is a priority or not - effective play, for example, is the main goal of striving, even if it is not natural. Although I do not always look crazy, I would always change something that is solid to play instead of the original / unique and average. " one player having an unlimited level of satisfaction.Again, the measure is fun against the fun resist often - Anivia wall creates a lot more amazing events than bad for your team - It's about balance - And as I said before, it The basic thing about where your zero points are is that protection against fun is usually compounded by closing, closing, or subtle counter tactics - almost blocking and controlling the opponent's various options - resulting in less play overall because the opponent Yes, when there will always be people who are happy to fight against weak opponents who just sit there and do nothing. whatever (see above, for the unlimited case), I do not think this is a drama that we should encourage. Hitting the Chair You tell me that you would like to play the game voluntarily, where every once in a while, an opponent gets to hit you useless with a chair? That's kind of scary. ”
1	Sounds like you need to read this: "Unpleasantness is not the same as opposition to entertainment - the difference is really interesting. Think about it with straightforward, negative and zero words. Fun is obviously good. It's not fun Zero. Anti - fun has a negative on that scale. and the opposite of entertainment is where one player's entertainment can be compared to another player's bad - And the important thing is that this is not a zero amount, Surprisingly. that allows you to literally hit someone with a chair on the other side of the screen - that does not please me - and it is very bad. Fun principles prevent art '- well .. I'm not sure about that - you may want to ask yourself whether creative diversity is the best or not - A strong game, for example, is a good goal to pursue, even if it is not real. Although I'm always sharpening things upside down, I always trade something solid that I can play with instead of the first / unique and middle thing. "" Don't you realize that people who do amazing and explosive things also have fun? That statement leads to the idea that having an endless combo in the game is a good design because it allows one player to have an unlimited amount of satisfaction. Also, the rating is nice compared to the inconsistencies and entertainment most of the time - Anivia Wall creates a lot better times than your team's worst - It's about ratings - And as I said before, the point is to define where your zero point is. it is. Anti-entertainment is often associated with locks, shutters, or obscure counter mechanics - which almost limit and control the range of rival options - resulting in less play overall because your enemy responds slower. Well, while there will always be people who find joy in fighting helpless opponents who just sit there and do nothing at all (see above, because of the endless crime), I do not think this is a game we should encourage. Hitting the Chair You tell me you can voluntarily play a game, when your opponent finds you hitting you crazy with a chair? That's a scary thought. "
1	It was all day long, I was with my brother last night, it was his first PVP game after learning the maps and controls and so against AI, we told everyone beforehand he is new and he has Ashe, I took Pantheon and told us we were going to top track. Once we started, two other guys went up and we were blocked with things like "little noobs go down" "GG guys have already lost a noob", now I would like to say that I am now level 15, and even though these guys claim to be on Smurf accounts and would dominate the game, they fed and the track collapsed and they blamed it on us being our noobs even though our track stayed strong and I had a few strolled a few times in the middle to help.
1	All day, I was with my brother last night, this is his first PVP game after learning maps and controls and so on against AI, we told everyone in advance that he was a novice, he went to Ashe, I brought Pantheon, we Said we were going to hit the road. When we started, the other two got to the top and we got blamed for "little rookies bottomed out" "GG losers already got rookies", and now I'd say I'm level 15 now, though These guys claim to be Smurf accounts and intend to dominate the game, they get fed, the lanes collapse, they accuse us of being rookies, even though our lanes stay strong and I gank a few times in the mid lane to help.
1	This all day I was with my brother last night this was his first PVP game after learning maps and controls and such against the AI ​​we told everyone before he was new and he went Ashe, I took Pantheon and told us we were going top lane. As soon as we started two other guys went upstairs and we were crossed out with things like "little noobs go downstairs" "GG guys already lost a noob" now I'd like to say I'm at level 15 now and even though these guys pretended to be on smurfs accounts and was going to run the game they got fed and the lane collapsed and they blamed us for being noobs even though our lane is stayed strong and ganked several times to help.
1	This all day, I was with my brother last night, it was his first PVP game after he learned maps and controls and the like as against AI, we told everyone in advance that he was new and Ashe left, I took the Pantheon and we said yes we go up the lane. Soon when we started, two other guys went to the top and we got banned with things like “little noobs go to the bottom” “GG guys lost already got a noob”, now I’d like to say I’m now at level 15, and although these guys claimed we were on Smurfs ’accounts and would lead the game, they fed and the tape collapsed and blamed us for being noobs even though our last year stayed strong and I ganked a few times in the middle to help.
1	All day long, I was with my brother last night, it was his first PVP game after learning maps, controls, etc. for AI, we told everyone in advance that he was new and he I went to Ash, I took Pantheon and us and said we were going to the top lane. As soon as we started, the other two guys came to the top, saying, "A little beginner goes down," "The GG guy lost, he already got a nouveau." It was suppressed. They were on Smurf's account and intended to be the boss of the game, so they fed and the lane collapsed.
1	This whole day, when my brother was yesterday, his first launch game after recordings and powers and the like against AI, we talked about everything before it was new and went to Ashe, and we won the Pantheon. we were on our way to the top lane. As soon as we started with two other guys we reached the top and we reached barred things like "little noobs we're going down" "GG guys lost already a noob", now i'd like to say now 15 now, and you may ask for these in Latin. Smurf systems and game bubbles kept going and the lane collapsed and we criticized the fact that we were noobs, although our lane stayed strong and i went in the middle a couple of times to help.
1	This all day long, I was on with my brother last night, it was his first PVP game after learning the maps and controls and such against AI, we all told in advance that he was new and he went Ashe, I took Pantheon and we said we were going to go top lane. As soon as we started, two other guys went to the top and we were blocked with things like "little noobs go bottom" "GG guys lost already got a noob", now I would like to state that I am level 15 now, and although these guys claimed to be on Smurf accounts and were in control of the game, they fed and the course collapsed, and they accused us of being noobs, even though our course remained strong and I gave in midway a couple of times to help.
1	This all day I was with my brother last night it was his first PVP game after learning the maps and controls and stuff against the AI ​​we told everyone beforehand he was new and he became Ashe I took Pantheon and we said that we were going to the top lane. As soon as we started two other guys came up and bombarded us with things like "little rookies go rock bottom" "GG guys lost already got a rookie" now I'd like to say I'm level 15 now and even though these guys they claimed to be on the smurf accounts and were going to run the game, they fed and the lane collapsed and they blamed us for being rookies even though our lane held strong and i got caught a couple of times to help out.
1	This whole day, I continued with my brother last night, it was his first PVP game after learning maps and controls and as well as against AI, we told everyone before hand that he was new and went to Ashe, I took Pantheon with us. he said we are going way up. As soon as we started the other two guys went upstairs and we dealt with things like "little noobs going down" "GG guys lost already got a noob", now I'd say I'm 15th level now, and though these people claimed it. being on Smurf accounts and they were going to manage the game, they ate and the road collapsed and they blamed us for being stupid even though our route remained stable and I jumped in the middle several times to help.
1	This whole day, I was with my brother last night, it was his first PVP game after reading maps and controls and other things like anti-AI, we told everyone before he was young and left Ashe, I took the Pantheon and said we were going up. As soon as we started the other two boys went upstairs and we encountered things like "little noobs go down" "GG boys lost they already have a noob", now I'd like to say I'm level 15 now, and even though these guys say to be on Smurf accounts and we would manage the game, they ate and the trail broke down and they blamed us for being noobs even though our trail was always solid and I stepped in a few times to help.
1	Www.solomid.net is currently one of the best sites to get reliable (is that how you say it?:>) Information. Do not go to MOBAfire, it is quite unreliable, but on Solomid guides have to be approved by the Solomid team + TSM (a pro team) makes guides themselves. I know that when I started playing a year ago and found out that the recommended items were sucking, I would choose my champion to go to a website and look up my build. You do not have to memorize it, when you need to buy something, "Alt + Tb", select your browser screen and see which items are viable on your champion. You can follow the standard build if you still do not feel confident enough or you can choose more Magic Resistance / Weapons / Damage (depends on whether you lose / win track) in the items selected as 'good' for your chosen champion. Either way, it's better than following recommended and if you're just following the standard build, do not worry. The longer you play, the more confident you will gain in choosing which items are best in which situation.
1	Www.solomid.net is currently one of the best sites for reliable information (did you say so? :>). Don't go for MOBAfire, it's pretty unreliable, but on Solomid, Guids need to be approved by the Solomid team - the team + TSM (Team of Professionals) make the guides themselves. I know when I started playing a year ago and found the recommended items to be terrible, I would pick my hero and go to a website and check out my build. You don't need to remember it, when you need to buy something, you "Alt+Tb", select your browser screen, and see what items are available on your hero. If you're not confident enough yet, you can build as standard, or you can choose more magic resistance/armor/damage (depending on whether you lose/win) in items selected as "good". champion. Either way is better than following the recommendations, don't worry if you're just following the standard build. The longer you play, the more confident you will be in choosing the best item in any situation.
1	Www.solomid.net is currently one of the best sites for getting reliable information (is that how you say it? :>). Don't go to MOBAfire, it's pretty unreliable but on Solomid the guides have to be approved by the Solomid + TSM team (a pro team) makes the guides themselves. I know that when I started playing a year ago and found out the recommended items sucked, I was picking my champion, going to a site, and looking for my build. You don't have to memorize it, when you need to buy something you "Alt + Tb", select your browser screen and see what items are viable on your champion. You can follow the standard build if you don't feel confident enough yet or you can choose more resistances/armor/magic damage (depending on if you lose/win lane) in items that are selected as "good" for your choice . champion. Either way, it's better than following the recommendations and if you're just following the standard builds, don't worry. The longer you play, the more confidence you will have in choosing which items are best in which situation.
1	Www.solomid.net is currently one of the best sites for getting reliable (is that what you say?:>) Information. Don't go to MOBAfire, it's pretty unreliable, but on Solomid the guides have to be approved by Solomid-team + TSM (professional team) makes the guides themselves. I know that when I started playing a year ago and found that the recommended items were bad, I would choose my champion, go to the website and look for my version. You don’t have to remember that, when you need to buy something “Alt + Tb”, choose your browser screen and see which items are viable on your champion. You can follow standard build if you don't feel confident enough yet or you can choose more magic resistance / armor / damage (depending on whether you lose / win track) in items selected as 'good' for your chosen champion. Either way is better than following the recommended ones, and if you just follow the standard versions, don’t worry. The longer you play, the more confident you will be in choosing the items that are best in which situation.
1	Www.solomid.net is currently one of the best sites to get reliable (is this your way? :>) information. Please do not go to MOBAfire. Very unreliable, but with Solomid, guides must be approved by Solomid. Team + TSM (Pro Team) will create a guide. I know I started playing a year ago and when I realized that I was sucking in some of the recommended items, I chose a champion to visit the site and inspect the build. You don't have to remember it. If you need to buy something with "Alt + Tb", select your browser screen to see what the champion can do. If you're still not confident enough, you can follow the standard build. Or you can choose more magic resistance / armor / damage (depending on whether you lose / win or not) with the item selected as "good" for the selected item. Both methods are better than following the recommendations. Just follow the standard build and don't worry. The longer you play, the more confident you will be in choosing which item is best for you in what situation.
1	Www.solomid.net is currently one of the best places to trust (this is how you say that! :>) information. Don't go to MOBAfire, it's very ambiguous, but in Solomid, the guides approved by Solomid-TSM + TSM (a pro team) are the leaders themselves. I know when I started playing a year ago and I sucked on items being committed, I'm going to have to go build my defender and look into my position. You don't need to remember it, when you need to buy something "Alt+Tb", choose your browser screen and see what items are viable in your boxer. You can follow the standard build if you don't already feel confident enough, or you can get more Magic Resist/Armor/Loss (depending on if losing/winning lane) on those that are selected for "Good". a defender. Either way is better than the following recommended and if you just follow the edifying rule, don't worry. The longer you play, the safer you'll be when choosing what's best for you in this situation.
1	Www.solomid.net is currently one of the best sites for getting reliable (is that how you say it?:>) Information. Do not go to MOBAfire, it is quite unreliable, but on Solomid guides must be approved by the Solomid team + TSM (a pro team) creates guides themselves. I know that when I started playing a year ago and found that the recommended items were bad, I would choose my master, go to a website and look up my building. You do not have to remember that, when you need to buy something you "Alt + Tb", select the browser screen and see which items are viable on your master. You can follow the standard build if you do not feel confident yet, or you can choose more magical opponents / armor / damage (depending on whether you lose / win course) in the items selected as "good" for your chosen champion. Either way, it's better than following recommended, and if you just follow the standard builds, do not worry. The longer you play, the more confident you become in choosing which items are best in which situation.
1	Www.solomid.net is currently one of the best sites for reliable information (is that how you say it? :> ). Don't go to MOBAfire, it's pretty unreliable, but in Solomid, the guides need to be approved by the Solomid + TSM team (a professional team) they do the guides themselves. I know when I started playing a year ago and found that the recommended items sucked, I would pick my champion, go to a site, and look up my build. You don't need to memorize it, when you need to buy something you press "Alt+Tb", select your browser screen and see what items are viable on your champion. You can follow the standard build if you still don't feel confident enough or you can pick more magic/armor/damage resists (depends on whether you're losing or winning lane) on items that are selected as 'good' for your chosen champion. Either way is better than following the recommendations and if you just follow the standard builds, don't worry. The more you play, the more confident you will be in choosing which items are best in which situation.
1	Www.solomid.net is currently one of the best loyalty sites (is this what you say?:>) Information. Do not go to MOBAfire, it is completely unreliable but on Solomid, the Guidelines need to be approved by the Solomid + TSM team (professional team) forming the guides themselves. I know that when I started playing a year ago and discovered the recommended items used, I would have chosen my champion to go to the site and find my design. You do not need to memorize it, when you need to buy something "Alt + Tb", select your browser screen and see which items can be used for your champion. You can follow the normal pattern if you are still not confident enough or you can choose more Magical resistance / weapons / damage (depending on whether you lose / win way) in products that have been selected as 'good' for your chosen one. champion. Either way is better than following the recommended one and if you just follow the normal standards, do not worry. The longer you play, the more confident you become in choosing the things that are best for you.
1	Www.solomid.net is currently one of the best sites for personal (you mean?:>) Information. Do not go to MOBAfire, it is not very reliable but to Solomid, The guidelines need to be approved by the Solomid + TSM team (expert team) making their own guidelines. I know that when I started playing last year and getting the recommended stuff, I would pick my champion to go to the site and look after my building. You do not need to memorize it, if you need to buy something "Alt + Tb", select your browser screen and see which items work for your master. You can follow the normal construction if you are not confident enough right now or you can choose to resist magic / weapons / damage (depending on whether you lose / win a route) on the 'good' options you have selected. champion. Either way is better than following the recommended one and if you just follow the normal construction, don't worry. The longer you play, the more confident you will be in choosing which items are best for what situation.
1	Dude I also have a smurf, and I do not like the lvl 30 being rude and good for your real noobs (nothing offensive) They are like OMG noob keep on feeding while the guy only got maximum 50 games. Hate it because you can not learn from it. And actually I found out that most lvl 10-15 players I play with are lvl 30 smurfs, and that shocks me. Of course I troll people at those games, get weird choices, AP ashe and stuff, and I still carry because I know the mechanics, but I'm tired of people here raping noobs, and raging against their teammates.
1	Dude I have a smurf too, I don't like those lvl 30 rudeness and stuff to your real rookie (no offense) they're like OMG rookie stop feeding and this guy only has 50 games max. Hate that one because you can't learn from it. I actually found out that most of the level 10-15 players I played were level 30 Smurfs, which shocked me. Of course I'm a troll man in those games, getting weird options, AP ash and stuff, which I still carry because I know the mechanics, but I'm tired of people here raping newbies and wreaking havoc on their teammates.
1	Man, I have a smurf too, and I don't like these level 30s being rude and stuff for you real noobs (nothing offensive) I hate that because you can't learn from that. And actually, I found out that most of the level 10-15 players I play with are level 30 smurfs, and that shocks me. Sure I'm trollins at these games, I get weird picks, AP ashes and stuff, and I always carry because I know the mechanics, but I'm sick of people here raping noobs, and rage igniting their teammates.
1	Dude and I have a smurf, and I don't like those lvl 30s being rude and things towards you real noobs (nothing offensive) They're like an OMG noob, stop feeding while the guy has a maximum of 50 games. You hate it because you can’t learn from it. And I actually found out that most lvl 10-15 players I play with are 30 lvl smurfs, and that shocks me. Sure, I troll people in those games, I get weird keys, AP ash and stuff, and I still wear it because I know the mechanics, but I’m tired of people here raping noobs and raging fires on their teammates.
1	Hey I also have a smurf, and I hate that those level 30s are rude and real beginners to you (nothing unpleasant) and hate why you can't learn from it. And in fact, most level 10-15 players I play turned out to be level 30 smurfs, which shocks me. Of course, I'm the trolley people in those games and I'm getting weird picks, AP ash, etc., and I carry because I still know the mechanics, but I'm the people here for beginners Tired of raping and getting angry with their teammates.
1	Dude I have such a smurf, and it annoys them lvl 30 to be rude and give you real noobs (no offense) They're like omg noob guy just stop feeding until he got 50 games max. Hate the reason you can't learn from it. And really I found most players lvl 10-15 players with lvl 30 Smurfs, and what bothers me. I mean, I'm a trollinus for those games, picks aliens, I get dust and AP stuff, and I know the mechanics still carry a reason, but I'm sick of noobs here to kidnap people, and go mad at their teamates in flames.
1	Dude, I have a smurf too, and I dislike that they lvl 30 are rude and that kind of thing to you real noobs (nothing offensive) They are like OMG noob stop feeding while the guy just got 50 games max. Hate it because you can not learn from it. And in fact, I found out that most lvl 10-15 players I play with are lvl 30 smurfs, and that shocks me. Of course I'm sorcerers at that game, get weird choices, AP ashes and stuff, and I still carry because I know the mechanics, but I'm tired of people here for raping noobs, and raging and burning against their teammates.
1	Dude, I have a smurf too, and I don't like when those level 30s are rude and do things to you real newbies (nothing offensive). I hate that because you can't learn from it. And I actually found out that most of the level 10-15 players I play with are level 30 Smurfs, and that surprises me. Of course I'm cheating people in those games, getting weird picks, AP ash and stuff, and I still carry it because I know the mechanics, but I'm sick of people here to rape newbies and piss off their teammates .
1	Dude I'm also shocked, and I do not like those 30 lvl to be rude and your stupid stuff (nothing annoying) They look like OMG noob to stop feeding while the family has only 50 games. Hate because you can’t learn from it. And I actually found out that most of the lvl 10-15 players I play with are lvl 30 smurfs, and that shocks me. Ofcourse I am trollin people in those games, I get weird picks, AP ashe and stuff, and I still bear cause I know mechanics, but I am sick of people here raping noobs, and hot fires for their teams.
1	Compatriots I also have a smurf, and I do not like those lvl 30 to be raw and stuff for you real noobs (nothing annoying) They are like OMG noob stop eating while the boy has just got 50 games in total. Hate that because you can't learn from that. And I actually found out that most of the lvl 10-15 players I play with are lvl 30 smurfs, and that shocks me. Yes I am trollin people in that game, I get weird picks, AP burns and so on, and I still have reason to know the mechanics, but I get sick people here to rape noobs, and burn flames at their partners.
1	I just want to say: I just created a new smurf account so I can get a new account to try and settle with, without polluting my head. When I chose the initial skill level, I chose the easiest one because I thought it would suit me against most people. What I found is that 7 out of 10 people in my matches (myself included) all smurf. People build dual GP10, guards, use shurelias, randuins and aegis. I have to say that there are some people who are absolutely retarded, but it seems like most people who do not smurf pick up the game much faster than I do because people are helpful for honor points. That said, if you're a new player and your teammate explains last hit, build advice, and the point that boots are a must-have item, and you do not listen, you're going to be in a tough time. .
1	Suffice it to say: I just created a new Smurfs account so I can get a new account to try and rank without polluting my main account. When I picked the initial skill level, I chose the easiest level because I thought that would match me with most people. I found that 7 out of 10 people in my game (including myself) were Smurfs. People are building twin GP10s, guards, using shurelya, randuins and aegis. I must say, there are some people who are absolutely mentally retarded, but most people who don't play Smurfs seem to start the game faster than me because people help with honor points. That being said, if you're a new player and your teammates explain the final blow, build advice, and the point that boots are a must-have item, and you don't listen, you're going to have a rough time.
1	I just want to say that: I just created a new smurf account so I could get a new account to try ranked with, without tainting my main account. When I chose the initial skill level, I selected the easiest because I thought it would match up with most people. What I've found is that 7 out of 10 people in my matches (myself included) are all smurfs. People build double GP10s, guards, using shurelya, randuins and aegis. I have to say there are a few people who were completely delayed, but most of the people who don't smurf seem to pick up the game a lot quicker than me because people are useful for honor points. That being said, if you're a new player and your teammate explains the final move, build tips, and how boots are a must-have, and you're not listening, you're in for a tough time. .
1	I just want to say this: I just made a new smurf account so I can get a new account to try to rank without ruining my master. When I chose the initial skill level, I chose the easiest because I thought it would match me with most people. What I discovered is that 7 out of 10 people in my games (including me) are all smurfs. People build double GP10, protecting, using shurelya, randuine and aegis. I have to say there are a few people who have been fucking retarded, but it seems like most people who don’t snort take over the game a lot faster than me because people have been helpful for honor points. Plus, if you’re a new player and your teammate explains tips on the final punch, build, and the point that football boots are a must-have, and you’re not listening, hard times await you.
1	I just want to say that I created a new smulf account so that I can get a new account to try to rank without polluting the main. When I chose the first skill level, I thought I could play against most people, so I chose the simplest skill level. What I found was that 7 out of 10 people in my match (including myself) were all smurfs. People are building a double GP10 using Shurelia, Landuin and Aegis. I have to say that some people have been delayed, but most non-smurfs seem to start the game much earlier than I do, thanks to those who help me with honor points. is. That said, it's a tough time when you're a new player, your teammates explain the final blow, build advice, boots are a necessity, and you don't listen.
1	I only want to say this: smurf I created a new method so that I could try a new method without my main issue. When I chose the first skill level, I chose the easiest one, because it figured I was suited up against many people. What I found is that 7 out of 10 people among my peers (including me) are all smurfing. People double GP10 build, watch, and use shurelya, randuinis and aegis. I have to say that there are a few who have stopped absofuckinglute, but most people who aren't smurfing seem to read the game a lot faster than I did because they're useful for points of honor. That being said, if you're a new player and your teammate develops extreme hitting, construct a plan, and point out that these shoes should have an item, and you don't hear it, you're going to be rough on time. .
1	I just want to say that: I just created a new smurf account so I could get a new account to try ranked with, without ruining my main account. When I chose the initial skill level, I chose the simplest because I figured it would match me against most people. What I have found is that 7 out of 10 people in my matches (including myself) smurf. People build dual GP10, guard, use shurelya, randuiner and aegis. I have to say that there are a few people who have been incredibly retarded, but most who do not smurf seem to catch the game much faster than I did because people were helpful with honor points. That said, if you're a new player and your teammate explains the final blow, building advice and the point that boots are a must-have item and you are not listening, you're going to have a hard time.
1	I just want to say that: I just created a new smurf account so I can get a new account to try to qualify, without polluting my main account. When I chose the starting skill level, I selected the easiest one because I thought I would go up against most people. What I have found is that 7 out of 10 people in my matches (myself included) are Smurfs. People are building double GP10, protection, using shurelya, randuins and aegis. I must say that there are some people who have been fucking retarded, but most non-smurf people seem to pick up the game a lot quicker than me because people help earn honor points. That said, if you're a new player and your teammate walks you through the latest hits, build tips, and the point that boots are a must-have, and you don't listen, you're in for a tough time. .
1	I just want to say that: I have opened a new smurf account so I can get a new account to try to list with, without compromising my main account. When I chose the original level of proficiency, I chose the simplest one because I thought it would compare with most people. What I found was that 7 out of 10 people in my matches (myself included) are all negligent. People are building double GP10, wards, using backlya's, randuins and aegis. I must say that there are a few people who are very late, but most people who do not play seem to take the game much faster than I did because of people helping with respect marks. That being said, if you are a new player and your teammate explains hitting one last time, build advice, and make sure boots are a must have, and don’t listen, you will be in for a rough time. .
1	I just want to say: I just created a new smurf account so I can get a new account that I can try to rank with, without messing with my main one. When I chose the first skill level, I chose the simplest one because I realized that it would compare me with most people. What I have found is that 7 out of 10 people in my game (including myself) all swim. People are building a double GP10, ward, using bureaucrats, randuins and aegis. I must say that there are a few people who were completely ignored, but most non-players seem to take the game faster than me because of the people who help me score points. That being said, if you are a new player and your teammate explains the final beat, building advice, and the point that boots are something you should have, and don’t listen to, you will be in for a rough time. .
1	Yes, but they are at least absolutely awful. You will eventually catch up, just ignore them. Real smurfs are only there to play with their friends, and will rarely get angry with you because they actually know what they are doing and will not rely on teammates to do the same. They feel bad when they step too hard, and will usually apologize or try hard not to rub it in people's faces or go out of their way to steal murders from teammates. Bad smurfs will get angry for every mistake you make, use terms like "meta" or "counter jungle" to try to confuse you and make themselves look cool, and then get angry if you could not try as hard as they could. They will get angry at teammates who say "gg noob team" at the end of the game. They will usually lose because they can not adapt to lower level playing styles and will be bumped because they try to adhere to "high elo play tactics" while playing against level 5s.
1	Yes, but at least they are absolutely horrible. You'll catch up eventually, just ignore them. Real Smurfs just play with their friends and rarely get mad at you because they really know what they're doing and don't rely on teammates to do the same. When they step too hard, they feel bad, usually apologise or try not to rub in other people's faces, or go out of their way to steal teammates' killing element" or "anti-wild zone" to try to confuse you and make yourself look cool , and then get mad when you can't work as hard as they do. They'll get mad at their teammates at the end of the game by saying "gg noob team". They usually lose because they can't get used to the lower level play style and get mad because they're playing against 5 Was stomped on trying to follow a "high elo game strategy" while leveling up.
1	Yeah, but at least they're absolutely terrible. You'll catch up eventually, just ignore them. The real Smurfs are only there to play with their friends, and they will rarely rage at you because they actually know what they are doing and won't rely on their teammates to do the same. They feel bad when they hit too hard, and usually apologize or try hard not to rub it in people's faces or go out of their way to steal kills from their teammates. Evil Smurfs will get angry at every mistake you make, use terms like "meta" or "counter-jungle" to try to confuse you and make themselves look cool, then get angry when you don't. couldn't try as hard as they did. They will get mad at their teammates saying "gg noob team" at the end of the match. They will usually lose because they are unable to adapt to lower level playing styles and will be trampled because they try to conform to "high elo game tactics" while playing against level 5.
1	Yes, but at least they are absolutely awesome. You will eventually catch up with them, just ignore them. Real smurfs are only there to play with their friends and will rarely get mad at you because they actually know what they are doing and will not rely on teammates to do the same. They feel bad when they step on too much, and will usually apologize or try not to rub it in people's faces or try to steal murders from teammates Bad smurfs will get angry at your every mistake, use expressions like "target" or "jungle counter" to you try to confuse and make them look cool and then get angry when you can’t try as hard as they do. He will be angry with his teammates who say "gg noob team" at the end of the game. They will usually lose because they cannot adapt to lower game styles and will be trampled on as they try to adapt to “high elo game tactics” while playing against level 5.
1	Yeah, but at least they're absolutely terrible. You will eventually catch up, just ignore them. Real smurfs are only for playing with friends, they know what they are actually doing and don't rely on their teammates to do the same, so you rarely get angry with you. Trampling too much can make you feel sick and usually try not to apologize, rub against a person's face, or steal a murder from your teammates. A bad smurf gets angry with all the mistakes you make. "Meta" or "counter jungle" confuses you, tries to make you look cool, and gets angry when you can't work as hard as they do. They will get angry with their teammates by saying "ggnoob team" at the end of the game. They usually lose because they can't adapt to low-level play styles and are trampled to try to follow "high erotic play tactics" when playing at level 5.
1	Yeah, but at least they are very terrible. You will finally catch them, just ignore them. The Real Smurfs are only there to play with their friends, and they rarely rage at you, because they know what to do, and don't rely on their allies to get to the game. They feel bad when it's too hard, and often make excuses or try too hard not to rub people's faces or get out of the way to steal or kill their allies. goal" or "against the tundra" to try to confuse you and look cool, and then get angry when tryhard like they can't. And they are going to try to conform to the "high elo play system" while playing again in grade 5's.
1	Yes, but they are at least absolutely awful. You will take it again in the end, just ignore them. Real smurfs are only there to play with their friends, and will rarely rage at you because they actually know what they are doing and will not trust teammates to do the same. They feel bad when they trample too hard, and will usually apologize or try hard not to rub it in people's faces or go out of their way to steal kills from teammates. Bad smurfs will get angry at every mistake you make. Use terms like "meta" or "counter jungle" to try to confuse you and make you look cool, and then get angry when you could not try as hard as them. They will be angry at teammates who say "gg noob team" at the end of the game. They will usually lose because they are unable to adapt to lower level playing styles and will be trampled because they try to adapt to "high elo play tactics" while playing towards level 5.
1	Yes, but at least they are absolutely terrible. You will eventually catch up, just ignore them. The Royal Smurfs are just there to play with their friends and they will rarely get mad at you because they really know what they are doing and won't trust their teammates to do the same. They feel bad when they stomp too hard and usually apologize or go out of their way not to rub it in people's faces or go out of their way to steal kills from their teammates. Bad Smurfs get mad at every mistake you make, use terms like "meta" or "against jungle" to try to confuse you and look good, and then get mad when you couldn't try as hard as them. They will get mad at teammates who say "gg noob team" at the end of the game. They will usually lose because they can't adjust to lower tier playstyles and get trampled because they try to adjust to "higher tier play tactics" while playing against tier 5s.
1	Yes, but at least it is worse. You will find in the end, just ignore them. True friends are usually there to play with their friends, and they will usually be angry with you because they know what they are doing and will not expect their peers to do the same. They feel bad when they step on it too hard, and usually apologize or try too hard not to rub it on people's faces or get out of their way to steal murder from their peers Bad players will get angry at every mistake you make, use words like "meta" or "counter jungle "to try to confuse you and make them look calm, and then get angry when you couldn't try as hard as they did. They will be angry with their teammates saying "gg noob team" at the end of the game. They will usually lose because they are not used to low level playing styles and will be able to be trampled on because they are trying to conform to "high level of playing techniques" while playing again at level 5.
1	Yes, but at least it is worse. You will find in the end, just ignore them. Real smurfs exist only to play with their friends, and they will not be offended by you because they really know what they are doing and will not rely on teammates to do the same. They get upset when they step on hard, and often apologize or try hard not to rub it on people's faces or get out of their way to steal people who are being killed by their teammates. they are cool, and they get angry when you can try as hard as they do. They will be angry with their teammates for saying "gg noob team" at the end of the game. They will often lose out because they are unable to adapt to low-level gaming styles and will be trampled underfoot as they try to conform to "high elo play strategies" while playing phindats level 5's.
1	although I may be a rare case, I get flared up regularly because I'm a smurf on my level 16 account, because I'm angry at people who do not do things that are very simple like freezing and farming the track. , even though it's my main account. I enjoy having smurfs in my team, even if they are angry, because what they say at least holds value and they actually help the team win instead of simply complaining that the jungle or players near you who are not saving you and your death does not blame them when it's your fault in the first place to run over half the card for that murder
1	As rare as I may be, I do get slammed a lot for being a Smurf on my level 16 account because I get mad at people not doing very simple things like freezing lanes and farming, even though it's mine Main account. I do like having the Smurfs in my team even if they are angry because at least what they say has value and they are actually helping the team win instead of simply complaining about the jungler or nearby Players didn't save you and blamed you for your death they were your fault in the first place, ran halfway across the map to kill
1	although I may be a rare case, I get criticized quite often for being a smurf on my level 16 account because I get mad at people for not doing very simple things like lane freeze and farming, although this is my main account. I like having Smurfs on my team even if they are raging because at least what they say has value and they actually help the team win instead of just complaining that the jungler or the nearby players do not save you and blame your death. them when it's your fault in the first place for crossing half the map for that kill
1	although I may be a rare case, I am often angry because I am a smurf on my Level 16 account because I am angry at people not doing things that are very simple like freezing tape and growing, even though this is my main account. I enjoy having smurfs on my team, even if they get angry, because at least what they say has value and they actually help the team win instead of just complaining that the jungle or players nearby don't save you and blame your death on them when you're primarily guilty of running half the ticket for that killing
1	I may be a rare case, but this is my main account, but because I'm a smurf with a level 16 account because I'm angry with people by not doing very simple things like freezing lanes and farming. Frequently burns. At least what they're saying is worth it, not just complaining to nearby junglers and players who don't save you and blame your death, because they're actually helping the team win. , I enjoy having a smurf on my team when it's your fault to run across half of the map for that killing in the first place
1	Although I am a rare casualty, I have often been fired as a smurf in my 16th grade because of the savageness among people that they don't do the simplest things like freezing roads and agriculture, though this is my main reason. . I'm glad that the Smurfs are on my team, even if they're savage, because at least what they say has value and actually help their team win instead of simply complaining that I swear or the players near who save you and blame your death on it when it's your fault in the first place is like half the map running
1	Although I may be a rare case, I often get annoyed at being a smurf in my level 16 account because I rave about people not doing things that are very simple like freezing the path and farming, even though this is the main account my . I like to have smurfs in my team, even if they rage, because at least what they say has value, and they actually help the team win instead of just complaining that the jungle or players nearby who do not save you and blame on your death them when it is your fault in the first place to run over half the map to kill
1	although it may be a rare case, I get criticized quite often for being a smurf on my level 16 account because I get mad at people for not doing things that are very simple like freezing lane and farming, even though this is my main account . I enjoy having smurfs on my team, even if they get mad, because at least what they say has value and they are actually helping the team win instead of just complaining about the jungler or nearby players not saving you and blaming it on your death . them when it's your fault in the first place for running through half the map to kill
1	although I may be a rare case, I get angry from time to time for being naughty on my 16th level account because I get angry with people for not doing very simple things like roadblocking and farming, though this is my main account. . I really enjoy having razors on my team, even if they get angry, because what they say is valuable and they help the team win instead of just complaining that a player or close players are not saving and blaming your death. their time is your first offense to run on half of the map for the murder
1	although I may be rare, I tend to burn as a result of being a nuisance to my 16th grade account because I get angry with people for not doing simple things like freezing the trail and farming, though this is my big account. . I’m glad to have smurfs on my team, even if they’re upset, because at least what they say is important and actually helps the team win instead of complaining that the jungle or nearby players are not saving you and blaming your death. if it's your first mistake to run across half of the map with that kill
1	Don 't sweat it, man. I'm a pretty decent player and recently created a new account on BR server for ping reasons. You will not believe the amount of flame I get, although I always score positively. Assholes People who smurf believe that they are incredibly good, even though they probably do not yet have a good understanding of the game. Yes, it includes me and almost every smurf, which is why I never flare and neither does anyone. Try to give constructive advice and just enjoy the game. [
1	Don't sweat it, man. I'm a pretty good player and recently created a new account on the BR server for ping reasons. Even if I always score positive, you won't believe the amount of fire I get. Bastard smurfing people believe they are pretty good, even though they may not have mastered the game well yet. Yes, that includes me and pretty much all Smurfs, that's why I never get mad and shouldn't get anyone mad. Try to give constructive advice and enjoy the game. [
1	Don't worry about it, man. I'm a pretty decent gamer and recently created a new account on the BR server for ping reasons. You wouldn't believe the amount of flames I get even though I still have a positive score. Assholes People who smurf think they're insanely good even though they probably haven't mastered the game yet. more. Try to give constructive advice and just enjoy the game. [
1	Don't worry, man. I’m a pretty decent player and I recently created a new account on the BR server for ping reasons. You wouldn’t believe how much flame I get even though I’m always positive. Assholes People who sniff believe they are incredibly good even though they probably haven’t figured out the game well yet. Yes, that includes me and almost every smurf, so I never burn and I don't need anyone. Try to give constructive advice and just enjoy the game. [
1	Don't sweat. I'm a pretty decent player and recently created a new account on the BR server for ping reasons. I always give a positive score, but you wouldn't believe the amount of flame I get. Dislikes Smurfing people believe they are incredibly good, even though they probably don't fully understand the game yet. Yes, that includes me and almost every smurf, that's why I never burn, and no one should. Give constructive advice and enjoy the game. [
1	Don't sweat it, man. I'm a fairly decent player and recently did a new feature on BR server art. I don't believe in the amount of fire that I have, although I always score positive. People smurfing assholes believe they are incredibly good, although they probably still won't play a good game. So, because it includes me and almost every smurf, so there never should be a flame, nor should anyone. Try giving advice and just enjoy the game. [
1	Do not sweat it, man. I'm a pretty decent player and have recently created a new account on the BR server for ping reasons. You would not believe how much flame I get, even though I always score positively. Assholes People who smurfs think they're incredibly good, even though they probably have not gotten a good grip on the game yet. Yes, that includes me and almost every smurf, which is why I never flare nor should anyone. Try to give constructive advice and just enjoy the game. [
1	Do not worry man. I am a pretty decent gamer and recently created a new account on the BR server for ping reasons. You wouldn't believe the number of llamas I get even though I always get a positive score. Asshole People who smurf think they're insanely good, even though they probably don't quite understand the game yet. Yes, that includes me and almost all the smurfs, that's why I never call nor should anyone. Try to give constructive advice and just enjoy the game. [
1	Do not sweat. I am a good player and I recently created a new account on the BR server for ping reasons. You can’t believe the amount of flame I get even though I usually get a positive score. Assholes Slippers believe they are very good even though they may not have fully understood the game yet. Yes, that includes me and almost every smurf, which is why I am never hot and should not be anyone. Try to give good advice and just enjoy the game. [
1	Do not sweat man. I am a respected player and I recently created a new account on the BR server for ping reasons. You will not believe the amount of fire I get even though I always find myself positive. Assholes Laughing people believe they are incredibly beautiful even though they do not fully understand the game yet. Yeah Al that sounds pretty crap to me, Looks like BT aint for me either. Try to give constructive advice and just enjoy the game. [
0	That contradicts my 3 tickets this year and a half. behind a school bus in a school zone, they said I was driving 10mph faster than the bus I was directly behind. pulled down for 30mph My tail light was off and I was on my way to the hardware store in town to get a new light bulb, I used my hand signals and still pulled off and they gave me a $ 124 ticket for that one.
0	This contradicts my 3 tickets for this year and a half. Behind the school bus in the school district they said I was going 10 mph faster than the bus I was directly behind On my 17th birthday the speed zone changed from 25 mph to 35 mph and I was at 25 mph Last block in the hour zone, got pulled over at 30 mph my tail lights went out and I was on my way to the hardware store in town to get a new light bulb and I still got stopped with a hand signal and they gave Got me a $124 ticket.
0	This contradicts my 3 tickets this year and a half. behind a school bus in a school zone they said I was going 10 mph faster than the bus I was directly behind On my 17th birthday the speed zone went from 25 mph to 35 mph and I was on the last block in the 25 mph zone I had stopped to go 30 mph My tail light was off and I was going to the hardware store in town to get a new bulb I used my hand signals and I still got arrested and they gave me a $124 ticket for that one.
0	This is in contrast to my 3 tickets this year and a half. behind the school bus in the school zone, they said I was going 10mph faster than the bus I was directly behind On my 17th birthday the speed zone changed from 25mph to 35mph and I was on the last block of the 25mph zone, I got stopped for 30 miles per hour. My taillight was off and I was on my way to the hardware store in town to buy a new light bulb, I used hand signs and yet they stopped me and gave me a $ 124 ticket for that light bulb.
0	This is inconsistent with my three tickets this year. Behind the school bus in the school zone, I was told that I was traveling 10mph faster than the bus immediately behind. On my 17th birthday, the speed zone changed from 25mph to 35mph and I was in the last block of the 25mph zone. My taillight pulled to go to 30mph went out and I was on my way to a hardware store in town to get a new light bulb, I used a hand signal and was still pulled And they gave me a $ 124 ticket for it.
0	This contradicts my 3 password this year and a half. After the school bus was in the gym zone, they said that I was going 10mph faster than the bus I was directly after on my 17 birthday, was turning from 25mph to 35mph and I was in the last 25mph zone when I got up. My tail light was pulled out at 30mph on my way out and I was on a trip to the hardware store in town to receive a new bulb, I used my hand seals, and I still pulled out and they gave me one $124 ticket.
0	This contradicts my 3 tickets this year and a half. behind a school bus in a school zone they said that I drove 10 km / h faster than the bus I was right behind. stopped to go 30 mph My taillight was off and I was on my way to the hardware store in town to get a new bulb, I used my hand signals and was still pulled and they gave me a $ 124 ticket for it.
0	This contradicts my 3 entries this year and a half. behind a school bus in a school zone, they said I was going 10 mph faster than the bus directly behind On my 17th birthday, the speed zone was changing from 25 mph to 35 mph and I was in the last block of 25 mph zone, I got Pulled over for going 30 mph My tail light was out and I was on my way to the local hardware store to get a new bulb, used my hand signals and still got pulled over and ticketed of $124 for that.
0	This contradicts my 3 tickets this year and a half. behind the school bus in the school area, they said I was going 10mph faster than the bus I was directly behind On my 17th birthday the speed limit was changing from 25mph to 35mph and I was at the last stop of the 25mph, I got it. pulled up for going 30mph My tail light was off and I was on my way to the hardware store in town to get a new bulb, I used my hand gestures and was still attracted and they gave me a $ 124 ticket for that.
0	This contradicts my 3 tickets this year and a half. after a school bus in the school grounds, they said I was traveling 10mph faster than the bus I was directly behind. On my 17th birthday the speed limit was changing from 25mph to 35mph and I was on the last block of the 25mph zone, I found. I pulled a 30mph ride My tail light was off and I was on my way to the hardware store in town to get a new light, I used my hand signals and I was still being pulled and they gave me a $ 124 ticket for that.
0	Something crazy happened to me. I was driving back from a Modest Mouse show around midnight and since I live in a smaller town, the highway was empty and you could easily see anyone coming from any direction. I decided that since I've never been 100 mph in my shit little 98 camry, now is the time! So I start getting up to about 85 and there is this car that follows me and keeps pace as I increase my speed. I get up to about 105 and this car keeps pace. After about a minute I slowed down to about 80 and the car hissed past me. It was that particular province's sheriff. I shit myself, but in the end he turned in the opposite direction.
0	Even crazier things happened to me. I was driving back from a modest rat show at midnight because I live in a small town and the highway is deserted and you can easily see anyone coming from either direction. I decided that since I was driving my tattered 98 Camry that never hit 100 mph, now was the time! So I started going up to around 85 and the car followed me and kept up as I got up to speed. I got up to about 105 and the car kept pace. After about a minute, I slowed to around 80 and the cars whizzed past. It's the sheriff of that particular county. I pooped myself, but in the end he turned in the opposite direction.
0	Something crazier happened to me. I was coming back from a Modest Mouse show around midnight and since I live in a small town the highway was empty and you could easily see anyone coming from both sides. I decided that since I had never done 100 mph in my shitty little 98 camry, now is the time! So I start getting up around 85 and there's this car following me, keeping pace as I increase my speed. I go up to around 105 and this car keeps pace. After about a minute I slowed down to about 80 and the car passed me. He was the sheriff of that particular county. I pissed myself off but he spun in the opposite direction at the end.
0	Something crazier happened to me. I was driving off the Modest Mouse show around midnight, and since I live in a smaller town, the highway was empty and it is easy to see anyone coming from any direction. I decided that since I’ve never been 100 mph in my shitty little 98 camry, now is the time! So I start to get up to about 85 and this car follows me, keeping pace as I increase my speed. I get to about 105 and this car keeps up. After about a minute, I slowed down to about 80 and the car whistled at me. It was the sheriff of that county. I shit, but he eventually turned in the opposite direction.
0	Something crazy happened to me. I drove back from the Modest Mouse show around midnight. Since I live in a small town, the highway is empty and I can easily see everyone coming from either direction. I had never reached 100 mph with my crappy 98 Camry, so I decided it was time! So I started climbing up to around 85 and this car chased me and kept pace as I speeded up. I'm about 105 and this car is keeping pace. About a minute later, I slowed down to about 80 and the sound of the car passed me. It was a sheriff in that particular county. I did the shit myself, but he finally turned in the opposite direction.
0	Crazy something happened to me. Driven by the Mouse Modestus, they show me around midnight, and while I live in the smaller city, the road was empty, and you can easily see someone coming on either side. I decided to go with 100 mph on my shitty never 98 camry, now is the time! So I walk to 85 around 85 and this car is following me, keeping pace while I increase my speed. I get up at about 105 and waits for this car to step up. After about a minute, I stopped at about 80 and the car whistus passed me. He was the county sheriff. Me bout shit, but it turns out the opposite in the end.
0	Something crazier happened to me. I was driving back from a Modest Mouse show around midnight, and since I live in a small town, the highway was empty and you can easily see anyone coming from both directions. I decided that since I had never driven 100 mph in my crappy little 98 camry, it's time! So I start to get up to around 85 and it is this car that follows me, keeping pace as I increase my speed. I get up to about 105 and this car keeps up. After about one minute I sank down to about 80 and the car whizzed past me. It was the sheriff of the county in question. I shit myself, but he turned in the opposite direction at the end.
0	Something crazy happened to me. I was coming back from a Modest Mouse show around midnight and since I live in a smaller town the road was empty and you can easily see anyone coming from any direction. I decided that since I've never done 100 miles per hour in my shitty little 98 camry, now is the time! So I start to get to around 85 and there's this car following me, keeping up as I pick up speed. I get to about 105 and this car keeps up the pace. After about a minute I slowed down to about 80 and the car zoomed past me. He was the sheriff of that particular county. I'm about to shit myself, but he turned in the opposite direction at the end.
0	Something very strange happened to me. I was coming back from the Modest Mouse show around midnight and since I live in a small town, the highway was empty and you could easily see anyone coming from any direction. I decided that since I had never been 100 mph in my shitty little camry 98, now is the time! So I start climbing to about 85 and there is this car following me, keeping up the speed as I increase my speed. I get up to 105 and this car keeps moving. After about a minute, I slowed down to about 80 and a car crashed past me. It was the county sheriff. I hurt myself but he turned the other way at the end.
0	Something very bad happened to me. I was driving back from the Modest Mouse show at midnight and since I live in a small town, the highway was empty and you could easily see anyone coming from any direction. I decided that since I had never been 100 mph in my shitty little 98 camry, now is the time! So I start to climb until I reach 85 and there is this car following me, keeping pace as I increase my speed. I get to about 105 and this car comes with speed. After about a minute, I slowed down to about 80 and a car crashed past me. It was the sheriff of that country. I grabbed myself but he turned to the other side in the end.
0	I’ve gotten tickets for speed four times (so far); all donated by the California Highway Patrol. My second ticket was from a bad old-fashioned patrolman who said straight to me: "I only issue tickets for speed today. I do not care if you do not have your license or registration, you have rushed and that's what I have to give you a ticket. " I was on road 70 in a 55 (country road). He then told me most HPs will not even "look at you twice because you go 80 in a post 65-70". As someone who has taken this to heart since then, drives about 1200 miles a week, and is a regular weaver, I can say that it is absolutely true 99% of the time!
0	I've been fined four times (so far) for speeding; all from California Highway Patrol talent. My second ticket was from a bad old patrolman who told me bluntly "I'm only issuing tickets today. I don't care if you don't have a license or registration, you're speeding, that's what I gotta give you a ticket." I was driving 70 on 55 (country road). Then he told me that most HPs don't even "look at you twice with an 80 out of 65-70". As someone who's kept this in mind since then, drives about 1200 miles a week, and weaves a lot, I can say it's absolutely true 99% of the time!
0	I've been ticketed four times (so far) for speeding; all gifted to the California Highway Patrol. My second ticket was from a badass ex-patroller who said right away "I'm only giving out speeding tickets today. I don't care if you don't have your license or registration, you were speeding and that's what I have to give you a ticket for". I was going 70 in a 55 (country road). He then told me that most HP won't even "look twice at you for hitting 80 in a posted 65-70". As someone who has taken this to heart ever since, drives around 1200 miles a week and a frequent weaver, I can say 99% of the time this is absolutely true!
0	I have been punished four times (so far) for speeding; all donated by the California Highway Patrol. My second punishment was from a wicked oldtimer patrol who told me directly: "Today I only give speeding tickets. I don't care if you don't have your license or registration, you chased and that's what I have to give you a ticket for." I went 70 to 55 (country road). Then he told me that most HP won't even "look at you twice for 80 in the published 65-70". As someone who has taken this to heart since then, drives about 1,200 miles a week and is a frequent weaver, I can say that 99% of the time this is absolutely true!
0	I have been issued 4 times (so far) for speeding. All donated by the California Highway Patrol. My second ticket was, "Today I'm only giving out speeding tickets. It was speeding without a license or registration. I have to give you a ticket." I went to 70 on 55 (country road). Then he told me that most HPs "do not see you twice to be 80 in posted 65-70". He has kept this in mind since then, and as a frequent weaver who drives about 1200 miles a week, there's a 99% chance that it's absolutely true.
0	I've been four times (so far) speed ticketed; all donated by the California Highway Patrol. My second ticket was from a badass old-fashioned coward patrolman who said to me right, "I'm just going to give you tickets to get up today. I don't care if you don't have your license or registration, you are going and thats what I gotta give you a password." 70 to 55 (across the road). Then I said most HPs don't even "look twice to 80 to go with 65-70 in the posted". As someone who catches my heart, drives about 1200 miles a week, and is a frequent weaver, I can say it is true 99% of the time!
0	I have been fined four times (so far) for speed; all gifted from the California Highway Patrol. My other note was from a bad old patrolman who told me straight out: "I only issue fines for driving too fast today. I do not care if you do not have the certificate or your registration, you drove too fast and it is what I have to give you a ticket for ". I was going 70 in a 55 (highway). Then he told me that most HPs will not even "look at you twice to go 80 in a posted 65-70". As someone who has taken this to heart since then, drives about 1200 miles a week, and is a frequent weaver, I can say that 99% of the time it is absolutely true!
0	I've been ticketed four times (so far) for speeding; all gifted by the California Highway Patrol. My second ticket was from a veteran trooper who told me bluntly, "I'm just giving speeding tickets today. I don't care if you don't have your license or registration, you were speeding and that's what happened." I have to give you a ticket for". I was going 70 on a 55 (country road). He then told me that most HPs won't even "look at you twice for going 80 on a posted 65-70". As someone who has taken this to heart ever since, she drives about 1200 miles a week and knits frequently, I can say 99% of the time absolutely true!
0	I have been booked four times (so far) at high speed; all are gifted from the California Highway Police. My second ticket came from a bad old patrolman who directly told me "I'm just giving out a ticket at high speed today. I don't care if you don't have your license or registration, you were running fast and that's it. I have to give you a ticket." I was going 70 in 55 (country road). Then he told me a lot of HP even "won't look at you twice by going 80 on post 65-70". As someone who has taken this into account since then, runs about 1200 miles a week, and is a regular weaver, I can say that 99% of the time it is absolutely true!
0	I have been given a ticket four times (so far) for speeding; they all have a gift from the California Highway Patrol. My second ticket was from a temporary security guard who specifically told me that "I only give tickets because of the high speed today. I don't care if you don't have your license or registration, you were traveling at high speed and that's what I have to give you a ticket." I was traveling 70 out of 55 (country road). He then told me that most HPs would never “double-check with 80 of 65-70 posts”. As someone who has taken this to heart since then, driving about 1200 miles a week, and a regular weaver, I would say 99% of the time it is absolutely true!
0	Haha no, I do not live in Virginia, and from what I know of my friends who live in the area, they are not friendly. And to begin with, they do not like the army (SO MUCH military in that area). Just a personal opinion, but a lack of education and less stringent employment standards is a major issue with some LE departments across the country. For example, I have a graduate education, military experience, and I'm a woman, and I've had a hard time getting hired in my state (in New England). If I've moved back to Florida, this is where I're originally from, you do not even need a college degree (you need a lot of credits, but it differs). It was the "good old boys" who patrolled, and from what I remember, there were SO MUCH MORE police in Florida than there are in New England.
0	Haha no I don't live in VA and as far as my friends who live in the area know they are not friendly. And, first of all, they don't like the army (there are so many in that area). Just a personal opinion, but lack of education and less stringent hiring standards is a big problem for some LE departments across the country. For example, I have graduate education, military experience, and I'm a woman, which makes it difficult to get hired in my state (New England). If I move back to my home state of Florida, you don't even need a college degree (many people need some credits, but that will vary). The "good old boys" are on patrol, and as far as I know, there are far more cops in Florida than there are in New England.
0	Haha no, I don't live in Virginia, and from what I know of my friends who live in the area, they're not friendly. And, to boot, they don't like the military (SO much military in this area). Just a personal opinion, but lack of education and lower hiring standards are a big problem with some LE departments across the country. For example, I have a college education, military experience, and I'm female, and I had a hard time getting hired in my state (in New England). If I moved back to Florida, where I'm from, you don't even need a college degree (you often need a few credits, but it varies). It was the "good old boys" patrolling, and from what I remember there were MUCH MORE cops in Florida than there are in New England.
0	Haha no, I don’t live in Virginia, and as far as I know from my friends who live in the area, they are not in a friendly mood. And, let me hear, they don't like the army (SO MANY armies in the area). Just personal opinion, but lack of education and less stringent employment standards are a big problem with some LE departments across the country. For example, I have a bachelor's degree, military experience and am a woman, and it was difficult for me to get a job in my home country (New England). If I’m back in Florida, where I’m from, you don’t even need a college degree (many of you need some points, but that varies). They were patrolled by the “good old guys,” and as far as I can remember, there were MORE police officers in Florida than in New England.
0	Haha, I don't live in Virginia, and they aren't friendly because I know from my friends who live in the area. And to launch, they don't like the army (so many troops in the area). In my opinion, lack of education and strict recruitment standards are major issues for some LE departments across the country. For example, I have graduate education and military experience, a woman, and had a hard time getting hired in my state (New England). When I return to my hometown of Florida, I don't even need a college degree (often I need credit, but that's not the case). It was "good old boys" who patrolled. As I remember, there were far more police officers in Florida than in New England.
0	Haha no, I don't live in Virginia, and as far as I know some of my friends who live in the country are not friends. And, to boot, the military doesn't like it (there are so many soldiers in that area). Personal opinion, but a lack of education and less hardened entrepreneurial standards are a big problem with some LE departments around the country. For example, I have education, military experience, I am a woman, and have a difficult time hiring in my state (in New England). If I went back to Florida, because where I am from the beginning, you don't even need a college degree (many believe you need it, but it varies). Patrolled "good boys" and from what I remember, there were so many cops in Florida at the time in New England.
0	Haha no, I do not live in Virginia, and from what I know from my friends who live in the area, they are not friendly. And to start with, they do not like the military (SO MANY military in that area). Just a personal opinion, but lack of education and less stringent employment standards is a major problem with some LE departments around the country. For example, I have a higher education, military experience, and I am a woman, and I had a difficult time getting employed in my state (in New England). If I moved back to Florida, which is where I originally came from, you do not even need a college degree (many need some credits, but it varies). It was "good old boys" who patrolled, and from what I remember, there were SO MUCH MORE cops in Florida than there are in New England.
0	Haha no, I don't live in Virginia, and from what I know of my friends who live in the area, they are not friendly. And to top it off, they don't like the military (SO MANY military in that area). Just a personal opinion, but lack of education and less stringent hiring standards are a big problem with some LE departments across the country. For example, I have a graduate education, military experience, and am a woman, and I had a hard time getting hired in my state (in New England). If I were to go back to Florida, which is where I'm from, you don't even need a college degree (many need a few credits, but that varies). It was the "good guys" that were on patrol, and from what I recall, there were a LOT MORE cops in Florida than there were in New England.
0	Haha no, I do not live in Virginia, and from what I know from my friends who live in the area, they are not friendly. And, to boot, they do not like the military (MOST army in the area). Only personal opinion, but lack of education and low levels of employment is a major problem for some LE departments across the country. For example, I have graduated education, military experience, and I am a woman, and I had a hard time getting hired in my state (in New England). If I go back to Florida, where I came from, you don't even need a university degree (most need several qualifications, but that varies). It was the "good old boys" on patrol, and from what I can remember, there were MORE police in Florida and then New England.
0	Haha no, I do not live in Virginia, and as far as I know from my friends who live in the area, they are not friendly. And, to begin with, they do not like soldiers (MANY soldiers in that area). Just a personal opinion, but the lack of education and poor employment standards is a major problem for some LE departments across the country. For example, I have a degree in education, military experience, and I am a woman, and I had a difficult time finding employment in my home state (New England). When I return to Florida, where I come from, you do not even need a college degree (most require some credits, but it is different). They were good guys who were guarding, and as far as I can remember, there were SO MANY police officers in Florida and then in New England.
0	A few years ago my girlfriend and I drove off I-5, just cut past Corvallis and I do 80h in a 65, mind you, it's like 1am on a weekday and there's no one out there. I'm in the fast lane because I do not feel like changing every mile or so of lane for the 1 car. Suddenly this guy flies on my ass, and his high rays flicker towards me, I look up, pull over to the slow track and he flies past me ... $ #! *! it was a cop, wtf, ok i'm going 65 for a bit ... 10 minutes past, f-it back to 80 in the fast lane ... Guy flies on my ass and high beams me again, pulls down and BOOM another policeman. WTF again. Hold the same thing for a bit at 65 and then again at speed, it happened again ... I'm seriously eaten out, what the hell can go on? a few more miles I notice like 6-8 police cars driving in a package that picks up both lanes and drives about 55 mph, I quite scratch my head, when the 2 police cars slow down in front of me and then the brakes close If they I-5 feet in front of me stop, the ~ 4 other cops pull a pit-type maneuver and pull over this s-10, it looks like they ripped the door off and snatched this guy out of the car. While 2 SUV cop cars are flying up against the shoulders of the road .... WTF goes on, this is straight from a movie ... I sit, it makes up, traffic goes, over the next pass I see a police car packing well in its trunk (assuming nail strips), and more cops sitting on the driveways ... I'm watching the news and newspapers for the next few days ... not a single word about it. There were easily 12 cops involved, country, state, who knows what else.
0	I was driving on I-5 with my gf a few years ago, just passed the corvallis section, I was on the 65km road for over 80 minutes, mind you, it's like 1am on a weekday, no one go out. I'm in the fast lane because I don't want to change lanes every mile or so. All of a sudden this guy flies over my ass and swings the high beams at me and I look up and park in the slow lane and he flies past me...$#! *! That's a cop, wtf, ok, I'll go to 65 a little... 10 minutes later, f-it back to 80 in the fast lane... guy flies up my ass, high beams at me again, Pull over and bang another cop. Hell again. Do the same thing, keep it at 65 a bit, then get back to speed, it happened again...I'm really freaking out, what the hell is going on here? A few more miles and I'm behind like 6-8 cop cars driving in a swarm occupying 2 lanes and going about 55 mph and I'm a little out of touch when the 2 cop cars in front of me slow down and then lock the brakes Mind stopped I-5 feet in front of me and 4 other cops pulled a pit maneuver and pulled this s-10 over as if they ripped off the door and pulled this guy out of the car. When 2 SUV cops flew over the shoulder... WTF was in progress, it was literally out of a movie... I sat down, it was dawn, the traffic started, and on the next overpass, I saw a cop loading stuff in His trunk (let's say spike strips), more cops sitting on the ramps...I read the news and newspapers for the next few days...no word on that. There are easily 12 cops involved, country, state, who knows what else.
0	A few years ago my girlfriend and I were driving on I-5, pass Corvallis Coupe and I'm doing 80 in a 65, beware, it's like 1 am on a weekday and there's no one there. I'm in the fast lane because I don't feel like changing lanes every mile or so for the 1 car. Suddenly this guy flies over my ass and flashes his high beams, I look up, park in the slow lane and he drives past me...$#!*! that was a cop, wtf, ok im gonna go to 65 for a little while... 10 mins pass, f-it back to 80 in the fast lane... Guy fly on my ass and fire me again road, pull over and BOOM another cop. WTF again. Do the same, keep it at 65 for a while, then switch back to high gear, it happened one more time... I'm seriously freaked out, what could be going on? a few more miles I fall behind like 6-8 police cars traveling in a platoon taking both lanes at about 55 mph, I scratch my head a bit, when the 2 police cars in front of me slow down then lock the brakes stopping I-5 feet in front of me, the ~4 other cops pull a pit type maneuver and pull this s-10, looks like they ripped the door off and pulled this guy out of the car. As 2 SUV police cars fly down the shoulders of the road.... WTF continues, it's straight out of a movie... I sit down, it clears up, traffic passes by, au- above the next overpass, I see a cop car packing stuff in its trunk (assuming spike strips), and more cops sitting on the ramps... I'm watching the news and newspapers for the next few days. .. not a single word about it. There were easily 12 cops involved, country, state, who knows what else.
0	A few years ago my girlfriend and I were driving down I-5, just cross Corvallis cut off and I work 80 to 65, keep in mind it's like 1 in the morning on weekdays and there's no one. I'm in the fast lane because I can't change lanes every mile or so for 1 car. Suddenly this guy flies on my ass, and turns on his high beams towards me, I look up, stop in a slow path and he flies past me ... $ #! *! it was a cop, wtf, ok, I'll go a little at 65 ... It's been 10 minutes, I'm going back to 80 in the fast lane ... The guy flies to my ass and lights me up again, stops and BOOM another cop. WTF again. Does the same thing keep a little at 65 and then go back to speed, this happened one more time ... I'm seriously freaked out, what the hell could happen? a few more miles behind like 6-8 police cars traveling in a pack and moving in both lanes and moving around 55 mph, scratching my head a bit when 2 police cars in front of me slow down and then blocking the brakes stopping I-5 feet in front of me, ~ 4 other cops pull a pit-type maneuver and pull this S-10, it looks like they ripped the door off and pulled this guy out of the car. While 2 police SUVs are flying along the edges of the road ... WTF is happening, this is straight from the movie ... I'm sitting, clearing up, the traffic is going, over the next pass I see a policeman packing his things in his trunk and more cops sitting on the ramps ... I watch the news and the newspaper for the next few days ... not a word about it. It was easy to involve 12 police officers, the state, the state, who knows what else.
0	A few years ago, my girlfriend and I were driving an I-5, just cutting off Corvallis and doing 80ish at 65. Note that no one is there, like at 1am on weekdays. I'm in a fast lane because I don't feel like switching lanes every mile with a single car. Suddenly this guy jumps on my ass and flicks his high beam towards me. I look up and pull into the slow lane and he flies past me ... $ #! *! It was a policeman, wtf, ok, I'm going to 65 for a while ... 10 minutes have passed, f-it's back to 80 in the fast lane ... the guy in my ass Jump up and high beam me again, pull and boom another policeman. WTF again. Do the same for a while, then leave it at 65 and then speed up. This happened again ... I'm terribly surprised, what the hell is going on? It is a few more miles behind, like 6-8 police cars traveling in packs running in both lanes at 55 mph. When the two police cars in front of you slow down and lock the brakes, you scratch your head. When I stopped I-5 feet in front of me, four other policemen pulled a pit-type flight figure and pulled this s-10, which seemed to tear off the door and pull this guy out of the car. While two SUV police cars fly over the shoulder of the road .... WTF is in progress, this is straight from the movie ... I sit, it's sunny, the traffic goes, the next over In the pass I see a police car stuffing the trunk (assuming a spike strip), more policemen sitting on the ramp ... I'll see the news and newspapers the next few days ... about that I can't say a word. Twelve police officers were easily involved in the country, state, and what else they knew.
0	I threw my gf and I-5 years ago, I cut corvallis, and I do 80ish in 65, I think you're like 1am on a weekday and no one goes out. I'm in a fast lane because I don't feel like changing lanes every mile or so for a 1no car. Suddenly this little man flies on my ass and flies high beams at me, I look up, drag him into the slow lane and he flies past me... $#!*! That was a cop, wtf, ok i'm 65 a little. pull out another cop BOOM. WTF again. Keep the same 65 for a while, and then returning to speed, this was done at the same time. a few more miles back like a 6-8 cop car traveling in pack taking both lanes doing about 55 mph, I kinda scratch my head when 2 cop cars slow down and then lock me in the front brakes. stopping 5 feet in front of me, the ~4 other cops drag the pit type manouver and this s-10 pull over, it looks like they were tearing the door and yank this man out of the car. While the 2 SUV cop cars come flying over the shoulders of the road.... WTF's going on, I'm sitting right out of this movie, he clears himself, the traffic goes, I see the next crossing. cop car packing stuff into his trunk (aspising spike strips), and more cops sitting on ramps... I'm watching the news and newspapers for the next few days... not even a word about it. It was easy for the 12 cops to investigate any other country than the state.
0	A few years ago my boyfriend and I drove down I-5, just past Corvallis cut off and I do 80ish on a 65, well note it's like 1am on a weekday and there's no one out. I'm in the fast lane because I do not want to change lanes every mile or so for the 1-car. Suddenly this guy flies up on my ass, and hits me with the high beam, I look up, go over to the slow track and he flies past me ... $ #! *! it was a policeman, wtf, ok, I go 65 for a while ... 10 minutes go, f-it up again to 80 in the fast field ... The guy flies up on my ass and highlights me again, pull over and BOOM another policeman. WTF again. Do the same, hold it at 65 for a while and then up again to speed, this happened again ... I'm seriously scared, what the hell can happen? a few more miles I get behind like 6-8 police cars traveling in a package that takes up both lanes and drives about 55 mph, I scratch my head a bit when the 2 police cars in front of me brake down and then lock the brakes When they stop I- 5 feet in front of me, the four other policemen drive a pit-type maneuver and pull this s-10 over, it seems like they tore off the door and pulled this guy out of the car. While 2 SUV police cars come flying up the road shoulders .... WTF happens, this is straight out of a movie ... I sit, it cleans up, the traffic goes, over the next overtaking I see a police car packing things into his trunk (assuming barbed wire strips), and more cops sitting on the ramps ... I'm watching the news and the newspapers for the next few days ... not a word about it. There were easily 12 policemen involved, country, state, who knows what else.
0	A few years ago my girlfriend and I were driving down I-5 just past the Corvallis cutoff and I'm doing 80 on a 65 mind you it's like 1am on a weekday and no one is outside. I'm in the fast lane because I don't feel like changing lanes every mile or so for the 1 car. Suddenly this guy flies over my ass and points his high beams at me, I look up, stop in the slow lane and he flies past me... $#!*! that was a cop wtf ok i'll go 65 for a bit... 10 mins go by it goes back up to 80 in the fast lane... Dude flies on my ass and turns me on again stop and BOOM another policeman. WTF again. Do the same thing, keep it at 65 for a bit and then throttle back up, this happened once again... I'm really freaked out, what the hell could be going on? a few more miles I'm behind like 6-8 police cars traveling in a pack taking both lanes at about 55mph, I'm scratching my head a bit, when the 2 police cars in front of me slow down then lock their brakes coming to a stop I-5ft in front of me, the ~4 other cops pit and pull over this s-10, looks like they ripped the door off and pulled this guy out of the car. As 2 SUV police cars come flying down the road shoulders... WTF is happening, this is straight out of a movie... I sit up, it clears, traffic passes, on the next overpass I see a police car cop packing things in his trunk (supposing spike strips), and more cops sitting on the ramps...I watch the news and papers for the next few days...not a word about it. There were easily 12 cops involved, country, state, who knows what else.
0	A few years ago my gf and I were driving down the I-5, just pass the corvallis if cut off and I do 80ish to 65, remember it's like 1am a day of the week and nobody out. I'm on the fast track because I don't feel like changing lanes every mile or so by car 1. Suddenly this man jumps on my ass, and waves his upper beams, I look up, I move slowly and he passes me ... $ # ! *! that was a soldier, wtf, okay i will go 65 in a little while ... 10 minutes pass, f-it back to 80 on the fast track ... . WTF again. Do the same thing to save for 65 for a little while and then speed up, this was done once again ... I'm so confused, what's going on? a few miles back and forth like 6-8 soldiers 'cars traveling in a group that takes both routes at a speed of 55 miles per hour, I scratch my head, while 2 soldiers' cars in front of me slow down and then apply the brakes. stopping I-5 feet in front of me, 4 other policemen pull a hole-type trick and pull this s-10 up, it looks like they pulled out the door and removed the man from the car. When 2 SUV soldier cars come flying over the shoulders of the road .... WTF continues, this is a straightforward film ... I sit, descend, the traffic goes, on the next road I see a. police officers loading things on its trunk (taking pieces of thorns), and more officers are sitting at a crossroads ... I'm looking at the news and newspapers in the next few days ... not a word about it. There were 12 easily involved police, state, state, who knows what else.
0	A few years ago my gf and I were driving down the I-5, I just passed the cut corvallis and did 80ish at 65, remember it was like 1am on a weekday and nobody came out. I'm on the fast track because I don't mind changing routes every kilometer or more with 1 car. Suddenly the young man flew upside down, waved me over, and looked up, approaching the slow-moving path past me ... $ #! *! that was a cop, wtf, ok i'll go to 65 for a while ... 10 minutes later, i'll get back to 80 in the fast lane ... WTF again. Do the same at 65 just a little bit and go back at speed, this happens once again ... I wonder, is it possible that hell continues? a few miles further I was behind like 6-8 police cars traveling in a packet taking both lanes I did about 55 mph, scratching my head, when the 2 police cars in front of me got off and applied the brakes. standing I-5 feet in front of me, 4 other policemen pulled a hole in the hole and pulled the s-10, apparently tore the door open and pulled the boy out of the car. While 2 SUV police vehicles flew up the side of the road .... The WTF continues, this comes straight out of the movie ... I sit up, clear, congested, this way I see a policeman packing his body (taking the pins), and the police many sitting on the ramp ... I'm looking at the news and newspapers in the next few days ... not a word about it. There were 12 easy cops, country, country, you know what else.
1	The reason why DoTa could easily implement duplicates is because it started from Warcraft and the champions were units in Warcraft that could be duplicated and so code had to be in place to account for it. Since LoL had the assumption of unique champions on a team from the beginning, the process of allowing multiples would require a code review of essentially the entire game.
1	The reason DoTa can replicate easily is because it starts with WoW and heroes are units in WoW that can be copied, so there must be code to fix this. Since League of Legends has assumed from the beginning that there are unique heroes on the team, the process of allowing multiplayer requires a code review of the entire game.
1	The reason DoTa could easily implement duplicates is that it was starting from Warcraft and champions were Warcraft units that could be duplicated so code had to be in place to account for that. Since LoL has had the assumption of single champions on a team from the start, the process of allowing multiples would require a code overhaul of almost the entire game.
1	The reason DoTa could easily implement duplicates was that it started with Warcraft and that the champions were units in Warcraft that could be duplicated and therefore the code had to be in place to explain it. Since LoL had the assumption of single champions on the team from the start, the process of allowing multiple numbers would require reviewing the code of essentially the entire game.
1	The reason DoTa can easily implement duplication is that it started with Warcraft and the champion was a replicable Warcraft unit, so we had to put some code in place to explain this. From the beginning, LoL envisioned a unique champion for the team, so the process of allowing multiples basically requires a code review of the entire game.
1	The DoTa system could be easily duplicated, because it started from Warcraft and bit the units in Warcraft that could be duplicated and so the code must be in place for this account. While LoL had the ability to take multiple bits of each team from the beginning of the process, it would essentially require code review of the entire game.
1	The reason why DoTa could easily implement duplicates is because it started from Warcraft and champs were devices in Warcraft that could be duplicated and thus code had to be in place to account for this. Since LoL has had the assumption of unique champions on a team from the beginning, the process of allowing multiples would require a code review of essentially the entire game.
1	The reason DoTa could easily implement duplicates is because it started in Warcraft and champions were units in Warcraft that could be duplicated and therefore there had to be code to account for this. Since League assumed single champions on a team early on, the process of allowing multiple would require a code overhaul of pretty much the entire game.
1	The reason that DoTa can easily implement copies is because it originated from Warcraft and competitors were units in Warcraft that could be copied and therefore code had to be in place to respond to this. Since LoL has had the concept of having unique winners on the team from the beginning the duplication process will require a code review of the entire game.
1	The reason why DoTa used duplicates so easily was because it started in Warcraft and the champions were Warcraft units that could have doubled so code had to be in place to account for this. Since LoL has the idea of ​​unique champions in the team from the beginning the process of allowing repetition may require code updates primarily for the entire game.
1	I really think people should calm down and call this change a horrible / stupid mistake at the end of riot. I feel this is a change that will work out better in the long run. Honestly, they want to make the game less farm-oriented for lanes, but have more about choices. I want to see more people roaming and killing and taking advantage of that AFK farm Karthus / Anivia / Zyra. I hate to see pure farmland. It will also allow more interaction between the lanes and greater emphasis on dragon control, and with many of the new jungle items we can see many more crazy things coming out of teams b / c of a change in gold revenue for lanes.
1	I really think people need to calm down and call this change a horrible/stupid mistake at the end of the riot. I think this is a change that will be better in the long run. Honestly, they wanted the game to be less farm-oriented for the opponent and more of the player's choice. I would love to see more people roaming and getting kills and farming Karthus/Anivia/Zyra with AFK. I hate seeing pure farm trails. This will also allow for more interaction between lanes and more emphasis on dragon control, and with many new jungle items coming out, we could see more crazy things from the team b/c that Changes in online gold income.
1	I really think people need to calm down calling this change a horrible/stupid error at the end of the riot. I think this is a change that will work better in the long run. Honestly, they want to make the game less about farming for laners, and more about choice. I want to see more people wandering around and getting killed and enjoying this Karthus/Anivia/Zyra farming AFK. I hate to see pure farm roads. It will also allow for more interaction between lanes and a greater emphasis on controlling dragons, and with lots of new jungler items we might see a lot more crazy stuff coming out of teams due to a change in income in gold for laners.
1	I really think people need to calm down by calling this change a horrible / stupid mistake at the end of the riot. I feel this is a change that will work better in the long run. Honestly, they want to make the game less farm-oriented for players on the track, but more choice. I want to see more people wandering and killing and taking advantage of the AFK farm Karthus / Anivia / Zyra. I hate to see clean farms. It will also allow for more interaction between the tracks and a greater emphasis on dragon control, and with a lot of new jungler items we could see a lot more crazy stuff coming out of the b / c gold revenue change teams for the liners.
1	I really think people need to calm down by calling this change a horrifying / stupid mistake at the end of the riot. I think this is a change that will work in the long run. To be honest, they want the game to focus on having choices rather than farm-oriented for trainers. I want to see more people walking around and killing and taking advantage of that AFK agriculture Kartus / Anivia / Zyra. I hate seeing pure farm roads. This increases the interaction between the lanes and makes dragon control more important. With lots of new jungler items, you can see more crazy things coming out of Team b / c of lane gold income changes.
1	I really think people who need to calm down call this horrible change/stupid mistake at the end of luxury. This change makes me feel better in the long run. Honestly, they want to make a game less organized for shopping but more of a choice. I want to see more roaming and acquiring kills and taking advantage of AFK agriculture that Karthus/Anivia/Zyra. I hate seeing chaste villages and villages. This will allow even more traffic between the villages and greater power in the dragon's power, and with many new things in the jungle we have been able to see a lot of crazy things going out of the ranges b/c of ​​change into gold for January.
1	I really think people need to calm down and call this change a terrible / stupid mistake at the end of the uprising. I feel this is a change that will work better in the long run. Honestly, they want to make the game less farm-oriented for laners, but more about having choices. I want to see more people roaming around and being killed and taking advantage of the AFK farm Karthus / Anivia / Zyra. I hate to see clean courtyard streets. This will also allow more interaction between the courses and greater emphasis on dragon control, and with many of the new jungle objects we could see much more crazy things coming out of teams b / c of a change in gold revenue for laners.
1	I really think people need to calm down and call this change a horrible/stupid mistake at the end of Riot. I feel like this is a change that will work better in the long run. Honestly, they want the game to be less about farming for laners, but more about having options. I want to see more people wandering around and killing and taking advantage of that AFK Karthus/Anivia/Zyra crop. I hate to see pure farm roads. This will also allow for more interaction between lanes and a greater emphasis on dragon control, and with a lot of the new jungle items we could see a lot more crazy stuff coming out of teams due to a change in gold income for laners. .
1	I think people need to calm down and call this change a terrible / stupid mistake at the end of the violence. I feel like this is a change that will work best in the long run. Honestly, they want to make the game not a field orientation for the laner but more about having a choice. I want to see more people roaming around and getting murdered and taking advantage of the AFK Karthus / Anivia / Zyra farming. I do not like to see the clean ways of the field. This will also allow for more interaction between lanes and more emphasis on dragon control, and with the many new jungler items we can see a lot of crazy stuff coming out of the b / c team of gold revenue change for laner.
1	I think people should calm down and call this change a bad / stupid mistake at the end of the conflict. I feel like this is a change that will work better over time. In fact, they want to make the game less focused on the farm than the laners but more about having a choice. I want to see more people roaming and being killed and taking advantage of that AFK farming Karthus / Anivia / Zyra. I hate seeing pure farm routes. This will also allow for more interaction between routes and greater emphasis on dragon control, and with many new jungler items we can see a lot of crazy stuff coming out of b / c groups of laner gold revenues.
1	there is no way to verify that someone creating an account is a minor or not, simple and straightforward. Despite the fact that I do not agree with this policy, it would not be possible to enforce or review it. I can not remember if a date of birth was requested when a LoL account was created (it's not long since I created mine), but nevertheless, whoever is under 18 (assuming this policy is in place) will just his year of birth.
1	There is no way to verify that the person who created the account is a minor, plain and simple. Although I disagree with this policy, I cannot enforce or check it. I don't remember if the date of birth was asked when I created my LoL account (it's been a long time since I created my account), but even then anyone under 18 (assuming this policy is in place) will change the year he was born.
1	there is no way to verify that someone creating an account is underage or not, plain and simple. Despite the fact that I do not agree with this policy, it would not be possible to apply or verify it. I can't remember if a date of birth was requested when creating a LoL account (it's been a while since I created mine) but even so, anyone under 18 (assuming this policy is in place) would simply change his year of birth.
1	there is no way to check if someone creating an account is a minor or not, simple and easy. Despite the fact that I do not agree with this rule, it would not be possible to enforce or verify it. I can’t remember wondering the date of birth when creating a LoL account (it’s been a long time since I created mine), but even so, anyone under 18 (assuming this policy is in effect) would just change their year of birth.
1	There is no way to make sure that the person creating the account is minor and straightforward and simple. I disagree with this policy, but I cannot enforce or confirm it. I can't remember if I was asked for my date of birth when I created my LoL account (it's been a long time since I created it), but still people under the age of 18 (this policy applies) (Assumed) is the birth.
1	There is in no way to know that any method of creating is less, or not, open and simple. Although I disagree with this advice, she could not press or coerce her. I don't remember whether the question was when creating the LoL account (it's been a long time since I created mine) but even so, whoever is under 18 (if this is the plan in place) just changed his year. birth
1	There is no way to confirm that someone who creates an account is a minor or not, simple and straightforward. Although I disagree with this policy, it would not be possible to enforce or control it. I do not remember if I was asked for a date of birth when I created a LoL account (it's been a long time since I created mine), but anyway, anyone under 18 (assuming this policy is in place) would only change their year for childbirth.
1	there is no way to verify if someone who creates an account is a minor or not, plain and simple. Although I do not agree with this policy, it would not be possible to enforce or verify it. I don't recall if a date of birth was asked when creating a LoL account (it's been a long time since I created mine), but still, anyone under 18 (assuming this policy is in place) would just change their birth year birth.
1	there is no way to prove that the person creating the account is small or not, clear and simple. Despite the fact that I do not agree with this policy, it would not be possible to implement or review it. I do not remember if the date of birth was asked at the time of creating the LoL account (it has been a long time since I created mine) but still, anyone under 18 (considering this policy exists) would only change his or her year of birth. birth.
1	there is no way to ensure that the person creating the account is small or not, clear and simple. Without the fact that I do not agree with this policy, it will not be possible to enforce or test it. I do not remember if the date of birth was asked when creating a LoL account (I have long created one) but still, anyone under the age of 18 (assuming this policy exists) can simply change his or her year of birth.
0	If she wants it ... just have her "romantic sloth" for you. (
0	If she wants to... let her "romantic sloth" you. (
0	If she wants that... just give her "romantic laziness." (
0	If she wants to ... just make her her "romantic sloth". (
0	If she wants it ... just bring her "romantic sloth" to you. ((((
0	If she wants... just have that "romantic laziness" for you. (
0	If she wants it ... just have her "romantic sloth" you. (
0	If she wants that... just have her "romantic sloth" with you. (
0	If she wants to ... just have her "romantic laziness". (
0	If he wants that ... just be with you "love bet". (
0	I'll tell you my secret, in an anecdote from just after I graduated from college: My younger cousins' parents went through a nasty divorce. He stayed with us that summer while his parents got their shit together. I took him out with me when I went out with friends or had a party. At the end of the summer, my cousin said, "John, no offense, but, you're not the prettiest guy in the world. How do you always have these hot girls over you?" The answer is surprisingly simple. Be confident, be funny and be kind. Even ugly guys like be can get hot girls if you are not afraid to talk to them. Treat them like humans, not objects and usually just try to have fun. I think the part about having fun is the most important. Do not try to pick up girls, just wherever you are, enjoy it, bring your own party. Do not be afraid to look stupid. Look dumb every chance you get. Tell terrible jokes, laugh at yourself, laugh with others. Maybe I have an advantage because I am generally a VERY positive person. When someone asks me "How are you today?" The answer is always "AWESOME! How are you?"
0	I'll tell you my secret, in a post-college anecdote: My cousins' parents were going through a nasty divorce. He lived with us that summer while his parents got together. Whenever I meet or get together with my friends, I take him out. Towards the end of the summer, my cousin said, "No offense, John, but; you're not the best looking person in the world. How come you always have these babes around you?" The answer was pretty simple. Be confident, be funny, be friendly. Even ugly guys like be can get hot girls if you're not afraid to talk to them. Treat them like people, not objects, usually just to have some fun. I think having fun is the most important thing. Don't try to pick up girls, just bring your own party wherever you are having fun. Don't be afraid to look stupid. Be foolish at every opportunity. Tell scary jokes, laugh at yourself, and laugh with others. Maybe I have an advantage because I'm a very positive person overall. When someone asks me "How are you today?" the answer is always "Awesome! How are you?"
0	I'll tell you my secret, in an anecdote right after I graduated from college: the parents of my younger cousins ​​were going through a nasty divorce. He lived with us that summer while his parents screwed up together. I took it with me whenever I went out with friends or to party. Towards the end of the summer, my cousin said, "John, no offense, you're not the most handsome guy in the world. How do you always have those sexy girls on you?" The answer is incredibly simple. Be confident, be funny and be kind. Even ugly guys like that can get hot girls if you're not afraid to talk to them. Treat them like people, not objects, and generally try to have fun. I think the fun part is the most important. Don't try to pick up girls, just wherever you are, have a good time, bring your own party. Don't be afraid to look silly. Look silly every chance you get. Tell terrible jokes, laugh at yourself, laugh with others. Maybe I have an edge because overall I'm a VERY positive person. When someone asks me "How are you today?" The answer is always "AWESOME! How are you?"
0	I’ll reveal my secret to you, in an anecdote from just after I graduated from college: My younger cousin parents were going through a nasty divorce. That summer he lived with us while his parents shit. I took it with me whenever I went to hang out with friends or to a party. Towards the end of the summer my cousin said, "John, no offense, but you're not the prettiest guy in the world. How do you always have these pretty girls all over you?" The answer is incredibly simple. Be confident, funny and kind. Even ugly guys like me can get handsome girls if you’re not afraid to talk to them. Treat them like people, not objects, and generally just try to have fun. I think part of the fun is the most important. Don’t try to pick up girls, just have fun wherever you are, bring your own fun. Don’t be afraid to look stupid. Look stupid at every opportunity. Tell scary jokes, laugh at yourself, laugh at others. Maybe I’m at an advantage because I’m a VERY positive person in general. When someone asks me "How are you today?" The answer is always "GREAT! How are you?"
0	In an anecdote right after I graduated from college, I will tell you my secret. My young cousin's parents were experiencing a nasty divorce. He lived with us that summer while his parents did their shit together. I took him every time I went to a friend or party. Near the end of summer, my cousin said: The answer is surprisingly simple. Be confident, entertaining and lovely. If you're not afraid to talk to them, even an ugly guy like be can get a hot girl. Treat them like people, not things, and generally just have fun. I think the part to enjoy is the most important. Don't try to pick up the girl. Bring your party wherever you are having a good time. Don't be afraid to look stupid. Looks ridiculous for every opportunity you get. Make terrible jokes, laugh at yourself and laugh with others. Overall I'm a very positive person, so maybe I have an advantage. When someone asks me, "How are you today?" The answer is always "Wow! How are you?"
0	I'll tell you my secret in a booklet about just after I finished college: My younger cousins' parents were going through a horrible divorce. He was living with us that summer, while my parents shit together. I rescued him whenever I went to hang out with friends or party. Near the end of the summer, my cousin said this, "John, you're not offended, but you're not the best-looking man in the world. How ever do you have these hot girls on you?" The answer is amazingly simple. Have courage, be funny and be nice. Even ugly guys can be like hot girls if you aren't afraid to chat with them. Treat them like people, not objects and generally just try to have fun. I think the most important part is having fun. Don't try to pick up girls, get your party wherever you are, have a good time. Don't be afraid to be dumb. Look at all the dumb things you possess. Tell terrible jokes, laugh at yourself, laugh with others. Maybe I have an advantage because overall I am a very positive person. When someone asks me "How are you today?" The answer is always "AWESOME! How are you?"
0	I'll tell you my secret, in an anecdote from just after I graduated from college: My younger cousins ​​and parents went through a nasty divorce. He stayed with us that summer while his parents got together. I took him out with me every time I went to hang out with friends or party. Near the end of the summer, my cousin said this "John, no insult, but you're not the prettiest guy in the world. How do you always have these hot girls over you?" The answer is incredibly simple. Be confident, be funny and be nice. Even ugly boys who pray can become hot girls if you are not afraid to talk to them. Treat them like humans, not objects and generally just try to have fun. I think having fun is most important. Do not try to pick up girls, just wherever you are feel good, bring your own party. Do not be afraid to look stupid. Look stupid every chance you get. Tell terrible jokes, laugh at yourself, laugh with others. Maybe I have an advantage because overall I am a VERY positive person. When someone asks me "How are you today?" The answer is always "FANTASTIC! How are you?"
0	I'll tell you my secret, in an anecdote from shortly after college: My younger cousins' parents were going through a nasty divorce. He was living with us that summer while his parents got ready. He took it with me whenever he went to hang out with friends or to a party. Near the end of the summer, my cousin said, "John, no offense, but you're not the most handsome guy in the world. How come you always have these hot girls all over you?" The answer is amazingly simple. Be confident, be fun, and be kind. Even ugly guys like Be can get hot girls if you're not afraid to talk to them. Treat them like people, not objects, and generally just try to have fun. I think the fun part is the most important. Don't try to pick up girls, just have fun wherever you are, bring your own party. Don't be afraid to look silly. He looks silly every chance he gets. Tell terrible jokes, laugh at yourself, laugh with others. Maybe I have an advantage because I am generally a VERY positive person. When someone asks me "How are you today?" The answer is always "AWESOME! How are you?"
0	I will tell you my secret, in a story from just after graduating from college: My younger cousins ​​parents were going through a bad divorce. She was living with us that summer while her parents were getting paid together. I went out with him every time I went out to hang out with friends or parties. Towards the end of the summer my cousin said, "John, there's nothing wrong with that; you're not the best looking guy in the world. How do you always have these hot girls?" The answer is incredibly simple. Be confident, be funny and be nice. Even bad people like that can get excited girls if you are not afraid to talk to them. Take them as people, not objects and generally try to have fun. I think the fun part is the most important. Do not try to take girls, wherever you have a good time, to bring your own party. Do not be afraid to appear dumb. Look at every fool you get. Say bad jokes, laugh at yourself, laugh at others. Maybe I have an advantage because in general I am a very good person. When someone asks me "How are you today?" The answer is always "WONDERFUL! How are you?"
0	I will tell you my secret, in an anecdote since just graduating from college: My young cousins ​​were facing a terrible divorce. She was staying with us that summer while her parents covered up their shit. I would take her out whenever I could go out with friends or at a party. Towards the end of the summer my cousin said, "John, you'm not guilty; you're not the best boy in the world. How do you always have hot girls in your midst?" The answer is incredibly simple. Be confident, funny and be nice. Even bad boys like her can get hot girls if you are not afraid to talk to them. Treat them like people, not things and usually just try to have fun. I think the entertainment part is very important. Don't try to pick up girls, wherever you are have a good time, come with your party. Do not be afraid to look dumb. Look dumb at every opportunity you get. Tell bad jokes, laugh, laugh with others. Maybe I have an advantage because I am a VERY straightforward person. If someone asks me "How are you today?" The answer is always "AWESOME! How are you?"
1	I do not really see a problem. It's just a surrender box with colors. All you do is jump on the season 3 patch hate train.
1	I can't really see anything wrong. It's just a colored surrender box. All you do is hop on the Season 3 Patch Hate Train.
1	I don't really see a problem. It's just a surrender box with colors. All you're doing is jumping on the Season 3 patch hate bandwagon.
1	I really don't see a problem. It’s just a paint delivery box. All you do is jump on the train of hate patches of the 3rd season.
1	There is not much problem. It is a colored surrender box. All you have to do is jump to the Season 3 patch hate train.
1	I don't see the problem really. It is just a submission box with colors. Everything you do jumps into season 3 patch hatred.
1	I do not really see any problem. It's just a surrender box of colors. All you have to do is hop on the season 3 patch hat.
1	I really don't see a problem. It is just a delivery box with colors. All you're doing is jumping on the season 3 patch hate bandwagon.
1	I see no problem at all. It's just a colorful surrender box. What you are doing is jumping on the 3rd season hate train.
1	I don't really see the problem. It's just a box with bright colors. All you have to do is jump on the 3rd season hate train.
1	I agree with you in most of what you said. The problem I see is that footballers now have to be "banned" for doing shit and acting like showers. We do not know if IWDominate knew that he could be banned from professional games. He knew his account could be permanently banned, but that was his personal problem. Imho its right to ban players from professional games if they act like IWDominate did, but you should get a warning like: "Hey IWDominate change your behavior or we will ban you from the professional scene".
1	I agree with most of what you said. The problem I see is that football players are now getting "banned" for doing bad things and acting like flushers. We don't know if IWDominate knew he would be banned from professional competition. He knew his account could be permanently banned, but that was his personal problem. IMHO, if they behave like IWDominate, you have the right to ban them from pro play, but you should get a warning like this: "Hey, IWDominate change your behavior or we'll ban you from pro play".
1	I agree with you in most of what you said. The problem I see is that football players now that they will be "banned" for doing shit and behaving like assholes. We don't know if IWDominate knew he could be banned from professional gaming. He knew his account might get permanently banned, but that's his personal problem. IMHO, he has the right to ban players from professional games if they act like IWDominate did, but you should get a warning like, "Hey IWDominate, change your behavior or we'll ban you from the game. professional scene.
1	I agree with you in most of what you said. The problem I see is that footballers will now that they get a “ban” on doing shit and acting like whores. We don’t know if IWDominate knew he could be banned from playing games professionally. He knew his bill could be permanently banned, but that was his personal problem. Imho has the right to ban professional gamers if they act like IWDominate, but you should get a warning like, "Hey IWDominate change your behavior or we'll ban you from the professional scene."
1	I agree with you for most of what you said. The problem I'm seeing is that soccer players are "banned" by shit and behaving like Dutch. I'm not sure if I knew that IWDominate could be banished from professional games. He knew that his account could be banned forever, but that's his personal problem. Imho has the right to ban players from professional games when acting like IWDominate, but receives warnings such as "IWDominate changes your behavior or bans you from the professional scene". is needed.
1	I agree with you most of what you said. The problem I see now is that football players will be "banned" for doing shit and acting like douches. We don't know if IWDominate knew he was banned from professional gaming. He knew his reasoning could continue, but that is a personal problem. Imho its right to keep players from playing professional games if they act like IWDominate did, but you will have a warning like: "Hey IWDominate change your behavior or forbid us from the professional stage".
1	I agree with you in most of what you say. The problem I see is that football players now that they want to be "banned" for doing shit and behaving like assholes. We do not know if IWDominate knew he could be banned from professional gaming. He knew that his account could be permanently banned, but that is his personal problem. I have the right to exclude players from professional games if they behave as IWDominate did, but you should get a warning like: "Hi IWDominate change your behavior, otherwise we will exclude you from the professional scene".
1	I agree with you in most of what you say. The problem I see is that football players will now be "banned" for doing shit and behaving like idiots. We don't know if IWDominate knew that he can be banned from pro gaming. You knew that your account could be permanently blocked, but that is your personal problem. IMHO, it's okay to ban players from pro games if they act like IWDominate did, but you should get a warning like, "Hey IWDominate, change your behavior or we'll ban you from the pro scene."
1	I agree with you for much you have said. The problem I see is that football players will now be "banned" for doing dirty and douches behavior. We do not know if IWDominate knew that he could be banned from playing professional games. He knew that his account might be blocked but that was his personal problem. Imho is his right to ban players from playing professional games if they do as IWDominate did but you should get a warning such as: "Hey IWDominate change your behavior or we will ban you from the professional area".
1	I agree with you on a lot of what you said. The problem I see is that footballers are about to be “blocked” by garbage and dump behavior. We do not know if IWDominate knew it could be banned from paid games. He knew that his account might be closed completely but that was his personal problem. Imho has its right to block players from professional games if they do as IWDominate does but you should get a warning like: "Hey IWDominate change your behavior or we will block you in the professional forum".
1	It's definitely a good move to "clean up" for a while in a high elo area, especially when players get money from Riot to be a professional player and represent their game. But on the other hand, the times I saw IWD on streams, he did nothing extraordinary. There are jokes and messes in almost all games and since the launch of the Tribunal everyone has become really thin skin. Now I'm not saying that what he did was right, but a year-long ban is also a severe punishment for someone who relies on tournament earnings (or pro players). Because I'm probably 10 years above the age of the average league player, I do not really get upset about flame (which is apparently what IWD was banned from); everyone has bad games / days every now and then and of course you only hear about the bad ones on the Tribunal. On the other hand, you have players like Dyrus who deliberately troll and feed (on a stream with 10k viewers no less) or just afk / ragequit games. As a player, I would rather have someone in my team who rages against me because I make a mistake (no one rages for someone for no reason to be honest) than someone who actively works for the other team to win. Of course, we will not see any punishment for Dyrus, because Riot loves TSM for some reason (also inb4 fanboy tuning).
1	This is definitely a good step to "clean up" in the high elo field, especially when players are getting money from Riot to become pro gamers and represent their games. But on the other hand, when I saw IWD on stream, he didn't do anything out of the ordinary. Joking trash talk exists in just about every game, and since Tribunal launched, everyone's skin has gotten pretty thin. Now I'm not saying what he's doing is the right thing to do, but the year-long ban is also a serious punishment for someone who depends on tournament revenue (aka pros). Probably 10 years older than the average league player, I'm not really bothered by the burn (which seems to be why IWD is banned); everyone has bad games/days from time to time, of course, you've only heard in court bad game. On the other hand, you have players like Dyrus intentionally trolling and feeding (on streams with 10k viewers), or just afk/ragequit games. As a player, I'd rather have someone on my team who lashes out at me for making a mistake (nobody lashes out at someone for no reason) than actively working for another team victorious man. Of course, we won't see any punishment for Dyrus, as Riot likes TSM for some reason (also a downvote from inb4 fans).
1	It's definitely a good step to "clean up" high elo territory for once, especially when players get money from Riot for being a pro player and representing their game. On the flip side though, the times where I saw IWD on streams, he wasn't doing anything out of the ordinary. There are silly jokes in almost every game and since the introduction of the Tribunal, everyone has become very sensitive. Now I'm not saying what he did was right, but a one year ban is also a serious punishment for someone who relies on tournament winnings (i.e. professional players ). Being probably 10 years above the league's average player age, I'm not really upset about the buckling (which seems to be why IWD was banned); everyone has bad games/days from time to time and of course you only hear about the bad ones on the Tribunal. On the other hand, you have players like Dyrus trolling and feeding on purpose (on a stream with 10,000 viewers no less) or just afk/ragequit games. As a player I'd rather have someone on my team picking on me for making a mistake (no one picks on someone for no reason to be honest) than someone actively working for the other team to win. Of course, we won't see any punishment for Dyrus because Riot loves TSM for some reason (also fanboy inb4 downvotes).
1	It’s definitely a good step once to “clean up” high elo territory, especially when players get money from Riot to be professional players and represent their game. But on the other hand, when I saw IWD on streams, it didn’t do anything out of the ordinary. There is funny rubbish in almost all games, and since the introduction of the Tribunal, everyone has really become skinny. I’m not saying that what he did was right, but a one-year ban is also a severe punishment for someone who relies on tournament earnings (aka professional players). Since I’m probably 10 years older than the average league player, I’m not angry about flamingos (which seems to be why IWD is banned); everyone has bad games / days from time to time and of course the bad ones are only heard about at the Tribunal. On the other hand you have players like Dyrus who deliberately troll and feed (on a stream with 10k viewers no less) or just afk / ragequit games. As a player, I’d rather have someone on my team get mad at me for a mistake (no one gets mad at someone for no reason to be honest) than someone who actively works to win another team. Of course, we won’t see any penalty for Dyrus because Riot for some reason loves TSM (also inb4 fanboy downvotes).
1	It's definitely a good step to "clean up" only once in the high erotic territory, especially if the player is going from Riot to a pro gamer and making money to represent the game. On the other hand, when I saw IWD in the stream, he wasn't doing anything unusual. He's jokingly talked about in almost every game, and everyone has really lost weight since the introduction of the courtroom. I'm not saying what he did right now, but the one-year ban is also a serious punishment for those who depend on tournament revenue (also known as professional players). Probably 10 years older than the average league player, I'm not really angry with burning (this seems to be IWD banned). Everyone sometimes spends bad games / days, and of course you only hear about bad games in court. On the other hand, there are players like Dyrus who deliberately troll and feed (streams with more than 10,000 viewers) or simply use afk / ragequit games. As a player, it's better to have someone on your team who gets angry with me for making mistakes (to be honest, no one gets angry with anyone for no reason) than someone who is actively working to win the other team. Is good. Of course, there is no punishment for Dyrus because Riot loves TSM for some reason (as well as the negative vote of inb4 fanboy).
1	Definately a good step to "clean up" in top elo territory for the first time, especially when players get the luxury of money to maintain and represent their professional game. Although, the times I've seen IWD on the river does nothing as usual. In almost all sports he's joking trash and since the introduction of the stairs everyone has grown really thin. Now I'm not saying that he did the right thing, but a year long ban would also be a terrible punishment for anyone who gains tournament (aka pro players). Probably 10 years of age above the average league player I don't really bother about Flame (which seems to be why IWD was banned); Everybody has bad games/sometimes every single day, and of course, you just hear bad ones on the Tribunal. Against players like Dyrus who feed on trolls and industry (on a stream with 10k viewers no less) or only games afk/ragequit. I'd rather have some player in my team who raves about making a mistake (for no one is honest without a reason raves against someone) rather than someone who works hard to win the other team. We'll see no penalty for Dyro, though for some reason Riot loves TSM (even inb4 fanboy downvotes).
1	It's definitely a good step to "clean up" in high elo territory for once, especially when players get money from Riot to be a professional player and represent their game. On the other hand, the times I've seen IWD stream, he did nothing out of the ordinary. There is joking nonsense in almost every game, and since the introduction of the Tribunal, everyone has become very thin. Now, I'm not saying that what he did was right, but a year-long ban is also a severe punishment for someone who relies on tournament income (also known as professional players). As probably 10 years over the age of the average league player, I'm not really upset about flamming (which seems to be what IWD has been banned for); everyone has bad fights / days now and then, and of course you only hear about the bad ones on the Tribunal. On the other hand, you have players like Dyrus who troll and feed on purpose (on a stream with 10k viewers no less) or just afk / ragequit games. As a player, I would rather have someone on my team who rages against me for having made a mistake (no one rages on anyone for no reason to be honest) than someone who actively works for the other team to win. Of course, we will not see any punishment for Dyrus because Riot loves TSM for some reason (also inb4 fanboy votes).
1	It's definitely a good move to "clean up" the high elo territory for once, especially when players get money from Riot to be pro players and represent their game. On the other hand though, the times I've seen IWD on transmissions, it wasn't doing anything out of the ordinary. There are garbage jokes talking in almost every game and since the introduction of Tribunal everyone has become very sensitive. Now, I'm not saying that what he did is right, but a one-year ban is also a serious punishment for someone who depends on tournament winnings (aka professional players). Being probably 10 years above the age of the average player in the league, I don't really mind the flames (which seems to be why IWD has been banned); everyone has bad games/days from time to time and of course you only hear about the bad ones in court. On the other hand you have players like Dyrus trolling and feeding on purpose (on a stream with 10k viewers no less) or just afk/ragequit games. As a player, I'd rather have someone on my team who is mad at me for making a mistake (to be honest, no one gets mad at someone for no reason) than someone who is actively working for the other team to win. Of course we won't see any punishment for Dyrus because Riot loves TSM for some reason (also inb4 fanboy downvotes).
1	It is certainly a good idea to "clean up" in a high-profile area at once, especially when players get money from Riot to become a paid player and represent their game. On the other hand though, the times I saw IWD on the rivers were not doing anything unusual. There is a rubbish joke that speaks in almost all sports and since the inception of the Court everyone has grown very thin. Now I am not saying that what he did was right but a year-long ban is also a severe punishment for a pro-revenue player (aka pro players). Since I was probably 10 years older than the average league player I was not too angry with the flames (which seems to be IWD banned); everyone has bad games / days all the time and of course, you just hear about the bad ones in Court. On the other hand you have players like Dyrus who walk and feed on purpose (in the flow with 10k viewers not less) or just afk / ragequit games. As a player I would rather have someone on my team who is angry with me for making mistakes (no one gets mad at someone without a reason to be honest) than someone who works hard for another team to win. Of course, we will not see any punishment for Dyrus though because Riot likes TSM for some reason (also low inb4 fan votes).
1	It’s certainly a good step to “clean up” the top spot of elo once, especially if players earn money from Riot to become a game player and represent their game. On the other hand, the times I saw IWD on the radio did nothing out of the ordinary. It jokes about almost every game and since the introduction of the Tribunal everyone has been very thin. Now I'm not saying that what he did was right but a year-long ban is a severe punishment for someone who relies on earnings (famous players). As I am probably 10 years older than the average league player I am not really upset about the heat (which seems to be why IWD is banned); everyone has bad sports / days all the time and of course, you only hear bad news in the Tribunal. On the other hand you have players like Dyrus who walk and feed on purpose (in broadcasts with at least 10k viewers) or just afk / ragequit games. As a player I prefer to have someone on my team who will scold me for making a mistake (no one gets mad at someone other than for good reason) than someone who works hard for another team to win. Of course, we will not see any punishment for Dyrus because Riot likes TSM for some reason (and inb4 fanboy downvotes).
1	I'll start by saying I'm a Riot fan since day 1, starting beta and introducing a lot of people to the game. I truly believed in what riot's mission has been so far. However, Riot ruined his league career. Do you think LoL will be the most competitive game for another 5 years? Think again, this year is the single most important year so far, and will determine if this is a viable approach to professional eSports games. Of which IWD has put considerable time and effort into helping to develop the pro-scene up to this point, as he has been a part of it for a long time. Games have, and will always be, full of players. Since the beginning of games, people have been hyped / emotional / talking / etc. when things do not go as intended. It ranges from a 2-year-old to a 50-year-old. I have never been punished by the tribunal on any of my accounts. But from the beginning of the tribunal that was implemented as it is, it started to be a BIG idea, and it was quickly realized that not all god ideas are properly implemented. It was the beginning, since the first time since I played this game more than 3 years ago, that I was disappointed with Riot. And this very hard implementation just leaves me with a taste in my mouth that riot pushes more to provide to its masses (not top 20% elo) players, just like WoW did in its inception after Blackwing lair I believe it was called . They made everything an easy mode and more accessible to the casual player and continued to do so from what I was told. I see this game doing the same thing in a different way, punishing players by perma-banning is already excessive considering the amount of time and money the individual puts in. This in itself tries to change the nature of online games, competitive gamers like I mentioned above have historically had a furious nature. That's why they're playing a PURE PVP based game. The root disruption of the game in my opinion is not typ ragers, you have many options if your feelings are hurt by keystrokes. The biggest problem is people who do not communicate in team select / afk-ragequitter's. It disrupts the game the most, I had a lot of anger in my games and there is a mute button for every player in the game that any idiot can figure out. If your feelings are so hurt in a competitive environment, I suggest you stay at Candyland, because regardless of Riot's position on this, this behavior towards less skilled players in EVERY competitive style game will be until the end of the game. The best players, want to win.
1	I'll start by stating that I've been a supporter of Riot since day one, since the beta and introduced the game to many people. So far, I really believe in riot's mission. However, Riot did ruin his league career. Do you think League of Legends will be the most competitive game in the next 5 years? On second thought, this year has been the most important year yet and will determine whether this is a viable approach to professional gaming in eSports. Among them, IWD has invested a lot of time and energy to help develop the career scene, as he has been involved for a long time. Games have been and will always be filled with gamers. People have been hyped/emotional/chattered/etc since the game started. When things don't go as expected. This ranges from 2 years old to 50 years old. I have never been punished by a court for any of my accounts. However, it started out as a great idea from the time the court started implementing it this way, and soon realized that not all of God's ideas were implemented correctly. This is the beginning, I've been disappointed with Riot for the first time since playing the game 3 years ago. And this very draconian implementation just makes me feel like riot is catering more to its mass (rather than top 20% elo) players as I believe it did when WoW started after Blackwing Lair. They made everything easy mode to make it easier for casual gamers to pick up and continue to do so based on what I've been told. I see this game doing the same thing in a different way, and punishing the player with a permanent ban is overkill considering the time and money individuals have put into it. This in itself is an attempt to change the nature of online gaming, as I said above, competitive gamers have historically been of a frenzied nature. That's why they are playing pure PVP games. Typing frenzy isn't the root of the game in my opinion, and if your senses are hurt by keystrokes, you have plenty of options. The biggest problem is not having people communicating in team select/afk-ragequitter. This disrupts the game the most, I have a lot of angry people in my game, and every player in the game has a mute button that any idiot can figure out. If your feelings are hurting so much in a competitive environment, I recommend sticking with Candy Land, because regardless of Riot's stance on this, this behavior toward less-skilled players will play a role in every competitive style of play. Appears in the game until the end of the game. The best players want to win.
1	I'll start by stating that I've been a Riot supporter since day one, starting with the beta and introducing the game to many people. I've really believed in Riot's mission so far. However, Riot destroyed his league career. Think LoL will be the most competitive game for another 5 years? Make no mistake, this year is the biggest year yet and will determine if this is a feasible approach for professional eSports gaming. Of which IWD has put a lot of time and effort into helping grow the professional scene so far, as it has been a part of it for a long time. The game has and always will be full of players. Since the start of the game, people are excited/emotional/jabbers/etc. when things don't go as planned. It ranges from a 2-year-old child to a 50-year-old man. I have never been punished by the court for any of my accounts. However, from the very beginning of the implementation of the court as it is, it started out as a great idea, and it was quickly realized that not all divine ideas are implemented correctly. It was the beginning, since the first time since I played this game over 3 years ago, I was disappointed with Riot. And this very harsh implementation only leaves me with a taste in my mouth that riot is pushing more towards restoring its masses (not the top 20% elo), just like WoW did to its debut after Blackwing's lair, I believe it was called. They made the whole mode easy and more accessible to the casual player and continued to do so from what I'm told. I see this game doing the same thing in a different way, punishing players with a permanent ban is already excessive considering the time and money invested by the individual. This in itself is trying to change the nature of online gaming, competitive gamers as I said above have historically had a raging nature. That's why they play a PURELY PVP game. In my opinion, the main disturbance of the game is not typing ragers, you have many options if your feelings are hurt by keystrokes. The biggest problem is people not communicating in the select/afk-ragequitter's team. This disrupts the game the most, I've had a lot of ragers in my games and there's a mute button for every player in the game that any moron can figure out. If your feelings are so hurt in a competitive environment, I suggest you stick with Candyland, because regardless of Riot's stance on this, this behavior towards less skilled players will be present in ALL competitive-style games until 'at the end of the game. The best players want to win.
1	I’ll start by saying that I’ve been a Riota fan since day one, starting with the beta version and bringing a lot of people into the game. I really believed in what the riot mission has been so far. However, Riot ruined his league career. Do you think LoL will be the most competitive game for another 5 years? Think again, this year is the most important year so far, and it will determine if it is a viable approach to playing eSports professionally. Of which IWD has invested a lot of time and effort to help develop the professional scene to this point because it has been a part of it for a long time. Gaming has had and will always be full of players. From the beginning of playing games, people get irritated / emotionally / chatter / etc. when things don't go well. It ranges from 2-year-olds to 50-year-olds. I have never been punished by the Tribunal on any of my accounts. However, from the beginning of the implementation of the Tribunal in the way it is, it started to be a GREAT idea and it was quickly realized that not all of God’s ideas are implemented properly. This was the beginning, since the first time since playing this game more than 3 years ago I was disappointed with Riot. And this very sharp implementation just leaves a taste in my mouth that riot is more compelling to serve its masses (not the top 20% elo) of players, just like WoW did in the beginning after Blackwing lair, I believe it was called. They made everything simpler and more accessible to casual players and continued to do so according to what I was told. I see that this game does the same thing in a different way, punishing players with a permanent ban is already excessive given the amount of time and money an individual has invested. This in itself tries to change the nature of online gaming, competitive players, as I mentioned above, have historically had a furious nature. That's why they play a PURE PVP game. The root disorder of the game in my opinion is not typing furious, you have a lot of options if your feelings are hurt by pressing the keys. The biggest problem is people who do not communicate in team selections / afk-rabies. This interferes with the game the most, I’ve had a lot of rage in my games and there’s a mute button for every player in the game that every moron can figure out. If your feelings are so hurt in a competitive environment, I suggest you stick to candyland because regardless of Riot’s attitude about it, this kind of behavior towards less skilled players will be in EVERY competitive style game until the end of the game. The best players want to win.
1	I'm a Riot supporter from day one, starting with the beta and introducing the game to a lot of people. I really believe in the riot mission so far. But Riot destroyed his league career. Do you think LoL will be the most competitive game in the next five years? Think again. This year is the most important year to date and will determine if this is a viable approach to eSports Pro games. IWD has been involved in the professional scene for a long time and has spent a great deal of time and effort supporting the development of the professional scene up to this point. The game has been and will continue to be full of gamers. Since the beginning of the game, people have been hype / emotional / jabber mouth etc. When things don't go as intended. This ranges from 2 to 50 years old. I have never been punished by court in any of my accounts. But after the court began to do so, it began to be a great idea, and soon realized that not all God's ideas were properly implemented. This was the beginning of my disappointment with Riot since I played this game over three years ago. And this very harsh implementation says the riots are pushing further towards catering to its mass (not the top 20% elo) players, as WoW first did after the Blackwing hideout. Leave the taste to me. They put everything in easy mode, making it more accessible to casual gamers, and continued to do so from what I was told. I think this game is doing the same thing differently. Given the time and money individuals have spent, punishing players for perm bans is already overkill. This in itself is about to change the nature of online games. As mentioned earlier, competitive gamers have historically been raging in nature. That's why they are playing purely PVP-based games. In my opinion, the fundamental mess of the game isn't entering the rager. If your emotions are compromised by keystrokes, you have many options. The biggest problem is people who don't communicate in the team select / afk-rage quitter. This is the most confusing game. There is a lot of anger in the game, and each player in the game has a mute button that any Moron can understand. If your emotions are severely compromised in a highly competitive environment, it's a good idea to stick to Candyland. Regardless of the rioting attitude towards this, this action against less skilled players will be an all-competitive style game until the end of the game. The best player wants to win.
1	I will begin by telling supporter there has been a ruckus since day 1, starting with the beta and introducing many to the game. Actually, we believed in what a great uproar the mission had hitherto been. But Riot abolished his treaty. Do you think LoL will be around as a crowded game for another 5 years? Think again, this year is one of the biggest years to date and decide whether this is an approach to developing a professional game. Out of these IWD has put a substantial amount of time and effort into helping progress progress up to this point, as has been part of it for a long time. The cat is always fun and always. From the beginning of the game, people are hyped/emotional/gaping shooter/etc. when things are not on your mind. This article was reported from 2 years old to 50 years old. I have never been punished by any of my accounts. Although he was only focused at the beginning of the stairs, he started with a great idea, and quickly realized that not all the ideas of God were properly perfected. This was the beginning since I first played this game 3 years ago when I was cheated by Riot. And this hardest execution only leaves me with a taste in my mouth as the luxury of catering to the masses (not 20% elo) inspires players, just like WoW did in the beginning after Blackwing was called onto the theme. The random games made everything easy and easy, and they continued to do what I said. This video game does the same thing in another way, punishing players by checking the already excessive amount of time and money from each game. This is in itself attempting to change the nature of online gaming, as competitive gamers have historically had a raging nature. As a result, they play a purely sexy game. The root disruption of the game, in my opinion, is not intruders typing, there's plenty of options for you if the keystrokes are affected. The biggest problem is people who do not share on select/afk-ragquitter companies. This game frustrates me the most, I had plenty of insane games on it, and it's a dumb game that any moron can figure out for any game. If your feelings are as injured in the competitive environment as in candyland I'm convinced you'll stick to that regardless of luxury in this case, this attitude towards less experienced players will be in every competitive style game until the end of the game. Most players want to win.
1	I want to start by saying that I have been a Riot supporter since day 1, starting with the beta and introducing many many people to the game. I have really believed in what the mission of the uprising has been so far. However, Riot ruined his league career. Do you think LoL will be the most competitive game for another 5 years? Think again, this year is the most important single year to date, and will determine if this is a feasible approach to eSports professional gaming. Of which IWD has invested considerable time and effort in helping to develop the professional scene to this point, since he has been a part of it for a long time. Gaming has, and will always be, full of players. Since the beginning of the game, people have been hyped / emotional / chatted / etc. when things do not go as planned. This varies from a 2-year-old to a 50-year-old. I have never been punished by the court on any of my accounts. But from the beginning the tribunal was implemented the way it is, it started to be a GREAT idea, and it was quickly realized that not all of God's ideas are implemented correctly. This was the start, since the first time since I played this game over 3 years ago that I have been disappointed with Riot. And this very tough implementation leaves me with only a taste in my mouth that the uprising is pushing more towards taking care of the masses (not top 20% elo) players, just like WoW did in the beginning after Blackwing Lair I think it was called. They did everything in a simple mode and more accessible to the casual player and continued with what I have been told. I see that this game does the same thing in a different way, punishing players with perma-cursing is already excessive considering how much time and money the individual puts in. This in itself tries to change the nature of online games, competing players as I said above have historically had a furious nature. That's why they play a CLEAN PVP based game. The root break of the game in my opinion is not to type rage, you have many options if your emotions are hurt by keystrokes. The biggest problem is people who do not communicate in team select / afk-ragequitter's. This disturbs the game the most, I have had many racers in my games, and there is a mute button for each player in the game that any idiot can figure out. If your feelings get so hurt in a competitive environment, I suggest you stick to candyland, because regardless of Rio's attitude toward this, this behavior toward less skilled players will be in EVERY competitive style of play until the end of the game. The best players want to win.
1	I'll start by saying that I've been a Riot supporter since day 1, starting with the beta and introducing the game to a lot of people. I've really believed in what Riot's mission has been so far. However, Riot destroyed his career in the league. Do you think LoL will remain the most competitive game for another 5 years? Think again, this year is the biggest year to date and will determine if this is a feasible approach for professional eSports gaming. Of which IWD has put a lot of time and effort into helping develop the pro scene to this point, having been a part of it for a long time. The game has been and always will be full of players. Since the beginning of the games, people get excited, get excited, talk with their mouths, etc. when things don't go as planned. This ranges from 2 years to 50 years. I have not been penalized by the court on any of my accounts, ever. However, from the beginning of the court's implementation the way it is, it started out as a GREAT idea, and he quickly realized that not all of God's ideas are implemented correctly. This was the start, from the first time since I played this game over 3 years ago that I was disappointed by Riot. And this harsh implementation just leaves me with a taste in my mouth that riot is pushing more towards their massive players (not the top 20% elo), just like WoW did in its early days after Blackwing lair, I guess called. They made the whole mode easy and more accessible for the casual player and have continued to do so from what I'm told. I see this game doing the same thing in a different way, punishing players with permanent ban is already overkill considering the amount of time and money the individual invests. This in itself is trying to change the nature of online gaming, competitive gamers as I said earlier have historically had a raging nature. This is why they are playing a PURELY PVP based game. In my opinion, the main interruption of the game is not typing ragers, you have many options if your feelings are hurt by keystrokes. The biggest problem is people not communicating on team select/afk-ragequitter's. This is what disrupts the game the most, I've had a lot of rabies in my games and there is a mute button for every player in the game that any moron can figure out. If your feelings are so hurt in a competitive setting, I'd suggest sticking with the candy because regardless of Riot's stance on the matter, this behavior towards less skilled players will be in EVERY competitive style game until late game. . The best players want to win.
1	I will start by saying I have been a fan of Riot since day 1, starting with beta and introducing more people to the game. I truly believe in what the motive for the violence has been so far. However, Riot ruined his league career. Do you think LoL will be like the most competitive game in another 5 years? Think again, this year is one of the most important years to date, and you will notice if this is a possible approach to eSports professional gaming. Which IWD has put a lot of time and effort into helping to develop the pro area so far as it has been a part of it for so long. Gaming has, and will always be full of players. Since the beginning of gaming, people have been hit / emotionally / verbally beaten / etc. when things do not go as planned. This is between a child of 2 to 50 years. I have never been punished by a court for any of my accounts. However, since the advent of the judiciary, it became a GREAT idea, and it soon became apparent that not all of God's ideas were being implemented properly. This was the beginning, from the first time since playing this game over 3 years ago that I was disappointed with Riot. And this very aggressive implementation just left me with a taste in my mouth that the violence is pushing further towards the catering to its citizens (not over 20% elo) players, just as WOW did in its inception after Blackwing lair I believe was called. They made everything easier and more accessible to the average player and continued to do so based on what I was told. I see this game doing the same thing in a different way, punishing players with perma ban is already too much in terms of time and money set by the individual. This in itself is an attempt to change the nature of online gaming, competing players as I mentioned above have had a history of historically annoying behavior. That’s why they play the PVP PURELY game. The basic distraction of the game in my opinion is not to write rager, you have many options if your emotions are hurt by the buttons. The biggest problem is people who do not communicate in select / afk-ragequitter's team. This complicates the game even more, I have had many savages in my games and there is a silence button for every player in the game that any fool can appreciate. If your emotions are deeply hurt in a competitive environment, I recommend sticking to candyland because regardless of Riot's position on this, this behavior for inexperienced players will be in EVERY competitive sports game until the end of gaming. The best players, they want to win.
1	I will start by saying that I have been a Riot fan since day 1, starting with a beta and introducing a lot of people to the game. I truly believe in what the goal of the riots is so far. However, Riot wasted his league career. Do you think LoL will be the most competitive game in another 5 years? Think again, this year is one of the most important years to date, and you will decide if this is a possible eSports gaming experience. IWD has invested a lot of time and effort in helping to improve the pro environment so far as it has been a part of it for a long time. Games have, and will always be full of players. From the beginning of the game, people get hyped / emotional / jabber mouthed / etc. when things did not go as planned. This ranges from 2 to 50 year olds. I have never been punished by a court for any of my accounts. However, from the very beginning of the court's use of justice, it began to be a GREAT concept, and it soon became apparent that not all of God's ideas were correct. This was the beginning, for the first time since I played the game 3 years ago that I was disappointed with Riot. And this brutal launch leaves me with a taste in my mouth that the turmoil continues to provide for its many players (not the top 20% of that), as did WoW at its inception after the Blackwing lair I believe it was called. They made everything in simple mode and easily accessible to the average player and continued to do that with what I was told. I see this game doing the same thing in a different way, punishing players with a perma ban has already gone too far in terms of time and money invested by each individual. This alone is trying to change the genre of online games, competing gaming players as I mentioned above historically had a fiery nature. That is why they are playing a game based on PURELY PVP. Root disturbance of the game in my opinion is not typical rager, you have many options if your emotions are damaged by keystrokes. The biggest problem with people not connecting to team select / afk-ragequitter's. This is very disruptive, I have had a lot of rager in my games and there is a quiet button for each player in the game that anyone can find. If your emotions are severely damaged in the competition area I suggest you stick to candyland because no matter how Riot stands in this, this behavior towards less talented players will be EVERY competitive style game until the end of the game. The best players, they want to win.
0	sigh you are right. I would of course suggest things like indemnity that says "do you have legal issues? Then get a lawyer! This is not a law firm, this is the internet!", Probably an indemnity regarding jurisdictions, and should be one of the rules " do not ask Questions about a legal problem you have, if so, find a lawyer. This subreddit is to discuss legality in an academic sense. " as far as identity is concerned, I have not yet found a solution to it with anything that is online. Obviously, this will require people to generally try to be honest, work based on reputation, and generally be good rather than dishonest. But, like I said, you're right, it's going to be something of a nightmare to drive. Goodness knows the discussion of the legal precedent and the relevance of the cultural moral climate in the time when those precedents arose and the current climate is part of what interests me most about the subject. Wires would explode into massive walls of text, miles high, with
0	Sigh you are right. I would obviously suggest a disclaimer saying "Do you have a legal question? Then get a lawyer! This is not a law firm, this is the Internet!", probably a disclaimer about jurisdiction, where one of the rules should be "Don't ask about you Questions about legal issues encountered, if that's the case, get a lawyer. This subreddit is used to discuss legality in an academic sense. Regarding identity, I haven't found any solutions online. Obviously, this would require people to usually Try to be honest, work on reputation, and generally be good and not dishonest. But, as I said, you're right, it's going to be a nightmare. Kindness knows what to do with legal precedents when these precedents arise discussion and the relevance of the cultural moral climate, and the current climate is the part I'm most interested in. Threads will explode into giant walls of text, miles high,
0	sigh you are right. I would obviously suggest things like a disclaimer saying "are you in legal trouble? So get a lawyer! This isn't a law firm, this is the internet!", probably a disclaimer. liability regarding jurisdictions, and one of the rules should be "don't ask questions about a legal problem you are having, if so, find a lawyer. This subreddit is intended to discuss legality in an academic sense .as far as identity goes I haven't found a solution to that yet with anything online.Obviously that would require people to generally try to be honest and work from their reputation and be generally good rather than dishonest. But, as I said, you're right, that would be a nightmare to deal with. Heaven knows that the discussion of legal precedent and the relevance of cultural moral climates at the time when those precedents are appeared and t the current climates are part of what interests me the most on the subject. The threads would explode into massive walls of text, miles high, with
0	sigh you're right. Obviously I would suggest things like disclaimers: "do you have legal problems? Then look for a lawyer! This is not a law firm, this is the internet!", Probably a disclaimer regarding jurisdictions, and one of the rules should be "no ask questions about the legal problem you have, if so, find a lawyer. This sub-committee is for discussing legalities in an academic sense. " as for identity, I have yet to find a solution to this with anything online. Obviously, this would require people to generally try to be honest, work on the basis of reputation, and generally be good, not dishonest. But like I said, you’re right, it would be something like a nightmare to manage. Goodness knows the debate about legal precedent and the importance of the cultural moral climate at the time these precedents emerged, and the current conditions are part of what interests me most about this topic. Nor would they explode into the massive walls of text, miles high
0	You sigh right. I clearly suggest a disclaimer, "Do you have a legal problem? Hire a lawyer! This is the internet, not a law firm!", Probably a jurisdiction disclaimer. One of the rules is "Don't ask". If you have any questions about your legal issues, look for a lawyer. This subreddit is for discussing legality in the academic sense. As for identity, I haven't found a solution to it online yet. Obviously, it will require people to be generally honest, work on reputation, and generally strive to be good rather than injustice. But, as I said, you're right, it would be a nightmare to manage. Goodness knows the discussion of legal cases and the relevance of cultural and moral climates when those cases occur and the current climate is part of what I am most interested in on this subject. I am. The thread explodes into a huge wall of text a few miles high.
0	sigh you're right. I obviously suggest things like a disclaimer saying "Do you have legal issues? Then spend an attorney! This is not a lawyer's job, it's internet", probably a challenge about jurisdictions, and one rule should be "Don't ask. About the legal questions you have, if this is the case you'll find an attorney. This is the subreddit for discussing legal matters in the academic sense. about identity, i still have a solution to what is online. Of course he would seek men to prove that they were generally honest, that hardship by reputation, and generally good rather than dishonest. But, as I said rightly, it was something of a nightmare. Goodness knows the debate of the previous law and the importance of cultural moral climate at the time when those models arose and the current climates have a part in what matters most to me. The mass would explode into a mass of tissues, miles deep, with
0	sigh you are right. I would obviously suggest things like disclaimer that says "do you have legal issues? So get a lawyer! This is not a law firm, this is the internet!", Probably a disclaimer regarding jurisdictions, and one of the rules should be "do not ask questions about a legal problem you have, if that is the case, find a lawyer. This subreddit is for discussing legality in the academic sense. " As for identity, I have not yet found a solution to it with something that is online. This will of course require people in general to try to be honest, work based on reputation and generally be good instead of dishonest. But like I said, you're right, it would be a nightmare to deal with. Goodness knows the discussion about the legal precedent and the relevance of the cultural moral climate at the time when these precedents arose and today's climate is part of what interests me most about the subject. Threads would explode into massive walls of text, miles high, with
0	sigh, you're right. Obviously I would suggest things like a disclaimer saying "have legal problems? Get a lawyer! This isn't a law firm, it's the internet!", probably a disclaimer regarding jurisdictions, and one of the rules should be "don't ask". questions about a legal problem you have, if that is the case, find an attorney. This subreddit is for discussing legal aspects in an academic sense. With regards to identity, I have yet to find a solution for that with anything online. Obviously it would require people to try to be honest in general, work on function of reputation and generally good rather than dishonest. But like I said, you're right, it would be kind of a nightmare to deal with. God knows the discussion of legal precedent and the relevance of cultural moral climates at the time that those precedents arose and the current climates is part of what interests me the most about the subject.The threads would explode into enormous walls of text, kilometers high, with
0	breathe you are fine. Obviously I would suggest things like a disclaimer saying "do you have legal issues? Then get a lawyer! This is not a law office, it's a network!", Perhaps a disclaimer about authority, and one of the rules should be "do not ask. that's right, find a lawyer. This subreddit is for legal discussion in the professional sense. " As for identity, I have not yet found a solution to that and anything that is online. Obviously it would require people in general to try to be honest, to work on the basis of merit, and generally to be good rather than dishonest. But, as I said, you are right, it would be a dream come true. Goodness knows the discussion of the legal model and the importance of a cultural ethical climate at a time when such models emerged and the current climate is part of what fascinates me most about the subject. The cargo would explode into huge text walls, miles away, and
0	sighs true. Obviously I would suggest things like the excuse clause "do you have a legal problem? Then get a lawyer! This is not a legal office, it is the internet!" Attorney. This subreddit is a legal discussion on the concept of education. " As for the ID, I have not yet found a solution to that with anything online. Obviously it would require people to generally try to be honest, reputation-based, and often better than dishonest. But, as I said, you are right, it can be a dream come true. Goodness is familiar with the discussion of the preamble and the validity of cultural norms at a time when those examples emerged and the current circumstances are part of what really intrigues me on this subject. Fibers can burst into large text walls, miles in height, with
0	Sorry, but that show is awful. In characterization, it's insulting in the way it constantly portrays this nerd as sexist, arrogant and spineless, introverted, socially and emotionally awkward (everyone has Mommy issues, everyone looks "virgin", everyone is prepuberscent in behavior, everyone has the same fandoms , the same dislikes). I laugh a lot at these silly stereotypes, but no one challenges their labels, no one actually shows that they are a multidimensional character in this story - they all simply follow their typical archetype. And so, there is no character development, no one changes and nothing ever happens, because everyone is the same vague and insulting stereotype. What upset me the most, however, was the lack of tact that the writers used to shape Raj's character. Not only were they able to write an offensive stereotype as they fall into the same ugly patterns I mentioned above ... but they do so while dealing with the sensitive topic of presenting the only character who is a racial minority is (assuming Howard is not racially or ethnically Jewish). I mean, come on. Raj's plight, his aspirations and achievements, are ignored even when clumsily portrayed as the center of the plot. It seems like these writers are not even writing one serious episode examining his characters, but it's much worse. It's as if these writers can not even plan one episode about Raj, even to just mock and humiliate him, as they can for Sheldon or Howard or Leonard. Raj is never the center of a storyline, not even when he's supposed to be the joke of the episode, and so fails most of the entire character group ... which says a LOT.
0	Sorry, but that show sucks. In character descriptions, it constantly paints these nerds as sexist, arrogant and spineless, introverted, socially and emotionally inept (all have mom issues, all seem to be "virgins", all prepubescent, all the same fans, same dislike). I'd love to laugh at these silly stereotypes, but no one challenges their labels, no one really says they're multidimensional characters in this story - they're all just following their typical archetypes. So there is no character development, no one changes, and nothing happens because everyone is the same boring and insulting stereotype. What really bothers me, however, is the lack of skill by the writers in creating Raj's character. Not only do they fail to write harmless stereotypes when they fall into the same ugly patterns I mentioned above...but they do when dealing with the sensitive subject of presenting the only minority character (assuming Howard is not racial or ethnic). Jews). I mean, come on. Raj's plight, his ambitions and achievements, even when clumsily served as the central point of the plot, are ignored. These writers can't seem to even write a serious episode that explores their characters, but that's a lot worse. It's like these writers couldn't even plan an episode about Raj, or even just specifically mock and humiliate him, as they did for Sheldon or Howard or Leonard. Raj was never at the center of the storyline, even though he was supposed to be the joke of the episode, and thus the most flop of the entire character cast...that says a lot.
0	Sorry, but this show is terrible. In characterization, it's insulting in the way he constantly portrays these nerds as sexist, arrogant and spineless, introverted, socially and emotionally inept (all have mommy issues, all seem "virginal", all have prepubescent behavior, all have the same fandoms, the same dislikes). I'm okay laughing at these silly stereotypes, but no one is arguing with their labels, no one is actually showing that they're a multi-dimensional character in this story - they're all just following their typical archetype. And so, there's no character development, no one changes, and nothing ever happens because everyone's the same vapid, insulting stereotype. What bothered me the most, however, was the screenwriters' lack of tact in molding Raj's character. Not only were they unable to write a harmless stereotype as they fall into those same ugly patterns I mentioned above...but they do it while dealing with the sensitive subject of featuring the only character who is a racial minority (in assuming Howard is not racially or ethnically Jewish). I mean come on. Raj's struggles, aspirations and accomplishments are ignored even when they are clumsily presented as central plot points. These writers can't even seem to write a serious episode that explores its characters, but it's way worse. It's like these writers can't even plan an episode about Raj, even to exclusively mock and humiliate him, like they can for Sheldon, Howard or Leonard. Raj is never the focus of a storyline, even when he's supposed to be the joke of the episode, and therefore fails the most on the entire cast of characters... which is saying a LOT.
0	Sorry, but this show is awful. The characterization is offensive in the way he constantly portrays these nerds as sexists, arrogant and spineless, introverted, socially and emotionally incompetent (everyone has problems with mom, everyone looks "virgin", everyone is pre-adolescent, everyone has the same fandoms, the same does not like). I can laugh at these stupid stereotypes, but no one disputes their labels, no one actually shows that they are a multidimensional character in this story - they all just follow their typical archetype. And so, there is no character development, no one changes and nothing ever happens because they are all the same stupid and offensive stereotypes. However, what really upset me the most was the lack of tact that the writers had in shaping Paradise's character. Not only were they unable to write an insulting stereotype because they fell into the same ugly patterns I mentioned above ... but they do so while dealing with the sensitive topic of representing the only character who is a racial minority (assuming Howard is not a racial or ethnic Jew) . I mean, come on. Paradise's troubles, aspirations and achievements are ignored even when they are clumsily presented as the focal points of the action. It seems that these writers cannot write a single serious episode that explores her characters, but this is much worse. As if these writers can’t plan a single episode about Paradise, not even just ridicule and humiliate it exclusively, as they can for Sheldon or Howard or Leonard. Paradise is never at the center of the story, even when it should be a joke of the episode, and therefore it misses the most of the entire cast ... which says a LOT.
0	I'm sorry, the show is terrible. In characterization, it is always insulting in a way that describes these nerds as sexist, arrogant, boneless, introverted, socially and emotionally incompetent (all with mom's problems). Or, everything looks like a "virgin", everything is pre-pubertal behavior, all have the same fandom, the same dislike). I'm okay to laugh at these ridiculous stereotypes, but no one disagrees with their label and no one really shows in this story that they are multidimensional characters. -They all just follow their typical archetype. So nothing happens because the character hasn't developed, no one has changed, and everyone has the same frail and insulting stereotype. But what bothered me most was the lack of tact that the writer took in forming the large character. Not only could they not write offensive stereotypes because they fall into the same ugly pattern I mentioned above ... but they are sensitive to presenting the only character that is a racial minority. Do it while dealing with various subjects (racially or ethnically Jewish assuming Howard is not). In other words, come on. Large plight, his aspirations and achievements, are ignored even if they are clumsyly introduced as the center of conspiracy. These writers don't even seem to be able to write one serious episode exploring that character, which is much worse. Like Sheldon, Howard, and Leonard, these writers can't even plan an episode about Raj, and can't even ridicule him exclusively and humiliate him. Large is the most unsuccessful of all cast characters, as it never becomes the center of the story, even if it's supposed to be an episode joke ... this says a lot. ..
0	Sorry, but the show is awesome. In characterisation, the insult is constantly being described by these nerds as sexist, arrogant, spineless, introverted, socially and affectionately inept (all have mommy issues, they all seem "virginal", they're all precocious in character, they're all in the same fandom, they don't want the same thing). I ended up laughing at these silly stereotypes, but none of those labels challenges, no one actually shows they are a multidimensional character in this story-- they all merely follow their typical archetype. Therefore, no character development, no one changes, and nothing ever happens, because everyone is the same flawed and insulting stereotype. What really disturbed me the most was the lack of skilful writers in forming Raj's characters. Not only could they write about the stereotype unchecked when those same pornography patterns I mentioned above have occurred... but they do it with a sensitive subject of presenting a unique character who is a racial minority (if Howard is not racially or ethnically Jewish). I say, come on. Raj's situations, aspirations and skills are overlooked even when inappropriately introduced as the center of the plot points. These writers can't write anything more serious that explores its character, but it's much worse. It's like these writers don't install one episode of Raj, even as they only laugh and humiliate him, as they can for Sheldon or Howard or Leonardo. Raj is never the center of the story, even though he is always considered to be a laughing matter, and that's why he mostly plays the whole idea of ​​the story...which he says a lot.
0	Sorry, but that program is terrible. In characterization, it is insulting in the way it constantly portrays these nerds as sexist, arrogant and invertebrate, introverted, socially and emotionally incompetent (everyone has maternity problems, everyone seems "virgin", everyone is prepubertal in behavior, everyone has the same fandom, same dislike ). I like to laugh at these stupid stereotypes, but no one challenges their labels, no one actually shows that they are a multidimensional character in this story - they all just follow their typical archetype. And so, there is no character development, no one changes and nothing happens because everyone is the same silly and insulting stereotype. What really bothered me the most, however, was the lack of tact the writers took to shape Raj's character. Not only were they unable to write a harmless stereotype as they fall into the same ugly patterns as I mentioned above ... but they do so while addressing the sensitive topic of presenting the only character who is a racial minority (assuming Howard is not racially or ethnically Jewish). I mean, come on. Raj's difficulties, his ambitions and achievements are ignored even when they are clumsily introduced as focal points in the action. These writers can not even write a serious episode that explores the characters, but this is much worse. It's like these writers can not even plan one episode about Raj, even to just mock and humiliate him, as they can for Sheldon or Howard or Leonard. Raj is never the center of a story, even when he is meant to be the joke in the episode, and therefore most of the entire cast fails ... which says a LOT.
0	I'm sorry, but that show is terrible. In characterization, it's insulting how he constantly portrays these nerds as sexist, arrogant and weak, introverted, socially and emotionally inept (they all have mommy issues, they all seem "virginal", they all have pre-teen behavior, they all have the same fandoms, the same dislikes). I'm fine with laughing at these silly stereotypes, but no one defies their labels, no one really shows that they're a multidimensional character in this story, everyone just follows their typical archetype. And so there is no character development, no one changes and nothing ever happens because everyone is the same bland and insulting stereotype. However, what bothered me the most was the writers' lack of tact in shaping the character of Raj. Not only were they unable to write a harmless stereotype as they fall into the same ugly patterns I mentioned earlier... but they do so while dealing with the delicate issue of presenting the only character who is a racial minority (assuming Howard is not racial or ethnically Jewish). Now then. Raj's struggles, his aspirations and achievements, are ignored even as they are clumsily presented as central plot points. It seems like these writers can't even write a serious episode that explores their characters, but this is so much worse. It's like these writers can't even plan an episode about Raj, even to exclusively mock and humiliate him, like they can with Sheldon, Howard or Leonard. Raj is never the center of a story, ever, even when he's supposed to be the joke of the episode and thus fails the most out of the entire cast of characters... which is saying A LOT.
0	Sorry, but the show is bad. In character, it is insulting in the way it portrays these idiots as sexist, arrogant and thorny, irrational, socially incapable and emotional (they all have Mother issues, they all look like "virgins", they are all behavioral, they all have the same fanaticism, the same dislike). I'm okay to laugh at these silly misconceptions, but no one disputes their labels, no one shows that they are the main characters in this story - they all just follow their natural forms. And so, there is no character development, no one is changing and nothing is happening because everyone is equally abusive. What bothered me the most, however, was the lack of wisdom that the writers took in creating Raj character. Not only did they not write down the misconceptions as they fall into these evil systems I mentioned above ... but they do so by dealing with the sensitive topic of presenting the only character who is a minority tribe (considering Howard is not. Ethnic or ethnic). I mean, come on. Raj’s problems, his aspirations and his successes, are not taken into account even when they are identified as the main components of the plot. These writers can’t even write one heavy section that examines its characters, but this one is even worse. It is as if these writers could not even plan a single episode about Raj, even mocking and humiliating him alone, as they can for Sheldon or Howard or Leonard. Raj is never the center of the story, even when he deserves to be the comedian of the show, and so he fails the most among all the characters ... which says MUCH.
0	Sorry, but that show is bad. Socially, it is insulting in the way it always portrays these same-sex, arrogant and irrational people, irrational, socially and emotionally irritated (they all have Mom’s problems, they all look like “virgins”, they all don’t share the same morals, they all have the same views, same dislikes). I live by the laughter of these stupid superstitions, but no one challenges the labels, no one shows that they can be many characters in this story - they all just follow their usual archetype. So, no character development, no change and nothing ever happened because everyone is like empty and insulting ideas. What bothered me the most, however, was the lack of wisdom the writers took in creating the character of Raj. Not only did they fail to write the offensive theory as they fell into the negative patterns I mentioned above ... but they did it while discussing the critical topic of introducing one character of a minority race (assuming Howard is not racist or Jewish). I mean, come on. Raj's problems, desires, and accomplishments are often overlooked even when they are presented in a mysterious way. These writers don’t even seem to write a single critical episode that explores its characters, but this is awful. It’s as if these writers can’t even edit a single episode about Raj, even just mocking and humiliating him in particular, as they would in Sheldon or Howard or Leonard. Raj has never been the subject of a story, though he should have been a comedian of the episode, and as a result he is a huge failure of all the characters ... which means a LOT.
0	I did not realize it is not popular either. A lot of people say it's because they feel insulted, because apparently the program makes fun of nerds ... I think if you get angry that it's mocking nerds, you're either not nerdy enough or you do 'To realize that the cool being part of a nerd is that you do not care what people think, because you are probably better than them anyway ... I play WoW, I use alternative operating systems, I'm a CS major, I show up at parties at the time they are supposed to start, and I can get very obsessed with how things should be and when I'm interested in something, I'll really get fixated on it ... I do not think the program is offensive at all. .I actually have a lot to do with it.
0	I didn't realize it was unpopular either. A lot of people say it's because they feel insulted because obviously the show is making fun of nerds...I think if you're mad because it's making fun of nerds then you're either not nerdy enough or you don't realize being the coolest nerd Part of it is that you don't have to care what people think because you're probably better than them anyway...I play WoW, I use alternate OS, I'm a CS major, and I'll show up when they're supposed to start At parties I get really obsessed with how things should be and when I'm interested in something I really focus on it...I don't think the show is insulting at all...I Actually love it.
0	I didn't realize it wasn't popular either. A lot of people say it's because they feel insulted because apparently the show makes fun of nerds...I think if you get mad because it makes fun of nerds, either you're not pretty corny, either you don't. I don't realize the cool part of being a nerd is you don't have to worry about what people think because you're probably better than them anyway... I play WoW, I 'm using alternative operating systems, I'm a CS major, I show up to parties when they're supposed to start, and I can get really obsessed with how things should be and when I'm interested by something, I'm really going to be obsessed with it... I don't think the show is insulting at all... I relate to it a lot.
0	I didn’t even know it wasn’t popular. A lot of people say it's because they feel offended because obviously the show is making fun of nerds ... I think if you're angry that he's making fun of nerds, you're either not nerdy enough or I don't realize the cool part about being a nerd is you don't have to worry about what people think because you're probably better than them anyway ... I play WoW, I use alternative operating systems, I'm a CS major, I show up at parties at a time when they should start, and I can become very obsessive about how things should be be and when I'm interested in something, I'm really going to fixate on it ... 'I don't think the show is offensive at all ... I'm actually very connected to it.
0	I didn't realize it wasn't popular either. Many say it's because the show is making fun of nerds and they feel insulted ... If you're angry at making fun of nerds, you're I don't think I'm geeky enough, I don't think. "The cool part of being a geek is that you probably are better than them anyway, so you don't have to worry about what people think. Is ... I play awesome, I use an alternative operating system, I'm CS Major, I show up at the party when they're supposed to start, and I'm what things are You can really stick to what you should, and when I'm interested in something I'll really stick to it ... I don't think the show is totally insulting ... I Is really deeply involved in it.
0	I didn't know he was a democrat either. A lot of people say that they feel insulted because the show seems to make fun of nerds... I think if you're crazy that nerds make fun of you, or you're not pretty nerdy, or you don't realize how cool it is about being a nerd that people don't care what people think they're probably better than Anyway... I play WoW, I am using alternate operating systems, I'm a CS major, I'm showing up at the starting point, and I can get an obsession with how things need to be. . 't insults the show at all... I refer to it a lot.'
0	I was not aware that it was not popular either. Many people say that it's because they feel offended because the program is obviously making fun of nerds ... I think that if you get angry that it makes fun of nerds, then you are either not nerdy enough or you do not realize that the cool part of being a nerd is that you do not have to worry about what people think because you are probably better than they are anyway ... I play WoW, I use alternative operating systems, I am a CS major, I show up at parties at the time they are going to start, and I can get very preoccupied with how things have to be, and when I'm interested in something, I'll get very fixated on it ... I do not think the program is offensive at all ... I actually relate to it a lot.
0	I didn't realize it wasn't popular either. A lot of people say it's because they feel insulted that the show is apparently making fun of nerds... I think if you get mad because it's making fun of nerds, you're either not nerdy enough or you're not. I don't realize that the good thing about being a nerd is that you don't have to care what people think because you're probably better than them anyway... I play WoW, I use alternate OSes, I'm a CS major, I introduce myself to parties when they're supposed to start, and I can get really obsessed about how things should be and when I'm interested in something, I get really obsessed... No I don't think the show is insulting at all. In fact, I identify with him a lot.
0	I didn’t realize it wasn’t popular either. A lot of people say it's because they feel insulted because it seems the show makes fun of idiots ... I think if you get angry that it makes fun of idiots, you don't have enough intelligence or you don't. t realize that the good part about being a nerd is that you don't have to care what people think because you are probably better than they anyway ... I play WoW, I use alternative operating systems, I am CS. Great, I show up at parties when they need to start, and I can be very thoughtful about how things should be and when I'm interested in something I will be greatly corrected ... I don't do that. 't think the show is insulting at all ... I have a lot to do with it.
0	I also did not see that it was not popular. A lot of people say it's because they see that they are being insulted because it looks like the program is making fun of people ... I think if you are annoyed that it is being made fun of by the hosts, you may not be smart enough or not. I realize that the fun part about being a nerd is that you don't have to care what people think because you're probably better than them anyway ... I play WoW, I use other apps, I'm a great CS, I come from parties when they should start, and I can be very busy with things what they should be and if I am interested in something I will fix it ... I think this program is a total obscenity ... I am very much associated with it.
0	And here I thought I was the only person who despised the Big Bang Theory. Part of it is I do not like humor. The only laugh-out-loud program I ever liked was Seinfeld. Friends ... was nothing compared to Whose Line, even though I loved the opening theme song. I also do not like how the program portrays smart guys as either assholes or social impotent (although it can jump to conclusions). I think I just have a different taste in humor though. I'm a guy who demands neat writing and I feel BBT just rapes my ears with forced old humor.
0	Here, I guess I'm the only one who really despises the Big Bang Theory. Part of the reason is that I don't like humor. The only show I've ever really enjoyed with a laugh is Seinfeld. Friends...while I love the opening theme song, it's nothing compared to Whose Line. I also don't like how the show portrays smart guys as jerks or socially inept (though that might be jumped to conclusions). I guess I just have a different taste for humor. I'm someone who demands fine writing and I feel like BBT is just raping my ears with forced clichéd humor.
0	And then I thought I was the only person who really despised the Big Bang theory. It's partly because I don't like humor. The only show with a laugh track that I ever really liked was Seinfeld. Friends... was nothing compared to Whose Line, although I loved the opening theme song. I also don't like the way the show portrays smart dudes as either being assholes or social impotents (although that may jump to conclusions). I guess I just have different tastes in humor, that's all. I'm a man who demands exquisite writing and I feel like BBT is raping my ears with forced stale humor.
0	And here I thought I was the only person who actually despised the big bang theory. Part of that is that I don’t like humor. The only show with a song of laughter that I ever really liked was Seinfeld. Friends ... there was nothing compared to Whose Line, although I liked the opening song. I also don’t like how smart guys are portrayed on the show either as assholes or as socially impotent (although that may be too quick to draw conclusions). I think I just have a different taste for humor. I’m a man who requires excellent writing and I feel like BBT is just raping my ears with forced stale humor.
0	And here I thought I was the only one who actually despised the Big Bang theory. Part of that is that I don't like humor. The only show with a laugh track that I really liked was Seinfeld. I liked the opening theme song, but Friends ... was nothing compared to anyone else's line. I also don't like the way the show portrays a wise man as a dislike or social helpless (though it may jump to a conclusion). I think it's just a different sense of humor. I'm a man who demands exquisite writing, and BBT feels like he's raping his ears with forced obsolete humor.
0	I was the only one thinking here who really disdained Big Bang Theory. Part of it doesn't like humor. The only monster with a laugh-track I've ever really loved was Seinfeld. My friend... nothing compared to his lines, even though I loved the opening song. I also don't like how the show makes dudes cheat or be gay or incapable of being social (although they can jump to conclusions). I guess I just have a different taste in every liquid. I'm a person who requires meticulous writing, and I feel BBT only rubs my ears with age-collected humor.
0	And here I thought I was the only person who actually despised the Big Bang Theory. Part of it is that I do not like humor. The only show with a laugh track I ever liked was Seinfeld. Friends ... was nothing compared to Whose Line, although I loved the opening theme song. I also do not like how the show portrays smart guys as either assholes or socially impotent (although it may be to draw conclusions). I guess I just have different tastes in humor is everything. I'm a man who demands exquisite writing, and I feel like BBT is just raping my ears with forced, old humor.
0	And here I was thinking that I was the only person who really despised the Big Bang theory. Part of this is that I don't like humor. The only show with a laugh track that I really liked was Seinfeld. Friends...was nothing compared to Whose Line, although I loved the opening theme. I also don't like how the show portrays the smart guys as jerks or social impotents (although that may be jumping to conclusions). I guess I have a different taste in humor, that's all. I am a man who demands exquisite writing and I feel like BBT just violates my ears with forced stale humor.
0	And here I was thinking I was the only person who really despised the Big Bang theory. Part of it is that I don't like humor. The only period with a laugh song that I ever loved was Seinfeld. Friends ... it was nothing compared to Whose Line, although I liked the opening theme song. I also don’t like how the show portrays talented people as incompetent or socially incompetent (though that might be a conclusion). I think I have a different taste in humor is all that. I am a man who claims to be a good writer and I feel like BBT is just raping my ears with forced humor.
0	And here I was thinking that I was the only person who despised the Big Bang Theory. Another is that I don't like jokes. The only comedy show I ever loved was Seinfeld. Friends ... it was nothing compared to Whose Line, although I liked the opening theme song. I also don’t like how the system portrays smart dudes as assholes or powerless in society (although that may come to an end). I think I have a different sense of humor all over. I’m a man who wants to write fun and I feel like BBT just ripped my ears off with old forced jokes.
0	When that amendment was written, the weapons they talked about legally empowered citizens to stand up against governments. Groups of armed citizens could pose a legitimate existential threat to a raw government. This is simply not true right now. If [theoretical situation] the US government was cunning, started to oppress its people, you would hardly be better off with the guns we do allow than with a knife and a few stones to throw - the army's capabilities simply stretched out where handguns can really keep them in check. And you do not infringe on my rights, but the government does it all the time, in ways that I think are justified and good. Look at free speech - yes I have the right to speak unless the words I say harm other people in a concrete way. I can not incite specific violence, I can not speak for the purpose of causing panic, etc. None of this is mentioned in the first amendment - it is the result of reasonable people applying a philosophical and abstract 'right' to a concrete and complex world. Rights are not absolute - in many cases we balance rights and interests, and based on the consequences of different policies we have to decide on the best way to do so. My overarching point is that very few people believe that there should be no regulations on who can own what kind of gun - no one thinks I should be able to keep an atomic bomb and a tank in my backyard. So we're already drawing some arbitrary lines: it's OK, it's not. We have already acknowledged that the law is not absolute. And I do not think there is inherently anything magical about where the line is drawn now - read up on the history of how it originated, all the political infighting etc over many decades and I think you will have to agree. With that in mind, it seems perfectly reasonable to ask the question where that line would ideally be drawn. And I think given the violent tendencies of some of our citizens, it might just be a good thing to make it harder to get to weapons. Something I also need to clarify - a lot of people respond to the above by saying 'oh, but they're crazy, they're still going to try to kill people. I agree with that - I do not think we will actually be able to reduce the number of attacks. But with incidents like Sandy Hook, Columbine, etc., these guys seem to keep killing people at a certain rate until the police show up and either plug them or force them to plug themselves. I think the response rate is probably pretty constant. So if we can reduce the rate at which they can kill people, we will save lives. The school sting in China is a good example of this - yes, the guy did not have a gun and still attacked. But no one is dead. Can you tell me that would be the case if he had an AK instead of a Bowie?
0	When the amendment was drafted, the weapons they were talking about legally empower citizens to stand up against the government. Armed citizen groups could pose a legitimate existential threat to a rogue government. Now that's simply not true. If the [theoretical situation] the US government goes rogue and starts oppressing its people, then using the guns we allow is hardly better than using knives and some stone throwing - the military's capabilities are beyond what they can really handle with guns control them. You are not violating my rights, but the government has been doing it, which I think is reasonable and good. Look at free speech - yes, I have a say, unless what I say causes specific harm to others. I cannot incite specific violence, I cannot speak with the intent to cause panic, etc. These are not mentioned in the First Amendment - it is the result of rational people applying philosophical and abstract "rights" to the concrete and complex world. Rights are not absolute - in many cases we are balancing rights and interests, and the best way to do so must be decided based on the consequences of different policies. My overarching point is that very few people think there should be no rules about who can own what gun - no one thinks I should be able to put a nuke and a tank in my backyard. So we've drawn some random lines: it's okay, it's not. We have acknowledged that rights are not absolute. And I don't think there's anything magical about where the demarcation line is now - reading its history, all the political infighting over the decades, etc., I think you have to agree. With that in mind, it seems perfectly reasonable to ask where the line should ideally be drawn. And I think that, given the violent tendencies of some of our citizens, making access to weapons more difficult can only be a good thing. I should also clarify a few things - a lot of people's response to the above is "oh but they're crazy and they'll still try to kill." I agree with that - I don't think we can actually reduce the number of attacks. But with events like Sandy Hook, Columbine, etc., the men seem to continue to kill at a certain rate until police show up and stop them or force them to stop themselves. I think the response rate is probably fairly stable. So if we can slow down the rate at which they kill, we can save lives. The school stabbing in China is a good example - yes, that guy didn't have a gun and still attacked. But no one died. Can you tell me what it would be like if he had an AK instead of a Bowie?
0	When this amendment was drafted, the weapons they were talking about legitimately empowered citizens to stand up against governments. Groups of armed citizens could pose a legitimate existential threat to a Red government. It's just not true now. If [theoretical situation] the US government went rogue, started oppressing its people, you'd be little better off with the weapons we allow than with a knife and a few stones to throw - the capabilities of the military have just expanded where handheld firearms can really control them. And you're not infringing on my rights, but the government does it all the time, in a way that I think is justified and good. Look at freedom of speech - yes, I have the right to speak, unless the words I speak actually harm other people. I cannot incite specific violence, I cannot speak with the intent to cause panic, etc. None of this is mentioned in the First Amendment - it's the result of reasonable people applying a philosophical, abstract "law" to a concrete, complicated world. Rights are not absolute – in many cases we are balancing rights and interests, and depending on the ramifications of different policies we have to decide how best to do this. My main point is that very few people think there should be any regulations on who can own what kind of weapon - nobody thinks I should be able to keep a nuke and a tank in my backyard. So we're already drawing somewhat arbitrary lines: it's OK, it's not. We have already admitted that the law is not absolute. And I don't think there's inherently anything magical about where the line is being drawn right now - read the story of how it happened, all the political infighting, etc over many decades and I think you will have to agree. With that in mind, it seems entirely reasonable to ask where that line would ideally be drawn. And I think that given the violent inclinations of some of our fellow citizens, making it more difficult to access guns can only be a good thing. Something I should clarify too - a lot of people respond to the above by saying "oh but they're crazy, they'll always try to kill people". I agree with that - I don't think we can actually reduce the number of attacks. But with incidents like Sandy Hook, Columbine, etc., it seems like these guys keep killing people at a certain rate until the cops show up and hook them up or force them to hook up. I think the response rate is probably pretty consistent. So if we can reduce the rate at which they can kill people, we will save lives. The school stabbing in China is a great example of this - yes, the guy didn't have a gun and attacked anyway. But no one died. Can you tell me that would be the case if he had had an AK instead of a Bowie?
0	When that amendment was written, the weapons they talked about legitimately authorized the citizens to stand up against the governments. Groups of armed citizens could pose a legitimate existential threat to the red-haired government. That is simply not true now. If [the theoretical situation] the American government had corrupted, started oppressing its people, you would hardly be better off with the weapons we allow than with knives and throwing stones - military capabilities have simply expanded where handguns can really hold them under control. And don’t violate my rights, but the government does it all the time, in ways I think are justified and good. Look at freedom of speech - yes, I have the right to speak, unless the words I say harm other people in a concrete way. I cannot incite concrete violence, I cannot speak with the intention of causing panic, etc. None of this is mentioned in the First Amendment - it is the result of reasonable people applying philosophical and abstract ‘law’ to a concrete and complicated world. Rights are not absolute - in many cases we balance rights and interests and based on the ramifications of different policies we have to decide which is the best way to do it. My main point is that very few people believe that there should be no rules about who can own what kind of weapon - no one thinks I should be able to keep a nuclear bomb and a tank in my backyard. So, we are already drawing somewhat arbitrary lines: this is fine, this is not. We have already acknowledged that law is not absolute. And I don’t think there’s anything magical about where the line is now drawn - read about the history of how it came about, all the political conflicts, etc. over the decades and I think you’ll have to agree. With that in mind, it seems perfectly reasonable to ask where that line would ideally be drawn. And I think that given the violent tendencies of some of our citizens, making it difficult to obtain weapons can only be a good thing. Something I should also clarify - many people respond to the above by saying 'oh, but they are crazy, they will still try to kill people.' I agree with that - I don't think we will be able to reduce the number of attacks. But with incidents like Sandy Hook, Columbine, etc., these guys seem to continue to kill people at a certain rate until cops show up and either hook them up or force them to join themselves. I think the response rate is probably pretty constant. So if we can reduce the rate at which they can kill people, we will save lives. The school stabbing in China is a great example of this - yes, the guy didn’t have a gun and still attacked. But no one is dead. Can you tell me that would have been the case if he had had AK instead of Bowie?
0	The weapons they were talking about when the amendment was written legally empowered civilians to confront the government. Armed groups of civilians can pose a threat to legitimate existence to fraudulent governments. It's not just true now. [Theoretical Situation] If the US government becomes fraudulent and begins to oppress the people, the guns we allow are not better than throwing knives and some rocks. You can really suppress them. And you don't violate my rights, but the government always does so in the way I think it's legitimate and good. Look at freedom of speech. Yes, I have the right to speak unless the words I say do specific harm to others. You cannot incite certain violence or peep with the intention of causing a panic. None of them are mentioned in the first fix. This is the result of rational people applying philosophical and abstract "rights" to concrete and complex worlds. .. Rights are not absolute. In many cases, we need to balance rights and interests and, based on the impact of various policies, determine the best way to do so. Most importantly, few people believe that there should be no restrictions on who can own what kind of gun. Therefore, you have already drawn some arbitrary lines. This is fine. I have already acknowledged that rights are not absolute. And I don't think there's anything inherently magical about where the lines are drawn now-history of how it became, all the political struggles over decades. Please read, and I think you have to agree. With that in mind, it seems perfectly reasonable to ask where the line is ideally drawn. And given the violent tendencies of some citizens, I think it's good to make it difficult to get weapons. I should also clarify. Many respond to the above by saying, "Oh, but they're crap, they're still trying to kill people." I agree with that-we don't think we can actually reduce the number of attacks. However, in cases such as Sandy Hook and Columbine, these people seem to continue to kill a certain percentage of people until police appear and force them to plug in or force themselves to plug in. I think the response rate is probably fairly constant. So if they can reduce the rate of killing people, we will save lives. School puncture wounds in China are a good example of this. Yes, the man didn't have a gun, but he was still attacking. But no one is dead. Can you tell me that would be the case if he had an AK instead of Bowie?
0	When this amendment was written, the arms, which were speaking legitimately about the power of the citizens, stood against the governments. A group of armed citizens could pose a legitimate threat to the behavior of the regime. Which now is simply true. If the U.S. government is rogue and begins to crush its people, you'd hardly be better off with artillery than with steel and rocks to throw at - military resources simply spread out where guns can handle. can't really control them. And you do not infringe on my rights, but my government all the time, I think that I am justified and good in every way. Look at free speech - it is the right to speak, unless words are harmed by other people in a concrete way. I can't inflame specific violence, I can't intentionally move the alarm None of them is mentioned in the First Amendment - it is the result of rational human rights applying philosophical and abstract to a concrete and complex world. . Rights are not absolute - in many cases we compare rights and interests, and we must decide the best course of action according to the different modes of action. My disagreement point is that very few people think that there are any rules on which one can own a gun type - no one thinks that I can keep a tank in my back. So now we draw somewhat arbitrary lines: this is OK, that is. We have already confessed that the law is not absolute. And I don't think there's anything magical about where the line has been drawn right now - in the history of how it was done, all the politics of war etc for many decades, I think you would agree. In this sense it seems quite reasonable to ask the question on which that line would ideally be drawn. And I think that it had given the violent proclivity of some of our citizens, so that it could be more difficult to bear arms than for good. I'd say something too - a lot of people respond to the above by saying "Oh, but they are nuts, they still try to kill people." I agree with that-I don't think we can actually reduce the number of attacks. But with incidents like Sandy Hook, Columbine, etc., it seems like these guys kill people at a fixed rate, until the cops show up and either plug them or force the plug. I think the response rate is probably pretty consistent. Therefore, if we can reduce it from being able to kill men, we will save life. School stabbing in China is a great example of this - indeed, the guy had a shotgun and was still assaulted. But no one died. Can you tell me what it would be if Bowie had an AK instead?
0	When that change was written, the weapons they were talking about gave the citizens legitimacy to stand up to governments. Groups of armed citizens can pose a legitimate existential threat to a red government. That is simply not true now. If [the theoretical situation] the US government became junk, began to oppress its people, you would hardly be better off with the weapons we allow than with a knife and a few stones to throw - the military's capabilities have simply stretched out where handheld firearms can really hold them in chess. And you are not violating my rights, but the government is doing it all the time, in ways that I think are justified and good. Look at freedom of speech - yes I have the right to express myself, unless the words I say hurt other people in a concrete way. I can not encourage specific violence, I can not talk about the intention to cause panic, etc. None of this is mentioned in the first change - it is a result of sensible people using a philosophical and abstract 'right' to a concrete and complicated world. Rights are not absolute - in many cases we balance rights and interests, and based on the consequences of different guidelines, we must decide the best way to do it. My overall point is that very few people think that there should be no rules for who can own what kind of weapon - no one thinks I should be able to have a nuclear weapon and a tank in my backyard. So we are already drawing some arbitrary lines: this is OK, this is not it. We have already admitted that the court is not absolute. And I do not think there is anything magical about where the line is drawn right now - read the story of how it came to be, all the political conflict, etc. over many decades, and I think you have to agree. With that in mind, it seems perfectly reasonable to ask the question of where that line would ideally have been drawn. And I think given the violent inclinations of some of our citizens, it might just be a good thing to make it harder to get weapons. Something I should clarify as well - many people respond to the above by saying "oh, but they're crazy, they're still going to try to kill people. I agree with that - I do not think we will actually be able to reduce the number of attacks. But with incidents like Sandy Hook, Columbine, etc., it seems like these guys keep killing people at a certain speed until the police show up and either plug them or force them to plug themselves. I think the response rate is probably fairly constant. So if we can reduce the speed at which they can kill people, we will save lives. The school stabbing in China is a good example of this - yes, the guy did not have weapons and attacks still. But no one is dead. Can you tell me that would have been the case if he had had an AK instead of a Bowie?
0	When that amendment was written, the weapons they spoke of legitimately empowered citizens to take on governments. Armed citizen groups could pose a legitimate existential threat to a rogue government. That just isn't true now. If [theoretical situation] the US government went rogue, started oppressing its people, it would be no better off with the weapons we allow than with a knife and a few stones to throw: military capabilities have just spread where portable firearms can really keep them in check. And you don't infringe on my rights, but the government does it all the time, in ways that I think are justified and good. Look at freedom of expression: yes, I have the right to speak, unless the words I say harm other people in a certain way. I cannot incite specific violence, I cannot speak with the intention of causing panic, etc. None of that is mentioned in the first amendment: it is the result of reasonable people applying an abstract, philosophical "law" to a concrete and complicated world. . Rights are not absolute; in many cases we are balancing rights and interests and depending on the ramifications of different policies we have to decide the best way to do it. My general point is that very few people believe there shouldn't be regulations on who can own what kind of gun; Nobody thinks that I should be able to have a nuclear bomb and a tank in my backyard. So now we are drawing somewhat arbitrary lines: this is fine, this is not. We have already admitted that the law is not absolute. And I don't think there's anything inherently magical about where the line is drawn right now - read about the history of how it came to be, all the political infighting, etc. for many decades and I think you will have to agree. With that in mind, it seems entirely reasonable to ask where that line would ideally be drawn. And I think that, given the violent leanings of some of our citizens, making guns more difficult to access can only be a good thing. Something I should also clarify: a lot of people respond to the above saying 'oh, but they're crazy, they're still going to try to kill people'. I agree with that: I don't think we can reduce the number of attacks. But with incidents like Sandy Hook, Columbine, etc., it seems like these guys keep killing people at a certain rate until the police show up and plug them up or force them to cover up themselves. I think the response rate is probably pretty constant. So if we can reduce the rate at which they can kill people, we will save lives. The school stabbing in China is a great example of this: yes, the guy didn't have a gun and he still attacked. But no one is dead. Can you tell me that would be the case if you had an AK instead of a Bowie?
0	When the amendments were drafted, the weapons they were talking about gave the people the ability to stand up against the government. Groups of armed civilians can be a legitimate threat to a corrupt government. That is not true now. If the [theoretical] state of the United States committed hooliganism, began to oppress its people, it would be better to use the guns we allow than to use knives and stones to shoot - military capabilities are widespread where handguns are. they can really stop them. And you do not violate my rights, but the government does it all the time, in ways that I think are fair and good. Look at freedom of expression - yes I have a right to say, unless the words I say are harmful to other people in a consistent way. I can't provoke specific violence, I can't speak with the intention of causing panic, n.k. None of this is mentioned in the first amendment - it is the result of sane people exercising a philosophical and imaginative 'right' to a stable and difficult world. . Justice is not perfect - in most cases we balance rights and interests, and based on the results of various policies we have to decide on the best way to do so. My main argument is that very few people believe that there should be no rules on who can own a gun - no one thinks I can put a nuke and a tank behind my field. So we are already drawing arbitrary lines: this is right, this is not. We have already acknowledged that justice is not perfect. And I don't think there is anything magical about the place where the line is drawn right now - read about the history of how it happened, all the political conflicts etc. for decades and I think you will have to accept. In view of that, it seems quite reasonable to ask where the line would be drawn. And I think that given the violent behavior of some of our citizens, making it difficult to obtain weapons could only be a good thing. Something I have to explain too - most people respond to the above by saying 'oh but they are crazy, they will still try to kill people.' I agree with that - I do not think we will be able to reduce the number of attacks. But in cases like Sandy Hook, Columbine, n.k.a., it seems like these people continue to kill people at a certain rate until the police show up and either arrest them or force them to burn themselves. I think the response rate is probably the same. So if we can reduce the rate at which they can kill people, we will save lives. The stabbing at a school in China is a good example of this - yes, the relative did not have a gun and was still being attacked. But no one was dead. Can you tell me so it would be like he had an AK instead of Bowie?
0	When the amendment was drafted, the arms they referred to gave citizens the legal right to oppose the government. Groups of armed civilians can be a legitimate threat to a violent government. That is not true now. If the [imaginary state] of the US government misbehaved, began to oppress its people, it would be no better for the guns we allow than for the throwing of knives and certain stones — the force of the army suddenly diminishes when handguns are fired. they can keep them strong. And it does not violate my rights, but the government does it all the time, in ways that I think are appropriate and good. Look at free speech - yes I have the right to speak, unless the words I say hurt others in a practical way. I can't inspire some violence, I can't speak for the purpose of causing panic, etc. None of this is mentioned in the first amendment - it is the result of rational people exercising a 'philosophical' right 'in a tangible and complex world. . Rights are not absolute - in many cases we measure rights and interests, and based on a variety of policies we should determine the best way to do so. My main point is that very few people believe that there should be no rules as to who owns a gun - no one thinks I should be able to keep a nuke and tank in my back yard. So we are already drawing indirect lines: this is OK, this is not. We have acknowledged that the right is not complete. And I don't think there is any natural magic about where the line is drawn right now - read the history of how it happened, all the political conflicts etc for decades and I think you will have to admit. With that in mind, it seems logical to ask the question of where that line will be drawn. And I think that in view of the violent conditions of some of our citizens, making it difficult to acquire weapons would only be a good thing. One more thing I have to clarify - most people respond to the above with 'oh but they have peanuts, they will still try to kill people.' I agree with that - I do not think we will actually be able to reduce the number of attacks. But with incidents like Sandy Hook, Columbine, etc., it seems that these guys continue to kill people for a certain amount of time until the police appear and connect them or force them to connect. I think the response rate is almost constant. So if we can reduce the rate at which they can kill people, we will save lives. School stab wounds in china are a good example of this - yes, the boy did not have a gun and is still attacking. But no one is dead. Can you tell me what it would be like if you had an AK instead of Bowie?
0	no thanks and can i ask you something? where are your balls
0	No thanks, can I ask you something? Where is your ball?
0	no thanks and can i ask you something? where are your balls?
0	no thanks and can i ask you something where are your balls
0	No, can I ask you something? Where is your ball?
0	no thanks and can i ask you something? where are the balls?
0	no thanks and can i ask you something? where are your balls?
0	No thanks and can I ask you something? where are your balls?
0	no thank you and can i ask you something? Where are your balls?
0	no thank you and can i ask you something? where are your balls
0	Here's why gun control will not work. First, I love guns. They are fun to shoot. However, if we can get rid of society 100% of guns, I will definitely support it. But therein lies the problem in American society. You will never get CLOSE to achieving a 100% gun ban. I know this is impossible even for the strictest countries, but in the US a total ban will result in many "secret" weapons being possessed. We have been living in a weapons culture since day 1. Fuck - Our CONSTITUTION defines rules on gun ownership. Now, I believe that the original individual rights were pro-gun because of the general lawlessness feared in a post-colonial America, in addition to defending against repeated attacks from Britain. 236 years of firearm ownership means that historically there have been many unregistered firearms in lawful possession, many of which are still working, or can be refurbished to work. If you ban firearms, most of these will exist. "If you ban guns, then only illegals will own them." I only half agree with this; many outlaws simply steal guns from law-abiding citizens - therefore, if you banned guns, they would not get them. HOWEVER, the US has a massive trade balance problem (we import way too much), and as a result, more containers are coming to port than we can scan. Criminals are cunning - they work where there is a need in the market - that need will be illegal firearm imports. You will eliminate any chance that people can defend themselves against a government that decides to eliminate its constitutional restrictions. I know this is probably unlikely, and therefore unimportant, but historically there have been events that could have been prevented with gun ownership by private citizens. Some argue that parts of World War II and similar ethnic cleansing tragedies could have been prevented in this way. Police will simply not intervene. Police are better investigators than anything - they simply do not stop murders and crimes from happening. They gather evidence and arrest after the time. People say our public security officers will protect us, but I do not feel so confident. If we ban firearms, law-abiding citizens will have no chance. The number of weapons that exist illegally will be incredibly high - higher than in any other country that has banned weapons. Unless someone can come up with a better plan to liberate the country from firearms, I'm proposing a plan that would be unpopular among legitimate firearm owners, but that would certainly address the issue. Demand greater responsibility from firearm owners. If someone steals your gun and uses it in a murder, you share the blame even more than is claimed today. I realize this is irrelevant in last week's massacre (the gun owner was killed himself), but it WOULD solve much of the problem. After a few high-profile cases, you can bet that anyone who wants to keep their firearms will invest in a safe of some kind.
0	That's why gun control doesn't work. First of all, I love guns. They are fun to shoot. But if we can get society 100% free of guns, I'd definitely support it. But American society has problems. You will never come close to achieving 100% gun ban. I know it's not possible even for the strictest countries, but in the US a blanket ban would result in a lot of "secret" guns. We've lived in a gun culture since day one. Fuck - our constitution defines the rules for gun ownership. Now, I believe the original individual rights were pro-guns, as there was widespread fear of lawlessness in postcolonial America, in addition to being able to defend against repeated attacks from Britain. 236 years of gun ownership means that there have been many legally owned unregistered guns throughout history, many of which are still operational, or can be used after restoration. If you outlaw guns, most of them will exist. "If you outlaw guns, only outlaws will have them." I only half agree with this; many outlaws just steal guns from law-abiding citizens - so if you ban guns, they won't get them. However, the US has a huge trade balance problem (we import too much), and as a result, the number of containers in ports is beyond our scans. Criminals are cunning - they operate where the market wants them - and need to import firearms illegally. You will remove any chance that people will be able to defend themselves against a government that decides to remove its constitutional restrictions. I know it's probably unlikely and therefore unimportant, but historically there have been incidents that could have been prevented by private gun ownership. Some argue that World War II and similar tragedies of ethnic cleansing could have been avoided this way. The police won't intervene at all. The police are better investigators than anything else - they simply don't stop murders and crimes from happening. They gather evidence and make arrests afterwards. People say our public safety people will protect us, but I'm not that confident. If we ban guns, law-abiding citizens have no chance. The number of guns that exist illegally will be very high - more than any other country that bans guns. Unless someone can come up with a better plan to rid this country of guns, I'm proposing a plan that's unpopular among legal gun owners, but it will definitely fix the problem. Hold gun owners more accountable. If someone stole your gun and used it for murder, you share even more responsibility than is required today. I realize this has nothing to do with last week's massacre (the gun owner himself was murdered), but it would solve a lot of problems. After a few high-profile cases, you can bet that everyone who wants to keep their guns invests in some kind of safe.
0	Here's why gun control won't work. First of all, I like guns. They are fun to shoot. However, if we could rid society 100% of guns, I would definitely be in favor of that. But therein lies the problem in American society. You will never come close to achieving a 100% gun ban. I know it's impossible even for the strictest countries, but in the United States, a complete ban will result in the possession of a large number of "secret" weapons. We have lived in a gun culture since day one. Damn - Our CONSTITUTION sets rules on gun ownership. Now, I believe the original individual rights were pro-guns because of the general anarchy that was feared in a post-colonial America, in addition to being able to defend against repeated attacks from Britain. 236 years of gun ownership means there are historically many legally owned unregistered firearms, many of which are still working or can be reconditioned to work. If you ban guns, most of them will exist. "If you outlaw guns, only outlaws will own them." I only half agree with this; many outlaws simply steal guns from law-abiding citizens - so if you banned guns, they wouldn't get them. HOWEVER, the US has a huge balance of trade problem (we import far too much) and as a result more containers are coming into port than we can scan. Criminals are cunning - they operate where the market needs it - that need will be the illegal import of firearms. You will eliminate any chance that people can defend themselves against a government that decides to eliminate its constitutional limits. I know it's probably unlikely, and therefore irrelevant, but historically there have been events that could have been prevented with private gun ownership. Some argue that parts of World War II and similar tragedies of ethnic cleansing could have been avoided this way. The police simply won't intervene. The police are better investigators than anything - they just don't stop murders and crimes from happening. They collect evidence and arrest after the fact. People say our public safety officers will protect us, but I don't feel so confident. If we ban guns, law-abiding citizens will not stand a chance. The number of firearms existing illegally is said to be staggeringly high – higher than in any other country that bans guns. Unless someone can come up with a better plan to rid the country of guns, I'm coming up with a plan that will be unpopular among legal gun owners, but it will certainly solve the problem. Demand greater accountability from gun owners. If someone steals your gun and uses it in a murder, you share the blame even more than is required today. I realize this is irrelevant in last week's massacre (the owner of the gun was murdered), but it WOULD SOLVE a lot of the problem. After a few high-profile cases, you can bet anyone who wants to keep their guns will invest in a safe of some kind.
0	Here's why gun control won't work. First of all, I love guns. They are fun to shoot. However, if society could get rid of weapons 100%, I would definitely support it. But therein lies the problem in American society. You will never get CLOSE to achieving a 100% gun ban. I know this is impossible even for the strictest countries, but a total ban in the US will result in owning a lot of “secret” weapons. We have lived in a weapons culture since day one. Fuck - Our CONSTITUTION defines the rules on gun ownership. Now, I believe the original individual rights were for weapons because of the general lawlessness they feared in postcolonial America, other than being able to defend themselves against repeated attacks from Britain. 236 years of gun ownership means there have historically been many unregistered legally owned firearms, many of which are still working or can be rebuilt for work. If you ban firearms, most of it will exist. "If you ban guns, then only outlaws will own them." I only half agree with this; many outlaws simply steal weapons from law-abiding citizens - so if you banned weapons, they wouldn't get them. HOWEVER, the U.S. has a huge trade balance problem (we import too much), and as a result, more containers are coming into port than we can scan. Criminals are cunning - they act where there is a need in the market - that need will be the illegal import of firearms. You will eliminate any chance that people can defend themselves against a government that decides to eliminate its constitutional restrictions. I know this is probably unlikely and therefore unimportant, but historically, there have been events that could have been prevented by private citizens who owned weapons. Some argue that parts of World War II and similar tragedies of ethnic cleansing could have been prevented in this way. The police just won't jump in. The police are a better investigator than anything - they simply do not prevent murders and crimes. They gather evidence and arrest him afterwards. People say our public safety officers will protect us, but I don’t feel so confident. If we ban firearms, citizens who respect the law will not stand a chance. The number of weapons that exist illegally would be incredibly large - higher than in any other country that has banned weapons. Unless someone can come up with a better plan to rid the country of firearms, I suggest a plan that will be unpopular among legal firearms owners, but will definitely solve the problem. Demand more responsibility from the owner of the firearm. If someone steals your weapon and uses it in murder, you share the blame even more than is required today. I understand that this is irrelevant in last week’s massacre (the gun owner herself was killed), but IT WOULD have solved much of the problem. After a few high-profile cases, you can bet that anyone who wants to keep their firearms will invest in some kind of safe.
0	This is why gun control doesn't work. First of all, I love guns. They are fun to shoot. But if I could get rid of 100% guns from society, I would definitely support it. But there are problems in American society. Never approach achieving 100% gun control. I know it's impossible even in the toughest countries, but in the United States, a complete ban would result in the possession of many "secret" guns. We have lived in gun culture since day one. Fuck-Our constitution defines rules regarding gun ownership. Now, in addition to being able to protect myself from repeated attacks from Britain, I said that the original individual rights were Progan because of the general lawlessness feared in the post-colonial United States. I believe. Having 236 years of ownership of a gun means that there are many legally owned unregistered firearms in history. Most of these will be present if you outlaw firearms. "If you outlaw guns, only outlaws will own them." I only half agree with this. Many outlaws only steal guns from law-abiding citizens. Therefore, if you ban a gun, you will not be able to get one. However, the United States has a very large trade balance problem (too many imports), resulting in more containers coming to the port than can be scanned. Criminals are cunning and operate where they are needed in the market. The need is for illegal imports of firearms. You rule out the possibility that people can protect themselves against governments that have decided to remove constitutional restrictions. I know this is probably unlikely, and therefore not important, but historically there have been events that could have been prevented by civilian gun ownership. Some argue that the same ethnic cleansing tragedy as part of World War II could have been prevented in this way. The police simply do not intervene. Police are the best investigators-they simply don't stop murders and crimes. They collect evidence and arrest them after the fact. Our public security officials are said to protect us, but I'm not so confident. If we ban firearms, law-abiding citizens will not have a chance. The number of guns that exist illegally is incredibly high, probably more than any other country that has banned guns. Unless someone can come up with a better plan to get rid of the firearms country, I suggest a plan that isn't popular among legitimate firearms owners, but it definitely addresses the issue. It demands great responsibility from the owner of the firearm. If someone steals your gun and uses it for murder, you share even more responsibility than is required today. I understand that this has nothing to do with last week's slaughter (the gun owner was killed himself), but it will solve many problems. After some high-profile incidents, anyone who wants to store firearms is undoubtedly investing in some sort of vault.
0	Here's why gun control won't work. I love guns first. In shooting arrows. But if I could drive out a group of a hundred artillery, I would be assured of assistance. But the problem lies in American society. Never get close to achieving 100% gun prohibition. I know this will be impossible even in the strictest of countries, but in the USA, a whole ban will result in many "secrets" owners of guns. 1. Fuck - Our Constitution defines the rules about gun ownership. Now, I believe, the individual rights were original pro-gun because of the general lawlessness that was dreaded in post-colonial America, in addition to being able to defend against the repeated attacks of Britain. 236 years of gun ownership historically exist for many gun-owners without children, many of whom are still working, or may be conditioned to work. If gun is outlawed, then it will be the most effective. "If you take out guns, then only the outlaws will own it." I agree only half of this; Many outlaws only steal torture from legal citizens - therefore, if you banned torture, they would not obey them. However, in the US the massive traffic problem is massive (we import way too much), and as a result more containers come to the port than we can climb. The criminals are smart - they work when the job is in the market - and will need illegal transportation of a firearm. Maybe you will be able to get rid of people who defend themselves against the government that decides to abolish the limitations of the constitution. I know that this is probably unreasonable, and therefore trivial, but historically, there are events that could have prevented the citizens from dominating private torture. Some argue that parts of WWII and similar ethnic cleansing could have been prevented in this way. The police simply did not enter. The police are better investigators than anything - murders simply, and crimes don't end there. Collect the evidence and post it. Men say that he will preserve our public safety, but I am not so confident. If we condemn a gun, the legal citizens will not face the consequences. The number of guns existing illegally is incredibly high - higher than in any other country that has banned guns. Unless someone can come up with better advice on how to get rid of firearms, the strategy will resolve the unpopular laws among firearm owners, but the problem will be fixed. Require gun owners to take care. If someone steals your gun and uses it in homicide, you share your guilt even more than what's expected of you today. I am aware of this massacre last week (once the gun owner was killed), but wanted to fix a lot of the problem. After a few high profile events, you can guarantee that everyone wants to keep their rifles in a safe place.
0	This is why weapon control will not work. First of all, I love weapons. They are fun to shoot. But if we could rid society 100% of weapons, I would definitely support it. But therein lies the problem in American society. You will never come NEAR to achieve a 100% gun ban. I know it is impossible even for the strictest countries, but in the United States a complete ban will result in many "secret" weapons being owned. We've lived in a gun culture since day 1. Damn - Our BASIS defines rules on gun ownership. Now I think the original individual rights were pro-weapons because of the general lawlessness that was feared in a postcolonial America, in addition to being able to defend itself against repeated attacks from Britain. 236 years of gun ownership means that there are historically many legally owned unregistered firearms, many of which are still working, or can be refurbished to work. If you ban firearms, most of them will exist. "If you ban weapons, only outlaws will own them." I only half agree with this; many outlaws simply steal weapons from law-abiding citizens - therefore, if you banned weapons, they would not get them. BUT, the United States has a massive trade balance problem (we import far too much), and as a result, more containers arrive in port than we can scan. Criminals are cunning - they operate where there is a need in the market - that need will be illegal firearm import. You want to eliminate any chance that people can defend themselves against a government that decides to eliminate its constitutional restrictions. I know this is probably unlikely, and therefore unimportant, but historically there have been incidents that could have been prevented with private gun ownership. Some argue that parts of World War II and similar ethnic cleansing tragedies could have been prevented in this way. The police simply will not go in. The police are better investigators than anything else - they simply do not stop murders and crimes from happening. They collect evidence and arrest afterwards. People say our public security officers want to protect us, but I do not feel so safe. If we ban firearms, law-abiding citizens will not stand a chance. The number of weapons that exist illegally would be incredibly high - higher than in any other country that banned weapons. Unless someone can come up with a better plan to rid the country of firearms, I suggest a plan that will be unpopular with legal firearm owners, but it will definitely solve the problem. Demand greater responsibility from gun owners. If someone steals your weapon and uses it in a murder, you share the blame even more than what is required today. I understand that this is irrelevant in last week's massacre (the gun owner was murdered himself), but it WOULD fix a lot of the problem. After a few high-profile cases, you can bet that everyone who wants to keep their firearms will invest in a safe of some kind.
0	Here's why gun control won't work. First of all, I love weapons. They are fun to shoot. However, if we could rid society of 100% guns, I would definitely support it. But therein lies the problem in American society. You will never come close to achieving 100% gun ban. I know it's impossible even for the strictest countries, but in the US, a total ban will result in many "secret" weapons being owned. We have lived in a gun culture since day 1. Shit: our CONSTITUTION defines the rules on gun ownership. Now, I think the original individual rights were in favor of guns because of the general anarchy that was feared in a post-colonial America, as well as being able to defend against repeated attacks from Britain. 236 years of gun ownership means that there are historically many legally owned unregistered firearms, many of which still work or can be refurbished to work. If you outlaw firearms, then the majority will exist. "If you ban guns, only outlaws will have them." I only half agree with this; many outlaws simply steal guns from law-abiding citizens; so if you banned guns, they wouldn't get them. HOWEVER, the US has a huge balance of trade problem (we import too much) and as a result more containers arrive at port than we can scan. Criminals are cunning, they operate where there is a need in the market, that need will be the illegal importation of firearms. You will eliminate any possibility that the people can defend themselves against a government that decides to remove its constitutional limitations. I know this is probably unlikely and therefore unimportant, but historically there have been events that could have been prevented by private citizen gun ownership. Some argue that parts of World War II and similar tragedies of ethnic cleansing could have been prevented in this way. The police will simply not intervene. The police are better investigators than anything else: they just don't stop murders and crimes from happening. They collect evidence and arrest after the fact. People say that our public safety officers will protect us, but I don't feel so sure. If we ban guns, law-abiding citizens won't stand a chance. The number of guns existing illegally would be unbelievably high, higher than any other country that banned guns. Unless someone can come up with a better plan to rid the country of guns, I'm proposing a plan that will be unpopular with legal gun owners, but will definitely address the problem. Demand greater responsibility from firearms owners. If someone steals your gun and uses it in a murder, you share the blame even more than is required today. I realize this is irrelevant to last week's massacre (the owner of the gun was killed), but it WOULD SOLVE much of the problem. After a few high-profile cases, you can bet everyone who wants to keep their firearms will invest in a safe of some kind.
0	This is why gun control will not work. First of all, I love guns. They are happy to shoot. However, if we could remove the gun from society 100%, I would certainly support it. But there is a problem in American society. YOU WILL NEVER achieve 100% gun ban. I know it is impossible even in the most extreme countries, but in the USA, a total ban will result in more "secret" guns being owned. We have lived in the culture of gun ownership since day 1. Fuck - Our CONSTITUTION defines the law on gun ownership. Now, I believe that the original individual rights were to support the gun because of the general lawlessness that was feared in post-colonial America, as well as to be able to defend itself against repeated attacks from Britain. 236 years of gun ownership means that historically there are many unregistered guns that are legally owned, many of which are still in operation, or can be repaired. If you ban weapons, then many of these will exist. "If you ban guns, then only criminals will own them." I only agree with this half; Most criminals only steal guns from law-abiding citizens - so, if you ban guns, they will not get them. HOWEVER, the United States has a high rate of trade deficit (we import too many products), and as a result, more containers come to the port than we can analyze. Criminals are smart - they work where there is a demand in the market - that need will be the illegal importation of weapons. It will remove any opportunity for the people to defend themselves against a government that decides to eliminate its constitutional shortcomings. I know this is probably not possible, and therefore not necessary, but historically, there have been incidents that could have been prevented by the possession of individual civilian guns. Some argue that parts of WWII and similar disasters of ethnic cleansing could be prevented in this way. The police will not intervene. The police are the best detectives - they do not prevent the killings, and crime does not happen. They gather evidence and get arrested after the facts. People say that our public safety officers will protect us, but I do not feel very confident. If we ban firearms, law-abiding citizens will not get a chance. The number of illegal firearms will be very large - much larger than in any other country that banned guns. Unless anyone can come up with something out of the ordinary, then they have to re-think their position. Request more accountability from gun owners. If someone steals your gun and uses it in murder, you are sharing the blame even more than what is claimed today. I find that this does not make sense in last week's murder (the gunman was killed himself), but it will fix a lot of trouble. After a few high-profile incidents, you can bet that everyone who wants to keep his weapons will invest in some kind of safe.
0	Here's why gun control won't work. First of all, I love guns. It's fun to shoot. However, if we could issue 100% firearms to the public, I would not support you. But there is a problem in American society. You will not come close to achieving a 100% gun ban. I know it is impossible even in the strongest countries, but in the USA, a complete ban will lead to more “secret” guns. We have been living in a shooting culture from day one. Fuck - OUR CONSTITUTION defines the laws regarding gun ownership. Now, I believe that early human rights were pro-gun because of the common lawlessness that was feared in post-colonial America, in addition to being able to defend themselves from repeated attacks from Britain. 236 years of gun ownership means that historically there are many unregistered guns that are legally owned, many of which are still in use, or can be repaired. If you pull out illegal guns, many of them will be there. "If you issue illegal firearms, only those who are illegal will own them." I agree a little with this; many law-abiding citizens simply steal guns from law-abiding citizens - so, if you had banned guns, they would not have found them. HOWEVER, the US has a large balance of trade (we import more), and as a result, more containers come to the port than we can scan. Criminals are cunning - they work where there is a need in the market - that need will be the importation of illegal firearms. It will eliminate any possibility of the people defending themselves against a government that decides to end its constitutional restrictions. I know this is almost impossible, so it is not important, but historically, there have been incidents that could have been prevented by the ownership of firearms by private citizens. Some argue that parts of WWII and similar ethnic cleansing disasters could have been prevented in this way. The police simply did not enter. The police are the best detectives - they do not stop the killings, and crime does not happen. They gather evidence and are imprisoned after the truth. People say that our public safety officials will protect us, but I do not feel very confident. If we close down guns, law-abiding citizens will not put it in jeopardy. The number of illegal firearms can be alarmingly high - more than any other country that has banned firearms. Unless anyone can come up with a better idea of ​​how to eliminate guns in the country, I suggest that the system be unpopular with legitimate gun owners, but it will definitely solve the problem. Seek greater responsibility from gun owners. If someone steals your gun and uses it for murder, you are guilty of more serious wrongdoing than today. I can see that this is not important in last week's massacre (the owner of the gun killed himself), but it will fix a big problem. After a few high-profile cases, you can bet that anyone who wants to keep his or her guns will invest in a safe place of some sort.
1	When I started managing ADCs, I played vayne, because if you've mastered it here, it's more rewarding than any ADC. The only thing to keep in mind is that Vayne is bad at all-in situations when she does not have ult (Pre 6). You can do amazing games with her (1 sec fish in TFs), also she is a "hypercarry" (Means she will wear much better than most wear, due to her absurd damage.) However, Cait is completely the opposite. She's really good early game because of her long distance (650, most distance ADs have 550) so it's easy to snowball early. But I believe she caused the lowest damage match, someone calculated it.
1	When I started playing ADCs, I played vayne because when you get the hang of it, she's more valuable than any ADC. The only thing to keep in mind is that if Vayne doesn't have her ultimate (before level 6), she'll be bad in all situations. You can play great matches with her (1 second stealth action in TFs), and she's a "super carry" (meaning she'll carry better than most carries because of her ridiculous damage.) Cait however Quite the opposite. Her early game is really good as she has a good range (650, most ranged ADs have 550) so it can easily snowball early on. But I believe she has the lowest damage in the late game, someone has calculated it.
1	When I first started playing ADCs, I was playing Vayne, because when you've mastered here, it's more rewarding than any ADC. The only thing you need to keep in mind is that Vayne is bad in all-in situations if she doesn't have an ult (Pre 6). You can make some amazing plays with her (1 sec invis op in TFs), also she's a "hypercarry" (means she'll carry way better than most carries, because of her absurd damage.) Cait is everything though. opposite. She's really good in the early game due to her long range (650, most ranged ADs have 550), so it's easy to snowball early on. However, I think she has the least late game damage, someone calculated that.
1	When I started maintaining ADCs, I played vayne, because when you master here, it’s more rewarding than any ADC. The only thing you need to keep in mind is that Vayne is bad in all-in situations if there is no ult (Pre 6). You can do amazing games with it (1 second invis op in TFs), it's also "hypercarry" (meaning it will wear much better than most wears, due to its absurd damage.) Cait is, however, quite the opposite. She’s really good in the early game because of her long range (650, most long-range ads have 550) so it’s easy to catch snowballs early. As much as I believe it has the least damage in the lategame, someone has calculated it.
1	When I started focusing on ADC, I played in vain. Because when mastered here, she's more rewarding than any ADC. The only thing you should keep in mind is that Vayne is bad in all situations if she doesn't have an ult (Pre6). You can play great with her (1 second invis op in TF), and she's also a "hyper carry" (due to her ridiculous damage, she's much better than most carry Means to carry). She's a long range (650, most long range AD is 550), so she's prone to snowballing early on, so it's a very good early game. But I believe she has the least damage late in the game, someone calculated it.
1	Since we started playing adcs vayne, because when you're mastered here, it pays more than any ADC. It remains to be remembered that Vayne is evil in all things if he has no revenge (Pre 6). You can do amazing games with her (1 sec invisible op in TFs), she is also "hypercarry" (Means carry way better than most carries, due to absurd damage.) Cait does the opposite. Morning is a really good game because of the long distance (650, especially 550 ADs) making it easy to snowball in the morning. However, I believe lategame has the lowest damage, which someone has calculated.
1	When I started using ADCs, I played Vayne, because after mastering here, she's more rewarding than any ADC. The only thing you should keep in mind is that Vayne is bad in all-in situations if she does not have ult (Pre 6). You can make amazing toys with her (1 sec invis up in TFs), also she is a "hypercarry" (Means she will carry much better than most carriers, due to her absurd injuries.) However, Cait is the opposite. She is very good early due to her long range (650, most distance AD ​​has 550) and therefore it is easy to snowball early. But I think she has the lowest injury after the game, someone figured it out.
1	When I first started mastering ADCs, I played Vayne, because when you master here, she's more rewarding than any ADC. The only thing to keep in mind is that Vayne is bad in all-in situations if she doesn't have ult (Pre 6). You can make awesome plays with her (1 second invis op on TF), she's also a "hyper charge" (meaning she'll charge much better than most carries, due to her insane damage). However, Cait is the complete opposite. She's really good early game because of her long range (650, most ranged ADs are 550), so it's easy to snowball early on. I think she has the lowest late game damage though, someone calculated that.
1	When I started taking care of ADCs I played vayne, because when you succeed here, she is better than any ADC. The only thing you have to remember is that Vayne is bad in all cases if she does not have ult (Pre 6). You can do amazing games with him (sec 1 invis op in TFs), also he is "hypercarry" (It means he will carry a better way than carrying more, because of his ridiculous damage.) Cait however is quite the opposite. He’s a good early game because of his long line (650, most ADs have 550) so it’s very easy to hit the snowball early. However I believe he has the slightest damage to the late game, someone calculated that.
1	When I started growing ADC I played vayne, because once you have learned well here, you gain more than any ADC. The only thing you have to remember is that Vayne is bad in every case if he does not have the ult (Pre 6). You can do amazing games with him (1 second on TFs), and he's "hypercarry" (Which means he'll do better than most, because of his senseless damage.) Cait however vice versa. It is a very good pre-game due to its long distance (650, most ADs 550) so it is easy to play in the snow early. However I believe you have a very low damage to the lategame, someone calculated that.
1	You see how darius is on his way like a bull and is followed (!) By his teammates. He comes to you on flash + grab series - I flash You see singing run towards you on his ult - I flash before I'm thrown You see Jax set up his stun and in the series go for his jump (or flash jump) - I flash etc. All of the above when you are out of position and bruiser is followed by teammates. If he is not followed, just crush him because HE is the one out of position and your teammates are closer. Also, do not assume that this is the only truth - it's my style, mostly because I do not escape, like ashe or kog
1	You'll see darius head in his direction like a bull, followed by his teammates(!). he's flashing + grab range - i flash you see singed running towards you on his ult - i flash before i get dumped you see jax set his stun and get into his jump (or flash jump) Scope - i flash etc. All of these are bruises being followed by teammates when you're not in position. If he's not being followed, smash him because he's an out of position guy and your teammates are closer. Also don't take it as the only truth - that's my style, mostly because I don't have escape ADCs like ashe or kog mainly
1	You see darius coming towards you like a bull and he is followed (!) by his teammates. He approaches you in flash + grab range - I flash You see Singe running towards you on his ultimate - I flash before I get thrown You see Jax set up his stun and get in range for his jump (or jump flash) - I flash etc. All of the above when you're out of position and the killer is being followed by teammates. If he's not followed, just run over him, because he's the one out of position and your teammates are closer. Don't take that as the only truth either - that's my style, mostly because I don't escape it like ashe or kog
1	You see, Darius went his own way like a bull, followed (!) By his teammates. It comes to you within range of flash + grab - flash You see the freckle running towards you on its ulta - flash before it throws me. You see Jax set up a stun and go into range for his jump (or flash jump) - I flash etc. All of the above when you’re out of position and the bruiser is followed by teammates. If you don’t follow him just crush him because HE is out of position and your teammates are closer. Also don't take this as the only truth - it's my style, mostly because I don't want to escape the adc as an ash or someone
1	You see Darius going your way like a bull, and his teammates follow (!). He's approaching you with a flash + grab range-I flash you see a song running towards you in his alto-I flash flash etc. before I'm thrown. All of the above if you lose your position and Bruiser is followed by your teammates. If he isn't being followed, crush him. Because he is out of position and his teammates are nearby. Also, don't take this as the only truth-it's my style, mainly because I don't focus on escape adcs like ash and cogs.
1	You see Darius heading your way like a bull and following along with his companions. He gets to you in a flash + darts - 1 flash You see the scorter running to you at its extremities - In front of me flash a rock You see jax up up stun and going into range for his jump (or jump flash) - I'm all over this when you're outside the guard and beaten, he follows his teammates. If he isn't following her just crush him, because he's the only one out of the situation and your teammates are closer. yes i know this as its unique truth - thats my style, mainly because nothing scares me like ash or kog
1	You see darius on his way like an ox and are followed (!) By his teammates. He comes to you on flash + grip range - I blink You see singed run towards you on his ult - I blink before I get thrown You see jax set up his stun and go into range for his jump (or flash jump) - I blink etc. All of these above when you are out of position and blowing are followed by teammates. If he is not followed, it is only to crush him, because HE is the one who is out of position and your teammates are closer. Do not take this as the only truth - it's my style, mostly because I do not get away from adc as ashe or kog
1	You see Darius charging towards you like a bull and he is followed (!) by his teammates. He's coming at you in flash + grapple range - I flash See scorched running at you on his ult - I flash before they throw me See jax setting up his stun and getting in range for his jump (or flash jump) - I flash etc. All this up when you're out of position and your teammates are following you. If you don't follow him, just smash him, because HE is the one out of position and your teammates are closer. Also, don't take this as the only truth: that's my style, mainly because I can't escape adc like ashe or kog.
1	You see Dario walking your way like a bull and being followed (!) By his teammates. He comes to you on the flash + grab range - I flash You see singed running towards you on its last - I flash before I get flinged You see jax set up his stun and go in range for his jump (or flash jump) - I flash n.k. All of the above when you are out of the post with a bruiser is followed by colleagues. If he is not just a fan, because HE is out of place and your colleagues are closer. Also do not assume that this is the only truth - that is my style, especially because I do not escape adc like ashe or kog.
1	You see the darius walking your way like a bull and you are followed by (!) Colleagues. He comes to you with a flash + grab range - I light up You see a song running towards you with its ult - I light up before I move You see a jax stopping something amazing and jumping into space to jump (or flash jump) - flash etc. All of the above if you are not in the area and the bruiser is followed by colleagues. If he is not followed then just crush him, because HE is the one who is not in the position and your colleagues are close. And don’t take this for granted - that’s my style, especially since I don’t have an escape adc like ashe or kog
1	First you should have run clean because they ran some strong cc. You can not afford to be initiated by snarling mockery and discouraged by the harm reduction or by being stunned by sona or feared by nocturne. Your net, your trap and your range should be enough to keep the divers at a distance. In these cases, it becomes even more difficult for champions like those to place a trap in front of you and to micros it, because they will get caught (even if he gets caught at night). Choose your targets wisely to take precautions first about what coolers the enemy team has on their skills. You knew Nocturne had edge ruins, so do not even try to get close to him or focus on him, as this will deprive your AS. Shen on the other hand can be "ignored" after teasing. You can probably take a few strokes from him and still be at about 55-65% at the end of a small skirmish. The biggest problem would be when both of them initiate on you. They become kind of an unbearable duo flying through the air that can take you down with ease. The only way to avoid focus is to not grow aggro or have an escape plan. You need to stay far away when team fights start, so you are less prioritized over your teammates. It makes them focus on them and not you and gives you free shots on them or maybe the others carry. If they initiate on you anyway, you need to have an escape plan up your sleeve. Just over a wall or flash, go into a forest to lose sight, place some traps, etc ... Edit:
1	First, you should run cleanse because they run some powerful cc. You can't afford to be activated by God's taunt, debuffed by damage reduction, stunned by Sona, or terrified by Nocturne. Your net, your trap, and your range should be enough to keep the diver away. In these cases, placing a trap in front of you and flicking around it will make it harder for heroes like those champions to keep attacking you because they'll be trapped (even if he's trapped noct ults). Start by choosing your targets wisely, paying attention to the enemy team's ability cooldowns. You know Nocturne has Randuin, so you shouldn't even try to get close to him or focus as that will cause you to get the AS debuff. On the other hand, Shen can be "ignored" after his taunting. You might get a few hits from him, but it's still around 55-65% by the end of the skirmish. The main problem is when both of them attack you. They turn into an unkillable duo that fly through the air and can knock you down with ease. The only way to avoid concentrating is not to increase hatred or make an escape plan. When teamfights start, you need to keep your distance so that you don't deprioritize your teammates. This lets them focus on them instead of you, and lets you shoot them or other carriers for free. If they do attack you, you need to have an escape plan. Net over walls or flashes, into bushes to relax sight, place some traps etc... EDIT:
1	First you should have run the cleanup as they were running strong cc's. You can't afford to be initiated by shens taunt and debuffed by damage reduction or stunned by sona or feared by nocturne. Your net, trap, and reach should be enough to keep divers at bay. In these cases, placing a trap in front of you and getting around it makes it even harder for champions like these to attack you as they will be trapped (even if they get caught). Choose your targets wisely at the start taking precautions on the enemy team's cooldowns on their skills. You knew Nocturne had randuins, so you shouldn't even try to get close to him or focus on him, because that would lead to you losing AS. Shen, on the other hand, can be "ignored" after he's mocked. You can probably take a few hits from him and still be 55-65% at the end of a small skirmish. The main issue would be when the two get introduced to you. They become a sort of invincible duo flying through the air that could easily knock you down. The only way to avoid focusing is to not get aggressive or have an escape plan. You need to stay away when team fights start so that you become less of a priority compared to your teammates. This allows them to focus on them and not you and gives you free hits on them or maybe the other door. If they attack you anyway, you must have an escape plan up your sleeve. Net over a wall or flash, get into a bush to lose sight of, place traps etc... Edit:
1	First of all, you should have run the cleanses because they were doing some strong cc. You cannot afford to be initiated by shens ridicule and to be reduced by harm reduction or you are stunned by sleep or you are afraid of nocturne. Your net, your trap and your range should be enough to keep divers away. In these cases, placing a trap in front of you and micro-finding around it makes it difficult for champions like these to attack you because they will be caught in a trap (even if he gets caught in a trap). Choose your targets wisely in the beginning by taking precautions about what cooling times the enemy team has on their skill set. You knew the Nocturne has randuines so you shouldn’t even try to get close to it or focus on it as this would lead you to debuff the AS. Shen, on the other hand, can be “ignored” after being ridiculed. You can probably take a few hits from him and still be at around 55-65% at the end of a small skirmish. The main problem would be if you both run. They become a kind of intrepid duo flying through the air that could easily knock you down. The only way to avoid focusing is not to become aggressive or have an escape plan. You have to stay away when team fights start to become less of a priority over your teammates. This makes them focus on them and not on you and gives you free shots on them or maybe others wear. If they go after you after all, you need to have an escape plan up your sleeve. Grid over the wall or flash, enter the bush to lose sight, set traps, etc ... Edit:
1	First of all, they were running some powerful cc, so they had to perform cleansing. Started by Shen's taunts, you can't afford to be debuffed by reduced damage, stunned by Sona, or afraid of nocturnality. Your net, your trap, and your range must be sufficient to keep divers away. In these cases, if you put a trap in front of you and move it micro-moving around it, they will be cursed, making it even harder for champions like them to chase you (even if he was trapped). Even if). Initially, take precautions on what cooldowns your enemy team will have against your skill set and choose your target wisely. You shouldn't even try to approach or even focus on him, as you knew that Nocturne had a Randuin, which would lead to debuffing the AS. Shen, on the other hand, can be "ignored" after provoking. You can probably get a few hits from him and still be like 55-65% at the end of a small skirmish. The main problem is when both start you. They become a kind of indelible duo flying in the air and can easily defeat you. The only way to avoid concentration is to not grow aggro or plan an escape. You need to stay far away when the team fight begins so that it has a lower priority than your teammates. This allows them to focus on them, not you, and give them and other carry free shots. If they start you anyway, you need to make an escape plan on your sleeve. Cover walls and flashes with a net, get into bushes and lose visibility, put traps ... Edit:
1	First of all you need to clean up, because some of the heroes were running 200 You can't be initiated by shens abuse and weakened by loss reduction or panic stricken or dreaded nighttime. Let your nets, traps, and your guard be sufficient to guard the different bays. In these cases, placing a trap in front of you and being surrounded by it makes it more difficult for defenders to approach you because they are trapped (even if last night there was a trap). Choose your targets wisely first, guaranteeing an enemy team around which it cools your skills. You knew you had randuinos during the night, so don't even try to approach him or focus on him because he'll lead you to the corpse. Sen, on the other hand, can be "ignored" after he taunts him. You can probably get a two-hit from him, and you still have to be like 55-65% at the end of small skirmishes. The main question would be when both of you initiate. They become like two uninformed flying through the air that weigh you down easily. The only way to avoid getting focus is to avoid aggro increases or an escape plan. You need to stay far away when you initiate teamfights in order to become less prioritized over your teammates. This makes them live and not you, and gives you shots without them, or perhaps carries another. If you start over yourself anyways you need to have an escape plan up your sleeve. Net on the wall or flash, go into the bush to see, undo, set traps etc... Edit:
1	First of all you should have run cleanse because they ran some strong cc. You can not afford to be initiated by scorn and be swept away by the harm reduction or be paralyzed by the zone or feared by the night. Your net, trap and range should be enough to keep divers in check. In these cases, placing a trap in front of you and the micro around it will make it even harder for masters like them to walk on you because they will be caught (even if night owls are caught). Choose your goals carefully by first taking precautions about which cooldowns the enemy team has on their skill set. You knew that Nocturne had randuins, so you should not even try to get close to him or focus on him because it would cause you to be AS deflected. Shen, on the other hand, can be "ignored" after mocking. You can probably take a couple of hits from him and still be at 55-65% at the end of a small hit. The main problem will be when both start on you. They become a kind of immortal duo flying through the air that can take you down with ease. The only way to avoid being focused is to not grow aggro or have an escape plan. You have to stay far when the team matches start, so that you are less prioritized over your teammates. This allows them to focus on them and not you and gives you free shots at them or maybe the other bearer. If they initiate on you anyway, you need to have an escape plan up your sleeve. Net over a wall or flash, go into a bush to lose sight, place some traps etc ... Edit:
1	I should have done a cleanup in the first place because they were running some heavy cc's. You can't afford to be started by shens taunt and be nerfed by damage reduction or stunned by sona or feared by nocturne. Your net, trap, and reach should be enough to keep divers at bay. In these cases, setting up a trap in front of you and microing around it makes it even harder for champions like those to attack you because they'll get caught (even if it's not an ultimate, they'll get caught). Choose your targets wisely early on by being careful about what cooldowns the enemy team has on their skill set. You knew Nocturne had randuins, so you shouldn't even try to get close to him or focus on him because it would lead to an AS debuff. Shen, on the other hand, can be "ignored" after he taunts her. You can probably take a couple of hits from him and still be at 55-65% at the end of a small skirmish. The main problem would be when both start you. They become some sort of unkillable duo that fly through the air and could easily take you down. The only way to avoid concentrating is to not get aggressive or have an escape plan. You should stay away when team fights start so that you have less priority over your teammates. This causes them to focus on them and not on you and gives you free kicks towards them or perhaps towards the others. If you get started anyway, you should have an escape plan up your sleeve. Put a net on a wall or a flash, go to a bush to lose sight, set some traps, etc. Edit:
1	First you had to run clean because they were running a strong cc. You can’t afford to be initiated by savage jokes and confused by the reduction of damage or to be surprised by the sona or to be feared by the night. Your net, your trap and your variety should be enough to keep divers at bay. In these situations placing a trap in front of you and swinging it makes it even harder for champions like those who keep you going because they will get caught (even if they get caught). Choose your goals wisely at the outset taking care of the problems that the enemy team has in their skills. You knew that Nocturne had randuins so you should not even try to approach him or stress him out because it would lead you to get AS debuffed. Shen on the other hand can be “overlooked” after being ridiculed. Maybe you can take a few hits from him and still be like 55-65% at the end of a small dispute. The biggest problem will be when they both start with you. They become the kind of two-person people flying across the sky that can easily land you. The only way to avoid focusing is to not have an escape plan. You just have to be more discriminating with the help you render toward other people. This makes them focus on them and not on you and gives you free pictures for them or maybe some carry. If they are going to start you off though, you need to have an escape plan in your hand. Net on the wall or slope, go to the bush so you can't see well, set traps etc ... Edit:
1	First you had to run clean because they were running o strong cc. You will not be able to initiate shens ridicule and be wary of minimizing damage or being surprised by sona or scared at night. Your net, your trap, and your scope should be large enough to keep divers away. In these cases placing the trap in front of you and wandering around makes it even harder for champions like these to keep up with you because they will be caught in the trap (even if they are not caught in the trap). Choose your target wisely first by taking safety precautions about what the enemy team has cool elements in their skills plan. You knew that Nocturne had randuin so you should not try to approach him or concentrate on him as it will lead to AS being released. Shen on the other hand can be "ignored" after being teased. You can probably take a few hits from him and still be 55-65% at the end of a small argument. The biggest problem would be if they both start with you. Be the kind of inanimate duo flying in the air that can easily bring you down. The only way to avoid focusing too much on not growing aggro or having an escape plan. You need to stay away from gangs when you are fighting so that you do not put your interests ahead of your peers. This makes them focus on themselves and not on you and gives you free shots for them or maybe someone else to carry. If they start with you however you need to have an escape plan in your sleeve. Net over a wall or flash, get into a tree so you can't see well, set traps etc ... Edit:
1	I'm middle, but since I'm at school, I will respond to your questions in this thread and I can not go to my client. (IGN: Pho Oh Three) My s2 Elo Range (2.2k-2.8k) played along with all sorts of high elo top-level people. My S3 Elo (2k +) Generally in the lower level Elo series, Eve can pedal very well, because in the lower level lanes do not use pink wards to stop Eve ganks and will not have the game knowledge as much as higher elo- level players. In Higher elo, teams will use pink wards to counter your early ganks and place level 6 ganks. And also in higher elo, are most forbidden hero atm: Eve, Nunu, LeeSin, Katarina, Twisted Fate, Khaizx, Amumu, Pantheon, Shaco. So as you get higher, you will have less chances to play Eve, so start learning more OP heroes. There are many OP heroes and you can not ban them all.
1	I'm mostly mid-term, but since I'm in school and I'll answer your questions in this thread, I can't continue my clients. (IGN: Pho Oh Three) My s2 Elo Range (2.2k-2.8k) played with various high elo tops. My S3 Elo (2k+) is usually in the low level Elo range and Eve can trample well because at low level lanes don't use pink guards to stop Eve ganks and don't have as much as higher level players have game knowledge. In higher level elos, teams will use pink guards against your early ganks and level 6 ganks. And in higher level elo, the most banned heroes are: Eve, Nunu, LeeSin, Katarina, Twisted Fate, Khaizx, Amumu, Pantheon, Shaco. So as you get taller, you get less and less chance to play Eve, so start learning more OP heroes. There are so many OP heroes, you can't ban them all.
1	I'm a principal but since I'm in school I'll answer your questions in this thread and I can't go on about my client. (IGN: Pho Oh Three) My Elo s2 range (2.2k-2.8k) has played with all sorts of high profile people. My S3 Elo (2k+) Usually in the lower tier Elo range Eve can stomp very well because in the lower tier the lanes don't use pink pads to stop Eve's ganks and wouldn't have as much knowledge about the game than higher elo players. In Higher elo teams will use pink beacons to counter your first ganks and post level 6 ganks. And also in higher elo most banished heroes are: Eve, Nunu, LeeSin, Katarina, Twisted Fate, Khaizx, Amumu , Pantheon, Shaco. So as you level up you will be less likely to play Eve so start learning more OP heroes. There are a lot of OP heroes and you can't ban them all.
1	I’m in charge, but since I’m in school, I’m going to answer your questions on this topic and I can’t talk about my client. (IGN: Pho Oh Three) My s2 Elo Range (2.2k-2.8k) was played with all kinds of people with a high elo top person. My S3 Elo (2k +) Generally in the lower Elo range, Eve can tread very well because at lower levels, the tracks don't use pink wards to stop Eve's porches and wouldn't have as much knowledge about the game as higher elo level players. In Higher El, teams will use pink wards to counter your early porches even after level 6. And also in the higher el, the most forbidden heroes of atm are: Eve, Nunu, LeeSin, Katarina, Twisted Fate, Khaizx, Amumu, Pantheon, Shaco. So as you progress, you will have less chance of playing Eve so start learning more OP heroes. There are a lot of OP heroes and you can't ban them all.
1	I'm half-baked, but I'm in school, so I'll answer your question in this thread, and I can't go to my client. (IGN: Pho Oh Three) My s2 Elo Range (2.2k-2.8k) played with all sorts of high erotic top tier people. My S3Elo (2k +) In general, in the lower Tier Elo range, Eve can step very well. In the lower tiers, Lane doesn't use the pink ward to stop Eve gunk and isn't as knowledgeable about the game as the players in the upper Elo tiers. In Higher elo, the team uses pink wards to counter early gunks and post level 6 gunks. Also, at higher elo, the most forbidden heroes atm are Eve, Nunu, LeeSin, Katalina, Twisted Fate, Khaizx, Amumu, Pantheon and Shaco. Therefore, the higher you get, the less chance you have to play Eve, so start learning more OP heroes. There are many OP heroes, and not all can be banned.
1	I'm a middle class principal, but since I'm in school, I'll answer your questions on this thread and I can't go back to my client. (IGN: Pho Oh Three) My s2 Elo Range (2.2k-2.8k) played from all kinds of high elo high level people. My S3 Elo (2k+) Usually in the lower tier Elo range, Eva dashes really well because in the lower tier, lanes don't use pink guard to stop Eva ganks and not the game's knowledge as much as higher elo tier players. On the upper elo, we need to use rose-pairs for your first lamb and 6 level rafter frames. And even in the above code, the heroes are mostly banned: Eva, Nunu, LeeSin, Katarina, Twisted Fate, Khaizx, Amumu, Pantheon, Shaco. As you climb higher, you'll get less chances to play Eve, so you're beginning to learn more about OP's heroes. There are alot of OP heroes, and you can't ban them all.
1	I'm in the middle, but since I'm in school, I will answer your questions in this thread, and I can not go on my client. (IGN: Pho Oh Three) My s2 Elo Range (2.2k-2.8k) played with all kinds of tall elo top team people. My S3 Elo (2k +) Generally in the Elo area at the lower level, Eve can pedal very well because in the lower level does not use lanes pink departments to stop Eve ganks and would not have the game knowledge as much as players at the higher level. In Higher elo, teams will use pink sections to counteract your early ganks and post level 6 ganks. And also in higher elo are most forbidden heroes atm: Eve, Nunu, LeeSin, Katarina, Twisted Fate, Khaizx, Amumu, Pantheon, Shaco. So as you get higher, you'll have less chance of playing Eve, so start learning more OP heroes. There are many OP heroes and you can not ban them all.
1	I'm halfway through, but since I'm in school, I'll answer your questions in this thread and I can't continue with my client. (IGN: Pho Oh Three) My s2 Elo Range (2.2k-2.8k) played with all kinds of high elo people. My S3 Elo(2k+) Generally in the lower level Elo range, Eve can stomp very well because at the lower level, lanes don't use pink wards to stop Eve and she wouldn't have the game knowledge as much as lower level players. higher rating. At Higher elo, teams will use pink wards to counter your initial ganks and post ganks at level 6. And also at higher elo, the most banned heroes are: Eve, Nunu, LeeSin, Katarina, Twisted Fate, Khaizx, Amumu, Pantheon, Shaco. So as you get older, you will have fewer chances to play Eve, so she starts learning more OP heroes. There are many OP heroes and you can't ban them all.
1	I main mid but since I am in school, I will answer your questions on this thread and I will not continue my client. (IGN: Pho Oh Three) My s2 Elo Range (2.2k-2.8k) played with all sorts of elite high class people. S3 My Elo (2k +) Generally in the lower level Elo ranks, Eve can tread very well because at the lower level, the alleys do not use rose wards to stop Eve and she would not have the game knowledge as the highest level players . In the Upper eloquence, teams will use the rose wards to deal with your earlier gangs and occupy 6th place. Amumu, Pantheon, Shaco. So as you get older, you will get fewer chances to play Eve so start learning more OP heroes. There are so many OP heroes and you can't ban them all.
1	I am in the middle but as I am in school, I will answer your questions in this field and I cannot continue with my client. (IGN: Pho Oh Three) My s2 Elo Range (2.2k-2.8k) has played with all sorts of high-level people. My S3 Elo (2k +) Usually at the lower level of Elo level, Eve can tread very well because in the lower level, the lines do not use pink wards to stop Eve from jumping and she would not have the game experience as high level players. In High Elo, the teams will use the pink wards to fight your former criminals and send level 6 gangs. Twisted Fate, Khaizx, Amumu, Pantheon, Shaco. So as you go up, you will get less chances to play Eva so start learning more OP heroes. There are so many OP heroes and you can't stop them all.
1	I do not think this is a very good proposal. Not to sound like I'm per se one of those “exclusive” bullshit, but I paid real money for skins I like and want to brag about. -If Lee Sin is free, I want to play him. In champ select everyone and their mom thinks "oh god its free week lee ready to kick away from team". Then the loading screen appears with the Dragon Fist splash art. While that may not mean I'm a pro at the champion I play, it does mean for someone to own an expensive champion AND a skin that they are at least a little seasoned with that champion. -This is not always the case, but skins = skill to some extent. I invested 1820 RP in Brolaf, but only after playing him for a very long time. If anyone has a skin, then they logically plan to play that champion for a long time / have they already played. -I know we all know that person who immediately buys a champion and skin with them, or the people who are new to a champion and have a skin that was for sale, but the vast majority of people who own skins have an idea of ​​what they're doing with that champion. Making skins free for weekend champions will cause unnecessary confusion while also reducing sales. Why do I have to convince a random person that I own Lee Sin and X from his skins just because Lee is free? What if I suck at Galio but I use Gatekeeper and I miss an ult "GG this freeweek skin but 0 skill" or "this noob says he has galio legen. Skin look he miss fkin ult". -One of the reasons why I personally believe that riot does not implement a direct skin viewer tool is because the image that the skin splatter has, as opposed to the in-game model. I would never have bought Muay Thai Lee while I knew what the animations were, but the skin came out, I happened to be a Lee chief, and I wanted to own all his skins (and the splash looks really good).
1	I don't think this is a good suggestion. It doesn't sound like I'm one of those "exclusive" assholes per se, but I pay real money for skins I love and want to show off. - If Lee Sin is free, I would like to play him. In the championship selection, everyone and their mothers were thinking "oh god, it's Liberty Week Lee ready to leave the team". Then the loading screen pops up with the Dragon Fist initial art. While that probably doesn't mean I'm a pro for the title I'm playing, for some people, having an expensive title and a skin means they at least have some experience with that title. - This is not always true, but skins=skill to SOME EXTENT . I've put 1820 RP into Brolaf, but only after playing him for a long time. If someone has a skin, then logically they plan to play that hero for a long time/have played them. -I know we all know people who buy heroes and skins right away, or people who are new to heroes and have skins that are on sale, but most people who have skins know what they did with that champion. Giving free skins to free week champions creates unnecessary confusion, while also reducing sales. Why do I have to convince a random person that I own Li Qing and his skin X just because Li is free? If I'm bad at Galio but I'm using Gatekeeper and I miss a ult "GG this free week skin but 0 skill" or "This rookie says he has galio legend. Skin looks like he missed the fkin ult". - I personally think one of the reasons riot doesn't implement a direct skin viewer tool is that the skin splash image is the opposite of the in-game model. I would never buy Muay Thai Lee knowing what animation is, but the skins came out, I happen to be Lee's main and I'd like to have all his skins (plus the splashes look really good).
1	I don't think that's a very good suggestion. I don't want to come across as one of those "exclusive" jerks per se, but I've paid real money for skins that I love and want to show off. -If Lee Sin is free, I want to play him. In champion select, everyone and their moms are thinking "oh my god, it's a free week, get ready to quit the team." Then the loading screen appears with the Dragon Fist splash art. While that doesn't mean I'm a pro of the champion I'm playing, the fact that someone owns an expensive champion AND a skin means they're at least somewhat seasoned with that champion. -Not always true, but skins=skill to SOME EXTENT. I invested 1820 RP in Brolaf, but only after playing it for a very long time. If someone has a skin, then logically they plan to play this champion for a long time / they have already played it. -I know we all know that person who buys a champion and skin with it right away, or people who find out about a champion and have a skin that was on sale, but the general majority of people who own skins have an idea of ​​what they are doing with this champion. Making free week champion skins would cause unnecessary confusion while decreasing sales. Why should I convince a random person that I own Lee Sin and X of his skins just because Lee is free? What if I suck at Galio but use Gatekeeper and I'm missing an ult "GG this freeweek skin but 0 skill" or "this noob says he has galio legen. skin look he missing fkin ult". -One of the reasons I personally think Riot doesn't implement a direct skin splatter tool is that the skin splatter image is opposite to the in-game model. I would never have bought Muay Thai Lee knowing what the animations were, but the skin came out, I happen to be a Lee main, and wanted to own all of his skins (plus the splash looks really good).
1	I don't think this is a very good suggestion. Not to sound like I’m one of those “exclusive” assholes by myself, but I paid real money for skins I like and want to show off. - If Lee Son is free, I want to play him. The champ chooses everyone and their mother thinks “oh god, his free week, lee is getting ready to be kicked out of the team”. Then the download screen appears with a picture of the Dragon Fist splash. While that may not mean I’m a professional in the champion I play, that someone owns an expensive champion and skin means at least a little spiced up with that champion. -This is not always valid, but skins = skill to SOME MEASURES. I invested 1820 RP in Brolaf, but only after playing it for an extremely long time. If someone has skin, then he logically plans to play that champion for a long time / has already played them. -I know we all know the person who buys a champion and takes it off right away, or people who are new to the champion and have skin that was on sale, but generally most people who own skins have an idea of ​​what they are doing with that champion. Enabling free skins for freeweek champions would cause unnecessary confusion while reducing sales. Why would I have to convince a random person that I own Lee Son and X of his skins just because Lee is free? What if I shit with Galio, but I use Gatekeeper and miss the ult "GG this freeweek skin but 0 skill" or "this noob says he has galio legen. Skin look that he missed fkin ult." -One of the reasons I personally believe that riot doesn't implement a direct skin review tool is that it has a skin splash image unlike the in-game models. I would never have bought Muay Thai Lee until I knew what the animations were like, but the skin came out, I happen to be Lee’s boss and I wanted to own all of his skins (plus the spray looks really good).
1	I don't think this is a very good suggestion. I don't sound like one of the "exclusive" dislikes in itself, but I paid the real money for the skins I like and want to show off. -If Lee Shin is free, I want to play him. In the champion selection, everyone and their mother think, "Oh, Lee in that free week is preparing to kick from the team." Next, the loading screen will pop up showing the Dragon Fist splash art. It may not mean that I'm a professional champion I'm playing, but for those who own expensive champions and skins, it does mean that they're at least a little used to that champion. -This is not always the case, but skins = skill to SOMEE ​​XTENT. I invested 1820RP in Brolaf, but only after playing him for a very long time. If someone has a skin, logically they are planning / already playing that champion for a long time. -Everyone knows who buys a champion and buys the skin right away, or who is unfamiliar with the champion and sells skins, but the majority of people who own a skin say they are the champion. What are you doing? Free skins for Free Week Champions creates unnecessary confusion and reduces sales. Why do I need to convince a random person that I own Lee Singh and his skin X just because Lee is free? Smoke Galio, but using a gatekeeper, "This Free Week skin is GG, but the skill is 0" or "This beginner says he has a Galio Legend. The skin missed fkinult. What if I miss "looks like"? -One of the reasons I personally believe that riots don't implement skin viewer tools directly is because of the skin splash images as opposed to the in-game model. You wouldn't have bought Muay Thai while you knew what the animation was, but the skin came out and happened to be Lee's main and wanted to own all his skins (and splash). Looks really good).
1	I don't think this plan is very good. I don't like to sound like one of those "exclusive" assholes per se, but I like and want real money for the skins that I show them. -If it's Lee Sin, I want to play it. Everyone chooses the champto and his mother thinks "oh god lee are preparing to kick off their free week out of the team". Then load the screen pops up with the skill of Dragon Fist splash. While it might not mean that I'm playing as a champion, it means that someone has a beloved champion and a bottle, I order at least a little seasoned. - This is not always true , but bottles = LONG experience . I placed the 1820 RP in Brolaf, but only after playing it for quite a long time. If anyone has a skin, then they deal logically with the game that he has played for a long time as a defender. -I know we all know that a person who buys a boxer and a skin is with them immediately, or people who are new to the order and have a skin for sale, but generally many of them who have an idea about their skins. what are you doing with this champion? Free skins on freeweeks might make unnecessary bits of confusion, while sales are also decreasing. Why do you try to convince a random person that I have Lee Sin and 10 skins because Lee is free? What if I'm buying in Galio but I'm using a porter and I miss the last "gg on this skin freeweek but 0 art" or "this noob says he has a galio fashion. The skin looks fkin ult". One of the reasons I believe luxury is that the device doesn't create a direct viewer's skin, because the image of the skin is contrasted with the gameplay model. I would never have bought Lee Muay Thai until I knew what the animations were, but my skin turned out to be, perhaps, Lee's main character, and I wanted to have all kinds of skins (plus it looks really good on color).
1	I do not think this is a very good suggestion. Not to sound like I'm one of the "exclusive" assholes in itself, but I paid real money for leather I like and want to show off. -If Lee Sin is free, I will play him. In champ select everyone and their mother thinks "oh my god, it's free week, prepare to kick from the team". Then the loading screen with the Dragon Fist spray art appears. While that may not mean I'm a pro at the master I play, it does mean that someone owns an expensive master AND a skin that they are at least a little experienced with that master. -This is not always true, but skins = separate to some degree. I have invested 1820 RP in Brolaf, but only after playing him for an extremely long time. If someone has a skin, then they logically plan to play that champion for a long time / have already played them. -I know we all know the person who buys a champion and skin with them right away, or those who are new to a champ and have a skin that was on sale, but the general majority of people who own skins have an idea about what they do with that master. Making leather free for freeweek champs will cause unnecessary confusion while reducing sales. Why would I have to convince a random person that I own Lee Sin and X of his skins just because Lee is free? What if I suck at Galio, but I use Gatekeeper and I miss an ult "GG this freeweek skin but 0 skill" or "this nooben says he has galio doctor. Skin look he missed fkin ult". -One of the reasons why I personally think that riot does not implement a direct skin display tool is because the image the skin spray has in contrast to the model in the game. I would never have bought Muay Thai Lee while I knew what the animations were, but the skin came out, I happened to be a Lee main, and I wanted to own all his skins (plus the splash looks really good).
1	I don't think that's a very good suggestion. I don't want to sound like I'm one of those "exclusive" jerks, but I paid real money for skins I like and want to show off. -If Lee Sin is free, I want to play it. In champ he selects everyone and his mom is thinking "oh god it's a week off lee get ready to kick away from the team". Then the loading screen appears with the Dragon Fist splash art. While it may not mean I'm a pro at the champion I'm playing, just because someone has an expensive champion AND a skin means they have at least some experience with that champion. -This is not always true, but skins=skill to SOME EXTENT. I've invested 1820 RP in Brolaf, but only after playing with him for a long time. If someone has a skin, they logically plan to play that champion for a long time or have already played it. I know we all know that person who buys a champion and a skin with them right away, or people who are new to a champion and have a skin that was on sale, but the general majority of people who own skins have a no idea what they're doing with that champion. Making skins free for bye week champions would cause unnecessary confusion while also decreasing sales. Why should I have to convince some random person that I own Lee Sin and X from his skins just because Lee is free? What if I suck at Galio but I'm using Gatekeeper and I miss an ult "GG this week skin off but 0 skill" or "this newbie says he has legen galio. skin skin missed fkin's ult". One of the reasons I personally think Riot doesn't implement a direct skin display tool is because the image that the skin splatter has is different than the in-game model. I never would have bought Muay Thai Lee knowing what the animations were, but the skin came out, I happen to be a main Lee and wanted to get all the skins on him (plus the splatter looks great).
1	I don't think this is a very good suggestion. It doesn’t sound like I’m one of those “unique” fools for every second, but I paid real money for the skins I love and want to show off. -If Lee Sin is free, I want to play him. In the Champ select everyone and their mother are thinking "Oh god its free week lee get ready to leave the team". Then the screen loading will occur with the hybrid art of Dragon Fist. Although it may not mean that I am a champion champion, for someone to own an expensive champion AND leather means they have experience with that champion. -This is not always true, but skins = skill to SOME EXTENT. I have invested 1820 RP for Brolaf, but only after playing him for a very long time. If someone has skin, then logically he plans to play the champion for a long time / he has already played. -I know we all know the person who buys the champion and leather with him directly, or people who are new to the champion and have the skin that was being sold, but generally most people who own the leather have an idea of ​​what they are doing with that champion. Free skinning for free weekly champions can lead to unnecessary frustration while also reducing sales. Why would I convince someone randomly that I own Lee Sin and X's skin just because Lee is free? Am I sucking Galio but I use a gatekeeper and I miss "GG this week free skin but skill 0" or "this noob says he has galio leg. Skin look he missed fkin ult". -One of the reasons I personally believe that violence does not implement the tool for looking at the skin directly is because the image of the skin is contrary to the internal style of the game. I would never have bought Muay Thai Lee as I knew what animation was, but the skin came out, I am the main Lee, and I wanted to own all of its skins (plus splash looks very nice).
1	I don’t think this is a very good suggestion. Not to sound like I'm one of those "special" assholes, but I've paid real money for the skins I love and want to show off. -When Lee Sin is free, I want to play him. At the champ pick everyone and their mom thinks "oh god its a free church so get ready to kick off the party". Then loading the screen appears with Dragon Fist splash art. While it may not mean that I am the champion I play, for someone to have an expensive champion AND skin means they are at least older than that champion. -This is not always true, but skins = ability TO SOMETHING. I invested 1820 RP in Brolaf, but after playing him for a very long time. If someone has skin, then you logically plan to play that champion for a long time / you already played him. -I know we all know the person who buys the champion and removes the skin right away, or people who have just got the champion and have the skin on sale, but most people with skins have an idea of ​​what to do with that champion. Making skins free at weekly champs can create unnecessary confusion while minimizing sales. Why should I convince a random person to hold Lee Sin and X for his skin because Lee is comfortable? What if I sucked Galio but I use the Gatekeeper and I miss the ult "GG this free skin of the week but 0 ability" or "this noob says it has galio legen. Skin look he missed fkin ult". -One of the reasons why I personally believe that chaos is not using a straight skinned tool because the image with the skin is against the in-game model. I wouldn’t have bought Muay Thai Lee when I knew what the animations were, but the skin came out, I happened to be the main Lee, and I wanted to own all of his skins (and the splash looks really good).
1	Hello Leo! My name is also Leo and I am also from Brazil: O I played a few months of 1-30 and transferred silver in the ranking on the NA server and to BR during the second wave of free transfers. Personally I know the NA server has a lot of trolls and flamers I just feel the BR is more passionate. They use VERY colorful language and would actually be pretty witty if they weren't so angry all the time. BRs tend to lose their coolness faster and it's really annoying to deal with, but do not think other servers do not have people like this either. The best way to handle this is to play with friends (add Barten01 if you ever want to play on the BR server) and mute anyone trying to ruin your game. I speak from experience on the NA and BR servers, but I am 100% applicable to the EU, Asia and any other servers out there.
1	Hi Leo! My name is Leo too and I'm from Brazil :O I played 1-30 for a few months, ranked silver on the NA server and moved to BR during the second wave of free transfers. Personally, I know the North American server has a lot of trolls and fire-breathers, I just find BR's to be more enthusiastic. They use very colorful language and are actually very witty if they weren't so angry all the time. BR tends to lose its cool quicker and it's really annoying to deal with, but don't think other servers don't have such people either. The best way to deal with it is to play with friends (add Barten01 if you want to play on a BR server) and mute anyone trying to break your game. I'm speaking from experience with NA and BR servers, but I'm 100% that this applies to Europe, Asia, and any other server.
1	Hi Leo! My name is also Leo and I'm also from Brazil :O I played a few months from 1 to 30 and silver in ranked on the NA server and transferred to BR in the second wave of free transfers. Personally, I know the NA server has a lot of trolls and flamethrowers, I just think the BRs are more passionate. They use VERY colorful language and would actually be quite witty if they weren't so angry all the time. BRs tend to lose their temper faster and it's really annoying to deal with, but don't think other servers don't have people like that too. The best way to handle this is to play with friends (add Barten01 if you ever want to play on the BR server) and mute anyone who tries to ruin your game. I speak from experience on the NA and BR servers , but I'm sure it applies to EU, Asia and all other servers.
1	Hi Leo! I’m also Leo and I’m also from Brazil: O I played a few months from 1-30 and silver on the NA server and moved to BR during the second wave of free transfers. Personally, I know that the NA server has a lot of trolls and pennants, I just feel that BR they are more passionate. They use VERY colorful language and would actually be quite witty if they weren’t so angry all the time. BRs tend to lose power faster and are really embarrassing to deal with, but don’t think that other servers don’t have people like this either. The best way to deal with this is to play with friends (add Barten01 if you ever want to play on the BR server) and turn off the sound of anyone trying to ruin your game. I speak from experience on NA and BR servers, but I am 100% that this applies to the EU, Asia and all other servers out there.
1	Hello Leo! My name is also Leo. I'm also from Brazil: I played for a few months from O 1-30, got a silver rank on the NA server and transferred to BR in the second wave of free transfer. Personally, I know that NA servers have a lot of trawls and framers. I feel that BR's is more passionate. They use a very colorful language and are actually quite witty if they aren't always so angry. BR tends to lose calm quickly and is really annoying to deal with, but don't assume that no other server has such a person. The best way to deal with this is to play with your friends (add Barten01 if you want to play on the BR server) and mute anyone trying to ruin the game. I'm talking from my experience with NA and BR servers, which is 100% true for EU, Asia, and other servers.
1	Hi Leo! My name is also Leo and I am also from Brazil : Oh 1-30 a few months ago from 1-30 and I count the number of silver in NA and I was transferred to BR during the second wave of free transfer. Personally, I know NA saves a lot of trolls and flames a lot, I just feel BR is more angry. They use very proper language and are really quite witty unless they were angry at all times. BRs tend to lose their cool faster and have trouble dealing with it, but I don't think other slaves don't have a similar problem. The best way to do this is to play with friends (add Barten01 if you ever want to play on a BR server) and mute anyone who tries to destroy your game. I am speaking from experience about servers NA and BR, but I do 100 that belong to the EU, Asia and any other slaves there.
1	Hey Leo! My name is also Leo and I am also from Brazil: O I played a few months from 1-30 and silver ranked on the NA server and transferred to BR during the second wave of free transfers. Personally, I know that the NA server has a lot of trolls and flamers, I just feel the BRs are more passionate. They use VERY colorful language and would actually be quite witty if they were not so angry all the time. BRs tend to lose peace faster and it's very annoying to deal with, but do not think that other servers do not have people like this as well. The best way to deal with this is to play with friends (add Barten01 if you ever want to play on the BR server) and curb anyone trying to ruin your game. I speak from experience on the NA and BR servers, but I am 100% this applies to the EU, Asia and all other servers out there.
1	Hi leo! My name is also Leo and I'm also from Brazil :O I played a few months from 1 to 30 and ranked silver on the NA server and got transferred to BR during the second wave of free transfers. Personally, I know that the NA server has a lot of trolls and flamers. I feel like BR's are more passionate. They use VERY colorful language and would actually be quite witty if they weren't so angry all the time. BRs tend to lose their cool quicker and are really annoying to deal with, but don't think other servers don't have people like that as well. The best way to deal with this is to play with friends (add Barten01 if you ever want to play on the BR server) and mute anyone who tries to mess up your game. I speak from experience on NA and BR servers, but I'm 100% sure this applies to EU, Asia and any other servers.
1	How are you today! My name is also Leo and I am also from Brazil: O I played a few months starting 1-30 with money in the NA server position and transferred to BR during the second wave of free transfer. Personally, I know the NA server has a lot of trolls and triggers I just feel the BR ones are more enthusiastic. They use very interesting language and would be very clever if they were not angry all the time. BRs tend to lose quality quickly and are very irritating to handle, but do not think that some servers do not have people like these either. The best way to deal with it is to play with friends (add Barten01 if you would like to play on the BR server) and silence anyone who tries to ruin your game. I speak from experience on NA and BR servers but I'm 100% this applies to EU, Asia, and any other servers out there.
1	Hello Leo! My name is Leo and I am from Brazil: O I played for a few months from 1-30 and silver was lined up on the NA server and transferred to BR during the second wave of free transfers. Personally, I know that the NA server has a lot of trolls and flamers that I just feel the BRs are very loving. They use VERY colorful language and would actually be wise if they were not always angry. BRs often lose their speed quickly and are really annoying to deal with, but don’t think that some servers don’t have people like these. The best way to deal with it is to play with friends (add Barten01 if you want to play on the BR server) and silence anyone who tries to ruin your game. I am talking about experience on NA and BR servers but I am 100% working on EU, Asia, and any other existing servers.
1	If you just look at it right away (have not read through it, but have read through it), a few format-like changes will make the guide much more attractive and easier to read. In some parts it seems that you have forgotten how to separate long posts into paragraphs. In the areas where you seem to have paragraphs, there is no space in between and just makes the guide harder to read. Honestly I say quite "no thank you, do not read it" because it looks like a massive wall of text.
1	Just look at it now (not read through, but skim) some similar formatting changes will make the guide more engaging and easier to read. In some parts, you seem to have forgotten how to break long posts into paragraphs. Not having spaces between areas that appear to have paragraphs just makes the guide harder to read. Frankly, I kind of said "no thanks, don't read that" because it looked like a giant wall of text.
1	Just look at it from the start (I didn't read it but skimmed through), some formatting changes would make the guide much more attractive and easier to read. In some parts, it looks like you forgot how to separate long posts into paragraphs. In the areas where it looks like you have paragraphs, there is no space between them and that just makes the guide harder to read. Frankly, I kind of say "no thanks, I'm not reading that" because it looks like a huge wall of text.
1	Just looking at it right away (I didn’t read it, but went over it) some format-like changes would make the guide much more engaging and easier to read. In some parts, you seem to have forgotten to separate long posts into paragraphs. In areas where it looks like you have paragraphs there is no gap in between and it just makes it harder to read the guide. Honestly, I kind of say “no thanks, I don’t read that” because it looks like a massive wall of text.
1	Just looking at it right away (I didn't read it through, but skimmed it), some format-like changes make the guide much more appealing and readable. Some parts seem to forget how to split a long post into paragraphs. In areas where paragraphs appear to be, there are no spaces between them, making the guide difficult to read. Frankly, it looks like a huge wall of text, so say "No, I haven't read it."
1	Just looking right off the bat (do not read, but run through) some forms like changes to make the guide much more appealing and easier to read. In some parts you forgot how to separate the long letters into paragraphs. In places where you have similar paragraphs, there is no space between and only a guide makes it more difficult to read. Quite frankly, I kinda say "thank you for not reading" because it looks like a huge text wall.
1	Just looking at it right away (did not read through it, but skimmed through) some format-like changes would make the guide much more appealing and easier to read. In some sections, it seems that you have forgotten how to divide long posts into paragraphs. In the areas where it looks like you have paragraphs, there is no space and makes the guide more difficult to read. Honestly, I say "no thanks, do not read it" because it looks like a massive wall of text.
1	Just by looking at it from the beginning (you didn't read it, but flipped through it), some similar changes to the formatting would make the guide much more engaging and easier to read. In some places it seems that you have forgotten how to separate long posts into paragraphs. In the areas where it looks like you have paragraphs, there is no space between them and it just makes the guide harder to read. Frankly, I say "no thanks, don't read that" because it looks like a huge wall of text.
1	Just looking at it from the bat (I have not read it but passed it on) some format changes can make the manual more interesting and easy to read. In some sections it seems that you have forgotten how to separate long posts in paragraphs. In places where it looks like you have a paragraph there is no space between them and it makes the manual difficult to read. Quite frankly I say "no, thank you, don't read that" because it looks like a huge wall of text.
1	Just looking at it from the bat (I did not read about it but browsed) other changes such as format can make the guide more attractive and easier to read. In some sections you seem to have forgotten how to split long posts into sections. In places where it seems to have sections there is no space in the middle and it makes the guide difficult to read. I frankly say "no thank you, I'm not reading that" because it looks like a huge wall of text.
1	If it's boring, do not look. I actually like to look at Asian teams, just because how much better they are than the rest, the benchmark is set higher, so if you want to win the cash prize, get better, take the game seriously and just practice more. If they can do it, anyone else can. The only thing Asians do differently is that they take the game seriously, because that's how they make a living. The other regions do not seem to take it too seriously, they can make a living from streaming so they do not make too much effort to really win tournaments.
1	Don't watch if you're bored. I actually enjoy watching Asian teams, it's just that the bar is higher because of how much better they are than other teams, so if you want to win money, get better, take the game seriously, practice more. If they can do it, others can too. The only thing different about Asians is that they take the game seriously because that's how they make a living. The other regions don't seem to take it too seriously, they can live stream for a living, so they don't put much effort into actually winning games.
1	If it's boring, don't watch. I actually love watching Asian teams just because they are better than others the bar is set higher so if you want to win the prize money improve yourself take the game seriously and train you more. If they can do it, anyone else can. The only thing that Asians do is different is that they take gambling seriously, because that's how they make their living. Other regions don't seem to take this too seriously, they can live off streaming so they don't put too much effort into winning tournaments.
1	If it's boring, don't watch. I actually love watching Asian teams, just because they’re better than the others, the bar is set higher, so if you want to win a cash prize, stay better, take the game seriously and just practice more. If they can, anyone else can. The only thing Asians do differently is that they take the game seriously, because that's how they make a living. Other regions don’t seem to take it too seriously, they can make a living from streaming so they don’t try too hard to win tournaments.
1	If you're bored, don't look. I really love to see Asian teams. The bar is set high just because it's much better than the other teams, so if you want to win a prize, get better, take the game seriously and practice more. If they can do it, anyone else can do it. The only difference between Asians is that they take the game seriously. Because that's how they make a living. Other areas do not seem to take it very seriously. They can make a living by streaming, so they don't really put much effort into winning the tournament.
1	If you are tired, don't watch. I really like watching Asians teams, just because they are much better than the others, the bar is placed higher, so if you want to win prize money, get better, play a tough game and just practice more. If they can do this, everyone else can. The only thing Asians do is that they take serious gameplay, because that is how they live. While other countries don't seem to be too impressive, they can also create a live outpouring of not putting too much effort into actually winning tournaments.
1	If it's boring, do not look. I actually love watching Asian teams, just because how much better they are than the rest, the bar is set higher, so if you want to win the cash prize, get better, take the game seriously and just practice more. If they can do it, everyone else can. The only thing Asians do differently is that they take the game seriously, because that's how they earn a living. It seems that the other regions do not take it too seriously, they can make a living from streaming so that they do not put too much effort into actually winning tournaments.
1	If it's boring, don't watch. I actually love watching the Asian teams, just because they are so much better than the rest, the bar is higher, so if you want to win the prize money, get better, take the game seriously and practice more. If they can do it, anyone can do it. The only thing Asians do differently is that they take the game seriously, because that's how they make a living. The other regions don't seem to take it too seriously, they can make a living from streaming so they don't put too much effort into winning tournaments.
1	If it's tiring, don't look. I really like to look at Asian teams, just because they are better than others, the bar is set higher, so if you want to win a cash prize, do well, take the game seriously and practice more. If they can do it, anyone else can. The only thing Asians do differently is that they take the game seriously, because that's how they make a living. Some regions do not seem to consider it too bad, they may earn a living so as not to put too much effort into winning the competition.
1	If it's boring, don't look. I actually like to watch Asian teams, just because they are better than others, the bar is set up, so if you want to win a cash prize, get better, take the game seriously and practice hard. If they can, anyone else can. The only thing Asians do differently is that they take the sport seriously, because that's how they make a living. Some regions do not seem to take it very seriously, they are able to make a living by broadcasting so as not to put too much effort into winning competitions.
1	Ok, I'm not seen anyone else do it yet, but it's my "default"> combination every time I use thressh. > Basically it drags enemy towards you, drags them a SECOND time> towards you, AND THEN you chase to be behind them, and you can take them even further to your ADC E>! > You can push your Q and hit someone to drag them, then> walk backwards to drag them again, immediately afterwards you CAN push Q> after you drag them and you can bump into them, it will take you> to the place where you originally grabbed them, so you will> actually be behind them, you can then push them forward (because> you in front of them) with your E.> I hope it makes sense, please try it! >
1	Ok, I haven't seen anyone else do this, but this is my "standard" > combo every time I use thresh . >Basically it drags the enemy towards you, a second time drags them towards you, then you rush behind them and you can drag them >them closer to your ADC! > you can press Q and hit someone to drag them, then > go back to drag them again, then you can press Q immediately > after you drag them and you can dash towards them, it will dash you To > where you initially caught them, so you'll be > actually behind them, then you can push them forward with your E (because > you're in front of them). > I hope this makes sense, please try it! >
1	Ok, I haven't seen anyone else do this, but it's my "standard" combo every time I use the thresh. > Basically it pulls the enemy towards you, drags them a SECOND > time towards you, AND THEN you dash to be behind them, and you can E > them even more towards your ADC! > You can press your Q and hit someone to slide them, then walk > backwards to slide them again, immediately after that you CAN press Q > after you slide them and you can dash on it, it will rush you > to where you originally grabbed them from, so you'll > actually be behind them, you can then nudge them forward (because > you're in front of them) with your E. > Hope this makes sense, try it! >
1	Ok, I haven't seen anyone else do this, but this is my "standard"> combo every time I use thresh. > Basically, he pulls the enemy towards you, he pulls them the SECOND time> towards you, AND THEN you rush to be behind them, and you can E>> towards your ADC even more! > You can press Q and hit someone to pull them, then walk> back to pull them again, right after that YOU can press Q> after you pull them and you can rush at them, it will push you> to the place where you originally grabbed them, so you will actually be behind them and then you can push them forward (because you are in front of them) with your E.> I hope this makes sense, give it a try! >
1	Well, I've never seen anyone else doing this, but this is my "standard" combo every time I use thresh. > Basically, it drags the enemy towards you, the second time towards you. And you dash behind them. And you drag the enemy further towards your ADC! > Press Q to hit someone and drag, then walk back and drag again. Immediately after that, press Q and when you can drag and dash, dash. You will actually be behind them because you are where you first grabbed them, and you can push them forward with your E (> because they are in front of you). > Hope this makes sense, give it a try! >> >>
1	Ok, I haven't seen anyone do this, but this is my "standard" >combo tread every time I use one. >As he draws the enemy to you, he draws you a second time, and you dash behind them, and you can even more against your ADC! >You can press your Q and hit someone to drag them, then walk backwards to drag them again. Immediately after you press Q after you have pulled them you can rush towards you. you've got a place from the beginning, so that you'll be truly behind them, then you can drive them (because in front of them) with your E. I hope this feeling, please, try! >
1	Ok, I have not seen anyone else do this, but this is my "default"> combination every time I use thresh. > Basically, that enemy pulls towards you, pulls them ANOTHER time> towards you, AND THEN you hurry to be behind them, and you can E> them towards your ADC even more! > You can press Q and press someone to drag them, then go> backwards to drag them again, immediately after that you CAN press Q> after you drag them and you can strive on them, it will push you > to the place where you originally took them from, so you want to> actually be behind them, you can then push them forward (because> your in front of them) with your E.> I hope this makes sense, give it a try! >
1	Ok, I haven't seen anyone else do this, but this is my "standard" combo whenever I use threshing. >Basically, you drag the enemy towards you, drag them a SECOND time >towards you, AND THEN run to get behind them, and you can E >them towards your ADC even more! >You can press your Q and hit someone to drag them, then walk >backwards to drag them again, immediately after you CAN press Q >after you've dragged it and you can dash on it, it will take you >to the place where you originally took them , so you'll actually be behind them, then you can push them forward (because you're in front of them) with your E. I hope this makes sense, please try it! >
1	Okay, I haven't seen anyone else do this, but this is my "standard"> combo every time I use thresh. > It basically pulls the enemy towards you, pulls them TWO times> towards you, THEN you run to be behind them, and you can E> towards your ADC even more! > You can click your Q and hit someone to drag it, then walk> go back to drag it again, once you CAN click Q> after dragging it and you can run it, it will drag you to where you grabbed it from, so you will be> really behind them, you can then push them forward (because> you are in front of them) with your E> I hope this means, please try! >
1	Okay, I've never seen anyone do this, but this "normal"> combo every time I use thresh. > It actually pulls the enemy towards you, pulls it SECOND> targets you, THEN you run to be behind it, and you can E> direct them to your ADC even more! > You can press your Q and hit someone to drag it, then go> go back to drag it and, soon after that you can press Q> after you have pulled and did not wash it on it, it will run to you> where you originally held it, so you will pushing them forward (because> in front of them) with your E. > I hope this makes sense, please give it a try! >
1	This. I've been doing this since the first day Thresh came out, and it drastically increases the amount of time you have a person under your control. Why not use the two pulls of the chain before flying to them, and then strike back with Flay? Ofc, there are times and places where you just want to fly to them as soon as possible to save or initiate someone, but that's all judgment.
1	this. I've been doing this since the first day Thresh came out and it greatly increases the amount of time you have control over a person. Why not use the two pulls of the chain before flying towards them, then beat them back with the whip? Ofc, there are times and places where you just want to fly to them ASAP to save someone or initiate, but it's all a matter of judgment.
1	This. I've been doing this since day one of Thresh's release, and it dramatically increases the amount of time you have a person under your control. Why not use both chain pulls before flying towards them, then push them back with Flay? Of course, there are times and places where you just want to fly to them ASAP to rescue someone or initiate, but it all depends on judgment.
1	This one. I’ve been doing this since the first day Thresh came out, and it drastically increases the time you have a person under your control. Why not take advantage of two chain pulls before you fly to them and then knock them back with Flay? Of course, there are moments and places where you just want to fly to them as soon as possible to save or launch someone, but it’s all up to you.
1	this. I've been doing this since the first day Thresh came out, and it dramatically increases the amount of time you have someone under your control. Why don't you use the two pulls of the chain, fly, and then knock back with Flay? Often there are times and places where you want to fly to them as soon as possible to save or start someone, but that's all up to you.
1	This I've done this since the first day of Thresh came out, and it greatly increases the amount of time you have in your power. Why don't you use two claws before flying over to them, then thrashing with Flayo? Ofc, there are times and places where you just want to fly to them ASAP to save or invest, but it's all right.
1	This. I've been doing this since the first day Thresh came out, and it drastically increases how long you have a person under your control. Why not use the two moves in the chain before flying to them and then strike them back with Flay? Ofc, there are times and places where you just want to fly to them ASAP to save someone or get started, but everything is up for consideration.
1	East. I've been doing this since the first day Thresh came out, and it drastically increases the amount of time you have a person under your control. Why not use both chain pulls before flying towards them and then knock them down with Flay? Ofc, there are times and places where you just want to fly to them ASAP to save someone or initiate, but it's all down to judgment.
1	This. I have been doing this since the first day of Thresh came out, and it significantly increases the amount of time you have with someone under your control. Why not use two chain targets before their jump, then hit it with Flay? Ofc, there are times and places where you would like to jump to them QUICKLY to save someone or set up, but it is all a decision.
1	This. This I was doing from day one came out Thresh, and greatly increased the time to have someone under you. Why not use a two-string chain before flying in, and then return them with Flay? Ofc, there are times and places when you just want to fly ASAP to save someone or get started, but it all depends on judgment.
1	Actually, the cart thing is that her 3rd Q-cast hits the ground immediately, and the animation of Riven doing a front flip comes later, which is not supposed to happen. And also when you want to do 3rd Q and fast W, it feels delayed as fuck.
1	In fact, the problem is that her third Q cast instantly slams the ground, and Riven's front flip animation follows, which shouldn't happen. And when you want to do a third Q and a quick W, it feels like a fucking delay.
1	In fact, the problem is that her 3rd Q hits the ground instantly, and the animation of Riven doing a front flip comes later, which isn't supposed to happen. And also when you want to do the 3rd Q and the fast W, it feels retarded as shit.
1	In fact, the problem is that her 3rd Q cast hits the ground right away, and the Riven animation doing the turnaround comes later, which shouldn’t happen. And also when you want to make a 3. Q and a fast W, you feel like a fucking delayed.
1	In fact, the bug is that her third Q-cast hits the ground instantly, and Riven's animation of a front flip comes later. Also, when I want to do a fast W with the third Q, I feel a delay as sexual intercourse.
1	Actually, the buggy thing is that its 3 Q ejected instantly slams to the ground, and the animation Riven does later comes with a front flip, which is not going to happen. And even when you want to do 3 Q and fast W, it feels like fuck off until.
1	Actually, it's buggy that her third Q-crew hits the ground immediately, and the animation of Riven doing a front flip comes later, which is not going to happen. And also when you want to do 3. Q and fast W, it feels delayed.
1	Actually, the problem is that her 3rd Q throw hits the ground instantly, and the animation of Riven doing a front flip comes after, which isn't supposed to happen. And also when you want to do 3rd Q and W fast, he feels retarded as shit.
1	In fact, the thing that bothers me is that his 3rd Q character hits it down right away, and the animation of Riven making a forward turn comes later, which should not happen. And also when you want to do Q 3 and W quickly, it feels delayed like a fuck.
1	In fact, the problem is that his third Q characters hit the ground running right away, and Riven's flickering of the front flip comes later, which should not have happened. And again if you want to do a 3rd Q and a quick W, it sounds like a delay.
1	If there are players out there who are good enough to become pro, they will become pro regardless of gender; just because it has not happened yet does not mean it will never happen. From memory, the LoL infographics on players showed that more than 90% of LoL players are male, meaning less than 10% are female. That 10% includes girls who only play for fun and have no interest in the ranked scene, only occasionally play and what-not. Personally, I prefer not to rush it just because people think it's unfair that the pro scene is currently fully male. Hasty things can (keyword: can) lead to someone who is not so committed to playing, letting their team down and / or making the community in a position where girls can not play on a professional level .
1	If there are good enough players to go pro, they will go pro, regardless of gender; just because it hasn't happened doesn't mean it's never going to happen. From memory, the League of Legends infographic about players shows that more than 90% of League of Legends players are male, which means less than 10% of players are female. That 10% of girls are not interested in the ranking scene just for fun, and just play occasionally or something. Personally, I'd rather not rush into it because people think it's unfair that the career scene is currently entirely male. Rushing things can (keyword: possibly) cause someone to be less focused on the game, let their team down and/or put the community in a position to think girls can't play professionally.
1	If there are players good enough to turn pro, they will turn pro regardless of gender; just because it hasn't happened yet doesn't mean it never will. From memory, LoL's player infographic showed that over 90% of LoL players are male, which means less than 10% are female. This 10% includes girls who only play for fun and have no interest in the ranked scene, play only occasionally and so on. Personally, I prefer not to rush just because people think it's unfair that the pro scene is currently all-male. Rushing things could (keyword: could) result in someone who isn't as dedicated to the game dropping their team and/or causing the community to think that girls can't play at a professional level .
1	If there are players who are good enough to be professionals, they will go professionals regardless of gender; just because it hasn’t happened yet doesn’t mean it will never happen. According to recollection, the LoL player infographic showed that more than 90% of LoL players are men, meaning less than 10% are women. That 10% includes girls who play just for fun and aren’t interested in a ranked scene, they only play occasionally and what-not. Personally, I wouldn’t like to be in a hurry just because people think it’s not fair that the professional scene is completely male at the moment. Rushing things could (keyword: could) lead to having someone who isn’t so dedicated to playing, letting your team down, and / or putting the community in a position to think girls can’t play on a professional level.
1	If you have enough players to be professional, you will be professional regardless of gender. Just because it hasn't happened yet doesn't mean it never happens. From memory, LoL infographics about players show that over 90% of LoL players are male and less than 10% are female. 10% of them include girls who are playing for fun only, are not interested in the ranked scenes, and play only occasionally. Personally, I don't want to rush just because people think it's unfair that the professional scene is now completely male. Rushing things (keyword: may) is in a position to think of the community as having someone who isn't dedicated to playing, disappointing the team, and / or the girl can't play at the professional level. There is a possibility of falling.
1	If there are enough players there to go, they will go out for whatever race; because it was not so done, but does not signify what he never wills. From memory, the LoL players info showed over 90% of LoL players are male, meaning less than 10% are female. And 10% include girls who only play for sports and have no interest in stage numbers, only sometimes and that they don't play. Personally I'd prefer not to rush in because men think it's unfair for a stage to be fully masculine. Frisks could (keyword: might) result in someone who isn't designed to play, jumps off the team and/or takes the community into a position of thinking that girls can't play on stage instead.
1	If there are players out there who are good enough to become professionals, they will become professionals regardless of gender; just because it has not happened yet does not mean it will never happen. From memory, the LoL infographic on players showed that over 90% of LoL players are men, which means that less than 10% are women. These 10% include girls who only play for fun and who are not interested in the ranked scene, only play occasionally and not. Personally, I would rather not be in a hurry just because people think it is unfair that the professional scene at the moment is completely male. Hasty things can (keywords: can) result in someone who is not as dedicated to playing, failing their team and / or getting society in a position to think that girls can not play at a professional level.
1	If there are players good enough to be professionals, they will be regardless of gender; Just because it hasn't happened yet doesn't mean it never will. From memory, the LoL player infographic showed that over 90% of LoL players are male, which means less than 10% are female. That 10% includes girls who just play for fun and have no interest in the ranked scene, just play occasionally and whatnot. Personally, I prefer not to rush just because people think it's unfair that the pro scene is currently all male. Rushing things could (keyword: could) have someone not as dedicated to playing, let their team down, and/or make the community think girls can't play at a professional level.
1	If there are enough players to become a professional, they will go on to become experts regardless of gender; Just because it hasn't happened yet does not mean it will never happen. According to records, LoL's description of the players showed that more than 90% of LoL players are male, meaning that less than 10% are female. That 10% includes girls who play just for fun and are not attracted to the listed area, play regularly and what-not. Personally I would not like to be rushed just because people think it is not fair that the pro area is currently completely male. Fast things can (key word: can) lead to someone who is not very committed to playing, downsizing his team and / or making the community have a chance to think that girls can't play at a professional level.
1	If there are players good enough to be a pro, they will move forward regardless of gender; Just because it has not happened does not mean it will not happen. From memory, the LoL infographic about the players showed that LoL players are over 90% male, which means less than 10% female. That 10% includes girls who only play for fun and have no interest in the rated stage, who only play occasionally and what-not. Personally I better not to rush because people think it is wrong that this scene is completely male. Quick things can (keyword:) result in someone less dedicated to playing, lowering his team and / or making the community think girls can't play at a higher level.
1	From what I've been playing, it seems like the people you're playing with or against are a major determinant in how many points you get. I'm currently a silver 5, but when I play with a few golden friends, they all complain about getting 10-15 points from a win while I get 20-30 league points. I later played with some bronze friends and I was the one who got a few points, and then after a finish for a loss, I lost a lot of points. The reason I lost so many points is to lose to people with such a lower hidden match rating.
1	From what I've been playing with, it seems that who you play with/against is the main determinant of how many points you get. I'm currently a silver 5 but when I play with some gold friends they all complain about getting 10-15 points from a win and I get 20-30 league points. Later I played with a few bronze friends and I was the one who got a few points and then after one failure I lost a lot of points. The reason I lost so many points is to lose to someone with such a low hidden match rating.
1	From what I've played with, it seems that who you play with or against is a big factor in how many points you receive. I'm currently a silver 5 but when I play with gold friends they all complain about getting 10-15 points from a win when I get 20-30 league points. I played with some bronze friends later and I was the one who got some points, then after an afk for a loss I lost a huge amount of points. The reason I lost so many points is because I lost to people with such a lower hidden matchmaking rating.
1	From what I’ve played it seems like the people you play with / against are the main factor that determines how many points you get. I am currently a silver 5, but when I play with some golden friends, everyone complains that they get 10-15 points from the win, while I get 20-30 championship points. I later played with a few bronze friends and I got a few points and then after the afk for the defeat I lost a huge part of the points. The reason I lost so many points is the loss from people with such a lower hidden rating.
1	From what I'm playing, it seems as if the people you're playing / playing are the main determinants of the number of points you receive. I'm currently Silver 5, but when I play with my Gold friends, I'm dissatisfied with getting 10-15 points from the win, even though I've got 20-30 league points. Later I played with a few bronze friends and I got a few points. Then, after losing in afk, I lost a lot of points. The reason I lost so many points is because I lost to people with such a low rating for hidden matchmaking.
1	From what he plays, it seems like the people who are playing/against the element first determine how many points you receive. I currently have a silver 5 but with my friends gold I play, they all complain about winning 10-15 points while I get 20-30 points by getting a league. I played with a few bronze friends later, and I was one with a few points, and then after the afk loss, I lost a huge chunk of points. The reason I've lost so many points is that they have been hidden to people with so much lower esteem for searching.
1	From what I have played with, it seems as if the people you play with / against are a decisive factor in how many points you get. I'm currently a silver 5, but when I play with some gold friends they all complain about getting 10-15 points from a win while I get 20-30 league points. I played with some bronze friends later, and it was I who got some points, and then after a loss for loss I lost a large part of points. The reason I lost so many points is the loss for people with such a lower hidden matchmaking rating.
1	From what I've been playing, it seems that the people you play with or against are a major determining factor in how many points you receive. I'm currently a silver 5, but when I play with some gold friends, they all complain about getting 10-15 points from a win, while I get 20-30 league points. Later I played with some bronze friends and I was the one who got some points, and then after a foul for loss I lost a lot of points. The reason I lost so many points is because I lost to people with such a low hidden matchmaking rating.
1	From what I've been playing with it seems like the people you play with / against them are the main reason for deciding how many points you get. I currently have 5 bucks but when I play with gold friends they all complain about getting 10-15 points from the win while I get 20-30 league points. I played with a few brass friends later and I was the one who got a few points, and then after afk for a loss, I lost a huge chunk of points. The reason that made me lose so many points is due to the loss of people with the lowest estimate of hidden comparisons.
1	From what I've been playing it seems that the people you play with / your opponents are the deciding factor in how many points you get. I am currently in 5 silver but when I play with other gold friends they all cry for 10-15 points for winning while I get 20-30 league points. I played with a few brass friends later and I was the one who got the few points, and after the afk of losing, I lost a lot of points. The reason I lost so many points stems from the loss of people with a low covert size.
