1	Didn't they lose 6 games in a row? Just because you're close for some of the games doesn't mean that you're not a lot weaker than that team. I  love  Arkansas razorbacks football. 2 years (i think) we lost to Alabama and LSU by a field goal that we missed from less than 40 yards. This year we lost to Alabam 52-0. Our team isnt' young and we we're ranked 8. Our quarterback did get injured against UL monroe, but that doesn't make up 49 points.
0	I'm warning for a wall of text here.   Actually there's quite a good explanation for this phenomenon. This is what we in marketing call branding. That is the creation of a brand. A brand in turn is "A person, name, term, design, symbol, or any other feature that identifies one seller's good or service as distinct from those of other sellers." This is according to the american marketing association. Now in this case it has to do with personal branding.   Rein, Kotler and Stoller (1987) define a celebrity as as ”A person whose name has attention-getting, interest-riveting, profit generating value”. By using a celebrity for endorsement in campaigns you can achieve something called co-branding. That means that the name of a celebrity is used to endorse a particular politician or party. This is the same as what Nike for example does with Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods for example. They use their names, big names in their particular fields, to endorse endorse different kinds of products to give them more exposure.   Say that you want to sell a shoe. If you see two ads, one with just the shoe and one with Michael Jordan (or whatever celebrity you know of) you are by more or less always going to pay more attention to the one with the celebrity.   Alright so now we've covered the basics. Now we are coming to word of mouth or as we are here online we are talking about word of mouse. Because of the nature of politics, by that I mean that it's an area which very few people actually know that much about and the information can be ambiguous, they look to so called opinion leaders. These opinion leaders can be more or less anyone. For example Steven Colbert, Bill O'Riley,Engadget, Ray W Johnson or what ever ... someone people look to for some kind of information they are too lazy to find out themselves and which give them the information they think they need.   Now say that you know jack shit about politics and you are ha huge fan of Madonna, then you'll most probably think that Madonna probably is on to something. So instead of finding stuff out yourself you vote like Madonna, because you "know" Madonna and you like her, so she's probably right. That means that Madonna is your opinion leader in this case. Same goes for basically all other brands, both for intangible and tangible "products".   I could probably continue writing about this stuff all day but I think you get the picture from this.
1	Because spinning axe is a massive damage buff(percent based damage buff that applies his passive dot), even at rank one. Because he can use the spell once and keep the buff for an extended amount of time, and even re-apply.  Because asking for a massive damage increase that can't be countered and doesn't expire after a set time is like asking for Corki's rockets to home in on the nearest low heath champion and deal true damage.
1	I agree, and feel like TRM...may or may not get a lot of unnecessary hate on Reddit a lot of the time (not that everyone doesn't, but still). He wears his emotions on his sleeve like a lot of people do, Oce is a good example, and is another of the players either loved of hated on a every other day basis.   Being emotional isn't always a bad thing either, and there are people like that in every part of life. NBA fans either else love or hate Kevin Garnett, a very vocal emotional player who is generally liked by everyone on his team...and not so much by his opponents. But he has won a MVP and lead teams to titles regardless.
1	I kinda of have issue with putting blame on just one party.   Yes, I agree 154.37 (repeating, of course) % that Riot should have had booths (or at least some sort of method blocking the minimap). They offer so many positive benefits that its almost a necessity. Hell, given the chance I'd argue this with Carmac, who is against the idea of booths (just look at any IEM).   BUT looking behind you is against the rules that Riot set in place before the tournament began.  And rules is rules. You don't see guys running up and down a court in basketball not dribbling the ball because it is easier and faster that way.  You don't see American Footballers making horse-collar tackles because its a good place to get a grip - and if they do, they get penalized.   For those saying riot is just using frost as a fall guy: Redbeard posted this, and might have been skipped over, in the rulings post:   "In hindsight, the potential visibility of minimap screens for players was a mistake. Despite on-site referees, close monitoring of player cams backstage, and stage design that ensured players would have to turn more than 90 degrees to be able to catch a glimpse of the minimaps, even the possibility of unfair play was simply unacceptable. We’re taking steps to ensure the minimap screens are not visible to players."
1	tbh, I haven't seen one change the guys done that I've liked. While pulsefire might not've been his fault I didn't like it and I was gosh darn lucky to have the rp saved for months waiting for pfe to come out and they had him half price, it was cool when I got it but tbh it's like my other 5 legendaries they're really cool and I don't regret buying them but tbh pfe wasn't worth 3k rp for, 1860 rp is where he should've gone. Kog' Maw's been out for 2 years now same with anivia and corki. Kog'maw should've been 3150 ip alongside corki. Anivia is a high skill champ then put her down to 4800 ip so super newbie's don't just get her and get destroyed. I mean reducing the rp costs by less than a dollar on champions that have been out SINCE BETA! I could see if this was a champ released early this year, but...beta champs? champs we can get the digital pack for 30 bucks as a newbie and get about 45 bucks worth of champs for plus 2 skins? This guy apperently doesn't know his crap if he's experimenting with prices. You go by history, and history has shown that nobody gives a hoodah about the spread of what you get in a champ bundle, kha'zix's bundle is the same price...fine but tbh, that skin is no more different any recent 975 skin, sure it has new models and crap but so does jayce he has 2 models, udyr has 4! their skins are still 975! and people don't generally buy champs with rp unless it's the bundle or if it's on sale...yes preadopters are good they've always sold many a bundle on release I've bought a good many of them, but I don't wanna see the new guys face that gets to play this kha' zix guy on a free week 2 weeks after his bundle is gone and say "wait why does his skin cost more than the one that has the same level of detail on other champions" ppl just won't buy it and you lose people's interest in your product. It's probably why black ops 2's elite is gonna be free, NOBODY CARED TO BUY IT LAST TIME.
1	A few months ago: "Brand is SO good but his ult is too unreliable! But he would be so broken if his ult prioritized champions!" Still isn't played.   Now he needs a MS buff because he has no escapes? Anivia, Galio, Karthus, Ryze, Twisted Fate, and Zyra would like to have a word with you.
1	i know that feel bro but once in a while u will get such offers and u can actually take it... u just have to make silly-sounding offers to the peoples where they think they will win...  I once had a guy that had no clue of the game and flamed me like hell and i told him that he simply doesnt have the mindset nor the skillset to call me a bad player and i simply told him that i could crash him even if i play soraka against any champ he wants. Since i was pretty sure he isnt good enogh to know about counters and stuff. SO he agreed to soraka and picked xin in his 1v1 and i smashed his face to the ground over and over again and at the end of the game he came and said: "Okay, gg, you are a good player and i am just too bad to notice it. exactly what u said earlier on"  I was crying to see such awesome behaviour even if the most stupid players would rage and say it was luck.
1	You sound like you need to read this:   "Not fun isn't the same as anti-fun - it's an interesting distinction actually.   Think of it in positive, negative and zero terms. Fun is clearly positive. Not fun is Zero. Anti-fun is negative on that scale. Skills that fail the fun vs. anti-fun test is when one player's fun isn't really counterbalanced by the negative on the other player - And the important thing is this isn't zero-sum, suprisingly.   The subjectivity of this comes where you set your zero-point for things.   However, there are lots of things that simply aren't fun from a player perspective that is negative fun for the opponent - If for example, I made a button that lets you physically beat someone with a chair on the other side of the screen - that's not enjoyable for me - and it's very very negative for you. That's an example of a non zero-sum scenario.   As to the concern that 'anti-fun principles are hindering creativity' - well.. I'm not sure about that - you may want to ask yourself whether or not creative uniqueness is a priority for designs or not - Solid gameplay, for example, is a great goal to strive for, even if it's unoriginal.   Even though I tinker with crazy stuff all the time, I would always trade something that is solid to play rather than original/unique and mediocre."   " Do you not understand that the people doing the stunlocking and bursting are also having fun?   That statement kind of leads to the thought that having an infinite combo in a game is good design because it supposedly lets one player have an infinite amount of gratification.   Again, the measure is fun vs. anti-fun a lot of the time - Anivia's wall creates many more awesome moments than bad ones for your team - It's about ratios - And like I said before, it's a subjective point on where your zero point is.   Anti-fun is typically embodied by lock-down, shut down, or obscure-counter mechanics - They almost universally restrict and control the opponent's range of options - leading to less play overall simply because your opponent reacts less. Yes, while there will always be people who find pleasure in fighting helpless opponents who simply sit there and do  nothing  at all (see above, for the infinite case), I don't think this is gameplay we should encourage.   Chair-Beating   You're telling me that you would willingly play a game, where every so often, the opponent gets to beat you senseless with a chair? That's kind of a scary thought."
1	This all day long, i was on with my brother last night, it was his first PVP game after learning the maps and controls and such like against AI, we told everyone before hand he was new and he went Ashe, i took Pantheon and we said we were going top lane. Soon as we start two other guys went top and we got barrated with things like "little noobs go bottom" "GG guys lost already got a noob", now i'd like to state im level 15 now, and even though these guys claimed to be on Smurf accounts and were going to boss the game, they fed and the lane collapsed and they blamed it on us for being noobs even though our lane stayed strong and i ganked mid a couple of times to help out.
1	Www.solomid.net is currently  one  of the best sites to get trusty (is this how you say it ? :> ) information. Don't go to MOBAfire, it is quite unreliable but on Solomid, Guides need to be approved by the Solomid-team + TSM (a pro team) makes guides themselves.   I know that when I started playing a year ago and found out the recommended items sucked, I'd pick my champion go to a site and look up my build. You don't need to memorize it, when you need to buy something you "Alt+Tb", pick your browser screen and look what items are viable on your champion.  You can follow the standard build if you don't feel confident enough yet or you can pick more Magic resists/armor/damage (depends on if you are losing/winning lane) in the items that are selected as 'good' for your chosen champion. Either way is better than following recommended and if you do just follow the standard builds, don't worry. The longer you play, the more confident you'll get in picking what items are the best in what situation.
1	Dude i have a smurf as well, and I dislike those lvl 30 being rude and stuff to you real noobs (nothing offending) Theyre like OMG noob stop feeding while the guy's just got 50 games max. Hate that cause you can't learn from that. And actually I found out that most lvl 10-15 players I play with are lvl 30 smurfs, and that shocks me. Ofcourse i'm trollin people at those game, getting strange picks, AP ashe and stuff, and I still carry cause I know the mechanics, but i'm sick of people here to rape noobs, and raging flaming at their teamates.
1	I just want to say that: I just made a new smurf account so that I could get a new account to try ranked with, without tainting my main.   When I chose the initial skill level, I selected the easiest one because I figured that would match me against the most people.   What I have found is that 7 out of 10 people in my matches (myself included) are all smurfing. People are building double GP10, warding, using shurelya's, randuins and aegis.   I must say that there are a few people that have been absofuckinglutely retarded, but most people that  aren't  smurfing seem to be picking up the game a  lot  faster than I did because of people being helpful for honor points.   That being said, if you're a new player and your teammate explains last-hitting, build advice, and the point that boots are a must-have item, and you do not listen, you are going to be in for a rough time.
1	Yeah, but at least they are absolutely terrible. You'll catch up eventually, just ignore them.   Real smurfs are only there to play with their friends, and will rarely rage at you because they actually know what they are doing and will not rely on team mates to do the same. They feel bad when they stomp too hard, and will usually apologize or try hard not to rub it in people's faces or go out of their way to steal kills from team mates   Bad smurfs will get angry at every mistake you do, use terms like "meta" or "counter jungle" to try to confuse you and to make themselves look cool, and then get angry when you couldn't tryhard as hard as them. They will get angry at team mates saying "gg noob team" at end of the game. They will usually lose because they are unable to adapt to lower level playstyles and will get stomped because they try to conform to "high elo play tactics" while playing againts level 5's.
1	although i may be a rare case, i do get flamed at quite often for being a smurf on my level 16 account because i rage at people for not doing things that are very simple like freezing the lane and farming, although this is my main account. I do enjoy having smurfs in my team, even if they rage, because at least what they are saying holds value and they are actually helping the team win instead of simply complaining that the jungler or players nearby that doesnt save you and blame your death on them when it is your fault in the first place for running across half the map for that kill
1	Don't sweat it, man. I'm a fairly decent player and recently made a new account on BR server for ping reasons. You would not believe the amount of flame I get even though I always score positive.   Assholes  People smurfing believe they're incredibly good even though they probably don't get a good grasp on the game yet.   Yes, that includes me and almost every smurf, that's why I never flame and nor should anyone. Try to give constructive advice and just enjoy the game.   [
0	This contradicts my 3 tickets this year and a half.     behind a school bus in a school zone, they said I was going 10mph faster than the bus I was directly behind     On my 17th birthday the speedzone was changing from a 25mph to a 35mph and I was on the last block of the 25mph zone, got pulled over for going 30mph     My tail light was out and I was on my way to the hardware store in town to get a new bulb, I used my hand signals and still got pulled over and they gave me a 124$ ticket for that one.
0	Something crazier happened to me. I was driving back from a Modest Mouse show around midnight and since I live in a smaller town, the highway was empty and you can see anyone coming from either direction easily.   I decided that since I'd never been 100 mph in my shitty little 98 camry, now's the time! So I start getting up to around 85 and there is this car following me, keeping pace as I increase my speed. I get up to about 105 and this car is keeping pace. After about a minute, I slowed down to about 80 and the car whizzes passed me. It was that particular county's sheriff. I bout shit myself but he turned the opposite direction at the end.
0	I've been ticketed four times (so far) for speeding; all gifted from the California Highway Patrol. My second ticket was from a badass old-timer patrolman who told me straight out "I'm only giving tickets out for speeding today. I don't care if you don't have your license or registration, you were speeding and thats what I gotta give you a ticket for". I was going 70 in a 55 (country road). He then told me most HPs won't even "look at you twice for going 80 in a posted 65-70". As someone who has taken this to heart ever since, drives about 1200 miles a week, and a frequent weaver, I can say that 99% of the time it's absolutely true!
0	Haha no, I don't live in Virginia, and from what I know from my friends who live in the area, they aren't friendly. And, to boot, they don't like the military (SO MANY military in that area).   Just a personal opinion, but lack of education and less stringent hiring standards are a big problem with some LE departments around the country. For example, I have a graduate education, military experience, and I'm a female, and I had a difficult time getting hired in my state (in New England). If I moved back to Florida, which is where i'm originally from, you don't even need a college degree (you many need some credits, but that varies). It was the "good old boys" that patrolled, and from what I remember, there were SO MANY MORE cops in Florida then there are in New England.
0	A few years ago my gf and I were driving down I-5, just pass corvallis cut off and I'm doing 80ish in a 65, mind you its like 1am on a weekday and there is nobody out. I'm in the fast lane because I don't feel like switching lanes every mile or so for the 1 car.   Suddenly this guy flys up on my ass, and flicks his high beams at me, I look up, pull over to the slow lane and he flys past me... $#!*! that was a cop, wtf, ok i'll go 65 for a little bit... 10 minutes pass, f-it back up to 80 in the fast lane... Guy flys up on my ass and high beams me again, pull over and BOOM another cop. WTF again. Do the same thing keep it at 65 for a little and then back up to speed, this happened one more time... I'm seriously freaked out, what the hell could be going on? a few more miles I get behind like 6-8 cop cars traveling in a pack taking up both lanes doing about 55 mph, I'm kinda scratching my head, when the 2 cop cars infront of me slow down and then lock up the brakes stopping I-5 feet infront of me, the ~4 other cops pull a pit type manouver and pull this s-10 over, seems like they ripped the door off and yank this guy out of the car. While 2 SUV cop cars come flying up the shoulders of the road.... WTF is going on, this is straight out of a movie...I sit, it clears up, traffic goes, over the next over pass I see a cop car packing stuff into his trunk(assuming spike strips), and more cops sitting on the on ramps...   I watch the news and newspapers the next few days... not a single word about it. There was easily 12 cops involved, country, state, who knows what else.
1	The reason DoTa could easily implement duplicates is because it started from Warcraft and the champs were units in Warcraft which could be duplicated and thus code had to be in place to account for this. Since LoL has had the assumption of unique champs on a team from the beginning the process of allowing multiples would require a code review of essentially the entire game.
1	I really think people need to calm down calling this change a horrible/stupid mistake on riot's end. I feel this is a change that will work out better in the long run.   Honestly, they want to make the game less farm oriented for laners but more about having choices. I wanna see more people roaming and getting kills and taking advantage of that AFK farming Karthus/Anivia/Zyra. I hate seeing pure farm lanes.   This will also allow more interaction between the lanes and greater emphasis on dragon control, and with a lot of the new jungler items we could see a lot more crazy things coming out from teams b/c of a change in gold income for laners.
1	there's no way to verify that somebody creating an account is a minor or not, plain and simple. Despite the fact that I disagree with this policy, it wouldn't be possible to enforce it or check it. I can't remember if a date of birth was asked when creating a LoL account (it's been a long time since I created mine) but even so, whoever's below 18 (assuming that this policy is in place) would just change his year of birth.
0	If she wants that...just have her"romantic sloth" you.  (
0	I'll tell you my secret, in an anecdote from just after I finished college:   My younger cousins parents were going through a nasty divorce.  He was living with us that summer while his parents got their shit together.  I took him out with me whenever I went to hang with friends or party.   Near the end of summer my cousin said this "John, no offense but; you are not the best looking guy in the world.  How do you always have these hot girls all over you?"   The answer is amazingly simple.  Be confident, be funny and be nice.  Even ugly guys like be can get hot girls if you are not afraid to talk to them.  Treat them like people, not objects and generally just try to have fun.  I think the having fun part is most important.  Don't try to pick up girls, just wherever you are have a good time, bring your own party.  Don't be afraid to look dumb.  Look dumb every chance you get.  Tell terrible jokes, laugh at yourself, laugh with others.   Maybe I have an advantage because overall I'm a VERY positive person.  When someone asks me "How are you today?"  The answer is always "AWESOME!  How are you?"
1	I don't really see a problem. It is just a surrender box with colours. All you are doing is jumping on the season 3 patch hate train.
1	I agree with you in most of what you said. The problem I see is that football players now that they will get "banned" for doing shit and behaving like douches.   We dont know if IWDominate knew that he can get banned from professional gaming. He knew that his account may get permabanned but that is his personal problem.   Imho its right to ban players from professional games if they act like IWDominate did but you should get a warning like: "Hey IWDominate change your behaviour or we will ban you from the professional scene".
1	It's definately a good step to "clean up" in high elo territory for once, especially when players get money from Riot to be a professional gamer and represent their game.   On the other hand though, the times I've seen IWD on streams he wasn't doing anything out of the ordinary. There's joking trash talking in almost all games and since the introduction of the Tribunal everybody has grown really thin-skinned.   Now I don't say that what he did was right but a year long ban is also a grave punishment for somebody who relies on tournament earnings (aka pro players). Being probably 10 years above the age of the average league player I don't really get upset about flaming (which seems to be what IWD has been banned for); everyone has bad games/days every now and then and of course, you only hear about the bad ones on the Tribunal.   On the other hand you have players like Dyrus who troll and feed on purpose (on a stream with 10k viewers no less) or just afk/ragequit games. As a player I'd rather have somebody on my team who's raging at me for making a mistake (nobody rages at somebody for no reason to be honest) than somebody who's actively working for the other team to win. Of course, we won't see any punishment for Dyrus though because Riot loves TSM for some reason (also inb4 fanboy downvotes).
1	I will start by stating I have been a Riot supporter since day 1, starting with beta and introducing many many people to the game. I truly have believed in what riot's mission has been thus far.   However, Riot did destroy his league career. You think LoL will be around as the most competitive game for another 5 years? Think again, this year is the single most important year to date, and will determine whether this is a feasible approach to eSports professional gaming. Of which IWD has put in substantial time and effort in helping develop the pro scene to this point as he has been a part of it for an extensive amount of time.   Gaming has, and always will be full of gamers. Since the beginning of gaming, people get hyped/emotional/jabber mouthed/etc. when things do not go as intended. This ranges from a 2 year old to a 50 year old.   I have not been punished by the tribunal on any of my accounts, ever. However from the start of tribunal being implemented in the way it is, it started off being a GREAT idea, and quickly was realized that not all god ideas are implemented properly.   This was the start, since first time since playing this game over 3 years ago that I have been disappointed with Riot. And this very harsh implementation only leaves me with a taste in my mouth that riot is pushing more towards catering to its masses (not top 20% elo) players, just as WoW did in its beginning after Blackwing lair I believe it was called. They made everything easy mode and more accessible to the casual gamer and continued to do so from what I've been told.   I see this game doing the same thing in a different way, punishing players by perma-banning is already excessive considering the amount of time and money put in by the individual. This in itself is trying to change the nature of online gaming, competitive gamers as I stated above have historically had a raging nature. That is why they are playing a PURELY PVP based game.   The root disruption of the game in my opinion is not typing ragers, you have plenty of options if your feelings are hurt by keystrokes. The biggest problem is people who do not communicate in team select/afk-ragequitter's. This disrupts the game the most, I have had plenty of ragers in my games and there is a mute button for each player in the game that any moron can figure out. If your feelings are hurt so much in a competitive environment I suggest you stick to candyland because regardless of Riot's stance on this, this behavior towards less skilled players will be in EVERY competitive style game til the end of gaming. The best players, want to win.
0	sigh  you're right.  I obviously would suggest things like disclaimer saying "are you having legal issues? Then get a lawyer!  this is not a law office, it's the internet!", probably a disclaimer regarding jurisdictions, and one of the rules should be "do not ask questions about a legal problem you are having, if that is the case, find a lawyer.  This subreddit is for discussing legalities in an academic sense."   regarding identity, I've yet to find a solution to that with  anything  that is online.  Obviously it would require people to generally try to be honest, work based on reputation, and generally be good rather than dishonest.   But, as I said, you're right, it would be something of a nightmare to manage.   Goodness knows the discussion of the legal precedent and the relevance of the cultural moral climates at the time when those precedents arose and the current climes is part of what interests me most about the subject.  Threads would explode into massive walls of text, miles high, with
0	Sorry, but that show is terrible. In characterization, it's insulting in the way it constantly portrays these nerds as sexist, arrogant and spineless, introverted, socially and emotionally inept (all have Mommy issues, all seem "virginal", all are prepubescent in behavior, all have the same fandoms, the same dislikes). I'm fine with laughing at these silly stereotypes, but no one challenges their labels, no one actually shows they are a multidimensional character in this story--they all merely follow their typical archetype. And so, there's no character development, no one changes and nothing ever happens because everyone is the same vapid and insulting stereotype.     What really disturbed me the most, however, was the lack of tact the writers took in forming Raj's character. Not only were they unable to write an inoffensive stereotype as they fall into these same ugly patterns I mentioned above... but they do it while dealing with the sensitive subject of presenting the only character who's a racial minority (assuming that Howard isn't racially or ethnically Jewish). I mean, come on. Raj's plights, his aspirations and accomplishments, are ignored even when they are clumsily introduced as center points of the plot. These writers can't seem to even write one serious episode that explores its characters, but this is much worse. It's like these writers can't even plan one episode about Raj, even to just mock and humiliate him exclusively, like they can for Sheldon or Howard or Leonard. Raj is never the center of a storyline, ever, even when he is supposed to be the joke of the episode, and therefore fails the most out of the entire character cast...which says a LOT.
0	I didn't realize it wasn't popular either.  A lot of people are saying that it's because they feel insulted because apparently the show is making fun of nerds...I think if you're getting mad that it's making fun of nerds, you're either not nerdy enough or you don't realize that the cool part about being a nerd is that you don't have to care what people think because you're probably better than they are anyway...I play WoW, I use alternate operating systems, I'm a CS major, I show up to parties at the time they're supposed to start, and I can get really obsessive about how things need to be and when I'm interested in something I'll get really fixated on it...I don't think the show is insulting at all...I actually relate to it a lot.
0	And here I was thinking I was the only person who actually despised Big Bang Theory. Part of it is I don't like the humor. The only show with a laugh-track I've ever really liked was Seinfeld. Friends... was nothing compared to Whose Line, though I loved the opening theme song. I also don't like how the show portrays smart dudes as being either assholes or social impotents (though that may be jumping to conclusions). I guess I just have different taste in humor is all. I'm a man who demands exquisite writing and I feel BBT just rapes my ears with forced stale humor.
0	When that amendment was written, the arms that they were talking about legitimately empowered citizens to stand up against governments.  Groups of armed citizens could pose a legitimate existential threat to a rouge government.   That simply isnt true now.  If [theoretical situation] the US government went rogue, started oppressing its people, you'd be hardly better off with the guns that we do allow than with a knife and some rocks to throw--the military's capabilities have simply outstretched where handheld firearms can really keep them in check.   And you dont infringe on my rights, but the government does all the time, in ways that I think are justified and good.  Look at free speech--yes I have the right to speak, unless the words that I say cause harm to other people in a concrete way.  I cannot incite specific violence, I cannot speek with the intention of causing panic, etc.  None of that is mentioned in the first amendment--it is the result of reasonable people applying a philosophical and abstract 'right' to a concrete and complicated world.  Rights are not absolute--in many cases we are balancing rights and interests, and based on the ramifications of different policies have to decide on the best way to do so.   My overarching point is that very few people believe that there should be no regulations on who can own what kind of gun--nobody thinks I should be able to keep a nuke and a tank in my back yard.  So we are already drawing somewhat arbitrary lines: this is OK, this isnt.  We have already admitted that the right is not absolute.  And I dont think that there is inherently anything magical about where the line is drawn right now--read up on the history of how it came to be, all the political infighting etc over many decades and I think you'll have to agree.  With that in mind, it seems entirely reasonable to ask the question of where that line would ideally be drawn.  And I think that given the violent proclivities of some of our citizens, making it harder to get at weapons can only be a good thing.   Something I should clarify too--a lot of people respond to the above by saying 'oh but they're nuts, they're still going to try to kill people.'  I agree with that--I dont think we'll actually be able to reduce the number of attacks.  But with incidents like Sandy Hook, Columbine, etc, it seems like these guys go on killing people at a certain rate until the cops show up and either plug them or force them to plug themselves.  I think the response rate is probably pretty constant.  So if we can reduce the rate at which they can kill people, we'll save lives.  The school stabbing in china is a great example of this--yes, the guy didnt have a gun and still attacked.  But nobody is dead.  Can you tell me that would be the case if he had had an AK instead of a Bowie?
0	no thanks and can i ask you something? where are your balls?
0	Here's why gun control won't work.   First of all, I love guns. They're fun to shoot. However, if we could rid society 100% of guns, I would definitely be in support of it.   But there lies the problem in American society. You will never come CLOSE to achieving 100% gun prohibition. I know it's impossible even for the strictest of countries, but in the USA, a complete ban will result in a lot of "secret" guns being owned.     We have lived in a gun culture since day 1. Fuck - Our CONSTITUTION  defines rules about gun ownership. Now, I believe that the original individual rights were pro-gun because of the general lawlessness that was feared in a post-colonial America, in addition to being able to defend against repeated attacks from Britain.     236 years of Gun ownership means that there exists historically many legally-owned unregistered firearms, many of which still work, or can be reconditioned to work. If you outlaw firearms, then most of these will exist.     "If you outlaw guns, then only outlaws will own them." I only half agree with this; many outlaws simply steal guns from law-abiding citizens - therefore, if you banned guns, they wouldn't get them. HOWEVER, the US has a massive balance of trade problem (we import way too much), and as a result, more containers come to port than we can scan. Criminals are crafty - they operate where there is need in the market - that need will be illegal firearm importing.     You will eliminate any chance of people being able to defend themselves against a government that decides to eliminate its constitutional limitations. I know this probably is unlikely, and therefore unimportant, but historically, there have been events that could have been prevented with private citizen gun ownership. Some argue that parts of WWII and similar ethnic cleansing tragedies could have been prevented this way.     Police simply won't step in. Police are better investigators than anything - they simply don't stop murders, and crimes from happening. They collect evidence and arrest after the fact. People say that our public safety officers will protect us, but I don't feel so confident.         If we ban firearms, law-abiding citizens won't stand a chance. The number of guns existing illegally would be incredibly high - higher than in any other country that banned guns.   Unless someone can come up with a better plan to rid the country of firearms, I propose a plan that will be unpopular among legal firearm owners, but it will definitely address the problem.   Demand greater responsibility from firearms owners. If someone steals your gun and uses it in a murder, you share the blame even more so than what's being demanded today. I realize that this is irrelevant in last week's massacre (the gun owner was murdered herself), but it WOULD fix a lot of the problem. After a few high profile cases, you can bet that everyone who wants to keep their firearms will invest in a safe of some sort.
1	When i began maining ADCs i played vayne, because when you've mastered here, shes more rewarding then any ADC. The only thing that you should keep in mind is that Vayne is bad in all-in situtations if she doesnt have ult (Pre 6). You can do amazing plays with her (1 sec invis op in TFs), also she is a "hypercarry" (Means that she will carry way better then most carrys, because of her absurd damage.)   Cait however is quite the opposite. She is really good early game because of her long range (650, most ranged ADs have 550) therefor its easy to snowball early on. However i believe she has the lowest damage lategame, someone calculated that.
1	You see darius heading your way like a bull and is followed (!) by his teammates. He is getting to you on flash + grab range - I flash   You see singed running towards you on his ult - I flash before I get flinged   You see jax setting up his stun and going into range for his jump (or flash jump) - I flash   etc.  All these above when you are out of postion and bruiser is followed by teammates. If he isnt followed just crush him, because HE is the one out of position and your teammates are closer.   Also dont take this like its the only truth - thats my style, mostly because I main no escape adc like ashe or kog
1	First of all you should have ran cleanse because they were running some strong cc. You cannot afford to get initiated on by shens taunt and be debuffed by the damage reduction or get stunned by sona or feared by nocturne. Your net , your trap and your range should be enough to keep the divers at bay. In these cases placing a trap infront of you and microing around it makes it even harder for champions like those to go on you because they will get snared ( even if noct ults he gets snared ). Choose your targets wisely at first taking precautions about what cooldowns the enemy team has on their skillset. You knew Nocturne had randuins so you should not even try to get close to him or focusing him because it would lead you to get AS debuffed. Shen on the other hand can be "ignored" after he taunts. You can probably take a couple of hits from him and still be at like 55-65% at the end of a small skirmish. The main problem would be when both of them initiate on you. They become sort of an unkillable duo flying through the air which could take you down with ease. The only way to avoid getting focused is to not grow aggro or have an escape plan. You need to stay far when the teamfights initiate so that you become less prioritized over your teammates. This makes them focus them and not you and gives you free shots at them or maybe the other carries. If they do initiate on you anyways you need to have an escape plan up your sleeve. Net over a wall or flash, go into a bush to loose sight , place some traps etc...   Edit:
1	I main mid but since I am at school, i'll respond to your questions in this thread and I can't go on my client.   (IGN: Pho Oh Three)   My s2 Elo Range(2.2k-2.8k) played with all kinds of high elo top tier people.   My S3 Elo(2k+)   Generally in lower tier Elo range, Eve can stomp really well because in lower tier, lanes do not use pink wards to stop Eve ganks and would not have the game knowledge as much as higher elo tier players.   In Higher elo, teams will use pink wards to counter your early ganks and post level 6 ganks.   And also in higher elo, most banned heroes atm are: Eve, Nunu, LeeSin, Katarina, Twisted Fate, Khaizx, Amumu, Pantheon, Shaco.   So as you get higher, you will get less chances to play Eve so start to learn more OP heroes. There are alot of OP heroes and you can't ban them all.
1	I don't think this is a very good suggestion. Not to sound like I'm one of those "exclusive" assholes per se, but I paid real money for skins that I like and want to show off.   -If Lee Sin is free, I want to play him. In champ select everyone and their mother is thinking " oh god its free week lee prepare to kick away from team ". Then loading screen pops up with the Dragon Fist splash art. While it might not mean I'm a pro at the champion I'm playing, for some one to own an expensive champion AND a skin means they are at least a bit seasoned with that champ.   -This  doesn't always hold true , but skins=skill to  SOME EXTENT . I have invested 1820 RP into Brolaf, but only after playing him for an  extremely  long time. If someone has a skin, then  logically  they plan on playing that champion for a long time/have already played them.   -I know we all know that person who buys a champion and skin with them straight away, or the people who are new to a champ and have a skin that was on sale, but the general majority of people who own skins have an idea of what they're doing with that champion. Making skins free for freeweek champs would cause unnecessary confusion while also decreasing sales. Why should I have to convince a random person that I own Lee Sin and X of his skins just because Lee is free? What if I suck at Galio but I am using Gatekeeper and I miss an ult "GG this freeweek skin but 0 skill" or "this noob says he have galio legen. skin look he missed fkin ult".   -One of the reasons I personally believe riot doesn't implement a direct skin viewer tool is because the image the skin splash has as opposed to the in-game model. I would have never bought Muay Thai Lee while knowing what the animations were, but the skin came out, I happen to be a Lee main, and I wanted to own all his skins (plus the splash looks really good).
1	Hi Leo!   My name is also Leo and I'm also from Brazil :O I played a few months from 1-30 and silver in ranked on the NA server and transferred to BR during the second wave of free transfers.   Personally, I know the NA server has a lot of trolls and flamers I just feel the BR ones are more passionate. They use VERY colorful language and would actually be pretty witty if they weren't so angry all the time. BRs tend to lose their cool faster and it is really annoying to deal with, but don't think other servers don't have people like this too.   Best way to deal with it is play with friends (add Barten01 if you ever wanna play on the BR server) and mute anyone who tries to ruin your game.   I am speaking from experience on the NA and BR servers but I'm 100% this applies to EU, Asia, and any other servers out there.
1	Just looking at it right off the bat (didn't read through it but skimmed through) some format-like changes would make the guide much more appealing and easier to read.   In some parts it seems that you've forgotten how to separate long posts into paragraphs. In the areas where it looks like you have paragraphs there is no space between and just makes the guide harder to read. Quite frankly I kinda say "no thanks, not reading that" because it looks like a massive wall of text.
1	If its boring, don't watch.   I actually love watching asian teams, just because how much better they are than the rest, the bar is set higher, so if you want to win the money prize, get better, take the game serious and just practice more. If they can do it, anybody else can. The only thing asians do different is that they take the game serious, because it is how they make a living. The other regions seems to not take it too serious, they can make a living of streaming so they don't put too much effort on actually winning tournaments.
1	Ok, I haven't seen anybody else do this, but this is my "standard" >combo every single time I use thresh.   >Basically it drags enemy towards you, drags them a SECOND time >towards you, AND THEN you dash to be behind them, and you can E >them towards your ADC even more! >You can press your Q and hit someone to drag them, then walk >backwards to drag them again, immediately after that you CAN press Q >after you've dragged them and you can dash on them, it will dash you >to the place were you originally grabbed them from, so you will >actually be behind them, you can then push them forward (because >your infront of them) with your E.   >I hope this makes sense, please try it!   >
1	This. I've been doing this since the first day Thresh came out, and it drastically increases the amount of time you have a person under your control.  Why not utilise the two pulls of the chain before flying to them, then knock them back with Flay? Ofc, there are times and places where you just wanna fly to them ASAP to save someone or initiate, but it's all up to judgement.
1	Actually, the buggy thing is that her 3rd Q cast slams the ground instantly, and the animation of Riven doing a front flip comes later, what isn't supposed to happen. And also when you want to do 3rd Q and fast W, it feels delayed as fuck.
1	If there's players out there good enough to go pro, they'll go pro regardless of gender; just because it hasn't happened yet doesn't mean that it never will.   From memory, the LoL infographic about players showed that over 90% of LoL players are  male , meaning less than 10% are female. That 10% include girls who only play for fun and have no interest in the ranked scene, only play occasionally and what-not.   Personally I'd rather not have it rushed just because people think it's unfair that the pro scene is currently fully male. Rushing things could (keyword:  could  ) result in having someone who isn't as dedicated to playing, lets down their team and/or gets the community into a position of thinking that girls can't play at a pro level.
1	From what I've been playing with it seems as if the people who you are playing with/against are a prime determining factor in how many points you receive.  I am currently a silver 5 but when I play with some gold friends they all complain about getting 10-15 points from a win while I get 20-30 league points. I played with a few bronze friends later and I was the one getting a few points, and then after an afk for a loss, I lost a huge chunk of points. The reason I lost so many points is from losing to people with such a lower hidden matchmaking rating.
