1	Didn't they lose 6 games in a row? Just because you're close for some of the games doesn't mean that you're not a lot weaker than that team. I  love  Arkansas razorbacks football. 2 years (i think) we lost to Alabama and LSU by a field goal that we missed from less than 40 yards. This year we lost to Alabam 52-0. Our team isnt' young and we we're ranked 8. Our quarterback did get injured against UL monroe, but that doesn't make up 49 points.
0	I'm warning for a wall of text here.   Actually there's quite a good explanation for this phenomenon. This is what we in marketing call branding. That is the creation of a brand. A brand in turn is "A person, name, term, design, symbol, or any other feature that identifies one seller's good or service as distinct from those of other sellers." This is according to the american marketing association. Now in this case it has to do with personal branding.   Rein, Kotler and Stoller (1987) define a celebrity as as ”A person whose name has attention-getting, interest-riveting, profit generating value”. By using a celebrity for endorsement in campaigns you can achieve something called co-branding. That means that the name of a celebrity is used to endorse a particular politician or party. This is the same as what Nike for example does with Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods for example. They use their names, big names in their particular fields, to endorse endorse different kinds of products to give them more exposure.   Say that you want to sell a shoe. If you see two ads, one with just the shoe and one with Michael Jordan (or whatever celebrity you know of) you are by more or less always going to pay more attention to the one with the celebrity.   Alright so now we've covered the basics. Now we are coming to word of mouth or as we are here online we are talking about word of mouse. Because of the nature of politics, by that I mean that it's an area which very few people actually know that much about and the information can be ambiguous, they look to so called opinion leaders. These opinion leaders can be more or less anyone. For example Steven Colbert, Bill O'Riley,Engadget, Ray W Johnson or what ever ... someone people look to for some kind of information they are too lazy to find out themselves and which give them the information they think they need.   Now say that you know jack shit about politics and you are ha huge fan of Madonna, then you'll most probably think that Madonna probably is on to something. So instead of finding stuff out yourself you vote like Madonna, because you "know" Madonna and you like her, so she's probably right. That means that Madonna is your opinion leader in this case. Same goes for basically all other brands, both for intangible and tangible "products".   I could probably continue writing about this stuff all day but I think you get the picture from this.
1	Because spinning axe is a massive damage buff(percent based damage buff that applies his passive dot), even at rank one. Because he can use the spell once and keep the buff for an extended amount of time, and even re-apply.  Because asking for a massive damage increase that can't be countered and doesn't expire after a set time is like asking for Corki's rockets to home in on the nearest low heath champion and deal true damage.
1	I agree, and feel like TRM...may or may not get a lot of unnecessary hate on Reddit a lot of the time (not that everyone doesn't, but still). He wears his emotions on his sleeve like a lot of people do, Oce is a good example, and is another of the players either loved of hated on a every other day basis.   Being emotional isn't always a bad thing either, and there are people like that in every part of life. NBA fans either else love or hate Kevin Garnett, a very vocal emotional player who is generally liked by everyone on his team...and not so much by his opponents. But he has won a MVP and lead teams to titles regardless.
1	I kinda of have issue with putting blame on just one party.   Yes, I agree 154.37 (repeating, of course) % that Riot should have had booths (or at least some sort of method blocking the minimap). They offer so many positive benefits that its almost a necessity. Hell, given the chance I'd argue this with Carmac, who is against the idea of booths (just look at any IEM).   BUT looking behind you is against the rules that Riot set in place before the tournament began.  And rules is rules. You don't see guys running up and down a court in basketball not dribbling the ball because it is easier and faster that way.  You don't see American Footballers making horse-collar tackles because its a good place to get a grip - and if they do, they get penalized.   For those saying riot is just using frost as a fall guy: Redbeard posted this, and might have been skipped over, in the rulings post:   "In hindsight, the potential visibility of minimap screens for players was a mistake. Despite on-site referees, close monitoring of player cams backstage, and stage design that ensured players would have to turn more than 90 degrees to be able to catch a glimpse of the minimaps, even the possibility of unfair play was simply unacceptable. We’re taking steps to ensure the minimap screens are not visible to players."
1	tbh, I haven't seen one change the guys done that I've liked. While pulsefire might not've been his fault I didn't like it and I was gosh darn lucky to have the rp saved for months waiting for pfe to come out and they had him half price, it was cool when I got it but tbh it's like my other 5 legendaries they're really cool and I don't regret buying them but tbh pfe wasn't worth 3k rp for, 1860 rp is where he should've gone. Kog' Maw's been out for 2 years now same with anivia and corki. Kog'maw should've been 3150 ip alongside corki. Anivia is a high skill champ then put her down to 4800 ip so super newbie's don't just get her and get destroyed. I mean reducing the rp costs by less than a dollar on champions that have been out SINCE BETA! I could see if this was a champ released early this year, but...beta champs? champs we can get the digital pack for 30 bucks as a newbie and get about 45 bucks worth of champs for plus 2 skins? This guy apperently doesn't know his crap if he's experimenting with prices. You go by history, and history has shown that nobody gives a hoodah about the spread of what you get in a champ bundle, kha'zix's bundle is the same price...fine but tbh, that skin is no more different any recent 975 skin, sure it has new models and crap but so does jayce he has 2 models, udyr has 4! their skins are still 975! and people don't generally buy champs with rp unless it's the bundle or if it's on sale...yes preadopters are good they've always sold many a bundle on release I've bought a good many of them, but I don't wanna see the new guys face that gets to play this kha' zix guy on a free week 2 weeks after his bundle is gone and say "wait why does his skin cost more than the one that has the same level of detail on other champions" ppl just won't buy it and you lose people's interest in your product. It's probably why black ops 2's elite is gonna be free, NOBODY CARED TO BUY IT LAST TIME.
1	A few months ago: "Brand is SO good but his ult is too unreliable! But he would be so broken if his ult prioritized champions!" Still isn't played.   Now he needs a MS buff because he has no escapes? Anivia, Galio, Karthus, Ryze, Twisted Fate, and Zyra would like to have a word with you.
1	i know that feel bro but once in a while u will get such offers and u can actually take it... u just have to make silly-sounding offers to the peoples where they think they will win...  I once had a guy that had no clue of the game and flamed me like hell and i told him that he simply doesnt have the mindset nor the skillset to call me a bad player and i simply told him that i could crash him even if i play soraka against any champ he wants. Since i was pretty sure he isnt good enogh to know about counters and stuff. SO he agreed to soraka and picked xin in his 1v1 and i smashed his face to the ground over and over again and at the end of the game he came and said: "Okay, gg, you are a good player and i am just too bad to notice it. exactly what u said earlier on"  I was crying to see such awesome behaviour even if the most stupid players would rage and say it was luck.
1	You sound like you need to read this:   "Not fun isn't the same as anti-fun - it's an interesting distinction actually.   Think of it in positive, negative and zero terms. Fun is clearly positive. Not fun is Zero. Anti-fun is negative on that scale. Skills that fail the fun vs. anti-fun test is when one player's fun isn't really counterbalanced by the negative on the other player - And the important thing is this isn't zero-sum, suprisingly.   The subjectivity of this comes where you set your zero-point for things.   However, there are lots of things that simply aren't fun from a player perspective that is negative fun for the opponent - If for example, I made a button that lets you physically beat someone with a chair on the other side of the screen - that's not enjoyable for me - and it's very very negative for you. That's an example of a non zero-sum scenario.   As to the concern that 'anti-fun principles are hindering creativity' - well.. I'm not sure about that - you may want to ask yourself whether or not creative uniqueness is a priority for designs or not - Solid gameplay, for example, is a great goal to strive for, even if it's unoriginal.   Even though I tinker with crazy stuff all the time, I would always trade something that is solid to play rather than original/unique and mediocre."   " Do you not understand that the people doing the stunlocking and bursting are also having fun?   That statement kind of leads to the thought that having an infinite combo in a game is good design because it supposedly lets one player have an infinite amount of gratification.   Again, the measure is fun vs. anti-fun a lot of the time - Anivia's wall creates many more awesome moments than bad ones for your team - It's about ratios - And like I said before, it's a subjective point on where your zero point is.   Anti-fun is typically embodied by lock-down, shut down, or obscure-counter mechanics - They almost universally restrict and control the opponent's range of options - leading to less play overall simply because your opponent reacts less. Yes, while there will always be people who find pleasure in fighting helpless opponents who simply sit there and do  nothing  at all (see above, for the infinite case), I don't think this is gameplay we should encourage.   Chair-Beating   You're telling me that you would willingly play a game, where every so often, the opponent gets to beat you senseless with a chair? That's kind of a scary thought."
1	This all day long, i was on with my brother last night, it was his first PVP game after learning the maps and controls and such like against AI, we told everyone before hand he was new and he went Ashe, i took Pantheon and we said we were going top lane. Soon as we start two other guys went top and we got barrated with things like "little noobs go bottom" "GG guys lost already got a noob", now i'd like to state im level 15 now, and even though these guys claimed to be on Smurf accounts and were going to boss the game, they fed and the lane collapsed and they blamed it on us for being noobs even though our lane stayed strong and i ganked mid a couple of times to help out.
1	Www.solomid.net is currently  one  of the best sites to get trusty (is this how you say it ? :> ) information. Don't go to MOBAfire, it is quite unreliable but on Solomid, Guides need to be approved by the Solomid-team + TSM (a pro team) makes guides themselves.   I know that when I started playing a year ago and found out the recommended items sucked, I'd pick my champion go to a site and look up my build. You don't need to memorize it, when you need to buy something you "Alt+Tb", pick your browser screen and look what items are viable on your champion.  You can follow the standard build if you don't feel confident enough yet or you can pick more Magic resists/armor/damage (depends on if you are losing/winning lane) in the items that are selected as 'good' for your chosen champion. Either way is better than following recommended and if you do just follow the standard builds, don't worry. The longer you play, the more confident you'll get in picking what items are the best in what situation.
1	Dude i have a smurf as well, and I dislike those lvl 30 being rude and stuff to you real noobs (nothing offending) Theyre like OMG noob stop feeding while the guy's just got 50 games max. Hate that cause you can't learn from that. And actually I found out that most lvl 10-15 players I play with are lvl 30 smurfs, and that shocks me. Ofcourse i'm trollin people at those game, getting strange picks, AP ashe and stuff, and I still carry cause I know the mechanics, but i'm sick of people here to rape noobs, and raging flaming at their teamates.
1	I just want to say that: I just made a new smurf account so that I could get a new account to try ranked with, without tainting my main.   When I chose the initial skill level, I selected the easiest one because I figured that would match me against the most people.   What I have found is that 7 out of 10 people in my matches (myself included) are all smurfing. People are building double GP10, warding, using shurelya's, randuins and aegis.   I must say that there are a few people that have been absofuckinglutely retarded, but most people that  aren't  smurfing seem to be picking up the game a  lot  faster than I did because of people being helpful for honor points.   That being said, if you're a new player and your teammate explains last-hitting, build advice, and the point that boots are a must-have item, and you do not listen, you are going to be in for a rough time.
1	Yeah, but at least they are absolutely terrible. You'll catch up eventually, just ignore them.   Real smurfs are only there to play with their friends, and will rarely rage at you because they actually know what they are doing and will not rely on team mates to do the same. They feel bad when they stomp too hard, and will usually apologize or try hard not to rub it in people's faces or go out of their way to steal kills from team mates   Bad smurfs will get angry at every mistake you do, use terms like "meta" or "counter jungle" to try to confuse you and to make themselves look cool, and then get angry when you couldn't tryhard as hard as them. They will get angry at team mates saying "gg noob team" at end of the game. They will usually lose because they are unable to adapt to lower level playstyles and will get stomped because they try to conform to "high elo play tactics" while playing againts level 5's.
1	although i may be a rare case, i do get flamed at quite often for being a smurf on my level 16 account because i rage at people for not doing things that are very simple like freezing the lane and farming, although this is my main account. I do enjoy having smurfs in my team, even if they rage, because at least what they are saying holds value and they are actually helping the team win instead of simply complaining that the jungler or players nearby that doesnt save you and blame your death on them when it is your fault in the first place for running across half the map for that kill
1	Don't sweat it, man. I'm a fairly decent player and recently made a new account on BR server for ping reasons. You would not believe the amount of flame I get even though I always score positive.   Assholes  People smurfing believe they're incredibly good even though they probably don't get a good grasp on the game yet.   Yes, that includes me and almost every smurf, that's why I never flame and nor should anyone. Try to give constructive advice and just enjoy the game.   [
0	This contradicts my 3 tickets this year and a half.     behind a school bus in a school zone, they said I was going 10mph faster than the bus I was directly behind     On my 17th birthday the speedzone was changing from a 25mph to a 35mph and I was on the last block of the 25mph zone, got pulled over for going 30mph     My tail light was out and I was on my way to the hardware store in town to get a new bulb, I used my hand signals and still got pulled over and they gave me a 124$ ticket for that one.
0	Something crazier happened to me. I was driving back from a Modest Mouse show around midnight and since I live in a smaller town, the highway was empty and you can see anyone coming from either direction easily.   I decided that since I'd never been 100 mph in my shitty little 98 camry, now's the time! So I start getting up to around 85 and there is this car following me, keeping pace as I increase my speed. I get up to about 105 and this car is keeping pace. After about a minute, I slowed down to about 80 and the car whizzes passed me. It was that particular county's sheriff. I bout shit myself but he turned the opposite direction at the end.
0	I've been ticketed four times (so far) for speeding; all gifted from the California Highway Patrol. My second ticket was from a badass old-timer patrolman who told me straight out "I'm only giving tickets out for speeding today. I don't care if you don't have your license or registration, you were speeding and thats what I gotta give you a ticket for". I was going 70 in a 55 (country road). He then told me most HPs won't even "look at you twice for going 80 in a posted 65-70". As someone who has taken this to heart ever since, drives about 1200 miles a week, and a frequent weaver, I can say that 99% of the time it's absolutely true!
0	Haha no, I don't live in Virginia, and from what I know from my friends who live in the area, they aren't friendly. And, to boot, they don't like the military (SO MANY military in that area).   Just a personal opinion, but lack of education and less stringent hiring standards are a big problem with some LE departments around the country. For example, I have a graduate education, military experience, and I'm a female, and I had a difficult time getting hired in my state (in New England). If I moved back to Florida, which is where i'm originally from, you don't even need a college degree (you many need some credits, but that varies). It was the "good old boys" that patrolled, and from what I remember, there were SO MANY MORE cops in Florida then there are in New England.
0	A few years ago my gf and I were driving down I-5, just pass corvallis cut off and I'm doing 80ish in a 65, mind you its like 1am on a weekday and there is nobody out. I'm in the fast lane because I don't feel like switching lanes every mile or so for the 1 car.   Suddenly this guy flys up on my ass, and flicks his high beams at me, I look up, pull over to the slow lane and he flys past me... $#!*! that was a cop, wtf, ok i'll go 65 for a little bit... 10 minutes pass, f-it back up to 80 in the fast lane... Guy flys up on my ass and high beams me again, pull over and BOOM another cop. WTF again. Do the same thing keep it at 65 for a little and then back up to speed, this happened one more time... I'm seriously freaked out, what the hell could be going on? a few more miles I get behind like 6-8 cop cars traveling in a pack taking up both lanes doing about 55 mph, I'm kinda scratching my head, when the 2 cop cars infront of me slow down and then lock up the brakes stopping I-5 feet infront of me, the ~4 other cops pull a pit type manouver and pull this s-10 over, seems like they ripped the door off and yank this guy out of the car. While 2 SUV cop cars come flying up the shoulders of the road.... WTF is going on, this is straight out of a movie...I sit, it clears up, traffic goes, over the next over pass I see a cop car packing stuff into his trunk(assuming spike strips), and more cops sitting on the on ramps...   I watch the news and newspapers the next few days... not a single word about it. There was easily 12 cops involved, country, state, who knows what else.
1	The reason DoTa could easily implement duplicates is because it started from Warcraft and the champs were units in Warcraft which could be duplicated and thus code had to be in place to account for this. Since LoL has had the assumption of unique champs on a team from the beginning the process of allowing multiples would require a code review of essentially the entire game.
1	I really think people need to calm down calling this change a horrible/stupid mistake on riot's end. I feel this is a change that will work out better in the long run.   Honestly, they want to make the game less farm oriented for laners but more about having choices. I wanna see more people roaming and getting kills and taking advantage of that AFK farming Karthus/Anivia/Zyra. I hate seeing pure farm lanes.   This will also allow more interaction between the lanes and greater emphasis on dragon control, and with a lot of the new jungler items we could see a lot more crazy things coming out from teams b/c of a change in gold income for laners.
1	there's no way to verify that somebody creating an account is a minor or not, plain and simple. Despite the fact that I disagree with this policy, it wouldn't be possible to enforce it or check it. I can't remember if a date of birth was asked when creating a LoL account (it's been a long time since I created mine) but even so, whoever's below 18 (assuming that this policy is in place) would just change his year of birth.
0	If she wants that...just have her"romantic sloth" you.  (
0	I'll tell you my secret, in an anecdote from just after I finished college:   My younger cousins parents were going through a nasty divorce.  He was living with us that summer while his parents got their shit together.  I took him out with me whenever I went to hang with friends or party.   Near the end of summer my cousin said this "John, no offense but; you are not the best looking guy in the world.  How do you always have these hot girls all over you?"   The answer is amazingly simple.  Be confident, be funny and be nice.  Even ugly guys like be can get hot girls if you are not afraid to talk to them.  Treat them like people, not objects and generally just try to have fun.  I think the having fun part is most important.  Don't try to pick up girls, just wherever you are have a good time, bring your own party.  Don't be afraid to look dumb.  Look dumb every chance you get.  Tell terrible jokes, laugh at yourself, laugh with others.   Maybe I have an advantage because overall I'm a VERY positive person.  When someone asks me "How are you today?"  The answer is always "AWESOME!  How are you?"
1	I don't really see a problem. It is just a surrender box with colours. All you are doing is jumping on the season 3 patch hate train.
1	I agree with you in most of what you said. The problem I see is that football players now that they will get "banned" for doing shit and behaving like douches.   We dont know if IWDominate knew that he can get banned from professional gaming. He knew that his account may get permabanned but that is his personal problem.   Imho its right to ban players from professional games if they act like IWDominate did but you should get a warning like: "Hey IWDominate change your behaviour or we will ban you from the professional scene".
1	It's definately a good step to "clean up" in high elo territory for once, especially when players get money from Riot to be a professional gamer and represent their game.   On the other hand though, the times I've seen IWD on streams he wasn't doing anything out of the ordinary. There's joking trash talking in almost all games and since the introduction of the Tribunal everybody has grown really thin-skinned.   Now I don't say that what he did was right but a year long ban is also a grave punishment for somebody who relies on tournament earnings (aka pro players). Being probably 10 years above the age of the average league player I don't really get upset about flaming (which seems to be what IWD has been banned for); everyone has bad games/days every now and then and of course, you only hear about the bad ones on the Tribunal.   On the other hand you have players like Dyrus who troll and feed on purpose (on a stream with 10k viewers no less) or just afk/ragequit games. As a player I'd rather have somebody on my team who's raging at me for making a mistake (nobody rages at somebody for no reason to be honest) than somebody who's actively working for the other team to win. Of course, we won't see any punishment for Dyrus though because Riot loves TSM for some reason (also inb4 fanboy downvotes).
1	I will start by stating I have been a Riot supporter since day 1, starting with beta and introducing many many people to the game. I truly have believed in what riot's mission has been thus far.   However, Riot did destroy his league career. You think LoL will be around as the most competitive game for another 5 years? Think again, this year is the single most important year to date, and will determine whether this is a feasible approach to eSports professional gaming. Of which IWD has put in substantial time and effort in helping develop the pro scene to this point as he has been a part of it for an extensive amount of time.   Gaming has, and always will be full of gamers. Since the beginning of gaming, people get hyped/emotional/jabber mouthed/etc. when things do not go as intended. This ranges from a 2 year old to a 50 year old.   I have not been punished by the tribunal on any of my accounts, ever. However from the start of tribunal being implemented in the way it is, it started off being a GREAT idea, and quickly was realized that not all god ideas are implemented properly.   This was the start, since first time since playing this game over 3 years ago that I have been disappointed with Riot. And this very harsh implementation only leaves me with a taste in my mouth that riot is pushing more towards catering to its masses (not top 20% elo) players, just as WoW did in its beginning after Blackwing lair I believe it was called. They made everything easy mode and more accessible to the casual gamer and continued to do so from what I've been told.   I see this game doing the same thing in a different way, punishing players by perma-banning is already excessive considering the amount of time and money put in by the individual. This in itself is trying to change the nature of online gaming, competitive gamers as I stated above have historically had a raging nature. That is why they are playing a PURELY PVP based game.   The root disruption of the game in my opinion is not typing ragers, you have plenty of options if your feelings are hurt by keystrokes. The biggest problem is people who do not communicate in team select/afk-ragequitter's. This disrupts the game the most, I have had plenty of ragers in my games and there is a mute button for each player in the game that any moron can figure out. If your feelings are hurt so much in a competitive environment I suggest you stick to candyland because regardless of Riot's stance on this, this behavior towards less skilled players will be in EVERY competitive style game til the end of gaming. The best players, want to win.
0	sigh  you're right.  I obviously would suggest things like disclaimer saying "are you having legal issues? Then get a lawyer!  this is not a law office, it's the internet!", probably a disclaimer regarding jurisdictions, and one of the rules should be "do not ask questions about a legal problem you are having, if that is the case, find a lawyer.  This subreddit is for discussing legalities in an academic sense."   regarding identity, I've yet to find a solution to that with  anything  that is online.  Obviously it would require people to generally try to be honest, work based on reputation, and generally be good rather than dishonest.   But, as I said, you're right, it would be something of a nightmare to manage.   Goodness knows the discussion of the legal precedent and the relevance of the cultural moral climates at the time when those precedents arose and the current climes is part of what interests me most about the subject.  Threads would explode into massive walls of text, miles high, with
0	Sorry, but that show is terrible. In characterization, it's insulting in the way it constantly portrays these nerds as sexist, arrogant and spineless, introverted, socially and emotionally inept (all have Mommy issues, all seem "virginal", all are prepubescent in behavior, all have the same fandoms, the same dislikes). I'm fine with laughing at these silly stereotypes, but no one challenges their labels, no one actually shows they are a multidimensional character in this story--they all merely follow their typical archetype. And so, there's no character development, no one changes and nothing ever happens because everyone is the same vapid and insulting stereotype.     What really disturbed me the most, however, was the lack of tact the writers took in forming Raj's character. Not only were they unable to write an inoffensive stereotype as they fall into these same ugly patterns I mentioned above... but they do it while dealing with the sensitive subject of presenting the only character who's a racial minority (assuming that Howard isn't racially or ethnically Jewish). I mean, come on. Raj's plights, his aspirations and accomplishments, are ignored even when they are clumsily introduced as center points of the plot. These writers can't seem to even write one serious episode that explores its characters, but this is much worse. It's like these writers can't even plan one episode about Raj, even to just mock and humiliate him exclusively, like they can for Sheldon or Howard or Leonard. Raj is never the center of a storyline, ever, even when he is supposed to be the joke of the episode, and therefore fails the most out of the entire character cast...which says a LOT.
0	I didn't realize it wasn't popular either.  A lot of people are saying that it's because they feel insulted because apparently the show is making fun of nerds...I think if you're getting mad that it's making fun of nerds, you're either not nerdy enough or you don't realize that the cool part about being a nerd is that you don't have to care what people think because you're probably better than they are anyway...I play WoW, I use alternate operating systems, I'm a CS major, I show up to parties at the time they're supposed to start, and I can get really obsessive about how things need to be and when I'm interested in something I'll get really fixated on it...I don't think the show is insulting at all...I actually relate to it a lot.
0	And here I was thinking I was the only person who actually despised Big Bang Theory. Part of it is I don't like the humor. The only show with a laugh-track I've ever really liked was Seinfeld. Friends... was nothing compared to Whose Line, though I loved the opening theme song. I also don't like how the show portrays smart dudes as being either assholes or social impotents (though that may be jumping to conclusions). I guess I just have different taste in humor is all. I'm a man who demands exquisite writing and I feel BBT just rapes my ears with forced stale humor.
0	When that amendment was written, the arms that they were talking about legitimately empowered citizens to stand up against governments.  Groups of armed citizens could pose a legitimate existential threat to a rouge government.   That simply isnt true now.  If [theoretical situation] the US government went rogue, started oppressing its people, you'd be hardly better off with the guns that we do allow than with a knife and some rocks to throw--the military's capabilities have simply outstretched where handheld firearms can really keep them in check.   And you dont infringe on my rights, but the government does all the time, in ways that I think are justified and good.  Look at free speech--yes I have the right to speak, unless the words that I say cause harm to other people in a concrete way.  I cannot incite specific violence, I cannot speek with the intention of causing panic, etc.  None of that is mentioned in the first amendment--it is the result of reasonable people applying a philosophical and abstract 'right' to a concrete and complicated world.  Rights are not absolute--in many cases we are balancing rights and interests, and based on the ramifications of different policies have to decide on the best way to do so.   My overarching point is that very few people believe that there should be no regulations on who can own what kind of gun--nobody thinks I should be able to keep a nuke and a tank in my back yard.  So we are already drawing somewhat arbitrary lines: this is OK, this isnt.  We have already admitted that the right is not absolute.  And I dont think that there is inherently anything magical about where the line is drawn right now--read up on the history of how it came to be, all the political infighting etc over many decades and I think you'll have to agree.  With that in mind, it seems entirely reasonable to ask the question of where that line would ideally be drawn.  And I think that given the violent proclivities of some of our citizens, making it harder to get at weapons can only be a good thing.   Something I should clarify too--a lot of people respond to the above by saying 'oh but they're nuts, they're still going to try to kill people.'  I agree with that--I dont think we'll actually be able to reduce the number of attacks.  But with incidents like Sandy Hook, Columbine, etc, it seems like these guys go on killing people at a certain rate until the cops show up and either plug them or force them to plug themselves.  I think the response rate is probably pretty constant.  So if we can reduce the rate at which they can kill people, we'll save lives.  The school stabbing in china is a great example of this--yes, the guy didnt have a gun and still attacked.  But nobody is dead.  Can you tell me that would be the case if he had had an AK instead of a Bowie?
0	no thanks and can i ask you something? where are your balls?
0	Here's why gun control won't work.   First of all, I love guns. They're fun to shoot. However, if we could rid society 100% of guns, I would definitely be in support of it.   But there lies the problem in American society. You will never come CLOSE to achieving 100% gun prohibition. I know it's impossible even for the strictest of countries, but in the USA, a complete ban will result in a lot of "secret" guns being owned.     We have lived in a gun culture since day 1. Fuck - Our CONSTITUTION  defines rules about gun ownership. Now, I believe that the original individual rights were pro-gun because of the general lawlessness that was feared in a post-colonial America, in addition to being able to defend against repeated attacks from Britain.     236 years of Gun ownership means that there exists historically many legally-owned unregistered firearms, many of which still work, or can be reconditioned to work. If you outlaw firearms, then most of these will exist.     "If you outlaw guns, then only outlaws will own them." I only half agree with this; many outlaws simply steal guns from law-abiding citizens - therefore, if you banned guns, they wouldn't get them. HOWEVER, the US has a massive balance of trade problem (we import way too much), and as a result, more containers come to port than we can scan. Criminals are crafty - they operate where there is need in the market - that need will be illegal firearm importing.     You will eliminate any chance of people being able to defend themselves against a government that decides to eliminate its constitutional limitations. I know this probably is unlikely, and therefore unimportant, but historically, there have been events that could have been prevented with private citizen gun ownership. Some argue that parts of WWII and similar ethnic cleansing tragedies could have been prevented this way.     Police simply won't step in. Police are better investigators than anything - they simply don't stop murders, and crimes from happening. They collect evidence and arrest after the fact. People say that our public safety officers will protect us, but I don't feel so confident.         If we ban firearms, law-abiding citizens won't stand a chance. The number of guns existing illegally would be incredibly high - higher than in any other country that banned guns.   Unless someone can come up with a better plan to rid the country of firearms, I propose a plan that will be unpopular among legal firearm owners, but it will definitely address the problem.   Demand greater responsibility from firearms owners. If someone steals your gun and uses it in a murder, you share the blame even more so than what's being demanded today. I realize that this is irrelevant in last week's massacre (the gun owner was murdered herself), but it WOULD fix a lot of the problem. After a few high profile cases, you can bet that everyone who wants to keep their firearms will invest in a safe of some sort.
1	When i began maining ADCs i played vayne, because when you've mastered here, shes more rewarding then any ADC. The only thing that you should keep in mind is that Vayne is bad in all-in situtations if she doesnt have ult (Pre 6). You can do amazing plays with her (1 sec invis op in TFs), also she is a "hypercarry" (Means that she will carry way better then most carrys, because of her absurd damage.)   Cait however is quite the opposite. She is really good early game because of her long range (650, most ranged ADs have 550) therefor its easy to snowball early on. However i believe she has the lowest damage lategame, someone calculated that.
1	You see darius heading your way like a bull and is followed (!) by his teammates. He is getting to you on flash + grab range - I flash   You see singed running towards you on his ult - I flash before I get flinged   You see jax setting up his stun and going into range for his jump (or flash jump) - I flash   etc.  All these above when you are out of postion and bruiser is followed by teammates. If he isnt followed just crush him, because HE is the one out of position and your teammates are closer.   Also dont take this like its the only truth - thats my style, mostly because I main no escape adc like ashe or kog
1	First of all you should have ran cleanse because they were running some strong cc. You cannot afford to get initiated on by shens taunt and be debuffed by the damage reduction or get stunned by sona or feared by nocturne. Your net , your trap and your range should be enough to keep the divers at bay. In these cases placing a trap infront of you and microing around it makes it even harder for champions like those to go on you because they will get snared ( even if noct ults he gets snared ). Choose your targets wisely at first taking precautions about what cooldowns the enemy team has on their skillset. You knew Nocturne had randuins so you should not even try to get close to him or focusing him because it would lead you to get AS debuffed. Shen on the other hand can be "ignored" after he taunts. You can probably take a couple of hits from him and still be at like 55-65% at the end of a small skirmish. The main problem would be when both of them initiate on you. They become sort of an unkillable duo flying through the air which could take you down with ease. The only way to avoid getting focused is to not grow aggro or have an escape plan. You need to stay far when the teamfights initiate so that you become less prioritized over your teammates. This makes them focus them and not you and gives you free shots at them or maybe the other carries. If they do initiate on you anyways you need to have an escape plan up your sleeve. Net over a wall or flash, go into a bush to loose sight , place some traps etc...   Edit:
1	I main mid but since I am at school, i'll respond to your questions in this thread and I can't go on my client.   (IGN: Pho Oh Three)   My s2 Elo Range(2.2k-2.8k) played with all kinds of high elo top tier people.   My S3 Elo(2k+)   Generally in lower tier Elo range, Eve can stomp really well because in lower tier, lanes do not use pink wards to stop Eve ganks and would not have the game knowledge as much as higher elo tier players.   In Higher elo, teams will use pink wards to counter your early ganks and post level 6 ganks.   And also in higher elo, most banned heroes atm are: Eve, Nunu, LeeSin, Katarina, Twisted Fate, Khaizx, Amumu, Pantheon, Shaco.   So as you get higher, you will get less chances to play Eve so start to learn more OP heroes. There are alot of OP heroes and you can't ban them all.
1	I don't think this is a very good suggestion. Not to sound like I'm one of those "exclusive" assholes per se, but I paid real money for skins that I like and want to show off.   -If Lee Sin is free, I want to play him. In champ select everyone and their mother is thinking " oh god its free week lee prepare to kick away from team ". Then loading screen pops up with the Dragon Fist splash art. While it might not mean I'm a pro at the champion I'm playing, for some one to own an expensive champion AND a skin means they are at least a bit seasoned with that champ.   -This  doesn't always hold true , but skins=skill to  SOME EXTENT . I have invested 1820 RP into Brolaf, but only after playing him for an  extremely  long time. If someone has a skin, then  logically  they plan on playing that champion for a long time/have already played them.   -I know we all know that person who buys a champion and skin with them straight away, or the people who are new to a champ and have a skin that was on sale, but the general majority of people who own skins have an idea of what they're doing with that champion. Making skins free for freeweek champs would cause unnecessary confusion while also decreasing sales. Why should I have to convince a random person that I own Lee Sin and X of his skins just because Lee is free? What if I suck at Galio but I am using Gatekeeper and I miss an ult "GG this freeweek skin but 0 skill" or "this noob says he have galio legen. skin look he missed fkin ult".   -One of the reasons I personally believe riot doesn't implement a direct skin viewer tool is because the image the skin splash has as opposed to the in-game model. I would have never bought Muay Thai Lee while knowing what the animations were, but the skin came out, I happen to be a Lee main, and I wanted to own all his skins (plus the splash looks really good).
1	Hi Leo!   My name is also Leo and I'm also from Brazil :O I played a few months from 1-30 and silver in ranked on the NA server and transferred to BR during the second wave of free transfers.   Personally, I know the NA server has a lot of trolls and flamers I just feel the BR ones are more passionate. They use VERY colorful language and would actually be pretty witty if they weren't so angry all the time. BRs tend to lose their cool faster and it is really annoying to deal with, but don't think other servers don't have people like this too.   Best way to deal with it is play with friends (add Barten01 if you ever wanna play on the BR server) and mute anyone who tries to ruin your game.   I am speaking from experience on the NA and BR servers but I'm 100% this applies to EU, Asia, and any other servers out there.
1	Just looking at it right off the bat (didn't read through it but skimmed through) some format-like changes would make the guide much more appealing and easier to read.   In some parts it seems that you've forgotten how to separate long posts into paragraphs. In the areas where it looks like you have paragraphs there is no space between and just makes the guide harder to read. Quite frankly I kinda say "no thanks, not reading that" because it looks like a massive wall of text.
1	If its boring, don't watch.   I actually love watching asian teams, just because how much better they are than the rest, the bar is set higher, so if you want to win the money prize, get better, take the game serious and just practice more. If they can do it, anybody else can. The only thing asians do different is that they take the game serious, because it is how they make a living. The other regions seems to not take it too serious, they can make a living of streaming so they don't put too much effort on actually winning tournaments.
1	Ok, I haven't seen anybody else do this, but this is my "standard" >combo every single time I use thresh.   >Basically it drags enemy towards you, drags them a SECOND time >towards you, AND THEN you dash to be behind them, and you can E >them towards your ADC even more! >You can press your Q and hit someone to drag them, then walk >backwards to drag them again, immediately after that you CAN press Q >after you've dragged them and you can dash on them, it will dash you >to the place were you originally grabbed them from, so you will >actually be behind them, you can then push them forward (because >your infront of them) with your E.   >I hope this makes sense, please try it!   >
1	This. I've been doing this since the first day Thresh came out, and it drastically increases the amount of time you have a person under your control.  Why not utilise the two pulls of the chain before flying to them, then knock them back with Flay? Ofc, there are times and places where you just wanna fly to them ASAP to save someone or initiate, but it's all up to judgement.
1	Actually, the buggy thing is that her 3rd Q cast slams the ground instantly, and the animation of Riven doing a front flip comes later, what isn't supposed to happen. And also when you want to do 3rd Q and fast W, it feels delayed as fuck.
1	If there's players out there good enough to go pro, they'll go pro regardless of gender; just because it hasn't happened yet doesn't mean that it never will.   From memory, the LoL infographic about players showed that over 90% of LoL players are  male , meaning less than 10% are female. That 10% include girls who only play for fun and have no interest in the ranked scene, only play occasionally and what-not.   Personally I'd rather not have it rushed just because people think it's unfair that the pro scene is currently fully male. Rushing things could (keyword:  could  ) result in having someone who isn't as dedicated to playing, lets down their team and/or gets the community into a position of thinking that girls can't play at a pro level.
1	From what I've been playing with it seems as if the people who you are playing with/against are a prime determining factor in how many points you receive.  I am currently a silver 5 but when I play with some gold friends they all complain about getting 10-15 points from a win while I get 20-30 league points. I played with a few bronze friends later and I was the one getting a few points, and then after an afk for a loss, I lost a huge chunk of points. The reason I lost so many points is from losing to people with such a lower hidden matchmaking rating.
1	Actually I wasn't being condescending to OP,  I was mearly stating that he was proud of his achievement and wanted to show it to reddit rather than  it being informative like the title would suggest.
0	When I was young, maybe around 7 or 8, I entered a department store with my mother there was, what I thought to be a mannequin at the front. It was wearing a NIKE windbreaker but some of the letters over the breast were creased over and I couldnt read it. Curious, I reached up to flatten the lettering out. Turns out it was a woman. She wasn't pleased.
0	Oh god. This instantly reminded me of my afternoon poop at work a few days ago. I went in the empty bathroom, three stalls. Within a minute of starting the bathroom door opens. I just figured I'd wait it out like I normally do. Well, it happens to be a mother and her daughter. The daughter gets into the stall and is obviously pooping. The mother, standing outside the stalls is giving the daughter words of encouragement. "Go Sofie! You can do it Sofie! How you doing girl?" "Still pooping mom! Plenty to go!" meanwhile, I've finished and am horrified in the next stall over. 15 minutes later...they left. I went back to work with a look of fear.
1	Muramana is a great item on Ryze, anyone can tell you. Iceborn gauntlet is not an item I like building early on. Ryze like any other mage will also land auto attacks in teamfights if he isn't pressured so the slow can be useful, but the damage on the iceborn gauntlet proc is barely noticible. The two items (muramana and iceborn gauntlet) don't actually synergize since the iceborn gauntlet adds 1.25x your base ad, so not the bonus ad gained from muramana. Compared to frozen heart it gives slightly more mana and it gives ap in exchange for less armour and no active and less cdr. So it's worth upgrading your glacial shroud to gauntlet up if you're already CDR capped and you don't need the attack speed slow, but I wouldn't get it until you've got all your other items, since it's so damn expensive (it's like a 2k upgrade cost from glacial shroud).
0	Dude, I did the exact same thing!  Funny thing is, I know my wife uses reddit and now she might find out... She will be pissed.
1	Tried giving a tip once, will probably not attempt again.   We're about to win the game, and their 2-13 Heimer started complaining about all the slow my Rumble had. I simply suggested "Heimer, next time if you want try to build for a rylai's, it'll give you some nice slow"   His Response: "stfu I know how to play my champ blahblahblahblah" My Retort: "ok"
0	A yorkie showed up in my front yard.   I put up signs and checked with local vets and the police department, but noone came looking for him. At that point, they guessed him about 8-10 years old. When guesses put him at 14-16 years old, I had bonded with no animal in my life more profoundly than JD. The last couple years were a constant state of worry. It was when he started losing his teeth that I got worried. It was when he lost his first canine that I started panicing.   Unfortunately, my advise for current elderly dog owners would be, you'll know. Odds are it wont blindside you (well, it will, but not how you think). He was such a crazy, high energy, little thing that I figured he'd go out like a light bulb. One minute jumping around like he always did. Next stroked out dead.   Nope, one day he just decided he wasn't going to eat anymore. Being a yorkie (stubborn eaters), I had been through it and didn't cater to his denial for food for 3 days. Then I caved and got him a new brand hoping to get his attention. Then I tried going to the go to what got him eating when I first found him, lunch meat. After a week, I got desperate and got a baby syringe and started feeding him meat based baby foods.   I was unemployed at the time. It was horrible. I basically just laid with him and died with him. It was 2 or 3 weeks of spending my full days laying with him, trying to force feed him some baby food every 2 to 3 hours, watching him waste away, hoping as hard as I could that he would just eat something on his own again. It got to the point where he would get up and try to walk to his dog house, and would only be able to take a step or 2 before he collapsed. After this back and forth, him trying to get to his dog house, but not being able to make it, me picking him back up and bringing him back to the couch, I tried to feed him again and he immediately threw the food back up. It looked and sounded painful.   I had been wrestling with the thought, but that was the moment I thought "I need to call the vet". I couldn't compose myself enough to make the call, so my wife called a local mobile vet for us. I took him into his backyard, and he had a burst of energy (I think he knew) he hadn't had in weeks. Strong enough to walk half the length of the back yard to his favorite spot. He surveyed his yard from his favorite spot, hobbled back over to me, and collapsed on the ground. I picked him up, brought him back inside, and the vet arrived...   summation in the form of a
0	You will get over that. I am 23, never had an official GF, and am currently with an interested girl, though we are not in an official relationship yet. Our feelings are mutual, but we both agree this is not a good time for a relationship. We are both very busy college students, I am a student-teacher getting my license/degree, and she is studying nursing. We both want to commit when we both have the time that each other deserves to commit to each other.   Once in a while the thought of making an official commitment, especially with never having really done it before, scares me to death. What if someone else better is out there? I came to my sense a while back thanks to an article that I cannot remember the source osf at the moment. I am not aware of your religious persuasion, but I am a Christian, and an online article really did it for me.   The
0	I am going through this now. Its definitely not that we don't love each other. For me it seems to be a few things, a lot of stress at work, being exhausted as a result makes it actually unappealing to have sex; It's just so much work to make her happy, where 5 minutes and an internet connection is easy.  I wouldn't say she has 'let herself go' but she isn't the same girl as before figure wise and that plays some role, as well as a little bit of boredom and what i like to call "grass is greener syndrome". But ultimately 90% of the issue is me, I work in a pretty sedentary desk job and for the last couple of years have been really lazy, now I am blessed with good genes and high metabolism so looking at me you'd never know i sit on my ass 90% of my awake hours looking at a screen. But mentally I felt like shit, recently started hitting the gym again 3 times a week and the results have been awesome, sex life is returning and I even have her starting to want to get active and get her figure back.   Wow that got long
0	I put in 5 years at Office Depot as a part-timer.  The first 2 years were fine for me because I was still in school and part time was all I could handle.  After I got out of school I told them I wanted a full time position.  The boss said there were none available at the time, but he'd take care of me and promised I could get one after it becomes available.   Cut to 3 years later and I was still working part time there.  Looking back I should have left A LOT sooner than I did.  I had applied to a few jobs over the course of those 3 years, but never seriously sought after better employment thinking that Office Depot would surely hook me soon since I had been with them so long.   There was a small incident at work and tensions were high enough that it pushed me over the edge and I ended up quitting.  Sure, it wasn't the smartest thing to do considering I hadn't found another job, but I worked for Depot till I literally couldn't stand it a moment longer.   It turned out to be a blessing in disguise.  I began spreading out my resume and applications to lots of different places, but after speaking with management it wasn't looking too good for any of them.   After about a month out of work I was a day away from going to pizza hut because I knew they needed drivers.  I lucked out and got a call from a security company I had applied for.  They wanted to hire me to work a temp job for a power plant while it was in an outage phase.  The good news was that I was getting 60+ hours a week at a good payrate.  My first paycheck was 3-4 times what I had made in an entire month at office depot.   Things have been going so well with them that they decided to keep me and offered me a permanent job.
1	anyone remeber the thread about clear titles? he could have even just put the
1	Another thing he said which really made me change my perception on losses: "The season is  really  long, like it's almost a year. You're in no rush".   This has led me to not care all too much about losses, and focus on improving my game in general. I realised that I can't win every single game, it's just not possible. So I focus on the next game and move on. Before anyone perceives this in the wrong way, I still care about winning - I just don't get frustrated if games go badly.   This is something everyone should be aware of. Having this mindset will make you pay more attention to improving, since you shift attention from getting frustrated. I.e. Instead of "fuuuuck I died crap crap crap, now i lose LP", it's more like "Hm, well we lost this teamfight, checking their dmg output is this I need to get this item, we should splitpush etc." Instead of having a destructive mindset you have a constructive one.
0	Please, karma is and account age is pointless.  I periodically start a new account.  Always cracks me up when someone tries to win an argument or support for his side by saying "account's only ## months old"  I was probably using Reddit more than a year before any one of these guys.
1	CLG will go 0-3 and liftlift will be replaced by Choax after the second game, with Hotshotgg moving from Top lane, to Mid lane, to ADC by the third game. Aphromoo will have plenty of presence in the lane by playing Leona in every game and continually feeding the ADC double kills only to have the ADC get blown up by season 3 strats left exposed by archaic season 2 mechanics from CLG. After the game BigFatLP will give an interview in which he officially announces that EG has returned as CLG.EU and the entire TPA lineup will be subbing for CLG.NA in the next week of the NA LCS. Meanwhile CLG's website will go down and come back up as a preview website for "The Next Big Thing in MOBA Gaming, Counter Intuitive Gaming" with a JPG of Xpeke's Kassadin backdooring for the win.
1	The more games you play then the variability of having bad teammates or even good teammates (luck of the draw) approaches zero and your skill will be the determining factor that shines through. It is the same way with poker and even sports.   Would you rather go a game to 21 with a pro basketball player for $100,000 or just 1 point? Obviously the 1 point as  anything  can happen in one point.   So if you play enough games then stuff like this becomes trivial and you will get through bronze because you are a good enough player not because you are getting carried or you can't make it because of silver V trolls.
1	Yes, there is already a solution for this problem. THE TRIBUNAL. It's very rare that anyone gets banned enough from bad games to make it to the tribunal and even more rare that the tribunal bans them. Keep in mind the people in the tribunal are the bottom like 10% of players so as "everyone" is reporting feeding games it evens out and not many of those feeders make it down there. And to those who do, I've found the tribunal is generally quite fair in their decision making. They aren't going to report someone just because they went negative but rather look at chat and build.
0	Do NOT do this. He spent  wayyyy  too long in the fatal funnel. Slice your pie as far back from your corner as is practical, roll out when necessary (but don't step and roll out), and EXPLODE through the doorway. Do not put your weapon in a "cover" mode (i.e. position sul, high ready, low ready), have it ready to shoot at a target in your blind spot (in this video, 90 degrees left) IMMEDIATELY.
0	Not crazy.  Absolutely not.   I grew up in rural Iowa and gun safety was taught in the home.   I was not allowed to point even toy guns at people as a little kid and was taught the safety rules for firearms before I was ten.   I have noticed a lot of "city" people in this country have absolutely no exposure to responsible gun culture.   Their only experience with firearms is the violence they see on TV.   So I do not think you are crazy for thinking someone should need some formal training to own a firearm.  We are crazy as a society for thinking the right to bear arms can be divorced from the responsibility to ensure that every citizen understands the basic safety rules of firearms handling.
1	Remember some of my games as xerath. i played him pretty ok for the first 30 matches. ok k/d. regular flash/ignite. nothing special. Then when i got better i decided to switch out ignite cause i usually wasnt in range for it anyways depending on the enemy mid pick. I picked tp - people flamed. I picked cleanse - people flamed. I picked barrier - people told me to use ignite. (in most of the games i were fed btw. or at least won my mid). Then i started using cv. Why not? My biggest problem were that the enemy junglers always ganked me and my map awarness was too bad so i took cause whenever it was up i could help my team with vision or simply know if the enemy jungler is coming to kill me and also i would learn to watch at my minimap more often. Used it 3 times. got 10/3 in like every game. Carried everygame. "Report Xerath for Troll Summoner Spells" at the end of every single game.
1	I just finished a game with trollpick trynd bot for adc, because he felt like it and "normal is for fun". In which universe fun is feeding the whole game and leaving the lane, so that other adc could get fed?   Am i mad? Yea, i am, because i play mostly normals, and i play them seriously - to win and learn the game, not to waste my time, because someone likes to "have fun". Do not play team games if you like that kind of play - go "have fun" in FPS or RTS games, where you can play 1v1, and when you want to lose intentionally, because you "feel" like playing that champ and when there's 99% chance that you will get outpicked, you can lose without annoying others.
1	I agree that people should be allowed to play what they want, but at least be competent, if you want to dick around with crappy champions, go do customs or bots, in normals you should at least be adequate with the champion you want to play, or else you are just bringing down the experience of the other people on your team. Despite that, sometimes people are just being tools, I was just in a game where I was duoqueueing bot with someone, and some other guys were duoqueueing too, and they wanted to double jungle, wouldn't listen to me when I told them it was a bad idea (three solos, less xp, etc etc). And eventually they only switched when I told them I was staying in a duo (I had already locked in thresh) so unless they wanted to leave top open all game they would switch. Regardless, they blamed me for every little thing, and would not join in teamfights all game. So yeah.
1	The main reason Amumu (and similar champs) faceroll bronze is that nobody knows how to recognize all but the hardest of initiations.  They win because they can actually start fights on out of position targets; for starters, in Bronze at least one person is out of position somewhere on the map at any given time, so you can always get your team fed.  As well, few people are dense enough to be eluded by "big mummy ult means I go in" when compared to less obvious spells.
1	Honestly, there is no such thing as a 'troll-pick'. What many, if not most of the League of Legends community does, is follow the meta; most players play with the set conventional play styles (e.g. 1, 1, 2 lanes, 2v1 lanes). What most people fail to realize is that the meta is not written in stone; there is no set way to play this game. Now, correct me if I'm wrong, but the meta is only designed to give you the best chance of winning the game. And the meta  changes . If people rage/flame at you for picking a bruiser bot-lane, remember that some (I can't remember who) pro players have predicted bruiser bot-lanes in the pre-season of Season 3. The OP is right, LoL is a game (obviously) and it is a sand-box type game, albeit 3 maps and limited options. Sand-box means that  everything  you do within the game is perfectly fine. However, this is only in the perspective of oneself. This game is a team game, so your game play should try and mesh with others'. But that's my own humble opinion.  My opinion is wrong, fuck me right?
1	Back when Evelyn just got a rework everyone was complaining that she was still terrible.   Well, I happened to watch some LoL tournament where a guy (Shooshie? Shushi? Some chubby white european guy with black hair) was claiming that she's an amazing mid. Well, he played Eve, and even though his team lost miserably, he consistently did decent with her despite the rest of his team getting destroyed.   So I buy her and try her out. Holy. Shit. She was AMAZING at mid! Literally every game I was stomping. Very easy to play, good farm, great ganks, tiny learning curve.   But every time people would throw a shitstorm at me for trying to go Eve mid. I'm a troll, I'm an idiot, I'm going to feed, no you're not allowed to pick her, etc.   Every game I had a ridiculously good record. Every mid was won, nearly all games were won because my ganks were so unfair. Yet every time I played with new people they'd give me the same grief.   So run whatever the hell you want. 99% of people will assume X champ is good/bad solely on how often they're played in pro tournaments. People don't realize, however, that they're picking based on team comps, counterpicks, the meta, etc, and most of this has little to no value to an average solo q player. And sometimes the pros don't realize something is good! Ezreal was untouched for like a year before "suddenly" he was overpowered and everyone played him.
1	He didn't just bring it back up after years of promising he would. When he did, he completely wiped out much of the database / forums containing private developer forums for heroes and items. Many of those champions are in League today (like Teemo.) He refused to acknowledge it even after many old DotA developers gave proof and simply said fuck you to the community again.   That's why people were pissed at him. He had stolen the ideas of many and even though he used them in his final game, he gave no credit to the people who created those ideas (something IceFrog or any other developer with respect to the community would do.)   Basically an example of the outrage from creators I am talking about:   infinitevox  >Oh thanks, THREE YEARS LATER. Oh well, now I can finally prove that I was the creator of: Teemo & Rammus > >And that your Dev team went through the DotA hero/ability/item suggestions and RAPED it for ideas for your game. Thanks so much for that. A little credit would have been nice, but instead you took the forums down so no one would know what you did, and even if they did know, they'd have no proof. > >Sad thing is, you were always nice to me. We'd play games with DevilsUrethra, ReposoEternal, GranDgrant, and a slew of other fun folks. Then you turned feral on us when you decided to make LoL. > >As petty as it may seem, some of us TDA and DotA1 Beta members know everything you actually did and have a long memory. There are a handful of us that know exactly how hard you really did try and screw Ice, and how hard you screwed us TDA/Beta members over. Now that we finally have access to the archives, we have the proof we need. > >Most people think you're a dick now, just wait till we start plastering the screenshots of the old forums where you plundered and pillaged our ideas and hard work for your game, and gave no credit or love back in return.   He took down one of the biggest gaming forums with a HUGE community (maybe more than this subreddit) just so he could have another source of inspiration just by grabbing whatever ideas other people had.
1	I only take issue in ranked, or if someone picks a champion for a role that doesn't fit. Jax support, Nami top, w/e. Certain champions have exceptionally low win rates, and that's where problems arise. I can't know if someone specializes in a champion, and that brings a risk to me when I'm committing my time and ratings to this game. I don't report if they do well, but I will report if in spite of them failing we win. That said, I do understand many people specialize in certain champions that may be alternative to the current meta (I recently played with a VERY good Shyvana, who had a 22-4 win rate with her), and I respect that, but I have to have some way of knowing that is the case.
1	that's hilarious bc i just played a game where i didn't ban malphite right bc everybody knows there are much higher priority bans. So this guy flames that i didn't ban malphite, then picks zed instead of an ap champ. then he proceeds to die to malphite and those are malph's only two kills in the whole game. meanwhile i go 8-2 as graves and rape malphite and the rest of his team. at the end of the game zed says he was the best on our team and hopes i learn to ban malphite bc he's so op.
1	This is a bit of human nature, because humans are narrow-minded. Most people especially on lower ELOs tend to just copy things they saw on stream and have a pretty straight mindset, which tells what is good and what is bad, how you have to play. Those people tend not to accept other oppinions that are out of the general consense. If you take a closer look you will see that in Real Life aswell. Especially regarding LoL in my oppinion there is no such things as Troll-Picks, of course there are things that wont work (e.g. if you try to play Karthus as an AD Carry), but even those very niche things might work if you catch enemies of guard. Most people just cannot accept something odd, that is not proven quite yet, because its just easier to stick to the usual stuff. Also people raging about odd Picks or even Bans (leaving Amumu open for example) will loose a lot more games than if they would just accept that someone wants to play something odd and probably even know what they are doing or just trying something entirely new. Best Example for this to me is Support Elise because hands-down after release of Elise people would have raged if you pick her up as Support and nowadays you see her at a really high niveau.
1	In normals you can play whatever you want but in ranked you better not be fp'ing that shaco or picking him into their tanky/aoe team. That is tantamount intentional feeding as your pick has made every teamfight a 4v5. Ranked is about winning and if you are not picking the champ that gives you the greatest chance to win you are doing it wrong.
1	LP gains are based on the MMR (elo) distance to next promotion series.   Player 1 @ Silver 1 has 1600 MMR, 70 LP.   Player 2 @ Silver 1 has 1500 MMR, 90 LP.   Gold 5 is 1550 MMR.   Player 1 wins a game and gains 30 LP -> enters series. He already had the MMR needed for promotion series so the system really wants him there.   Player 2 wins a game and gains 3 LP, is now at 1515 MMR of the 1550 needed for series. Distance to series 35 MMR, but only 7 LP. Next games will be worth the around the same 3 LP for wins. Losses can be like -15 LP, but it doesn't mean much.   The weak LP gains like player 2 has are common in division 1 of any league. That's because the MMR distance between leagues is greater than the distance between divisions within the league. Only at Diamond 1 the LP truly shows the distance to promotion series I think.
0	Adapting" is a much more objective approach than "being oneself" would be. As a person like OP, when I socialize with others I'll likely feel apathetic about everything they have to say, but I'll mimic enthusiasm/ interest/disdain/etc. to you know, fit in or whatever. Now I know everybody does this to an extent, but in my experience it has gotten to a point that I do this with everyone all the time, even my family. I'm well liked amongst many different cliques and social groups, but I don't feel close to anyone really. Every interest that I've developed over the years has been tailored to impress others, every mannerism artificial and changeable. Being a good liar really helps this too.
0	It's extremely hard to "be yourself" in situations and social groups that don't engage you. You may notice that the people who are extremely loud and obnoxious seem to have everyone flock to them, but it's mainly because they are basically throwing their arms in the air, exposing their personality to anyone willing to listen. It gives most people the sort of ice breaker he/she needs to find someone to gravitate to:  loud person (lets call this person Bill for simplicity's sake) Bill appreciates quiet person Sue (again, only for simplicity) because Sue is willing to listen and empathize with Bill; Sue appreciates Bill because Bill fills the void, makes the jokes laughs when Sue makes the occasional joke and is generally good company. While this works, if    Bill stays this goofball who keeps the spotlight firmly on himself and doesn't try to engage with Sue, then Sue will develop this hollow feeling because Bill is not letting her express herself and it will seem like any remark Bill says, Sue agrees with because Sue won't be showing any form of expression aside from embarrassment.  In the meantime, Sue cannot simply leave Bill to engage her because that is forcing Bill to combat a problem that is not being brought to his attention, denying this makes it worse three-fold AT MINIMUM. Wallflowers must voice their opinion as well, for complaining that no one engages them simply begs the question why they haven't engaged others: the answers will be strikingly similar.   This example happens in many different aspects, even family. A way to combat this tense nature: Sue invites Bill to things roughly as often as Bill invites Sue. By making Bill the guest and Sue the host, it gives Sue this established presence that she is the host, which welcomes Bill into her life, it gives Bill a chance to meet on Sue's terms instead of vice versa.
0	Amazing. I had that epiphany in High School. Now, I put myself first. I have to like myself, and don't compromise on that. It means I lose a lot of friends, but the ones who stay are great. I like "nerdy" things and embrace it. I'm a pseudo-intellectual. I enjoy mental math. I like cars, a lot. There are things I don't know, and that's okay.   It can be a problem though when I do things to entertain myself in public (like dancing when I'm bored) and my girlfriend is mortified because to her, social acceptance is  everything , but to me, I don't care. If moving like a goof makes me happy, I'll do it. And that's why I don't get dragged out shopping anymore.
0	It has nothing to do with boobs and everything to do with people being overly PC pussies. It's not just the pictures, I've seen NSFW tag on DISCUSSION threads. If you need to be told when a topic may not be appropriate for work, you will probably do some dumb-fuck move to get yourself fired anyway.   The real problem is reddit catering to the politically correct, easily offended culture. I am so goddamn tired of hearing how offensive something is, or how offended a group of people are; get right the fuck over it and move on and keep your bullshit to yourself. Being offended doesn't entitle you to anything and you should be treated like a whiny child since you are acting like one.
1	Swain enthusiast here, just dropping in to point out that Karthus E does more damage than Swain's ult (even on an optimal number of targets - 3 or less) coupled with the fact that without Karthus's passive Swain can't itemise for heavy AP like Karthus can.
1	As as an avid thresh player I approve this idea.
0	I think it's a great idea. After my last major breakup, I was in a borderline depressed state for months until I got my first dog. Although I do recommend adopting one that's at least a year or two old, possibly older. That way you're past the shit all over the house phase and more likely past the destroy all your shoes/furniture phase. Dogs are definitely a responsibility and in many aspects resemble having a human child, so get any big traveling out of the way first.
0	This sounds scarily familiar, shit. I watched all this girl's friends abandon her while she played the victim, acted like it was their fault she couldn't keep any friends, that she was the unfortunate soul in all of this. We were friends for years, even dated for a while, broke up on good terms, stayed close friends. I didn't realize just how badly she treated me.   One summer, she started talking about how much she hated her current boyfriend, how she was annoyed how much he was trying to contact her (they were home from college over the summer and couldn't see each other). She was ignoring his calls and bitching to me the whole time. This guy was the closest friend she'd had since me, he was a total doormat. When school started back up again she was suddenly buddy-buddy with him again because he was the only person who would tolerate her shit. I started to realize all her closest friends had the personality type that rolls over and takes shit without fighting back, and realized that included me. A few months later she was bitching to me about all her new college friends not agreeing with her on the tiniest things and talking about how they'd started to abandon her.   Ending that was the most liberating thing. I'd tried really hard to avoid it, to get her to understand, but  an emotional manipulator will always be one.  There's a fucking reason no one else would stay friends with her.
0	Congratulations!   I did this quite a while ago to a very close friend who I was living with at the time in a dorm room. She was very controlling toward me and the rest of our mutual friends. We fought often because I wouldn't take her unsolicited advice and wouldn't tell her all the details of my past or present.  She actually said to me that "we could no longer be friends if I wouldn't tell her everything." This was in regards to me hanging out with a guy from class and not being back in the room right away.   Finally there was just some ridiculous fight and I snapped. It was like someone turned off a light switch on caring about her at all. I just didn't care anymore. I did not give a fuck about her anymore and just stopped interacting. I didn't fight with her anymore, and I didn't go along with her ways of apologizing. I would simply say something like "No thank you" or "I'm busy."   Best decision I ever made. I was so much happier after I cut her out of my life.
1	wtf are you idiots trashtalking a nice person who tries to help some people that maybe actually want his help and even if theyre on the same level like u suggested they can still learn from each other so stop trashtalking nice   guys in the league of legends community
0	Professional appointments, job, and classes (25 y/o professional student) I manage to squeak by on time.  Just about everything else is up in they air and I view them as all having a thirty minute leeway for being late.   My rationale is that there aren't many social obligations where being on time matters unless plans are time contingent (eg, movie, going on a trip). Also, the people/groups that normally stress making it to something on time never offer repercussions for tardiness, everything always just continues as planned. Really stopped giving it much importance after I realized authority figures kind of just throw the word "mandatory" around for anything they want without much meaning behind it.   As for my few friends that are really anal about time, yeah it bugs them but it also allows for some balancing for both of us: I'm around to make sure they don't become anymore of a tight-ass and they keep me from becoming an even more irresponsible dick.   Balance.
1	As an avid thresh player I approve this skin.
0	It's because the banana with frosting looks like rediculously attractive/photogenic marathon runner pic that was on the front page a while ago. The hair was slicked and he was smiling, as I'm sure everyone imagines the banana to be doing with the frosting hair when imagining it as a person with eyes, and shit.
0	I just got done with one of these characters. I am not a touchy person and made this very clear from the beginning, but this guy insisted on hugging me every 5 minutes. So, that was the first thing that turned me off. The second was his femininity, this guy was just so damn nice. He agreed with everything I said, so it made it quite difficult to hold a conversation with him. I told him he was too nice, and he said "I'm sorry." We had sex and he couldn't stop thanking me, so much so that I started feeling extremely uncomfortable about having sex with him.   I finally get to the point where I decide that I just don't really like him and cannot put up with these conditions. I told him that I wasn't interested in him and let him know. He starts texting me all crazy saying he was going to come over and I don't text him back. Sure as shit, he came over. He knocked on my door and scared the hell out of me. I didn't think he was actually going to come over. So I tell him that he needs to leave because he was not invited here. It wasn't until I answered the door with my USMC NCO sword that he finally left.   Fast forward about a week later, I am hitting up my friends with benefits for a little [somethin' somethin']( and dude text me to see what I was up to. I got a text from the friends with benefits so I went to that one first. Somehow as I was typing my phone switched to the ex's text instead. My text that was a little NSFW got sent to my ex instead, who states that he was going to come over. I learned my lesson last time, so I told him that he needed to stay wherever he was at. Now he gets mad at me because I am talking to another person behind his back, after I had broken it off with him.   Finally got rid of him after about two weeks of plain ignoring him. So yeah, over attached boyfriends are out there, and they are just as crazy as women. I have had my fair share of overly attached girlfriends as well, they are equally as awful and I do not wish that upon my own worst enemy.
1	Guys- Regarding video vs. text:   More than likely Travis provided George the questions ahead of time, and let him take his time coming up with detailed answers; a video interview would have been great, but the answers we got would not have been as fully-developed / honest / truthful, and probably based more in emotion than fact.   HotShot's desire with this interview was to explain the decision and clear out concerns/questions fans might have. With a video interview, the answers are off-the-cuff / not as well-thought-out, so that might not have been possible.   Being able to able to step back and write out his responses let HotShot say what needed to be said in-full / as much as he can on the roster changes.
1	They're not always trying to abuse the system.   They just fall for silly scams.   Most people just assume that because someone on their friend-list sent them the link, it must be legit. Even though there have been people getting hacked and saying "i got sent this link from someone on my friend-list".   It's literally mainly down to people clicking links without reading them, or after they've opened the link they just glance at it, see it looks vaguely like the official LoL website and wants them to log-in, and then just try to login without even thinking about it.   Most people want an authenticator, because then it's there to wipe their ass for them so they don't have to bother thinking or paying attention.
0	That sounds wonderful. I'm not saying that you don't HAVE to spend a lot, since you obviously found it appropriate to find something beautiful for her, and you found it at a good price.
0	I agree.
1	This could be the greatest thing to ever happen to you.   You have so much talent when it comes to this game and, if you practice your face off, you could be a potential pro player or at least on a challenger team. However, all of the shit you have stirred up in the community over the past few months with the boosting, the bitching, and the questionable stream content has made a lot of people lose faith in you. Now, and rightly so, you are banned from playing this game on the aforementioned accounts.   Use this banning as a way to start fresh. Make a new account, get it to 30, buy some champs, and push diamond/challenger like you've done so many times. None of this is hard for you, and I think if you just started fresh and cleaned your reputation off a little bit on both streams and on forums, you could be a great addition to the community.
1	A lot of you guys seem to be hating on him for what he's done in the past, the thing is he payed his dues. He was banned, in fact he turned HIMSELF in. The point of being banned is to make "Even" for what you have done. With the "Proof" he has provided he seems to have been banned for no reason or for a reason that doesn't deserve as Perm ban. I get that he has done shit in the past, in fact I used to hate XJ9 (Also, most of the other boosters pissed me off too.) But he's apologized for doing that by turning himself in, took the punishment and moved on. His stream has changed from what I have seen, he seems to be a far less toxic person, isn't that the point of being banned is to make them less toxic. He's not a terrible person and I feel as though this ban was unjust.
