1	Didn't they lose 6 games in a row? Just because you're close for some of the games doesn't mean that you're not a lot weaker than that team. I  love  Arkansas razorbacks football. 2 years (i think) we lost to Alabama and LSU by a field goal that we missed from less than 40 yards. This year we lost to Alabam 52-0. Our team isnt' young and we we're ranked 8. Our quarterback did get injured against UL monroe, but that doesn't make up 49 points.
0	I'm warning for a wall of text here.   Actually there's quite a good explanation for this phenomenon. This is what we in marketing call branding. That is the creation of a brand. A brand in turn is "A person, name, term, design, symbol, or any other feature that identifies one seller's good or service as distinct from those of other sellers." This is according to the american marketing association. Now in this case it has to do with personal branding.   Rein, Kotler and Stoller (1987) define a celebrity as as ”A person whose name has attention-getting, interest-riveting, profit generating value”. By using a celebrity for endorsement in campaigns you can achieve something called co-branding. That means that the name of a celebrity is used to endorse a particular politician or party. This is the same as what Nike for example does with Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods for example. They use their names, big names in their particular fields, to endorse endorse different kinds of products to give them more exposure.   Say that you want to sell a shoe. If you see two ads, one with just the shoe and one with Michael Jordan (or whatever celebrity you know of) you are by more or less always going to pay more attention to the one with the celebrity.   Alright so now we've covered the basics. Now we are coming to word of mouth or as we are here online we are talking about word of mouse. Because of the nature of politics, by that I mean that it's an area which very few people actually know that much about and the information can be ambiguous, they look to so called opinion leaders. These opinion leaders can be more or less anyone. For example Steven Colbert, Bill O'Riley,Engadget, Ray W Johnson or what ever ... someone people look to for some kind of information they are too lazy to find out themselves and which give them the information they think they need.   Now say that you know jack shit about politics and you are ha huge fan of Madonna, then you'll most probably think that Madonna probably is on to something. So instead of finding stuff out yourself you vote like Madonna, because you "know" Madonna and you like her, so she's probably right. That means that Madonna is your opinion leader in this case. Same goes for basically all other brands, both for intangible and tangible "products".   I could probably continue writing about this stuff all day but I think you get the picture from this.
1	Because spinning axe is a massive damage buff(percent based damage buff that applies his passive dot), even at rank one. Because he can use the spell once and keep the buff for an extended amount of time, and even re-apply.  Because asking for a massive damage increase that can't be countered and doesn't expire after a set time is like asking for Corki's rockets to home in on the nearest low heath champion and deal true damage.
1	I agree, and feel like TRM...may or may not get a lot of unnecessary hate on Reddit a lot of the time (not that everyone doesn't, but still). He wears his emotions on his sleeve like a lot of people do, Oce is a good example, and is another of the players either loved of hated on a every other day basis.   Being emotional isn't always a bad thing either, and there are people like that in every part of life. NBA fans either else love or hate Kevin Garnett, a very vocal emotional player who is generally liked by everyone on his team...and not so much by his opponents. But he has won a MVP and lead teams to titles regardless.
1	I kinda of have issue with putting blame on just one party.   Yes, I agree 154.37 (repeating, of course) % that Riot should have had booths (or at least some sort of method blocking the minimap). They offer so many positive benefits that its almost a necessity. Hell, given the chance I'd argue this with Carmac, who is against the idea of booths (just look at any IEM).   BUT looking behind you is against the rules that Riot set in place before the tournament began.  And rules is rules. You don't see guys running up and down a court in basketball not dribbling the ball because it is easier and faster that way.  You don't see American Footballers making horse-collar tackles because its a good place to get a grip - and if they do, they get penalized.   For those saying riot is just using frost as a fall guy: Redbeard posted this, and might have been skipped over, in the rulings post:   "In hindsight, the potential visibility of minimap screens for players was a mistake. Despite on-site referees, close monitoring of player cams backstage, and stage design that ensured players would have to turn more than 90 degrees to be able to catch a glimpse of the minimaps, even the possibility of unfair play was simply unacceptable. We’re taking steps to ensure the minimap screens are not visible to players."
1	tbh, I haven't seen one change the guys done that I've liked. While pulsefire might not've been his fault I didn't like it and I was gosh darn lucky to have the rp saved for months waiting for pfe to come out and they had him half price, it was cool when I got it but tbh it's like my other 5 legendaries they're really cool and I don't regret buying them but tbh pfe wasn't worth 3k rp for, 1860 rp is where he should've gone. Kog' Maw's been out for 2 years now same with anivia and corki. Kog'maw should've been 3150 ip alongside corki. Anivia is a high skill champ then put her down to 4800 ip so super newbie's don't just get her and get destroyed. I mean reducing the rp costs by less than a dollar on champions that have been out SINCE BETA! I could see if this was a champ released early this year, but...beta champs? champs we can get the digital pack for 30 bucks as a newbie and get about 45 bucks worth of champs for plus 2 skins? This guy apperently doesn't know his crap if he's experimenting with prices. You go by history, and history has shown that nobody gives a hoodah about the spread of what you get in a champ bundle, kha'zix's bundle is the same price...fine but tbh, that skin is no more different any recent 975 skin, sure it has new models and crap but so does jayce he has 2 models, udyr has 4! their skins are still 975! and people don't generally buy champs with rp unless it's the bundle or if it's on sale...yes preadopters are good they've always sold many a bundle on release I've bought a good many of them, but I don't wanna see the new guys face that gets to play this kha' zix guy on a free week 2 weeks after his bundle is gone and say "wait why does his skin cost more than the one that has the same level of detail on other champions" ppl just won't buy it and you lose people's interest in your product. It's probably why black ops 2's elite is gonna be free, NOBODY CARED TO BUY IT LAST TIME.
1	A few months ago: "Brand is SO good but his ult is too unreliable! But he would be so broken if his ult prioritized champions!" Still isn't played.   Now he needs a MS buff because he has no escapes? Anivia, Galio, Karthus, Ryze, Twisted Fate, and Zyra would like to have a word with you.
1	i know that feel bro but once in a while u will get such offers and u can actually take it... u just have to make silly-sounding offers to the peoples where they think they will win...  I once had a guy that had no clue of the game and flamed me like hell and i told him that he simply doesnt have the mindset nor the skillset to call me a bad player and i simply told him that i could crash him even if i play soraka against any champ he wants. Since i was pretty sure he isnt good enogh to know about counters and stuff. SO he agreed to soraka and picked xin in his 1v1 and i smashed his face to the ground over and over again and at the end of the game he came and said: "Okay, gg, you are a good player and i am just too bad to notice it. exactly what u said earlier on"  I was crying to see such awesome behaviour even if the most stupid players would rage and say it was luck.
1	You sound like you need to read this:   "Not fun isn't the same as anti-fun - it's an interesting distinction actually.   Think of it in positive, negative and zero terms. Fun is clearly positive. Not fun is Zero. Anti-fun is negative on that scale. Skills that fail the fun vs. anti-fun test is when one player's fun isn't really counterbalanced by the negative on the other player - And the important thing is this isn't zero-sum, suprisingly.   The subjectivity of this comes where you set your zero-point for things.   However, there are lots of things that simply aren't fun from a player perspective that is negative fun for the opponent - If for example, I made a button that lets you physically beat someone with a chair on the other side of the screen - that's not enjoyable for me - and it's very very negative for you. That's an example of a non zero-sum scenario.   As to the concern that 'anti-fun principles are hindering creativity' - well.. I'm not sure about that - you may want to ask yourself whether or not creative uniqueness is a priority for designs or not - Solid gameplay, for example, is a great goal to strive for, even if it's unoriginal.   Even though I tinker with crazy stuff all the time, I would always trade something that is solid to play rather than original/unique and mediocre."   " Do you not understand that the people doing the stunlocking and bursting are also having fun?   That statement kind of leads to the thought that having an infinite combo in a game is good design because it supposedly lets one player have an infinite amount of gratification.   Again, the measure is fun vs. anti-fun a lot of the time - Anivia's wall creates many more awesome moments than bad ones for your team - It's about ratios - And like I said before, it's a subjective point on where your zero point is.   Anti-fun is typically embodied by lock-down, shut down, or obscure-counter mechanics - They almost universally restrict and control the opponent's range of options - leading to less play overall simply because your opponent reacts less. Yes, while there will always be people who find pleasure in fighting helpless opponents who simply sit there and do  nothing  at all (see above, for the infinite case), I don't think this is gameplay we should encourage.   Chair-Beating   You're telling me that you would willingly play a game, where every so often, the opponent gets to beat you senseless with a chair? That's kind of a scary thought."
1	This all day long, i was on with my brother last night, it was his first PVP game after learning the maps and controls and such like against AI, we told everyone before hand he was new and he went Ashe, i took Pantheon and we said we were going top lane. Soon as we start two other guys went top and we got barrated with things like "little noobs go bottom" "GG guys lost already got a noob", now i'd like to state im level 15 now, and even though these guys claimed to be on Smurf accounts and were going to boss the game, they fed and the lane collapsed and they blamed it on us for being noobs even though our lane stayed strong and i ganked mid a couple of times to help out.
1	Www.solomid.net is currently  one  of the best sites to get trusty (is this how you say it ? :> ) information. Don't go to MOBAfire, it is quite unreliable but on Solomid, Guides need to be approved by the Solomid-team + TSM (a pro team) makes guides themselves.   I know that when I started playing a year ago and found out the recommended items sucked, I'd pick my champion go to a site and look up my build. You don't need to memorize it, when you need to buy something you "Alt+Tb", pick your browser screen and look what items are viable on your champion.  You can follow the standard build if you don't feel confident enough yet or you can pick more Magic resists/armor/damage (depends on if you are losing/winning lane) in the items that are selected as 'good' for your chosen champion. Either way is better than following recommended and if you do just follow the standard builds, don't worry. The longer you play, the more confident you'll get in picking what items are the best in what situation.
1	Dude i have a smurf as well, and I dislike those lvl 30 being rude and stuff to you real noobs (nothing offending) Theyre like OMG noob stop feeding while the guy's just got 50 games max. Hate that cause you can't learn from that. And actually I found out that most lvl 10-15 players I play with are lvl 30 smurfs, and that shocks me. Ofcourse i'm trollin people at those game, getting strange picks, AP ashe and stuff, and I still carry cause I know the mechanics, but i'm sick of people here to rape noobs, and raging flaming at their teamates.
1	I just want to say that: I just made a new smurf account so that I could get a new account to try ranked with, without tainting my main.   When I chose the initial skill level, I selected the easiest one because I figured that would match me against the most people.   What I have found is that 7 out of 10 people in my matches (myself included) are all smurfing. People are building double GP10, warding, using shurelya's, randuins and aegis.   I must say that there are a few people that have been absofuckinglutely retarded, but most people that  aren't  smurfing seem to be picking up the game a  lot  faster than I did because of people being helpful for honor points.   That being said, if you're a new player and your teammate explains last-hitting, build advice, and the point that boots are a must-have item, and you do not listen, you are going to be in for a rough time.
1	Yeah, but at least they are absolutely terrible. You'll catch up eventually, just ignore them.   Real smurfs are only there to play with their friends, and will rarely rage at you because they actually know what they are doing and will not rely on team mates to do the same. They feel bad when they stomp too hard, and will usually apologize or try hard not to rub it in people's faces or go out of their way to steal kills from team mates   Bad smurfs will get angry at every mistake you do, use terms like "meta" or "counter jungle" to try to confuse you and to make themselves look cool, and then get angry when you couldn't tryhard as hard as them. They will get angry at team mates saying "gg noob team" at end of the game. They will usually lose because they are unable to adapt to lower level playstyles and will get stomped because they try to conform to "high elo play tactics" while playing againts level 5's.
1	although i may be a rare case, i do get flamed at quite often for being a smurf on my level 16 account because i rage at people for not doing things that are very simple like freezing the lane and farming, although this is my main account. I do enjoy having smurfs in my team, even if they rage, because at least what they are saying holds value and they are actually helping the team win instead of simply complaining that the jungler or players nearby that doesnt save you and blame your death on them when it is your fault in the first place for running across half the map for that kill
1	Don't sweat it, man. I'm a fairly decent player and recently made a new account on BR server for ping reasons. You would not believe the amount of flame I get even though I always score positive.   Assholes  People smurfing believe they're incredibly good even though they probably don't get a good grasp on the game yet.   Yes, that includes me and almost every smurf, that's why I never flame and nor should anyone. Try to give constructive advice and just enjoy the game.   [
0	This contradicts my 3 tickets this year and a half.     behind a school bus in a school zone, they said I was going 10mph faster than the bus I was directly behind     On my 17th birthday the speedzone was changing from a 25mph to a 35mph and I was on the last block of the 25mph zone, got pulled over for going 30mph     My tail light was out and I was on my way to the hardware store in town to get a new bulb, I used my hand signals and still got pulled over and they gave me a 124$ ticket for that one.
0	Something crazier happened to me. I was driving back from a Modest Mouse show around midnight and since I live in a smaller town, the highway was empty and you can see anyone coming from either direction easily.   I decided that since I'd never been 100 mph in my shitty little 98 camry, now's the time! So I start getting up to around 85 and there is this car following me, keeping pace as I increase my speed. I get up to about 105 and this car is keeping pace. After about a minute, I slowed down to about 80 and the car whizzes passed me. It was that particular county's sheriff. I bout shit myself but he turned the opposite direction at the end.
0	I've been ticketed four times (so far) for speeding; all gifted from the California Highway Patrol. My second ticket was from a badass old-timer patrolman who told me straight out "I'm only giving tickets out for speeding today. I don't care if you don't have your license or registration, you were speeding and thats what I gotta give you a ticket for". I was going 70 in a 55 (country road). He then told me most HPs won't even "look at you twice for going 80 in a posted 65-70". As someone who has taken this to heart ever since, drives about 1200 miles a week, and a frequent weaver, I can say that 99% of the time it's absolutely true!
0	Haha no, I don't live in Virginia, and from what I know from my friends who live in the area, they aren't friendly. And, to boot, they don't like the military (SO MANY military in that area).   Just a personal opinion, but lack of education and less stringent hiring standards are a big problem with some LE departments around the country. For example, I have a graduate education, military experience, and I'm a female, and I had a difficult time getting hired in my state (in New England). If I moved back to Florida, which is where i'm originally from, you don't even need a college degree (you many need some credits, but that varies). It was the "good old boys" that patrolled, and from what I remember, there were SO MANY MORE cops in Florida then there are in New England.
0	A few years ago my gf and I were driving down I-5, just pass corvallis cut off and I'm doing 80ish in a 65, mind you its like 1am on a weekday and there is nobody out. I'm in the fast lane because I don't feel like switching lanes every mile or so for the 1 car.   Suddenly this guy flys up on my ass, and flicks his high beams at me, I look up, pull over to the slow lane and he flys past me... $#!*! that was a cop, wtf, ok i'll go 65 for a little bit... 10 minutes pass, f-it back up to 80 in the fast lane... Guy flys up on my ass and high beams me again, pull over and BOOM another cop. WTF again. Do the same thing keep it at 65 for a little and then back up to speed, this happened one more time... I'm seriously freaked out, what the hell could be going on? a few more miles I get behind like 6-8 cop cars traveling in a pack taking up both lanes doing about 55 mph, I'm kinda scratching my head, when the 2 cop cars infront of me slow down and then lock up the brakes stopping I-5 feet infront of me, the ~4 other cops pull a pit type manouver and pull this s-10 over, seems like they ripped the door off and yank this guy out of the car. While 2 SUV cop cars come flying up the shoulders of the road.... WTF is going on, this is straight out of a movie...I sit, it clears up, traffic goes, over the next over pass I see a cop car packing stuff into his trunk(assuming spike strips), and more cops sitting on the on ramps...   I watch the news and newspapers the next few days... not a single word about it. There was easily 12 cops involved, country, state, who knows what else.
1	The reason DoTa could easily implement duplicates is because it started from Warcraft and the champs were units in Warcraft which could be duplicated and thus code had to be in place to account for this. Since LoL has had the assumption of unique champs on a team from the beginning the process of allowing multiples would require a code review of essentially the entire game.
1	I really think people need to calm down calling this change a horrible/stupid mistake on riot's end. I feel this is a change that will work out better in the long run.   Honestly, they want to make the game less farm oriented for laners but more about having choices. I wanna see more people roaming and getting kills and taking advantage of that AFK farming Karthus/Anivia/Zyra. I hate seeing pure farm lanes.   This will also allow more interaction between the lanes and greater emphasis on dragon control, and with a lot of the new jungler items we could see a lot more crazy things coming out from teams b/c of a change in gold income for laners.
1	there's no way to verify that somebody creating an account is a minor or not, plain and simple. Despite the fact that I disagree with this policy, it wouldn't be possible to enforce it or check it. I can't remember if a date of birth was asked when creating a LoL account (it's been a long time since I created mine) but even so, whoever's below 18 (assuming that this policy is in place) would just change his year of birth.
0	If she wants that...just have her"romantic sloth" you.  (
0	I'll tell you my secret, in an anecdote from just after I finished college:   My younger cousins parents were going through a nasty divorce.  He was living with us that summer while his parents got their shit together.  I took him out with me whenever I went to hang with friends or party.   Near the end of summer my cousin said this "John, no offense but; you are not the best looking guy in the world.  How do you always have these hot girls all over you?"   The answer is amazingly simple.  Be confident, be funny and be nice.  Even ugly guys like be can get hot girls if you are not afraid to talk to them.  Treat them like people, not objects and generally just try to have fun.  I think the having fun part is most important.  Don't try to pick up girls, just wherever you are have a good time, bring your own party.  Don't be afraid to look dumb.  Look dumb every chance you get.  Tell terrible jokes, laugh at yourself, laugh with others.   Maybe I have an advantage because overall I'm a VERY positive person.  When someone asks me "How are you today?"  The answer is always "AWESOME!  How are you?"
1	I don't really see a problem. It is just a surrender box with colours. All you are doing is jumping on the season 3 patch hate train.
1	I agree with you in most of what you said. The problem I see is that football players now that they will get "banned" for doing shit and behaving like douches.   We dont know if IWDominate knew that he can get banned from professional gaming. He knew that his account may get permabanned but that is his personal problem.   Imho its right to ban players from professional games if they act like IWDominate did but you should get a warning like: "Hey IWDominate change your behaviour or we will ban you from the professional scene".
1	It's definately a good step to "clean up" in high elo territory for once, especially when players get money from Riot to be a professional gamer and represent their game.   On the other hand though, the times I've seen IWD on streams he wasn't doing anything out of the ordinary. There's joking trash talking in almost all games and since the introduction of the Tribunal everybody has grown really thin-skinned.   Now I don't say that what he did was right but a year long ban is also a grave punishment for somebody who relies on tournament earnings (aka pro players). Being probably 10 years above the age of the average league player I don't really get upset about flaming (which seems to be what IWD has been banned for); everyone has bad games/days every now and then and of course, you only hear about the bad ones on the Tribunal.   On the other hand you have players like Dyrus who troll and feed on purpose (on a stream with 10k viewers no less) or just afk/ragequit games. As a player I'd rather have somebody on my team who's raging at me for making a mistake (nobody rages at somebody for no reason to be honest) than somebody who's actively working for the other team to win. Of course, we won't see any punishment for Dyrus though because Riot loves TSM for some reason (also inb4 fanboy downvotes).
1	I will start by stating I have been a Riot supporter since day 1, starting with beta and introducing many many people to the game. I truly have believed in what riot's mission has been thus far.   However, Riot did destroy his league career. You think LoL will be around as the most competitive game for another 5 years? Think again, this year is the single most important year to date, and will determine whether this is a feasible approach to eSports professional gaming. Of which IWD has put in substantial time and effort in helping develop the pro scene to this point as he has been a part of it for an extensive amount of time.   Gaming has, and always will be full of gamers. Since the beginning of gaming, people get hyped/emotional/jabber mouthed/etc. when things do not go as intended. This ranges from a 2 year old to a 50 year old.   I have not been punished by the tribunal on any of my accounts, ever. However from the start of tribunal being implemented in the way it is, it started off being a GREAT idea, and quickly was realized that not all god ideas are implemented properly.   This was the start, since first time since playing this game over 3 years ago that I have been disappointed with Riot. And this very harsh implementation only leaves me with a taste in my mouth that riot is pushing more towards catering to its masses (not top 20% elo) players, just as WoW did in its beginning after Blackwing lair I believe it was called. They made everything easy mode and more accessible to the casual gamer and continued to do so from what I've been told.   I see this game doing the same thing in a different way, punishing players by perma-banning is already excessive considering the amount of time and money put in by the individual. This in itself is trying to change the nature of online gaming, competitive gamers as I stated above have historically had a raging nature. That is why they are playing a PURELY PVP based game.   The root disruption of the game in my opinion is not typing ragers, you have plenty of options if your feelings are hurt by keystrokes. The biggest problem is people who do not communicate in team select/afk-ragequitter's. This disrupts the game the most, I have had plenty of ragers in my games and there is a mute button for each player in the game that any moron can figure out. If your feelings are hurt so much in a competitive environment I suggest you stick to candyland because regardless of Riot's stance on this, this behavior towards less skilled players will be in EVERY competitive style game til the end of gaming. The best players, want to win.
0	sigh  you're right.  I obviously would suggest things like disclaimer saying "are you having legal issues? Then get a lawyer!  this is not a law office, it's the internet!", probably a disclaimer regarding jurisdictions, and one of the rules should be "do not ask questions about a legal problem you are having, if that is the case, find a lawyer.  This subreddit is for discussing legalities in an academic sense."   regarding identity, I've yet to find a solution to that with  anything  that is online.  Obviously it would require people to generally try to be honest, work based on reputation, and generally be good rather than dishonest.   But, as I said, you're right, it would be something of a nightmare to manage.   Goodness knows the discussion of the legal precedent and the relevance of the cultural moral climates at the time when those precedents arose and the current climes is part of what interests me most about the subject.  Threads would explode into massive walls of text, miles high, with
0	Sorry, but that show is terrible. In characterization, it's insulting in the way it constantly portrays these nerds as sexist, arrogant and spineless, introverted, socially and emotionally inept (all have Mommy issues, all seem "virginal", all are prepubescent in behavior, all have the same fandoms, the same dislikes). I'm fine with laughing at these silly stereotypes, but no one challenges their labels, no one actually shows they are a multidimensional character in this story--they all merely follow their typical archetype. And so, there's no character development, no one changes and nothing ever happens because everyone is the same vapid and insulting stereotype.     What really disturbed me the most, however, was the lack of tact the writers took in forming Raj's character. Not only were they unable to write an inoffensive stereotype as they fall into these same ugly patterns I mentioned above... but they do it while dealing with the sensitive subject of presenting the only character who's a racial minority (assuming that Howard isn't racially or ethnically Jewish). I mean, come on. Raj's plights, his aspirations and accomplishments, are ignored even when they are clumsily introduced as center points of the plot. These writers can't seem to even write one serious episode that explores its characters, but this is much worse. It's like these writers can't even plan one episode about Raj, even to just mock and humiliate him exclusively, like they can for Sheldon or Howard or Leonard. Raj is never the center of a storyline, ever, even when he is supposed to be the joke of the episode, and therefore fails the most out of the entire character cast...which says a LOT.
0	I didn't realize it wasn't popular either.  A lot of people are saying that it's because they feel insulted because apparently the show is making fun of nerds...I think if you're getting mad that it's making fun of nerds, you're either not nerdy enough or you don't realize that the cool part about being a nerd is that you don't have to care what people think because you're probably better than they are anyway...I play WoW, I use alternate operating systems, I'm a CS major, I show up to parties at the time they're supposed to start, and I can get really obsessive about how things need to be and when I'm interested in something I'll get really fixated on it...I don't think the show is insulting at all...I actually relate to it a lot.
0	And here I was thinking I was the only person who actually despised Big Bang Theory. Part of it is I don't like the humor. The only show with a laugh-track I've ever really liked was Seinfeld. Friends... was nothing compared to Whose Line, though I loved the opening theme song. I also don't like how the show portrays smart dudes as being either assholes or social impotents (though that may be jumping to conclusions). I guess I just have different taste in humor is all. I'm a man who demands exquisite writing and I feel BBT just rapes my ears with forced stale humor.
0	When that amendment was written, the arms that they were talking about legitimately empowered citizens to stand up against governments.  Groups of armed citizens could pose a legitimate existential threat to a rouge government.   That simply isnt true now.  If [theoretical situation] the US government went rogue, started oppressing its people, you'd be hardly better off with the guns that we do allow than with a knife and some rocks to throw--the military's capabilities have simply outstretched where handheld firearms can really keep them in check.   And you dont infringe on my rights, but the government does all the time, in ways that I think are justified and good.  Look at free speech--yes I have the right to speak, unless the words that I say cause harm to other people in a concrete way.  I cannot incite specific violence, I cannot speek with the intention of causing panic, etc.  None of that is mentioned in the first amendment--it is the result of reasonable people applying a philosophical and abstract 'right' to a concrete and complicated world.  Rights are not absolute--in many cases we are balancing rights and interests, and based on the ramifications of different policies have to decide on the best way to do so.   My overarching point is that very few people believe that there should be no regulations on who can own what kind of gun--nobody thinks I should be able to keep a nuke and a tank in my back yard.  So we are already drawing somewhat arbitrary lines: this is OK, this isnt.  We have already admitted that the right is not absolute.  And I dont think that there is inherently anything magical about where the line is drawn right now--read up on the history of how it came to be, all the political infighting etc over many decades and I think you'll have to agree.  With that in mind, it seems entirely reasonable to ask the question of where that line would ideally be drawn.  And I think that given the violent proclivities of some of our citizens, making it harder to get at weapons can only be a good thing.   Something I should clarify too--a lot of people respond to the above by saying 'oh but they're nuts, they're still going to try to kill people.'  I agree with that--I dont think we'll actually be able to reduce the number of attacks.  But with incidents like Sandy Hook, Columbine, etc, it seems like these guys go on killing people at a certain rate until the cops show up and either plug them or force them to plug themselves.  I think the response rate is probably pretty constant.  So if we can reduce the rate at which they can kill people, we'll save lives.  The school stabbing in china is a great example of this--yes, the guy didnt have a gun and still attacked.  But nobody is dead.  Can you tell me that would be the case if he had had an AK instead of a Bowie?
0	no thanks and can i ask you something? where are your balls?
0	Here's why gun control won't work.   First of all, I love guns. They're fun to shoot. However, if we could rid society 100% of guns, I would definitely be in support of it.   But there lies the problem in American society. You will never come CLOSE to achieving 100% gun prohibition. I know it's impossible even for the strictest of countries, but in the USA, a complete ban will result in a lot of "secret" guns being owned.     We have lived in a gun culture since day 1. Fuck - Our CONSTITUTION  defines rules about gun ownership. Now, I believe that the original individual rights were pro-gun because of the general lawlessness that was feared in a post-colonial America, in addition to being able to defend against repeated attacks from Britain.     236 years of Gun ownership means that there exists historically many legally-owned unregistered firearms, many of which still work, or can be reconditioned to work. If you outlaw firearms, then most of these will exist.     "If you outlaw guns, then only outlaws will own them." I only half agree with this; many outlaws simply steal guns from law-abiding citizens - therefore, if you banned guns, they wouldn't get them. HOWEVER, the US has a massive balance of trade problem (we import way too much), and as a result, more containers come to port than we can scan. Criminals are crafty - they operate where there is need in the market - that need will be illegal firearm importing.     You will eliminate any chance of people being able to defend themselves against a government that decides to eliminate its constitutional limitations. I know this probably is unlikely, and therefore unimportant, but historically, there have been events that could have been prevented with private citizen gun ownership. Some argue that parts of WWII and similar ethnic cleansing tragedies could have been prevented this way.     Police simply won't step in. Police are better investigators than anything - they simply don't stop murders, and crimes from happening. They collect evidence and arrest after the fact. People say that our public safety officers will protect us, but I don't feel so confident.         If we ban firearms, law-abiding citizens won't stand a chance. The number of guns existing illegally would be incredibly high - higher than in any other country that banned guns.   Unless someone can come up with a better plan to rid the country of firearms, I propose a plan that will be unpopular among legal firearm owners, but it will definitely address the problem.   Demand greater responsibility from firearms owners. If someone steals your gun and uses it in a murder, you share the blame even more so than what's being demanded today. I realize that this is irrelevant in last week's massacre (the gun owner was murdered herself), but it WOULD fix a lot of the problem. After a few high profile cases, you can bet that everyone who wants to keep their firearms will invest in a safe of some sort.
1	When i began maining ADCs i played vayne, because when you've mastered here, shes more rewarding then any ADC. The only thing that you should keep in mind is that Vayne is bad in all-in situtations if she doesnt have ult (Pre 6). You can do amazing plays with her (1 sec invis op in TFs), also she is a "hypercarry" (Means that she will carry way better then most carrys, because of her absurd damage.)   Cait however is quite the opposite. She is really good early game because of her long range (650, most ranged ADs have 550) therefor its easy to snowball early on. However i believe she has the lowest damage lategame, someone calculated that.
1	You see darius heading your way like a bull and is followed (!) by his teammates. He is getting to you on flash + grab range - I flash   You see singed running towards you on his ult - I flash before I get flinged   You see jax setting up his stun and going into range for his jump (or flash jump) - I flash   etc.  All these above when you are out of postion and bruiser is followed by teammates. If he isnt followed just crush him, because HE is the one out of position and your teammates are closer.   Also dont take this like its the only truth - thats my style, mostly because I main no escape adc like ashe or kog
1	First of all you should have ran cleanse because they were running some strong cc. You cannot afford to get initiated on by shens taunt and be debuffed by the damage reduction or get stunned by sona or feared by nocturne. Your net , your trap and your range should be enough to keep the divers at bay. In these cases placing a trap infront of you and microing around it makes it even harder for champions like those to go on you because they will get snared ( even if noct ults he gets snared ). Choose your targets wisely at first taking precautions about what cooldowns the enemy team has on their skillset. You knew Nocturne had randuins so you should not even try to get close to him or focusing him because it would lead you to get AS debuffed. Shen on the other hand can be "ignored" after he taunts. You can probably take a couple of hits from him and still be at like 55-65% at the end of a small skirmish. The main problem would be when both of them initiate on you. They become sort of an unkillable duo flying through the air which could take you down with ease. The only way to avoid getting focused is to not grow aggro or have an escape plan. You need to stay far when the teamfights initiate so that you become less prioritized over your teammates. This makes them focus them and not you and gives you free shots at them or maybe the other carries. If they do initiate on you anyways you need to have an escape plan up your sleeve. Net over a wall or flash, go into a bush to loose sight , place some traps etc...   Edit:
1	I main mid but since I am at school, i'll respond to your questions in this thread and I can't go on my client.   (IGN: Pho Oh Three)   My s2 Elo Range(2.2k-2.8k) played with all kinds of high elo top tier people.   My S3 Elo(2k+)   Generally in lower tier Elo range, Eve can stomp really well because in lower tier, lanes do not use pink wards to stop Eve ganks and would not have the game knowledge as much as higher elo tier players.   In Higher elo, teams will use pink wards to counter your early ganks and post level 6 ganks.   And also in higher elo, most banned heroes atm are: Eve, Nunu, LeeSin, Katarina, Twisted Fate, Khaizx, Amumu, Pantheon, Shaco.   So as you get higher, you will get less chances to play Eve so start to learn more OP heroes. There are alot of OP heroes and you can't ban them all.
1	I don't think this is a very good suggestion. Not to sound like I'm one of those "exclusive" assholes per se, but I paid real money for skins that I like and want to show off.   -If Lee Sin is free, I want to play him. In champ select everyone and their mother is thinking " oh god its free week lee prepare to kick away from team ". Then loading screen pops up with the Dragon Fist splash art. While it might not mean I'm a pro at the champion I'm playing, for some one to own an expensive champion AND a skin means they are at least a bit seasoned with that champ.   -This  doesn't always hold true , but skins=skill to  SOME EXTENT . I have invested 1820 RP into Brolaf, but only after playing him for an  extremely  long time. If someone has a skin, then  logically  they plan on playing that champion for a long time/have already played them.   -I know we all know that person who buys a champion and skin with them straight away, or the people who are new to a champ and have a skin that was on sale, but the general majority of people who own skins have an idea of what they're doing with that champion. Making skins free for freeweek champs would cause unnecessary confusion while also decreasing sales. Why should I have to convince a random person that I own Lee Sin and X of his skins just because Lee is free? What if I suck at Galio but I am using Gatekeeper and I miss an ult "GG this freeweek skin but 0 skill" or "this noob says he have galio legen. skin look he missed fkin ult".   -One of the reasons I personally believe riot doesn't implement a direct skin viewer tool is because the image the skin splash has as opposed to the in-game model. I would have never bought Muay Thai Lee while knowing what the animations were, but the skin came out, I happen to be a Lee main, and I wanted to own all his skins (plus the splash looks really good).
1	Hi Leo!   My name is also Leo and I'm also from Brazil :O I played a few months from 1-30 and silver in ranked on the NA server and transferred to BR during the second wave of free transfers.   Personally, I know the NA server has a lot of trolls and flamers I just feel the BR ones are more passionate. They use VERY colorful language and would actually be pretty witty if they weren't so angry all the time. BRs tend to lose their cool faster and it is really annoying to deal with, but don't think other servers don't have people like this too.   Best way to deal with it is play with friends (add Barten01 if you ever wanna play on the BR server) and mute anyone who tries to ruin your game.   I am speaking from experience on the NA and BR servers but I'm 100% this applies to EU, Asia, and any other servers out there.
1	Just looking at it right off the bat (didn't read through it but skimmed through) some format-like changes would make the guide much more appealing and easier to read.   In some parts it seems that you've forgotten how to separate long posts into paragraphs. In the areas where it looks like you have paragraphs there is no space between and just makes the guide harder to read. Quite frankly I kinda say "no thanks, not reading that" because it looks like a massive wall of text.
1	If its boring, don't watch.   I actually love watching asian teams, just because how much better they are than the rest, the bar is set higher, so if you want to win the money prize, get better, take the game serious and just practice more. If they can do it, anybody else can. The only thing asians do different is that they take the game serious, because it is how they make a living. The other regions seems to not take it too serious, they can make a living of streaming so they don't put too much effort on actually winning tournaments.
1	Ok, I haven't seen anybody else do this, but this is my "standard" >combo every single time I use thresh.   >Basically it drags enemy towards you, drags them a SECOND time >towards you, AND THEN you dash to be behind them, and you can E >them towards your ADC even more! >You can press your Q and hit someone to drag them, then walk >backwards to drag them again, immediately after that you CAN press Q >after you've dragged them and you can dash on them, it will dash you >to the place were you originally grabbed them from, so you will >actually be behind them, you can then push them forward (because >your infront of them) with your E.   >I hope this makes sense, please try it!   >
1	This. I've been doing this since the first day Thresh came out, and it drastically increases the amount of time you have a person under your control.  Why not utilise the two pulls of the chain before flying to them, then knock them back with Flay? Ofc, there are times and places where you just wanna fly to them ASAP to save someone or initiate, but it's all up to judgement.
1	Actually, the buggy thing is that her 3rd Q cast slams the ground instantly, and the animation of Riven doing a front flip comes later, what isn't supposed to happen. And also when you want to do 3rd Q and fast W, it feels delayed as fuck.
1	If there's players out there good enough to go pro, they'll go pro regardless of gender; just because it hasn't happened yet doesn't mean that it never will.   From memory, the LoL infographic about players showed that over 90% of LoL players are  male , meaning less than 10% are female. That 10% include girls who only play for fun and have no interest in the ranked scene, only play occasionally and what-not.   Personally I'd rather not have it rushed just because people think it's unfair that the pro scene is currently fully male. Rushing things could (keyword:  could  ) result in having someone who isn't as dedicated to playing, lets down their team and/or gets the community into a position of thinking that girls can't play at a pro level.
1	From what I've been playing with it seems as if the people who you are playing with/against are a prime determining factor in how many points you receive.  I am currently a silver 5 but when I play with some gold friends they all complain about getting 10-15 points from a win while I get 20-30 league points. I played with a few bronze friends later and I was the one getting a few points, and then after an afk for a loss, I lost a huge chunk of points. The reason I lost so many points is from losing to people with such a lower hidden matchmaking rating.
1	Actually I wasn't being condescending to OP,  I was mearly stating that he was proud of his achievement and wanted to show it to reddit rather than  it being informative like the title would suggest.
0	When I was young, maybe around 7 or 8, I entered a department store with my mother there was, what I thought to be a mannequin at the front. It was wearing a NIKE windbreaker but some of the letters over the breast were creased over and I couldnt read it. Curious, I reached up to flatten the lettering out. Turns out it was a woman. She wasn't pleased.
0	Oh god. This instantly reminded me of my afternoon poop at work a few days ago. I went in the empty bathroom, three stalls. Within a minute of starting the bathroom door opens. I just figured I'd wait it out like I normally do. Well, it happens to be a mother and her daughter. The daughter gets into the stall and is obviously pooping. The mother, standing outside the stalls is giving the daughter words of encouragement. "Go Sofie! You can do it Sofie! How you doing girl?" "Still pooping mom! Plenty to go!" meanwhile, I've finished and am horrified in the next stall over. 15 minutes later...they left. I went back to work with a look of fear.
1	Muramana is a great item on Ryze, anyone can tell you. Iceborn gauntlet is not an item I like building early on. Ryze like any other mage will also land auto attacks in teamfights if he isn't pressured so the slow can be useful, but the damage on the iceborn gauntlet proc is barely noticible. The two items (muramana and iceborn gauntlet) don't actually synergize since the iceborn gauntlet adds 1.25x your base ad, so not the bonus ad gained from muramana. Compared to frozen heart it gives slightly more mana and it gives ap in exchange for less armour and no active and less cdr. So it's worth upgrading your glacial shroud to gauntlet up if you're already CDR capped and you don't need the attack speed slow, but I wouldn't get it until you've got all your other items, since it's so damn expensive (it's like a 2k upgrade cost from glacial shroud).
0	Dude, I did the exact same thing!  Funny thing is, I know my wife uses reddit and now she might find out... She will be pissed.
1	Tried giving a tip once, will probably not attempt again.   We're about to win the game, and their 2-13 Heimer started complaining about all the slow my Rumble had. I simply suggested "Heimer, next time if you want try to build for a rylai's, it'll give you some nice slow"   His Response: "stfu I know how to play my champ blahblahblahblah" My Retort: "ok"
0	A yorkie showed up in my front yard.   I put up signs and checked with local vets and the police department, but noone came looking for him. At that point, they guessed him about 8-10 years old. When guesses put him at 14-16 years old, I had bonded with no animal in my life more profoundly than JD. The last couple years were a constant state of worry. It was when he started losing his teeth that I got worried. It was when he lost his first canine that I started panicing.   Unfortunately, my advise for current elderly dog owners would be, you'll know. Odds are it wont blindside you (well, it will, but not how you think). He was such a crazy, high energy, little thing that I figured he'd go out like a light bulb. One minute jumping around like he always did. Next stroked out dead.   Nope, one day he just decided he wasn't going to eat anymore. Being a yorkie (stubborn eaters), I had been through it and didn't cater to his denial for food for 3 days. Then I caved and got him a new brand hoping to get his attention. Then I tried going to the go to what got him eating when I first found him, lunch meat. After a week, I got desperate and got a baby syringe and started feeding him meat based baby foods.   I was unemployed at the time. It was horrible. I basically just laid with him and died with him. It was 2 or 3 weeks of spending my full days laying with him, trying to force feed him some baby food every 2 to 3 hours, watching him waste away, hoping as hard as I could that he would just eat something on his own again. It got to the point where he would get up and try to walk to his dog house, and would only be able to take a step or 2 before he collapsed. After this back and forth, him trying to get to his dog house, but not being able to make it, me picking him back up and bringing him back to the couch, I tried to feed him again and he immediately threw the food back up. It looked and sounded painful.   I had been wrestling with the thought, but that was the moment I thought "I need to call the vet". I couldn't compose myself enough to make the call, so my wife called a local mobile vet for us. I took him into his backyard, and he had a burst of energy (I think he knew) he hadn't had in weeks. Strong enough to walk half the length of the back yard to his favorite spot. He surveyed his yard from his favorite spot, hobbled back over to me, and collapsed on the ground. I picked him up, brought him back inside, and the vet arrived...   summation in the form of a
0	You will get over that. I am 23, never had an official GF, and am currently with an interested girl, though we are not in an official relationship yet. Our feelings are mutual, but we both agree this is not a good time for a relationship. We are both very busy college students, I am a student-teacher getting my license/degree, and she is studying nursing. We both want to commit when we both have the time that each other deserves to commit to each other.   Once in a while the thought of making an official commitment, especially with never having really done it before, scares me to death. What if someone else better is out there? I came to my sense a while back thanks to an article that I cannot remember the source osf at the moment. I am not aware of your religious persuasion, but I am a Christian, and an online article really did it for me.   The
0	I am going through this now. Its definitely not that we don't love each other. For me it seems to be a few things, a lot of stress at work, being exhausted as a result makes it actually unappealing to have sex; It's just so much work to make her happy, where 5 minutes and an internet connection is easy.  I wouldn't say she has 'let herself go' but she isn't the same girl as before figure wise and that plays some role, as well as a little bit of boredom and what i like to call "grass is greener syndrome". But ultimately 90% of the issue is me, I work in a pretty sedentary desk job and for the last couple of years have been really lazy, now I am blessed with good genes and high metabolism so looking at me you'd never know i sit on my ass 90% of my awake hours looking at a screen. But mentally I felt like shit, recently started hitting the gym again 3 times a week and the results have been awesome, sex life is returning and I even have her starting to want to get active and get her figure back.   Wow that got long
0	I put in 5 years at Office Depot as a part-timer.  The first 2 years were fine for me because I was still in school and part time was all I could handle.  After I got out of school I told them I wanted a full time position.  The boss said there were none available at the time, but he'd take care of me and promised I could get one after it becomes available.   Cut to 3 years later and I was still working part time there.  Looking back I should have left A LOT sooner than I did.  I had applied to a few jobs over the course of those 3 years, but never seriously sought after better employment thinking that Office Depot would surely hook me soon since I had been with them so long.   There was a small incident at work and tensions were high enough that it pushed me over the edge and I ended up quitting.  Sure, it wasn't the smartest thing to do considering I hadn't found another job, but I worked for Depot till I literally couldn't stand it a moment longer.   It turned out to be a blessing in disguise.  I began spreading out my resume and applications to lots of different places, but after speaking with management it wasn't looking too good for any of them.   After about a month out of work I was a day away from going to pizza hut because I knew they needed drivers.  I lucked out and got a call from a security company I had applied for.  They wanted to hire me to work a temp job for a power plant while it was in an outage phase.  The good news was that I was getting 60+ hours a week at a good payrate.  My first paycheck was 3-4 times what I had made in an entire month at office depot.   Things have been going so well with them that they decided to keep me and offered me a permanent job.
1	anyone remeber the thread about clear titles? he could have even just put the
1	Another thing he said which really made me change my perception on losses: "The season is  really  long, like it's almost a year. You're in no rush".   This has led me to not care all too much about losses, and focus on improving my game in general. I realised that I can't win every single game, it's just not possible. So I focus on the next game and move on. Before anyone perceives this in the wrong way, I still care about winning - I just don't get frustrated if games go badly.   This is something everyone should be aware of. Having this mindset will make you pay more attention to improving, since you shift attention from getting frustrated. I.e. Instead of "fuuuuck I died crap crap crap, now i lose LP", it's more like "Hm, well we lost this teamfight, checking their dmg output is this I need to get this item, we should splitpush etc." Instead of having a destructive mindset you have a constructive one.
0	Please, karma is and account age is pointless.  I periodically start a new account.  Always cracks me up when someone tries to win an argument or support for his side by saying "account's only ## months old"  I was probably using Reddit more than a year before any one of these guys.
1	CLG will go 0-3 and liftlift will be replaced by Choax after the second game, with Hotshotgg moving from Top lane, to Mid lane, to ADC by the third game. Aphromoo will have plenty of presence in the lane by playing Leona in every game and continually feeding the ADC double kills only to have the ADC get blown up by season 3 strats left exposed by archaic season 2 mechanics from CLG. After the game BigFatLP will give an interview in which he officially announces that EG has returned as CLG.EU and the entire TPA lineup will be subbing for CLG.NA in the next week of the NA LCS. Meanwhile CLG's website will go down and come back up as a preview website for "The Next Big Thing in MOBA Gaming, Counter Intuitive Gaming" with a JPG of Xpeke's Kassadin backdooring for the win.
1	The more games you play then the variability of having bad teammates or even good teammates (luck of the draw) approaches zero and your skill will be the determining factor that shines through. It is the same way with poker and even sports.   Would you rather go a game to 21 with a pro basketball player for $100,000 or just 1 point? Obviously the 1 point as  anything  can happen in one point.   So if you play enough games then stuff like this becomes trivial and you will get through bronze because you are a good enough player not because you are getting carried or you can't make it because of silver V trolls.
1	Yes, there is already a solution for this problem. THE TRIBUNAL. It's very rare that anyone gets banned enough from bad games to make it to the tribunal and even more rare that the tribunal bans them. Keep in mind the people in the tribunal are the bottom like 10% of players so as "everyone" is reporting feeding games it evens out and not many of those feeders make it down there. And to those who do, I've found the tribunal is generally quite fair in their decision making. They aren't going to report someone just because they went negative but rather look at chat and build.
0	Do NOT do this. He spent  wayyyy  too long in the fatal funnel. Slice your pie as far back from your corner as is practical, roll out when necessary (but don't step and roll out), and EXPLODE through the doorway. Do not put your weapon in a "cover" mode (i.e. position sul, high ready, low ready), have it ready to shoot at a target in your blind spot (in this video, 90 degrees left) IMMEDIATELY.
0	Not crazy.  Absolutely not.   I grew up in rural Iowa and gun safety was taught in the home.   I was not allowed to point even toy guns at people as a little kid and was taught the safety rules for firearms before I was ten.   I have noticed a lot of "city" people in this country have absolutely no exposure to responsible gun culture.   Their only experience with firearms is the violence they see on TV.   So I do not think you are crazy for thinking someone should need some formal training to own a firearm.  We are crazy as a society for thinking the right to bear arms can be divorced from the responsibility to ensure that every citizen understands the basic safety rules of firearms handling.
1	Remember some of my games as xerath. i played him pretty ok for the first 30 matches. ok k/d. regular flash/ignite. nothing special. Then when i got better i decided to switch out ignite cause i usually wasnt in range for it anyways depending on the enemy mid pick. I picked tp - people flamed. I picked cleanse - people flamed. I picked barrier - people told me to use ignite. (in most of the games i were fed btw. or at least won my mid). Then i started using cv. Why not? My biggest problem were that the enemy junglers always ganked me and my map awarness was too bad so i took cause whenever it was up i could help my team with vision or simply know if the enemy jungler is coming to kill me and also i would learn to watch at my minimap more often. Used it 3 times. got 10/3 in like every game. Carried everygame. "Report Xerath for Troll Summoner Spells" at the end of every single game.
1	I just finished a game with trollpick trynd bot for adc, because he felt like it and "normal is for fun". In which universe fun is feeding the whole game and leaving the lane, so that other adc could get fed?   Am i mad? Yea, i am, because i play mostly normals, and i play them seriously - to win and learn the game, not to waste my time, because someone likes to "have fun". Do not play team games if you like that kind of play - go "have fun" in FPS or RTS games, where you can play 1v1, and when you want to lose intentionally, because you "feel" like playing that champ and when there's 99% chance that you will get outpicked, you can lose without annoying others.
1	I agree that people should be allowed to play what they want, but at least be competent, if you want to dick around with crappy champions, go do customs or bots, in normals you should at least be adequate with the champion you want to play, or else you are just bringing down the experience of the other people on your team. Despite that, sometimes people are just being tools, I was just in a game where I was duoqueueing bot with someone, and some other guys were duoqueueing too, and they wanted to double jungle, wouldn't listen to me when I told them it was a bad idea (three solos, less xp, etc etc). And eventually they only switched when I told them I was staying in a duo (I had already locked in thresh) so unless they wanted to leave top open all game they would switch. Regardless, they blamed me for every little thing, and would not join in teamfights all game. So yeah.
1	The main reason Amumu (and similar champs) faceroll bronze is that nobody knows how to recognize all but the hardest of initiations.  They win because they can actually start fights on out of position targets; for starters, in Bronze at least one person is out of position somewhere on the map at any given time, so you can always get your team fed.  As well, few people are dense enough to be eluded by "big mummy ult means I go in" when compared to less obvious spells.
1	Honestly, there is no such thing as a 'troll-pick'. What many, if not most of the League of Legends community does, is follow the meta; most players play with the set conventional play styles (e.g. 1, 1, 2 lanes, 2v1 lanes). What most people fail to realize is that the meta is not written in stone; there is no set way to play this game. Now, correct me if I'm wrong, but the meta is only designed to give you the best chance of winning the game. And the meta  changes . If people rage/flame at you for picking a bruiser bot-lane, remember that some (I can't remember who) pro players have predicted bruiser bot-lanes in the pre-season of Season 3. The OP is right, LoL is a game (obviously) and it is a sand-box type game, albeit 3 maps and limited options. Sand-box means that  everything  you do within the game is perfectly fine. However, this is only in the perspective of oneself. This game is a team game, so your game play should try and mesh with others'. But that's my own humble opinion.  My opinion is wrong, fuck me right?
1	Back when Evelyn just got a rework everyone was complaining that she was still terrible.   Well, I happened to watch some LoL tournament where a guy (Shooshie? Shushi? Some chubby white european guy with black hair) was claiming that she's an amazing mid. Well, he played Eve, and even though his team lost miserably, he consistently did decent with her despite the rest of his team getting destroyed.   So I buy her and try her out. Holy. Shit. She was AMAZING at mid! Literally every game I was stomping. Very easy to play, good farm, great ganks, tiny learning curve.   But every time people would throw a shitstorm at me for trying to go Eve mid. I'm a troll, I'm an idiot, I'm going to feed, no you're not allowed to pick her, etc.   Every game I had a ridiculously good record. Every mid was won, nearly all games were won because my ganks were so unfair. Yet every time I played with new people they'd give me the same grief.   So run whatever the hell you want. 99% of people will assume X champ is good/bad solely on how often they're played in pro tournaments. People don't realize, however, that they're picking based on team comps, counterpicks, the meta, etc, and most of this has little to no value to an average solo q player. And sometimes the pros don't realize something is good! Ezreal was untouched for like a year before "suddenly" he was overpowered and everyone played him.
1	He didn't just bring it back up after years of promising he would. When he did, he completely wiped out much of the database / forums containing private developer forums for heroes and items. Many of those champions are in League today (like Teemo.) He refused to acknowledge it even after many old DotA developers gave proof and simply said fuck you to the community again.   That's why people were pissed at him. He had stolen the ideas of many and even though he used them in his final game, he gave no credit to the people who created those ideas (something IceFrog or any other developer with respect to the community would do.)   Basically an example of the outrage from creators I am talking about:   infinitevox  >Oh thanks, THREE YEARS LATER. Oh well, now I can finally prove that I was the creator of: Teemo & Rammus > >And that your Dev team went through the DotA hero/ability/item suggestions and RAPED it for ideas for your game. Thanks so much for that. A little credit would have been nice, but instead you took the forums down so no one would know what you did, and even if they did know, they'd have no proof. > >Sad thing is, you were always nice to me. We'd play games with DevilsUrethra, ReposoEternal, GranDgrant, and a slew of other fun folks. Then you turned feral on us when you decided to make LoL. > >As petty as it may seem, some of us TDA and DotA1 Beta members know everything you actually did and have a long memory. There are a handful of us that know exactly how hard you really did try and screw Ice, and how hard you screwed us TDA/Beta members over. Now that we finally have access to the archives, we have the proof we need. > >Most people think you're a dick now, just wait till we start plastering the screenshots of the old forums where you plundered and pillaged our ideas and hard work for your game, and gave no credit or love back in return.   He took down one of the biggest gaming forums with a HUGE community (maybe more than this subreddit) just so he could have another source of inspiration just by grabbing whatever ideas other people had.
1	I only take issue in ranked, or if someone picks a champion for a role that doesn't fit. Jax support, Nami top, w/e. Certain champions have exceptionally low win rates, and that's where problems arise. I can't know if someone specializes in a champion, and that brings a risk to me when I'm committing my time and ratings to this game. I don't report if they do well, but I will report if in spite of them failing we win. That said, I do understand many people specialize in certain champions that may be alternative to the current meta (I recently played with a VERY good Shyvana, who had a 22-4 win rate with her), and I respect that, but I have to have some way of knowing that is the case.
1	that's hilarious bc i just played a game where i didn't ban malphite right bc everybody knows there are much higher priority bans. So this guy flames that i didn't ban malphite, then picks zed instead of an ap champ. then he proceeds to die to malphite and those are malph's only two kills in the whole game. meanwhile i go 8-2 as graves and rape malphite and the rest of his team. at the end of the game zed says he was the best on our team and hopes i learn to ban malphite bc he's so op.
1	This is a bit of human nature, because humans are narrow-minded. Most people especially on lower ELOs tend to just copy things they saw on stream and have a pretty straight mindset, which tells what is good and what is bad, how you have to play. Those people tend not to accept other oppinions that are out of the general consense. If you take a closer look you will see that in Real Life aswell. Especially regarding LoL in my oppinion there is no such things as Troll-Picks, of course there are things that wont work (e.g. if you try to play Karthus as an AD Carry), but even those very niche things might work if you catch enemies of guard. Most people just cannot accept something odd, that is not proven quite yet, because its just easier to stick to the usual stuff. Also people raging about odd Picks or even Bans (leaving Amumu open for example) will loose a lot more games than if they would just accept that someone wants to play something odd and probably even know what they are doing or just trying something entirely new. Best Example for this to me is Support Elise because hands-down after release of Elise people would have raged if you pick her up as Support and nowadays you see her at a really high niveau.
1	In normals you can play whatever you want but in ranked you better not be fp'ing that shaco or picking him into their tanky/aoe team. That is tantamount intentional feeding as your pick has made every teamfight a 4v5. Ranked is about winning and if you are not picking the champ that gives you the greatest chance to win you are doing it wrong.
1	LP gains are based on the MMR (elo) distance to next promotion series.   Player 1 @ Silver 1 has 1600 MMR, 70 LP.   Player 2 @ Silver 1 has 1500 MMR, 90 LP.   Gold 5 is 1550 MMR.   Player 1 wins a game and gains 30 LP -> enters series. He already had the MMR needed for promotion series so the system really wants him there.   Player 2 wins a game and gains 3 LP, is now at 1515 MMR of the 1550 needed for series. Distance to series 35 MMR, but only 7 LP. Next games will be worth the around the same 3 LP for wins. Losses can be like -15 LP, but it doesn't mean much.   The weak LP gains like player 2 has are common in division 1 of any league. That's because the MMR distance between leagues is greater than the distance between divisions within the league. Only at Diamond 1 the LP truly shows the distance to promotion series I think.
0	Adapting" is a much more objective approach than "being oneself" would be. As a person like OP, when I socialize with others I'll likely feel apathetic about everything they have to say, but I'll mimic enthusiasm/ interest/disdain/etc. to you know, fit in or whatever. Now I know everybody does this to an extent, but in my experience it has gotten to a point that I do this with everyone all the time, even my family. I'm well liked amongst many different cliques and social groups, but I don't feel close to anyone really. Every interest that I've developed over the years has been tailored to impress others, every mannerism artificial and changeable. Being a good liar really helps this too.
0	It's extremely hard to "be yourself" in situations and social groups that don't engage you. You may notice that the people who are extremely loud and obnoxious seem to have everyone flock to them, but it's mainly because they are basically throwing their arms in the air, exposing their personality to anyone willing to listen. It gives most people the sort of ice breaker he/she needs to find someone to gravitate to:  loud person (lets call this person Bill for simplicity's sake) Bill appreciates quiet person Sue (again, only for simplicity) because Sue is willing to listen and empathize with Bill; Sue appreciates Bill because Bill fills the void, makes the jokes laughs when Sue makes the occasional joke and is generally good company. While this works, if    Bill stays this goofball who keeps the spotlight firmly on himself and doesn't try to engage with Sue, then Sue will develop this hollow feeling because Bill is not letting her express herself and it will seem like any remark Bill says, Sue agrees with because Sue won't be showing any form of expression aside from embarrassment.  In the meantime, Sue cannot simply leave Bill to engage her because that is forcing Bill to combat a problem that is not being brought to his attention, denying this makes it worse three-fold AT MINIMUM. Wallflowers must voice their opinion as well, for complaining that no one engages them simply begs the question why they haven't engaged others: the answers will be strikingly similar.   This example happens in many different aspects, even family. A way to combat this tense nature: Sue invites Bill to things roughly as often as Bill invites Sue. By making Bill the guest and Sue the host, it gives Sue this established presence that she is the host, which welcomes Bill into her life, it gives Bill a chance to meet on Sue's terms instead of vice versa.
0	Amazing. I had that epiphany in High School. Now, I put myself first. I have to like myself, and don't compromise on that. It means I lose a lot of friends, but the ones who stay are great. I like "nerdy" things and embrace it. I'm a pseudo-intellectual. I enjoy mental math. I like cars, a lot. There are things I don't know, and that's okay.   It can be a problem though when I do things to entertain myself in public (like dancing when I'm bored) and my girlfriend is mortified because to her, social acceptance is  everything , but to me, I don't care. If moving like a goof makes me happy, I'll do it. And that's why I don't get dragged out shopping anymore.
0	It has nothing to do with boobs and everything to do with people being overly PC pussies. It's not just the pictures, I've seen NSFW tag on DISCUSSION threads. If you need to be told when a topic may not be appropriate for work, you will probably do some dumb-fuck move to get yourself fired anyway.   The real problem is reddit catering to the politically correct, easily offended culture. I am so goddamn tired of hearing how offensive something is, or how offended a group of people are; get right the fuck over it and move on and keep your bullshit to yourself. Being offended doesn't entitle you to anything and you should be treated like a whiny child since you are acting like one.
1	Swain enthusiast here, just dropping in to point out that Karthus E does more damage than Swain's ult (even on an optimal number of targets - 3 or less) coupled with the fact that without Karthus's passive Swain can't itemise for heavy AP like Karthus can.
1	As as an avid thresh player I approve this idea.
0	I think it's a great idea. After my last major breakup, I was in a borderline depressed state for months until I got my first dog. Although I do recommend adopting one that's at least a year or two old, possibly older. That way you're past the shit all over the house phase and more likely past the destroy all your shoes/furniture phase. Dogs are definitely a responsibility and in many aspects resemble having a human child, so get any big traveling out of the way first.
0	This sounds scarily familiar, shit. I watched all this girl's friends abandon her while she played the victim, acted like it was their fault she couldn't keep any friends, that she was the unfortunate soul in all of this. We were friends for years, even dated for a while, broke up on good terms, stayed close friends. I didn't realize just how badly she treated me.   One summer, she started talking about how much she hated her current boyfriend, how she was annoyed how much he was trying to contact her (they were home from college over the summer and couldn't see each other). She was ignoring his calls and bitching to me the whole time. This guy was the closest friend she'd had since me, he was a total doormat. When school started back up again she was suddenly buddy-buddy with him again because he was the only person who would tolerate her shit. I started to realize all her closest friends had the personality type that rolls over and takes shit without fighting back, and realized that included me. A few months later she was bitching to me about all her new college friends not agreeing with her on the tiniest things and talking about how they'd started to abandon her.   Ending that was the most liberating thing. I'd tried really hard to avoid it, to get her to understand, but  an emotional manipulator will always be one.  There's a fucking reason no one else would stay friends with her.
0	Congratulations!   I did this quite a while ago to a very close friend who I was living with at the time in a dorm room. She was very controlling toward me and the rest of our mutual friends. We fought often because I wouldn't take her unsolicited advice and wouldn't tell her all the details of my past or present.  She actually said to me that "we could no longer be friends if I wouldn't tell her everything." This was in regards to me hanging out with a guy from class and not being back in the room right away.   Finally there was just some ridiculous fight and I snapped. It was like someone turned off a light switch on caring about her at all. I just didn't care anymore. I did not give a fuck about her anymore and just stopped interacting. I didn't fight with her anymore, and I didn't go along with her ways of apologizing. I would simply say something like "No thank you" or "I'm busy."   Best decision I ever made. I was so much happier after I cut her out of my life.
1	wtf are you idiots trashtalking a nice person who tries to help some people that maybe actually want his help and even if theyre on the same level like u suggested they can still learn from each other so stop trashtalking nice   guys in the league of legends community
0	Professional appointments, job, and classes (25 y/o professional student) I manage to squeak by on time.  Just about everything else is up in they air and I view them as all having a thirty minute leeway for being late.   My rationale is that there aren't many social obligations where being on time matters unless plans are time contingent (eg, movie, going on a trip). Also, the people/groups that normally stress making it to something on time never offer repercussions for tardiness, everything always just continues as planned. Really stopped giving it much importance after I realized authority figures kind of just throw the word "mandatory" around for anything they want without much meaning behind it.   As for my few friends that are really anal about time, yeah it bugs them but it also allows for some balancing for both of us: I'm around to make sure they don't become anymore of a tight-ass and they keep me from becoming an even more irresponsible dick.   Balance.
1	As an avid thresh player I approve this skin.
0	It's because the banana with frosting looks like rediculously attractive/photogenic marathon runner pic that was on the front page a while ago. The hair was slicked and he was smiling, as I'm sure everyone imagines the banana to be doing with the frosting hair when imagining it as a person with eyes, and shit.
0	I just got done with one of these characters. I am not a touchy person and made this very clear from the beginning, but this guy insisted on hugging me every 5 minutes. So, that was the first thing that turned me off. The second was his femininity, this guy was just so damn nice. He agreed with everything I said, so it made it quite difficult to hold a conversation with him. I told him he was too nice, and he said "I'm sorry." We had sex and he couldn't stop thanking me, so much so that I started feeling extremely uncomfortable about having sex with him.   I finally get to the point where I decide that I just don't really like him and cannot put up with these conditions. I told him that I wasn't interested in him and let him know. He starts texting me all crazy saying he was going to come over and I don't text him back. Sure as shit, he came over. He knocked on my door and scared the hell out of me. I didn't think he was actually going to come over. So I tell him that he needs to leave because he was not invited here. It wasn't until I answered the door with my USMC NCO sword that he finally left.   Fast forward about a week later, I am hitting up my friends with benefits for a little [somethin' somethin']( and dude text me to see what I was up to. I got a text from the friends with benefits so I went to that one first. Somehow as I was typing my phone switched to the ex's text instead. My text that was a little NSFW got sent to my ex instead, who states that he was going to come over. I learned my lesson last time, so I told him that he needed to stay wherever he was at. Now he gets mad at me because I am talking to another person behind his back, after I had broken it off with him.   Finally got rid of him after about two weeks of plain ignoring him. So yeah, over attached boyfriends are out there, and they are just as crazy as women. I have had my fair share of overly attached girlfriends as well, they are equally as awful and I do not wish that upon my own worst enemy.
1	Guys- Regarding video vs. text:   More than likely Travis provided George the questions ahead of time, and let him take his time coming up with detailed answers; a video interview would have been great, but the answers we got would not have been as fully-developed / honest / truthful, and probably based more in emotion than fact.   HotShot's desire with this interview was to explain the decision and clear out concerns/questions fans might have. With a video interview, the answers are off-the-cuff / not as well-thought-out, so that might not have been possible.   Being able to able to step back and write out his responses let HotShot say what needed to be said in-full / as much as he can on the roster changes.
1	They're not always trying to abuse the system.   They just fall for silly scams.   Most people just assume that because someone on their friend-list sent them the link, it must be legit. Even though there have been people getting hacked and saying "i got sent this link from someone on my friend-list".   It's literally mainly down to people clicking links without reading them, or after they've opened the link they just glance at it, see it looks vaguely like the official LoL website and wants them to log-in, and then just try to login without even thinking about it.   Most people want an authenticator, because then it's there to wipe their ass for them so they don't have to bother thinking or paying attention.
0	That sounds wonderful. I'm not saying that you don't HAVE to spend a lot, since you obviously found it appropriate to find something beautiful for her, and you found it at a good price.
0	I agree.
1	This could be the greatest thing to ever happen to you.   You have so much talent when it comes to this game and, if you practice your face off, you could be a potential pro player or at least on a challenger team. However, all of the shit you have stirred up in the community over the past few months with the boosting, the bitching, and the questionable stream content has made a lot of people lose faith in you. Now, and rightly so, you are banned from playing this game on the aforementioned accounts.   Use this banning as a way to start fresh. Make a new account, get it to 30, buy some champs, and push diamond/challenger like you've done so many times. None of this is hard for you, and I think if you just started fresh and cleaned your reputation off a little bit on both streams and on forums, you could be a great addition to the community.
1	A lot of you guys seem to be hating on him for what he's done in the past, the thing is he payed his dues. He was banned, in fact he turned HIMSELF in. The point of being banned is to make "Even" for what you have done. With the "Proof" he has provided he seems to have been banned for no reason or for a reason that doesn't deserve as Perm ban. I get that he has done shit in the past, in fact I used to hate XJ9 (Also, most of the other boosters pissed me off too.) But he's apologized for doing that by turning himself in, took the punishment and moved on. His stream has changed from what I have seen, he seems to be a far less toxic person, isn't that the point of being banned is to make them less toxic. He's not a terrible person and I feel as though this ban was unjust.
1	Can you say, in an intellectually honest manner, that the only meaningful difference between TSM's wins and losses was their toplane choice?  And that the games they lost with Renekton and Yorick were truly the result of those picks and that the wins with Jayce and Shen were truly the result of those picks?   I don't know your numbers background, but I hope you have more than Stats 101 under your belt.  This is incredibly preposterous to attribute the differences to top lane without analysis of the other lanes.
0	While I agree with you completely that most of this is for Karma, it IS an important issue. And I think part of the problem with American politics is that shit like this happens and everybody just forgets about it a few months later. (For example, when HSBC admitted to having spent something like 7 billion dollars on funding drug cartels and anti-american organizations. A lot of people saw it. Nothing was done. ['MURICA!](   While I hate the commercializing of a serious political issue (even for fake internet points), this is something that Americans need to be thinking about daily. Americans should at some point in their day think "shit the NSA isn't respecting my privacy. I wonder if anything is being done about it?" That leads them to restorethefourth.org or /r/restorethefourth and gives them more people for the peaceful protests.
1	Hi-Jacking top comment to explain in case some people might not speak English as their first language or just don't get it:   The bus represents the game lobby, and the first poster says he's forced to make the decision: "Do I deal with this maniac actually trolling, and have to potentially spend 20 minutes ingame with this troll and lose the LP, or do i just dodge now and settle for -10 and the wait 30 mins for the next queue?". Riotpls fix this by letting people in lobby vote to kick certain people if they behave like this.   RiotYmir responds with:  Imagine you could vote whenever someone said "Mid or Feed" to kick them from lobby, and re-queue. This would start a cycle of "Nope. Kick him." Imagine going into lobby with a 3 man premade "You're first pick, but my buddy isn't getting ADC teemo? Vote." That's at least 3/4 votes against you already. Sure someone else in the lobby may want to play, but they can't (or won't) speak up, or the vote just jumps to them. No queue will ever go through, realistically there aren't that many sensible people in every game lobby. Most lobbies will just end with kicks, nobody will even get into a game. The chances of everyone getting the role they seek are so low, it's almost bound to never happen. The League will never be the same.   Super
1	I hate to be the guy that has to say it, but I believe that if this was ever implemented it would only ever work in Ranked matches.   It would never work in Normals.  Blind Pick/Draft, you can have more than two people queueing up together.  This makes it so they can troll whoever the fuck they want to troll in whatever way they can.  This can already cause problems for solo players because then the teamed up players can just mess with the solo player(s).   If this is implemented in a ranked queue, you have a max of two people queueing together.  With a max of one duo queue per team.  Meaning there are two people that may be playing together, and then three solo players.  Two people can't make a vote by themselves.  They have to convince at least one other person to go along with them.  And as long as somebody isn't being toxic, they have no worries.  The other players won't mob mentality that because there's only five of them total.  Mob mentality can't apply there.  Two people can't really start it happening in such a short amount of time.  And if the duo queue partners start being toxic about it, the other three have the power to veto them out of the game.  Which is important.
1	Picture it this way [ NA (3) + EU (3) = 6 ] & [ SEA (2) + China (2) + Korea (2) = 6 ] but then you add a extra team to korea which is why they have 3 now because of all-stars.   Hope that makes it have a little bit of sense.
1	I think they did this because else World's is going to be as predictable as the all-starts. Asian teams are at the moment just 100% better then the NA/EU scene. We have seen it countless time, and if we send equal amount of teams, then NA/EU will  NOT  have a chance at winning anything close to first place.
0	Protip: go to a thrift shop and get either a navy or charcoal suit. Black belt and shoes. Bam. Formal wear.  A dark blazer and match the pants as best you can if you must.   Provided you don't gain a lot of weight you can wear the damn thing forever.
0	I just wanted to say this is bullshit. Be real man.  I had to face a judge once and I dressed semi-formal, nice long sleeve collared shirt, dress pants and nice shoes. I wasn't about to wear my High school prom suit which is the only suit I have.  It was for a DUI/ fleeing the scene of an accident( no one was hurt though my car was fucked). They wanted to put me in jail but I, being young and Educated they seen promise. So they increased the fine and suspension date instead of jail time.
0	STORY TIME! In 2010, I was home from college for thanksgiving. I was driving back from my dad's workplace, and had taken the same road countless times. I was driving like a BOSS with only one hand on the steering wheel while blasting some Rick Ross on the radio. After driving for about 10 mins, I see a cop behind me with his police lights on. As a 22 year old who has never gotten a ticket I kept driving and changed lanes assuming he was after someone else. Few seconds later, I realized he was actually coming for me. So I pulled over. Out comes an obese, bald  white middle-aged officer with sunglasses on along and a dynamite mustache.   Officer: Boy, Do you have any idea how fast you were going? (this was kind of offensive because I am a brown guy in a southern state)   Me: No sir.   Officer: You were going 65 on a 35 zone son. (Oh he called me son! Memo: all cops are not racists)   Me: Really? I am so sorry I had no Idea.   Officer: I bet you are. License, registration, and proof of insurance please. (I give those to him and he goes to his car to write me a ticket)   Officer: So here is the deal, you were driving negligently, so here is a $496 ticket with six points on your drivers license. And here is your courtdate which is mandatory. If you dont come to court on this date, you will be considered a felon.   Officer leaves. My face starts flushing and as a college student, I realize I do not have 496 dollars in my bank account.   So I call my dad and tell him what had happened. Me: Dad I just got a 500 dollar ticket. Dad: how fast you were going. Me:...30 over. Dad: Okay, good luck. (Thanks, dad -_-)   Few days later, I go back to college for a couple of weeks. Here my friends give me all kinds of advise on what to do.   "bro just keep delaying your date"-I am too lazy to do this.   "bro just make up a lie on how you had to go home to get meds for your dad and that you completely froze when the cops stopped you"-hmm I could lie.   "bro just dont go to your courtdate"-yeah I have a few dumb friends.   But the only thing I was set on doing was what I had remembered from my Law Ed class that was taught by a defense attorney. Always wear a suit to court.  This is the easiest thing I could do and requires no thinking or plotting on my behalf   And So I came back home for my courtdate. I put on my black suit and went to the court early in the morning. I was nervous the entire time as I have never taken part in the judicial system. I go in, I take a seat, there are 3 other people before me awaiting their turn.  First person is some girl who is charged with abuse, or negligence. I cant remember. However,after her hearing, she calls the judge a dick and so he gets his cop buddies to escort her out but doesnt change his verdict. At this point, I am twice as nervous as this judge just had a terrible start to his day.   Second is a 16 year old in a hollister T-shirt and ripped jeans who is there for a speeding ticket. The cop who stopped him tells the judge that the kid was going 15 over speed limit.  Judge: How many years have you been driving? Kid: 6 months. Judge: You are to pay the full 200 dollar fine, and no points will be deducted.Thank you. (Okay I am screwed. This kid was going 15 over and no mercy was shown to him. I was going thirty fucking miles over the speed limit.)   Now its my turn. I get up as calmly as I can. My palms are sweaty (insert Eminem lyrics), I could feel that my shirt was drenched in sweat and the suit didnt help. So I go up to the podium.   Cop: Your honor, this gentleman was going 65 miles on 35 mile zone on North main street. I followed him for atleast half a mile before he decided to stop. (Damn this cop just fucked me over by speaking the god damn truth)   Judge: Is the true, son?   Me: yes.   Judge: How long have you been driving, son?   Me: 6 years, sir.   Judge: Do you pleady guilty to this charge? (Im screwed anyway. Its time to end this)   Me: Yes, sir.   Judge: I am reducing your fine to 25 dollars and giving you taking off 4 point.. If you take the safe driving course, your remaining two points will also go away. Are you okay with this, officer.   Officer: Yes your honor. (I love this GUY!)   Jude: Done.   I was speechless, I had no idea what had just happened. I went outside the courtroom to pay my fine of 25 dollars plus fees (total 95 dollars) and ran into the dad of the kid that went before me. Kid's Dad: I cant believe you got off with that. That some bullshit. I was too happy to argue with the dad and so I went on my way took the course a few days later which was 75 bucks and now had 0 pts on my license.   Later I found out that the road i was speeding on was changed from a 55 zone to 35 zone after the development of new houses in the area. This did not make me feel any better because I realized I could have hurt some kid playing in the area.   Moral: Do not drive like a maniac. Speak the  truth in the courtroom when it comes to speeding tickets .Be respectful to everyone there AND WEAR A GOD DAMN SUIT. And just because you live in the south, doesnt mean that all cops are gonna be racists.
1	Well to play devil's advocate, i will use an analogy with a cake. If i order a cake from bakery one and its perfect everywhere (like the frosting and the cake itself and the decorations are all perfect) then the cake is perfect. If i order a cake from bakery 2 and its terrible (just for the sake of the analogy), but the frosting is mediocre, then the frosting is the best part. Does that mean though, that just because the frosting on cake 2 is better than everything else about the cake that it's as good as cake 1's?
1	Here's something that took me 1,5 years to learn. Although you meet lots of players in game, you dont have to interact with all of them. You should mainly focus on your own mistakes and improving your play (which includes teamplay ofc). It's a choice to communicate with someone. You dont even have to mute people. You should just realise that you dont have to respond to chat. Especialy pre 30 it's not as important to win. Much rather you want to learn the game. So focus on learning the game, instead of trying to win. Make mistakes, try out stuff, learn from it, get better. This is also the case with games post 30, and ranked games.
1	While I was going to the post I was watching myself playing tons of teemo games just to get the icon and /flexing it to my friends that literally hates teemo which makes it funnier to play.
0	I wouldn't say they are the best, but they are perhaps the best in a reasonable price range. They are one of the nicest I've used, and are quite reasonable for their high quality sound. Most in-ears that are better cost substantially more, and that sort of money is better spent on Professional grade over-ears.
1	he just explained it?   I like comedy/action movies, you could like horror, someone else romance, etc. It's about personal preference. What I like is not necessarily something you like. I find PL funny and entertaining, doesn't mean you have to. He's just an entertainer, and you're entitled to not like his form of entertainment, just don't expect others to feel the same way you do (read: if you don't like his stuff, you don't have to bother looking at it).
1	Welcome to the world of journalism EVERYWHERE. When you "know" more than the average Joe on a subject, you'll always notice this trend from journalists, a mass amount of them don't do enough research into their subject (just look at the media's portrayal of what a "troll" is) and will get a lot of things wrong, but most people just don't know enough themselves to call them out on it.   Even the majority of "news" nowadays is scavenged from places like Reddit and so forth.
0	I live in a state that does. I'm a firefighter myself, and was talking to a police officer who was offering cover to a neighboring departments medic unit (he was riding back to district with them in the medic unit). A vehicle failed to yield while they were going code 3 (lights and sirens) to another call, to which they got disregarded, and decided to pull behind this guy who finally yielded and the cop jumped out and gave him a ticket. Funniest shit ever.
1	I first played Malzahar and that was some time after he had been released apparently. I ended up building mejay's soulstealer and I started calling him a pancake man cause you could trap people on top of the void (w). I really liked the champ back then. It was nice to get started with him.
1	Quick question.   That "may be cropped" business with the red border: How "may" is may? Is it always cropped? Usually? Sometimes? I used that Diana/Leona art that IronStylus posted not that long ago and since it's already halved, the edge of the image needed to lined up right with that red border.
0	It's probably your fault. Bad braking habits is what causes people to do this.   I am this passenger, but I only do it for two specific drivers. My wife and my brother.   My sister, best friend, and other friend don't get this from me. They know how to brake early and correctly, and they don't constantly "push" the people ahead of them.   If I am a passenger, and there is plenty of room in front and behind us, the three good drivers I mentioned always create as much space in front and behind us as they can. My wife and brother will proceed to push ahead and close the gap with the car in front. They might not ride right up on their ass, but they still unnecessarily get closer to a car despite there being plenty of room on the road.   The wife and brother also start to brake about 2 seconds after I have thought "they should be braking". The three good drivers brake at the same time or before I am thinking it.   Maybe I am being a shitty passenger, but I don't think so, being that there are plenty of drivers that don't make me brace at all.
1	So, how do you go about being a support main and enjoy it? I'm by no means a good support, but I'm working on it because I don't wanna be that guy in ranked that "can't support." However, as a dude that likes to play Top and ADC, I'm used to action and big numbers so I find myself getting pretty bored with zoning and warding.   Are there any champs you would recommend giving a try to maybe spark some interest in the role? I usually play Leona (5-1 in ranked so far) and do enjoy her all-in playstyle, but lately I've run into some pretty nasty, high damage poke supports that cut me down to half health before I even get a chance to land a zenith blade. I've played a couple fiddle games and liked it, but it feels like you need an ADC (and team) that is capable of taking advantage of your fears and reliably turning them into kills.
1	One thing I've not seen is the option of Augment Gravity giving 200 mana, 10% CDR, 5 mana/5, and a 30% increase to cast range on Gravity Field. Yes your Death Ray does less damage but having better CDR, better pick potential and quicker spells makes up for it IMO.
1	Before you judge my comment, Ninfang is a great buddy of mine and I respect everything he does and how he plays Rengar.   But this play has nothing special to it. He takes his jungler's red which gives him a crazy advantage (insta level 2, rengars prime cheese moment) and on top of that starts with a red pot. A fiddle running into a brush where Rengar is located isn't going to be pretty business. The fiddle wasn't even ranked in Soloq and the graves was diamond 1 (5 points). After the fiddle feeds him first blood it was going to be an easy clean up on the graves since he had red to chase him out.   Once you get that big of an advantage on someone with Rengar there is no hope for you. Pretty much sums this game up as the rest was just fiddle having no clue how to play against rengar and Ninfang just being way better than him.
1	I believe it's all to do with confidence when they verse the smaller teams they have the mentality that they will crush and win but when they verse other teams they get into the mentality that they will lose and get stomped so they play re actively instead of pro-actively.
0	I'll probably get internet punched in the taint for what I'm about to write but I guess that's just what comes with being on the internet.   Sometimes you love someone. That person you love is a beautiful flower, you water that flower every damn day for the first 6 months or so. Then the flower gets weeds growing with it. Goddamn weeds. So you pull those weeds and the flower is no longer surrounded by the ugliness and all you see is its pure beauty once again. But guess what, those weeds, those mother fuckers come back. Seems you didn't get their roots, shoulda dug deeper. But maybe you thought that if you got the ugliness on the surface to disappear then everything would be fine. You were wrong. You were so very wrong.   You see this flower is still beautiful and you continue to water it, just not every day, maybe a couple times a week. Sometimes the flower doesn’t want you to water it. Sometimes the flower gets upset that you want more to just water it than to pull the weeds. But it's so much easier to just water it and let the weeds deal with themselves. The flower starts to close its pedals. You try to get them to open back up and they do, but then they close again. While that flower is still beautiful to you it makes you sad that the flower no longer wants you to water it and to be the one to take care of it.   The weeds come back. This time you spray weed killer on them and pull them from the ground. Fuck, you didn’t get deep enough again for those damn roots. Or maybe you did. Unfortunately the roots have already damaged your flower. Even though you got to them it was too late. The damage was done. Your flower is dying. You try everything. Water, miracle grow, more sun light, anything you can think of. You talk to it, wonder what is going on in the flowers’ head but you can’t seem to bring the flower back to how radiant and happy it was when you first started watering it. Yet in your eyes that flower is just as beautiful as the day you first layed eyes on it. You still love that flower, so very much.   The flower closes up again. It starts blaming you for why it’s not the same anymore, why she doesn’t want you to water her anymore. But you have been watering this flower for three and a half years and she wants you to still care for her. But her roots are damaged and you can’t fix them. When it’s cloudy the flower really gets upset, somehow the clouds are your fault but you have no idea how or what you did to make it your fault. Clouds, weeds, pests eating her pedals, too much water, not enough water; these are all your fault.   You don’t know how to fix things. You are so fucking sad because every other flower you watered up until this point has died. You must hold on you tell yourself. Maybe if you get out of your garden and just take a look at other gardens that won’t hurt. Afterall your flower got so upset and refuses to talk with you and tells you that she doesn’t want you to water her anymore. This has happened a few times before but it always seems that you make things better after a few days and things will blow over like before. You’re outlook is slightly different this time because the flower said some very hurtful things. You’ve kept things inside for too long and let them build up.   You decide to take a walk with a friend that night. He leads you to a garden full of beautiful flowers. All kinds. There are roses, tulips, lilies, daisies, orchids…it’s been a while since you watered orchids. One rose in particular would love to be watered by you. She listens to your problems with your flower at home. How your flower doesn’t like the way you water her. How she doesn’t like your muddy boots, doesn’t care for the way you sing to her. But this rose loves all those things and thinks that you are an amazing gardener. So you stay up all night with this rose and talk and laugh and after many drinks you water this rose.   Feelings of immediate regret and self-loathing serge through your veins and take over your body. You run from that garden. As fast as you can. Why would you do that? How could you water another flower? You weep. Your body convulses with shame and sadness. You go home to your garden, not sure of what to do. You don’t want to hurt the flower that you have loved for three plus years. So you don’t tell her what happened. But things are different. You don’t try and water your flower for weeks. You can’t sleep. You can’t look at the person that’s in the mirror. You lose 10 pounds cause you can’t eat. Then one day you can’t take it anymore and you sit down next to your flower and tell her what you did. You see the look in her eyes when you tell her that you watered another flower that was not her. That look will be forever burned into your memory and every time you think of her you picture that look of heartbreak in her eyes. It breaks you apart inside, and forever will.   The flower dies. At least the relationship you had with her. You leave. Nothing more to give. You don’t deserve to have watered such a beautiful flower.   I started out writing this to justify a very few certain circumstances where cheating isn’t as one sided and horrible. But in writing this I remember how fucking shitty and what bullshit unfaithfulness is. Some people say that the worst feeling is being cheated on. They haven’t experienced the pain of looking someone that you love in the eyes and telling them of your infidelities. Now some people say if you really loved someone you wouldn’t have cheated. Sometimes people are weak. Sometimes they can be spiteful. Sometimes they let too much shit build up and don’t address underlying issues. Sometimes you do shit and regret it and hate yourself for it. Sometimes it’s something that you regret for the rest of your entire life.
0	Color blind redditor here.   I have a girlfriend and am too old to fall for such a stupid meme, but the question I have is about: what does this have to do with being color blind?  Am I missing a part of the meme that is hidden from my vision?
0	You really have no idea what is going on in the US, do you?   In short form:  about 4 years ago a law called the ACA (affordable care act) was passed, it was later ruled constitutional by the Supreme Court, and hence is a valid law.  It requires all people in the US to buy insurance or face a penalty from the government.  The law will be coming into full effect on Jan 1st 2014 for individuals, right now congress, specifically the House of Representatives is attempting to add a delay to it (they originally tried to add a complete repeal of the law) as a rider to the budget they are passing.  The Senate refuses to pass the budget as a result of this, which has caused the previous budget to lapse without a replacement, causing all non essential federal programs to shut down until a budget is passed.   This has NOTHING to do with the debt ceiling, which is tackled separately.
0	Today, 80% of music is absolutely atrocious. It is computer enhanced garbage and many love it and there's nothing wrong with that because that's what they like. But that being said there is a solid 20% of modern music that is so stunningly amazing it can be life changing. It's not just one type of music it's in every genre across the board! For example I hate dub step/house music, but dammit there is some out there that is just remarkable and I respect.
1	Sigh.. not sure why Fizz should be nerfed out of the big 4 assasins. He is the only one that CANNOT farm from ranged. His ranged abilities when used to farm put him into melee range of creeps, so that cannot be used as a counter argument to the fact that fizz cannot farm from ranged.   The same thing that happened to Twisted Fate is going to happen to fizz. Like Twisted Fate, there are many counters to Fizz. Ever tried playing against a Malzahar as fizz? RIP. Diana does extremely well against fizz too. The only thing is, rarely are these champions picked against fizz. just like Twisted Fates counters at his time of greatness, no one thought to counter pick TF and then he got nerfed, and to top that off the sudden rise of his 2 worst nightmares, fizz and ahri have completely ruled him out of competitive play.
1	You just said good and bad players play Champion A. So the second factor is dead even. 1/1.   This is a false assumption. You're assuming equal numbers of good and bad players play Champion A, which is not something you can assume, especially given that most of the playerbase is not what you would call "good". Particularly on higher skillfloor champions like Zed.   The second problem is that certain champions (like Zed) have higher skillcaps to go with their higher skillfloor (aka learning curve), so really pro players can do amazing things with them. Cool, so far, so good. However, the bad players see the good players doing awesome things and think they can do that as well. Then they lose.   So a champion can be really good and still garner lower winrates because said champion is only good in the hands of someone with skill, and there are vastly more people without skill than people with skill.   For a clear math example, let's break from reality for a second here and say that I'm Diamond 1 and thus considered a "good" player. For every diamond player there are at least 10 bronze-silver noobs who will play the same champion, particularly if said champion is considered "OP" because their kit is strong. So unless I'm playing the same number of games as 10 bronze/silver noobs (which would probably necessitate playing nearly 10 times the amount of games I would normally), odds are good that the bronze/silver noobs will bring the winrate of that champion down.   And that's assuming I win every game, which I most likely won't.
1	The problem is Chaox mostly has fun at other peoples expense. He's always laughing at someone or ridiculing someone. It makes a lot of us uneasy.
1	The fight was Nice, but you actually used a way to edit that i've always loved so far (with the bot voice) and Turned it into a god awful clip.
1	It's not necessary a problem with clamping.   An interesting effect of Riot's promo system is if you win a lot starting from a lower division (e.g. from Silver V-III then win all the way to Silver I). Because of the wins, your MMR becomes gold-level. However, because the system won't let you just go to gold, you still have to go through promotions multiple times.   This creates a problem if you are in Silver I with Gold III-II MMR. Instead of needing to win 3/5 games vs Silver I MMR teams (which any Gold III-II should be able to do), you need to win 3/5 agsint gold III-II, which is much harder! all while losing LP on losses despite having much higher MMR than their division.
0	John 16:12.
0	Howdy! Getting into games is a fairly simple process! If you have a desktop computer that was made in the last 5 years, I can recommend a fairly popular puzzle game called portal! It is a breeze to pick up and play, and it is challenging enough towards the end to give you a sense of accomplishment. If you dont have a computer that can run it, I recommend picking up a earlier console called an N64. it was made by Nintendo entertainment in the 1990's and many of the games it has are iconic, cheap, and great party games (Mario kart 64 springs to mind) Even though it is dated, they are still pretty ubiquitous and very easy to find if you know where to look! A beautiful journey awaits you and your SO will be very surprised!
0	Then you'd probably have more fun with a Zelda game (they're awesome). First person shooters (for the most part) probably won't be your thing. Most Blizzard games are also war/fighting-related, though with very different mechanics. If it's the war, gore, violence, whatever that doesn't resonate with you then you probably won't enjoy those either.
1	I've gotten to gold 4 with the vast majority of my games being karma either top or mid. You have 3 ults that do 3 different things. If you play like one is the best that should be used all the time and another is the worst and should never be used, you aren't playing her right. Each bonus has it's own ideal situations that it should be used in. When sieging and trying to poke from afar, your mantra'd Q along with a self shield to get yourself into position, and you start widdling down their health bars. Once a fight breaks out, you have your options open to how you want to play out the battle. Mantra Q will give you the best shot at nuking one of their squishies, and the slow can open up opportunities for your teammates to move on them. Mantra W is great for when one enemy is seperated from their team and you want to have a 1v1 duel with them, the damage is not to be underestimated, mantra'd W will always deal more damage than getting just the first proc of mantra Q, only the combined two mantra Q procs will add up to being more damage than a full mantra W. The heal is incredible for baiting, either under turret or engaging on the enemy laner that is trying to finish you but has no more cooldowns or tools to use on you. Mantra E really shines in teamfights, if you wanna to sit back and play the role of crazy fed support, karma does it well - sit right next to your AD carry and keep your shield on them as much as possible. When a tank comes to get at them you can easily peel them off with your slow and your root. With enough CDR and AP they won't be able to get through to the carries you are protecting.
0	The boy is happy to eat a hamburger.  He dreams about making the hamburger.  But he knows he has to do good in school.  As he concentrates on his schoolwork, the vision or reality of the dream sadly slips away.  In the end, even though he is a "succesful astronaut," he is sad because he just wants to be the burger flipper.
0	Basicly, the comic is saying that the world makes jobs like flipping burgers look so bad and only the "stupid" people do it. We don't allow people to follow  their  dreams and become whatever  they  want to be. Instead, we force them to go higher, even if their dream job is flipping burgers.
0	They told us growing up we could anything we wanted, an astronaut and President were their favorite examples. I'm 6'5 and foreign, so I can be neither.
0	Because "education" has become a self-serving industry driven by the standards of people who never left academia. Of course they think these things are great career choices; they don't have a clue what people in the labor market want.   On top of that, now that everyone thinks they have to go to college, banks and governments have created programs that allow anyone access to cheap (ish) loans or free money. This, in turn, causes the cost of education to inflate. A good parallel would be the housing bubble. The problem was that anyone could get a loan without any evidence they could ever pay it back. What happens when people can get $1mil loan with no down payment or proof of income? Housing goes to insanely inflated prices that make no sense, the bubble finally bursts, everyone in these programs loses their house. Eventually the "education bubble" in the US is going to have to burst, but until it does, we are going to continue to see rising tuition prices, bigger student loans, more people making their money entirely from academia, and bigger regrets from the people who made bad choices based on bad data given to them by people who are "more knowledgeable".   Plus, we are going to see continued vilification of laborers. Fast food workers, farm hands, welders, construction workers, all of them are going to get an even worse image than they already have. Then, unemployment will be even worse, because people won't want to take jobs that they "went to college to avoid". It is no wonder teens (in my area at least) avoid trades like the plague. In high school we were told that we need to get in to a "good college", which meant expensive college. When my wife told her English teacher what school she wanted to go to, the teacher said, "You know you can get in to a legitimate school, right?" Yes. Never mind that this particular university has one of the top programs in the nation for her major. Let's go to one with a more "prestigious" name that has 4x the tuition cost plus higher cost of living.   Wow. That turned into a rant. Sorry.
0	Yup, I work harder than all my coworkers and now i'm stuck having to work  2 extra hours once a week (No over time pay) so i can take out trash and mop the floors. Solely because I'm the only employee(in my position) that  occasionally   help at the end of a shift because everyone else would leave ASAP to avoid helping.
0	You should have let a cart accidentally hit his car.   I never really got along with school, after I graduated I kind of just sat around and played MMO's till my dad got sick and passed. Found a job handful of months later at a retail store, everyone bugged me with "Are you in college? Why not?". It was pretty annoying to be badgered by random customers about it. 2 years later I am the manager of the same store(no prior work experience besides pushing carts) and my DM talks highly of me.
0	I went to Uiversity for 5 years and got 2 degrees. A friend offered me a job doing road works when I graduated while I looked for something in my field so I took that. Was doing the stop/go sign outside a school where we were working and people would always make jokes about what qualification I needed etc (mostly light-hearted jokes but still pissed me right the fuck off). Took great pleasure in telling them infront of their kids that I went to University and would up a road worker so I should have just gone straight into that line of work after high school. They all tried to hurry off before little Jimmy or Sally got bad ideas about doing physical work.
0	Yeah, I worked as a maid at a high end resort and had these horrible guests say the same thing to me and a fellow employee. Both of us are working on masters degrees and worked there to pay the bills. Our boss was out in the hallway and told us to stop cleaning up her spilled bath water, said some curt, but truthfully things to the woman and we all left. The guest complained, but the resort values their employees so much that they asked the guests to leave. It was very rewarding,
0	Happened when I was younger, but have a read.   Round 1 Working at a Walmart at 18 as a stocker in groceries, I knew where a thing or two was located. An older woman came up to me and asked if I knew where a certain item was, lemon juice I think, so I answered with it location, aisle 5 top shelf above the tomato juice and v8. Her reply was that she was just there and it's not where I said it was, so I walked her over. To which she said somebody just stocked it so she missed it.   Round 2 Some old lady, same question, different item.  I gave her the answer, but this time she didn't believe me and asked for a manager. Ok, whatever, I spot my manager cruising , so I flag him down. Tell him the lady had a problem with me, but she wants ITEM and its located at LOCATION. Tells me not to worth about it and off he goes.   Round 3! An hour or so later, here she is again. She sees me and starts to ask me the same question of another item, but this time she sees and older worker behind me cleaning some shelves. Flat out tells me she sees a more experienced worker so she'll just ask them instead. I watched her walk over to the "More experienced" worker, ask the same question and to my surprise they walk back to me.   "Hey NerdxRage, this woman is looking for Cheese cake mix, do you know where it is?"   "Yes  I do, it's at aisle 7 above the sugar past the marshmallows."   "See I knew you knew where it was, I just don't know why she wasted my time by refusing your help the first time," and she made sure the old lady heard her.   One of the annoying things about customer service. I'm young, have shaggy hair, and don't have a smooth shaved face. But I do my job, do it right, and do it good.
0	So instead of a non paid day...you're using your vacation days. You do realize at most jobs you can just ask them to do this for you.  Vacation is just PTO, use it how you feel.
0	Confront the possibility (and the thoughts) that it could all go wrong with the fact that it could go right.   I understand that dealing with people is a difficult, complex thing and sometimes people and situations demand things of you that you may not be prepared to give, but I urge you to try.   I think it most effective to simply surrender to your own hope and innocence; to aim for the best possible outcome. If you fail somewhere along the way, stay humble and honest. Do your very best to identify the SOURCE of whatever problem you may have, and respond effectively - without shame.   You are who you are, broken or damaged though you may be, because of a number of things that are far beyond your control and because of some things that are. Try to identify them all. Study them. Try to figure out what you need most and see if you can find a way to combine those "ingredients", those factors, in such a way that you maximize personal and mutual/communal benefit.   If you need a break but can't afford a vacation, search for an unexplored place nearby OR  within . I find that simply laying down and taking a second to enjoy it is better than many of the things that I've paid a notable amount of money for.   I'm a bit off-track but feel free to ask anything that comes to mind. We're all on the same journey.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
0	Really interesting analysis on leaf blowers in Freakanomics. The usage of a leaf blower is a socially unsustainable activity. Unless you gather them up, you're only ever moving the problem somewhere else. The only reason they work is because not everyone is using them. If everyone (including city street clearing) used them, the leaves would just be constantly moved around, and no-ones yard would be clean.
0	For as long as I can remember my mom has had a feud with our neighbor.  To this day we are not sure who started it.  My mom swears she saw him tossing his golden retrievers shit over the fence into our yard.   He claims it was her (Which is weird cause I was the one on Poo duty). This went on for a few years.   It all culminated one day,  she was working in her garden next to the fence and next thing she knows poo just starts raining over her.  She freaks out and starts yelling at him and throwing a pile of compost back.  They start fighting and he gets his hose and starts spraying her.  Finally they both come to their sense and realize they are having poop fight and go inside.  To this day they have never spoken about it.  I won in the end tho.  Took his youngest daughter's virginity on his water bed.
0	Why drive at all?   To get from A - B quicker than normal? To avoid the use of public transport? Convenience? It's your job? Physically impaired to walk? Because you enjoy driving? The list goes on   Yes you're right, some people should never drive sober, but two wrongs don't make a right. Yes, it's not heinous to drive under influence but you are making yourself less able than normal... why? What benefit is there? When doing things that risk lives, why would you ever, ever, not take every precaution you can to ensure you don't manage to kill others or yourself?
0	I agree so much with your statement.   I was walking to the bus one day and was crossing a small intersection when this little pickup truck stopped right in the middle of his left turn. I thought he was going to ask me for directions or something, but he started rambling to me about this pizza place a few blocks away and that if I ever needed to take a date anywhere that it was a great place to do that, and it's never very busy because of the location, but I shouldn't get the pasta, just the pizza. I ended up having to just walk away because he wouldn't stop talking and I was going to be late for work. This experience really scared me because I hadn't really thought about the fact that people who were obviously mentally unstable would be able to get their driver's license. Or that the people doing the driving tests would overlook someones mental instability and allow them to have a license.
0	I'll agree to disagree.   Just think about it this way; Mentally handicapped programs are good, but not all mentally handicapped people will get anything good from them. Because not all mentally handicapped people have the same handicap, they are all different, and unique in the way that they learn.   This is the same as any other situation with any other group of people. Every person is different, no program can honestly absolutely cover every single person, but the fact that the program exists is a good thing.
0	generally speaking if a teacher is dealing with children who are that severely handicapped they are specially trained this generally includes at minimum basic first aid but often the training goes further. Generally these aren't normal teachers in classrooms with these types of students (that only happens at severely underfunded districts which brings a whole new set of problems) these are teachers who've chosen to go into this niche field of special education....   To me the revision sounds like we need nurses looking after these not teachers... but when you consider specialized training these teachers get and that generally this is their chosen field you start to get into a game of semantics. If someone can perform the basic functions of a nurse and teacher (bear in mind teaching in these cases usually has more to do with helping develop coping mechanisms and learning how to communicate on any basic level) what does it matter if I call them a teacher? I don't think you sound cold-hearted, I just think you haven't really thought the issue through... unless you're voting to just kill or neglect handicapped people which in that case you can go fuck yourself, but I don't think that's the argument you're making.   My point about all the other issues is not that this is the place to discuss them, but that they all should be dealt with before the issue brought up can be thoroughly examined. So what makes a productive member of society? someone who works at a factory? is productivity in society based on a paycheck? what is productivity in society based on? if we are going to determine that then we should consider the function of society. what is the function of society? is it to consume? to produce goods? help people?   My point being how can you measure any individual as a "productive member of society" without understanding what productivity in society is and you can't begin to understand the answer to that question without understanding what the function of society is.   All of this and we haven't touched on measuring the value of a person which is at the root what this post is about...
0	I'm really astonished how out of place the phrase 'contributing to society' gets used. Contribution to society is an obligation that should be fulfilled according to one's wealth and abilities and is in no way a measurement of 'goodness' of a person.   It's not like you are contributing more to society just because you have more money or do more voluntary work. Everyone is obligated to do his share. You're doing more? Enjoy your karma, have my thanks and my admiration. What you're doing is a gift to society, and I wish there'd be more people like you.   You're doing more and feel entitled because of it? Suddenly, that's a bit like 'I gave you that nice necklace for christmas, so you have to blow me' in my ears. Know what? Blow yourself, then. Gifts are a sign of appreciation, not a way to buy friends.
0	Close.  "If you find a man seeking only the affection of those who are great, depend upon it he is ambitious and self-seeking; but when you observe that a man seeks the affection of those who can do nothing for him, but for whom he must do everything, you know that he is not seeking himself, but that pure benevolence sways his heart."     Charles Spurgeon
0	Let's learn about meat!   Cows and sheep have very dense muscle tissue, dense enough that the bacteria you generally find on steaks and lamb can't quickly migrate very far into the meat, they just live on the surface. Over time the bacteria can eat through it and make it go rotten, but unless your cow was horribly sick or your steak has been left out for a few days, heating the very surface of the steak above 160 degrees Fahrenheit (344.26 Kelvin) is enough to kill any dangerous pathogens. This really has little to do with regulations; it's not challenging to keep the interior of a steak relatively bacteria-free.   Burgers throw this rule out the window, because they're made of ground beef. Grinding up the meat moves all the surface bacteria around, permeating the entire burger. That's where meat industry regulations come in, hopefully ensuring that you won't get sick eating a medium-rare burger, even though you didn't cook it enough to kill all the bacteria at the center.   With chicken and turkey, the muscle tissue isn't dense enough to prevent the spread of bacteria, and a large percentage of commercially-bought chicken and turkey meat has salmonella on it, which permeates all of the meat, so you have to cook it all the way through.   Pork can contain Trichinella spiralis, the roundworm that causes trichinosis, which can be fatal. T. spiralis dies at ~150 degrees Fahrenheit (338.71 Kelvin), so even questionable pork is going to be safe if you cook it all the way through. People still get trichinosis from eating undercooked wild boar here, but the regulations are good enough that it's safe to eat medium cooked commercially-bought pork.
0	I tried to find the clip, but couldn't... My favorite episode of Grey's Anatomy (I don't watch anymore) features a cameo by Faye Dunaway as the aging Dr. Campbell who refuses to admit she's become obsolete.  Her excellent bedside manner and years of experience with her return patients allows her to explain away routine mistakes as "complications". I haven't seen the episode in forever, but I think she does a gall-bladder operation by hand when newer, laproscopic procedures (which she refuses to learn, because of the  back in my day  bullshit discourse) could have done the job much better.  Toward the end of the episode, after Dr. Yang (Sandra Oh) embarrasses her in front of the interns during a surgery she has a Oscar-worthy meltdown screaming "THIS IS STILL MY O.R!!!! OUT! EVERYONE OUT!!!"  Then they fire her.
0	I am not an EMT. I am a paramedic. I give a wide range of drugs, intubate, cannulate, read ECG's to reasonable depth, and do a variety of other interventions that EMT's can't (in the UK).   He is no longer a Health Care Professional, and has been retired for 2 decades. He is from the 'old school' of medicine. You know, where women were pretty little things in uniforms, and were laughed at for being considered able to go higher than nurse. Ambulance men, were just taxi drivers, with a stretcher to scrape people up, and nurses were just the arse-wipers, and gophers. He has not had a clinical update in 30-40 years.   His 'tests' for me would be stuff that we would see every day.   An example:   UNCLE:- You are called to a man in the road; he is seemingly unconscious. What do you do? ME:- Well, check for danger, try and get a response from verbal, then pain stimuli, then assess his ABC's.  UNCLE:- Ah, yes, but then you notice an empty bottle. Now what do you do? ME:- Assume it must be Friday night, and I must be in a town in the UK, but not rule out medical or trauma causes. So get a blood sugar, take other observations, such as pulse, BP, oxygen saturations, and do a full secondary survey, to assess for trauma, from the head down. In the event of no obvious cause, and irreversibility with anti-opioids, transfer to the appropriate A&E dept at hospital, depending on if there is stroke, cardiac or trauma as a potential cause. (in the UK there are specialist treatment centres for these things).   At this point my uncle, would usually try and go to a depth of medical knowledge that would be beyond me, but fail, because his knowledge has diminished, and he thinks I am just an ambulance driver. Which I am not - I drive a car.   I don't pretend to know everything, and there is an enormous gap between General Practitioner, or in fact ANY medical doctor, and a Paramedic, There is no disputing this, and I would not even try. But my uncle is not a GP any more, and has not been for some time. He would not be able to cut it in the modern world of medicine. He is quite patronising, and also rather condescending with his manor, as I imagine he has always been to his staff, and patients, because that is how a lot of them were in the "good ol' days".
0	Copy/pasted from another response.   I am not an EMT. I am a paramedic. I give a wide range of drugs, intubate, cannulate, read ECG's to reasonable depth, and do a variety of other interventions that EMT's can't (in the UK).   He is no longer a Health Care Professional, and has been retired for 2 decades. He is from the 'old school' of medicine. You know, where women were pretty little things in uniforms, and were laughed at for being considered able to go higher than nurse. Ambulance men, were just taxi drivers, with a stretcher to scrape people up, and nurses were just the arse-wipers, and gophers. He has not had a clinical update in 30-40 years.   His 'tests' for me would be stuff that we would see every day. An example:   UNCLE:- You are called to a man in the road; he is seemingly unconscious. What do you do?   ME:- Well, check for danger, try and get a response from verbal, then pain stimuli, then assess his ABC's.   UNCLE:- Ah, yes, but then you notice an empty bottle. Now what do you do?   ME:- Assume it must be Friday night, and I must be in a town in the UK, but not rule out medical or trauma causes. So get a blood sugar, take other observations, such as pulse, BP, oxygen saturations, and do a full secondary survey, to assess for trauma, from the head down. In the event of no obvious cause, and irreversibility with anti-opioids, transfer to the appropriate A&E dept at hospital, depending on if there is stroke, cardiac or trauma as a potential cause. (in the UK there are specialist treatment centres for these things).   At this point my uncle, would usually try and go to a depth of medical knowledge that would be beyond me, but fail, because his knowledge has diminished, and he thinks I am just an ambulance driver. Which I am not - I drive a car.   I don't pretend to know everything, and there is an enormous gap between General Practitioner, or in fact ANY medical doctor, and a Paramedic, There is no disputing this, and I would not even try. But my uncle is not a GP any more, and has not been for some time. He would not be able to cut it in the modern world of medicine. He is quite patronising, and also rather condescending with his manor, as I imagine he has always been to his staff, and patients, because that is how a lot of them were in the "good ol' days".
0	serve you something that doesn't reflect their art/skills   'Fuck what you want, I'm an artist!'?   That is ridiculous.  I have a colleague who is the CEO of a billion dollar a year company.  Like me, he has issues with textures.   Rare steak makes him throw up.   An oh so clever chef pulled the 'You ordered medium well, so I'll deliver completely rare' thing.  A table of 20 people, who ended up spending about $7,000, ended up at a different restaurant.
0	Rule #1: Just because you are a male, does not mean you need constant "coaching" at cooking. Especially if you are a professional chef. It's also not "cute" when a male is trying to cook, and obviously has the right experience and knowledge...   Rule #2: Do not assume you are better at cooking from other people just because you have been cooking for a long while. There is a huge difference between a cook and a chef.
0	people have been ignoring your order and deceiving you.   How fucked up is it that they can't be bothered to tell you how they  actually  cooked your meal after you've enjoyed it. If well done is that bad, and my order was ignored and made medium well, I'd like to fucking know so next time I know what to order and don't look like an asshole.
0	I find this truly an interesting test of a persons financial status growing up. It is usually also a indication of the class of person, not always. Seeing someone request a steak anything above medium rare seems that they have never had a good steak or one prepared correctly. I have family that is rich and family that is poor so I see a stark contrast in how each orders food. Wealthier people almost always order a steak medium rare to rare and no steak sauce, or ketchup (cringe). There is a reason McDonalds puts ketchup with everything, including their shakes. It is to mask the poor/bland flavor of their food. The reason people had to cook their steaks so much was to prevent food born illness due to poor refrigeration and lack of money so food was kept on the shelf longer. This was also the reason most southern food is so spicy, they were some of the last states to get refrigeration so meat was often rancid and spices were used to mask the bad flavors.
0	It wasn't so much the war but rather poor understanding of food-borne illness and proper ways to handle food. The war which I'm assuming you mean WW2, propelled biological research and that continues through the cold war into today. This led to a change in thinking about how we handle and cook our food. Let's say for instance in the past they knew that rare meat got you sick and that it was somehow related to bacteria, So the official safe guideline was cook it all the way through. Later on someone figured out that If you kept meat cold before you ate it there would be less existing bacteria to start with and cooking 80% of steak would still maintain it at a safe level. The official safe temperature is lowered but med-well to well is not a vast enough change to cause anyone to change their ways. It wasn't until years of research and emergence of newer generations to adopt the practice. This was also spurred on by the advent of Americas large super-corporations and their test kitchens. Companies like Hormel and Kraft put millions into finding out exactly how to keep their meat from spoiling for the longest possible time. This combined with the food distribution infrastructure created by those corporations led to the widespread availability and affordability of quality time/temperature controlled meats. Organizations like the Pork Council spent millions on education to boost sales of pork since you can eat some cuts medium rare with about the same risks as eating a med-rare cut of beef.
1	In terms of learning ADC on a higher level, I'd say tristana is one of the best champs to do it with. Went from silver 1 to plat 1 pretty much exclusively with her. She trades very well, is very forgiving in terms of being able to get out of sticky situations with her jump and ult, and by playing her, you begin to see the mechanics of what makes an adc.   Past lane phase, her damage is pretty much entirely autohits. This lets you practice simply autohitting on a high level, like firing a shot and moving immediately to cancel the rest of the animation, or using the A-move feature to fire quickly on the run without having to worry about actually clicking on the enemy. End of the day, with enough Tristana, you learn what makes an ADC: Positioning and autohitting. The number one reason that Tristana wins games is her ability to do those two things absurdly well late game. Her w lets her jump around to reposition after every kill/assist, her passive range increase keeps her at a safe autohitting distance, and her ult lets her peel for herself, giving her all the tools to autohit and position at will. Not to mention a 90% attack speed steroid to help out those autohits.
0	My dad bailed for a  crazy  bitch who had previously accused a guy of rape, went to court where it was proven that  she  broke into  his  house, and he was out of the country on the night in question.   Same bitch got drunk, fell and slammed into the sidewalk, accused my dad of beating her. Went to court judge threw it out....they were back together the next day.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
1	While watching high-elo streams I saw some awesome things people could do with Riven out of curiosity I wanted to know how they do it, I stumbled over a Video that shows what kind of animation cancelling you can do with her it's far beyond the animation cancelling other champions usually can, so huge congratuliations to everybody who can pull those amazing things of  but  the problem with it is that her skills can just come out insanely fast and in very quick succession thus dealing lots of damage (some might even want to say:  Tons of Damage ) in a very short time this leaves the space for counterplay incredibly small causing threads like this one and being very frustrating to play against a good Riven will also get catched very easily. Riven's kit can  if executed properly  be very good at dueling enemies and evading enemies, her 3rd Q can jump over walls (which isn't easy to do, at least not for me), she has a shield that is combined with a gap closer an with the right animation cancelling almost instant stun and an Ultimate which executes very well and increases the range of her abilities and auto attacks. The overall counterplay to her kit is very limited as most of her abilities are most instant e.g. her stun you can just E and then W stunning the enemy for 0.75 seconds while shielding which should give you enough protection to reach your 3rd Q stack to knock the enemy up combined with a few auto attacks and maybe a Tiamat or Hydra this should be enough to bring the enemy very low making her Ultimate very dangerous as it is almost impossible to evade it as it moves as fast as the old Zed Shadow (around 2000 Missile Speed) making it incredibly hard to dodge especially for people with slower reactiontime or not so good internet connection. All this make her a frustrating enemy to face, especially if the player behind it is very good with the animation cancelling.
1	they used to have that as kayles passive, and it made her incredibly broken (was like s1 or something). if they make it like it, it'd be incredibly op like it was on kayle, except people will abuse it on people like jax, who are already incredibly strong atm. or if it was given really low values so it's not over powered, it'd very easily be underpowered and never used.
1	That's possible. I've been gaming since the mid 90s on PC and since the 80s on consoles. I've also been a heavy PC user for well over 20 years.   A few years ago I started to develop a pain in my left wrist area (around the tendons), as well as stiff and sore joints in my hands, especially my index and middle finger. Between long office hours (programmer) and all the extra time gaming, I figured that it was between CTS and the early stages of rheumatoid arthritis which runs in my family.   Anyhow, around this time I had just gotten into weight training. I noticed within the first month that my hands didn't ache nearly as much, and that the joint stiffness was almost gone too. I decided to apply the training directly to my hands.   I bought my first set of Captains of Crush hand grips (.5) and used them every other day (the knurling is rather rough on the hands at first) but I can close the .5 (120lbs) like nothing else. After using these for a while, the pain is completely gone and my grip strength is far better. I was already deadlifting a lot more than that but it applies differently when you're directly closing just 1 hand on it. I also started using the hand bands they sell and I've been pain and stiffness free for a long time.
1	Not meaning to be a dick here but this is already Ro8 so...   Now on a serious note, I think the best solution would be merge both teams to make a really competitive one and another who could work as a nice sparring while developing new talent.   My best guess would be keeping Shy as top lane and Flame to mid (several times has been stated that he wrecks Ambition there) I've been liking Daydream so he should be in jungle. With both Madlife and Space on bot lane. While many show no respect for Space I find him to be the most consistent player on Frost (even more than our beloved GodLife). That team would wreck many teams, the thing is that SKT T1 K and KT Rolster Bullets are way beyond the other teams, the champion of Winter should be the winner of that semi, anything else would be an upset.
1	Yeah because the reason this kid didnt just make a new acc is because he has skins/champs etc that were bought with RP.   You are an idiot if you think that, because its a free game, that riot are not money hungry.   Let me ask you this then, If someone is permabanned, why are they not IP banned like EVERY other game on the face of the earth. Why? So you can create a new account, do the same shit, and spend more money.
1	Laning phase he is very strong, I will agree with you on that with his ability to gank, and his strong poke, but during team fights he can't really do much except poke with his Q. Most likely late game he won't be tanky so he can't initiate as well.
0	The whole "men get raped, too" argument isn't helping anyone   Sure, how about that:   Since the vocal minority of your gender called feminists, which emerged as a bunch of too self-conscious women who thought women of early to-mid 1900s were informed enough to have the right to vote and should've been gone by now, but for some reason continues striving completely discredits the fact that male rape is somehow important (but not female rape), we, males, have to play passive aggressive because of the stereotype-based patriarchal society you have been helping us to build throughout the millennia?
1	I'll be doing like why team x picks  champs a b c e f and team y picks 1 2 3 4 5. then how team x is playing their comp against team y then, team decision making like vision, objective and map pressure, over all somewhat like why team x is doing this against team y and team y should this when team x is doing this.
1	people are only moaning about the meta because it doesn't match their playstyle and they are reluctant/don't know how to adapt.   In actual fact if you look at the game it has never been so balanced before, if they make any major changes to the current meta I can't see it being for the better. Early game is no longer as strong, but if you get really ahead you have to be much better than the other team and actually use your advantage and keep playing well to prevent the other team from coming back, this punishes teams which are lazy and start derping after they get a lead thinking its a win anyway. In the snowball meta you could just get a lead, derp around and still win which is kinda unfair and sometimes luck based. If you look at the champions they are actually really balanced atm aswell, win rates for the best champions are at around 53-54%, which are usually much higher at around the 56-57% mark. This suggests that the game is really balanced and many champions can have a big impact and no one champions just stomps everything, i.e. team composition and skill/teamwork with certain champions is more important to win games. This is even evident with bans as now when I play there are so many good champions to ban that i struggle to decide which one to choose.
1	Supports need to support with their kits and not with exces gold they get now. They need to be cc/utility bots. They dont need fucking lyandries on zyra (even if no one plays zyra atm). Fiddle was in perfect spot before his fear nerf. That fear was what described his personalty as a champion and as a support. He had that long single target hard cc with decent silence and decent dmg if he gets off nice ulty, there was no need to nerf him so hard since tenacity already had great impact on fear duration (longer cc duration more longer you negate it with tenacity). We now see leona with gold close to junglers even if she is supporting and she turns into fucking super cc tank. That wasnt supposed to happened. If she is supporting she should have decent and maybe below par tankines compared to top laner and jungler. She now just becomes even more tanky then jungler and has far more superior cc. Leona just outshines rest of supports traditional or not traditional. There is ofc thersh that i think is in perfect place when it comes to kit but he too becomes too tanky with excess gold he gets in this preason.
0	Feminism is gender specific in name.   That's because it's 100+ years old.  I modern corollary is the "Gay Rights Movement".  Gay Rights isn't about giving rights to gay people that are denied to straight people... it's about equality for people of all sexual identities.  The fact that it's name is specific to one sub-group is because that is a notable subgroup that is lacking their basic rights.  Feminism started the same way;  it's for gender equality, but was named for the group that was lacking rights.   > Feminism is gender specific in message   Well yeah, it mostly focuses on women.  Because (for the most part) men don't need that much help.   Now I need to be clear here.  I'm  not  saying that men have everything perfect.  Gender roles  definitely  hurt men as well.  But when you put things on a theoretical scale, it's clear that women are more disenfrachised and men are more empowered, on a societal level (your individual results may vary).   So the end result is that feminism focuses  more  on womans' rights, but it  also  pays attention to the general abolishment of gender roles.  While feminists will campaign strongly for little girls to play with legos, they'll also advocate for little boys to have dolls.   On your 2 topics at the end, I fundamentally disagree.   For one, I don't think equality is about "lowering" anyone.  It should be about raising us all up to the same level.  You seem to think that feminists need to do things that detriment women in order to be advocating equality, but being a detriment to  anyone  is bad.   I also think the main goals of feminism are  universally good .  It doesn't need to target a specific group in many instances, because it's just good for all of us.   Here's an example; feminism is against the idea that women are weak caregivers and men are strong breadwinners.   Now an obvious way this sees play is for gender equality in the workforce, the glass ceiling, all of that.  But let's look at another side of this:   Custody battles.   Currently, women win custody battles in 90% of cases.  You may be thinking "Yeah, gender equality should fight against that!".  Well... feminism is.   The reason women are awarded custody is because our society says that a woman's role is as a caregiver.  By erroding this societal standard, there will be a shift in the way these court decisions are decided.  For every new stay at home dad supported by his working wife, it becomes easier to award custody to a man.   By the same token, men pay far more in child support than women do.  This is because of the gender role that men are the breadwinners.   Again, feminism is very very against this.  The more women we have in the workforce, though, the easier it becomes to decide that a man should be awarded custody  and child support payments  from his ex-wife.  Something that is currently nearly unheard of.
1	It's alot of older players, and it's actually pretty interesting from a sociatal stand point how all of this went down. Pretty much he started the reignofgaming site, which consisted of a few tier lists. These tier list were the first real guide lines to non pro players on what to play and how strong it was. People acted like these tier lists were the bible and it ended up being a HUGE detriment to the league community. It gave people a reason to be toxic, and because a pro stood behind it there was a huge circlejerk if you picked anything considered low tier, playing then was infuriating. People really disliked him for it and bashed him REALLY hard. Like people have killed themselves over some of the things people were telling him, it got pretty out of hand. So he went on tilt (I'm assuming now) as he is an emotional guy and got kicked from team after team. Now people hate him just to hate him, kinda like teemo, and he rages alot but that has more to do with actual trolls who are actively trying to lose games they're in with him. And that's where we are now.
1	Is he still considered a professional? I'm genuinely curious about this. He was a professional player at one point in time, but now he isn't good enough to play for a professional team (at least in terms of LCS and such since he isn't on a team anymore), so is he still considered a professional? Or is it more like he WAS a professional LoL player?   Are people considered professionals forever if they make it to the "pros" for at least 1 season or something? Or are people only considered pro's as long as they are in the professional leagues?   Sorry for somewhat repeating myself, but yea...
0	This reminds me of a time when, many years ago, I regularly parked my car across the street in front of the place I was renting.  I had to do so because of reasons. Anyway, one day the guy across the street uses some hot asphalt to make a shitty (and illegal) ramp so he can get his car up onto his front lawn.   He already had one driveway.   He proceeds to inform me that I can't park on the street anymore because "it's his driveway now, and it's illegal to block a driveway."   So, before I was born, my dad used to work for the city planning department. He knows his shit about zoning and permitting and all that red-tape. So I ask my dad, "what does the code of our fair city have to say about arbitrary driveway declarations?"   My dad informs me that one needs to obtain the city's blessing, which is expressed in a form known as the "curb-cut permit," if one wishes to do such a thing.  So I ask the asphalt-pourer if he's gotten a curb-cut permit.   "No," he says, "I need to park my car on my lawn so it's my driveway now."  [His attitude when.](   Well, it was a huge pain in the ass for me to park my car anywhere else because of reasons. It was entirely legal for me to park on the street as I did, since I moved the car at least once every 24 hours.   So, one night I got drunk, and (at about 2AM on a sunday IIRC) took a sledgehammer to that bastard's sorry excuse for a driveway: just whalloped the living shit out of that pathetic asphalt ramp. In the space of five minutes I had scattered it all to hell and back.   Fuck that guy. If he'd gotten the permit, I would have said, "fine, I'll park up the street." Due to the high density of rental homes on that street, each spilling over with slackers and their tatty vehicles, it would have been about 200 yards up the street, though.
0	While I agree, OP seems to be going for the low hanging fruit making fun of the people who argue the most extreme and idiotic versions of these arguments. While there are people who argue for the most extreme versions of these statements, I think there are plenty of non virgin, non sheltered, adults who could intelligently argue the underlying sentiments behind the two issues. Such as "you should try to be financially stable before you have kids" or "regardless of the attackers gender you have a right to self defense."
0	Ok, first, IANAL and I don't know where you live; but I'm an old fuck, with kids, and plenty of experiences with leases, breaking leases, and landlords.   Ok, here's your first issue. Does the lease provide for an early termination of the lease? Sometimes it says you can leave by paying 2 months or something. If not, do you have something in writing saying you're supposed to pay "half" or some other proportion? How did you determine what is "fair" and what's "overcharging"? Without that, you have a history of what you paid prior, which is going to make it look like that's what you agreed to, and now you've had a change of heart. Saying he lied to you, when you signed a lease with numbers on it and you've been paying X amount, isn't a very strong argument -- I wouldn't want to be in your shoes telling a judge "hey, i didnt know what I signed" or how much the lease was or how much i was paying (%).   More bad news. You can't break the lease (usually) without both Land lord and your co-signers agreeing (and, if one or both agrees, i'd get it in writing). Otherwise your roommate can come after you to hold you to the lease and/or (definitely) the Land Lord will hold you and roommate to the lease terms. And, either roommate and/or landlord would win, if it goes to a judge and one or the otehr want to make you pay. Roommate could probably get you to keep paying what you had. Landlord usually can make either of you liable for the entire remaining rents.   I'd be sure I have some casual pictures in my phone of my stuff, and it's condition; so if shit starts to actually turn up damaged, you can sue roommate for its replacement... and btw, his sublettors or guests are his responsibility if they break your shit, either way.   Now, ratting his extra sublettors out to the landlord, in a nice -- "hey, here's a heads up and I don't like it and can you break our lease or otherwise evict us" might be your best bet to get out of this bad deal.
0	Background:  My friend met a seemingly nice and mentally stable girl. After 6 months, she mentions that they should move in together (sign one).  They look at a house to rent.  Due to time constraints, they need to make a decision within three days.  He gets cold feet, and she gives him an ultimatum, either move in or break (sign 2).  They move in together, and so starts her very erratic and bipolarish behavior.  This past Friday, they meet up for happy hour.  She asks, " how much do you love me?" Him, "ehhhh."  In all seriousness, she asks, " is okay if I sleep with my boss to get a promotion?  It's not a big deal. It's just sex."
0	You gotta do this dude, honestly hes intimidating you to control you, and no offense, but your letting him do it by playing this powerless character.  Avoiding confrontation is not the answer here.  We're often told that fighting is not the answer, but this is one of those times when you gotta stand up for yourself.  If you do nothing this will just continue and even worse he will do it to others as well because he now knows it works.
0	Sociopath is a dated term, but it's usually used these days to describe psychopath-spectrum behaviors. These would include things like diminished empathy and remorse, and disinhibited or bold behavior. While those could be the case here, whether or not someone's a psychopath depends a lot more on their internal landscape.
1	You're taking what I said and making it sound black and white. Of course taking some steps to learn builds, meta, and overall flow of the game is needed all of which can be studied through videos and streams. Normal gives you little to go off of. AI teaches you how to play your champ and helps you calculate damage output of whatever you are playing. Although in normals you play against players who may have various play styles I have seen players who mainly play AI get the best of players who have over 1k games in normals. That being said, it might have to do with the fact that some people who play AI just push and exploit the fact that bots can't do certain things to get fed while others spend time practicing mechanics/champions within a stress free environment.  If this was me beginning of last year I would tell you bots offer you little, but after playing with many players who play bots I have come to the conclusion they honestly give you a better foundation for new players. You can learn and play the game at your own pace without teammate confrontations. I have been playing since Season 1 and lately I have been playing lots of AI or Ranked. I'm gold on 2 smurfs and was Plat 1 last season.
0	I'm 48. If I started smoking 1 pack a day when I was 18 at an average cost of $5.00 I would have spent approximately $56620.00. I've got way more than that in my bank account but you can't see it, you'll just have to believe me, or not.
0	My mother divorced my Dad, drugged me up after being diagnosed with ADHD. After she couldn't handle me she sent me to live with my father.   Oh she divorced him because he hit her. So yay, great things coming my way.   Dad beats me with a belt at least twice a week. Several times to the point where I couldn't sit down. If you haven't been spanked till your ass is completely bruised... Yeah. Torture is a more relevant term.   So my Mom finds out about this after a few years and takes me back one Christmas. Oh, guess what? I'M A RAGING PSYCHOPATH NOW! I don't have the adhd symptoms, but I like to hurt people. I'm also weird as fuck because I attended a Christian school.   Mom can't handle me, go figure, and sends me BACK to live with my Dad. It's like... as long as she doesn't have to see it it's ok.   Same old shit happens except this time my Dad takes the extra step to homeschool me. So I get extra quality time with this asshole. Oh and now he has me working as a roofer for $2.50 an hour. In mother fucking FLORIDA. Try heat index of 140 on the roof in summer.   So beatings happen, I'm getting brainwashed into Christianity like you wouldn't believe.   Somehow I end up back with my Mom. My brain is fucked for this whole period of my life so I don't remember why. After about two months I put my younger brother in the hospital with a bat.   Yup. Back to live with Dad. He finally throws me out while I'm trying to finish high school. Move back home with my Mom at the threat of being homeless and join the military.   The ARMY undid a lot of the damage, and grew me up fast. I wrote off the half of my family that knew what was going on with my Dad. I still love my Mom.
0	Lol screaming parents are the best. I was in a modern warfare 2 game a couple of months after it first came out and everyone was aware of "No Russian" So this mom comes on after hearing some guys and I in the lobby chirping her son (who had been calling everyone fags, cunts, pussy's but suddenly stopped when his mom came in.) so she puts on his mike and starts yelling at us telling us we should be ashamed of ourselves blah blah blah. Now believe me when I tell you that everyone in this game went after this mom asking her what kind of a terrible parent she is letting her son play a game like this, asking her if she was cooking meth and thats why she didnt know about the game being so violent. anyway this went on for like an hour before she rage quit haha.
0	I had an ex whose mother had this mentality. Her son was constantly in and out of therapy because he was pretty disturbed. He would claim he saw things (murderers, ghosts, etc) he would also make death threats towards his family.   One day his mom after receiving a suggestion from one of his professionals asked me if I could help her tell which games were good for someone his age. She couldn't believe the M rated games were not ok. After all video games are for kids. In the end she took them away for a day but then gave him them back when he began to cry because he wanted them.   To be honest I still believe he doesn't have any mental issues other than being manipulative because when I dealt with him he knew I didn't take shit and he never ended up giving me any. Whats worse is they had multiple professionals tell them the same thing but it was more convenient to believe he had the problem and that it wasn't the mothers parenting. So when a professional told her to change parenting styles she just went to another professional until they agreed with her.
0	This. Even if he did live in an area where there is a large gay social population, most of the ones that go out and are social are younger (in their early twenties to mid thirties). Just remember /u/Phaesus, you can still be yourself, even though you're out. I am sure I can figure out how strange it can be for a recently uncloseted older gay man. When I used to go to the gar bars with my friends, most of the older men there were creepers who gave off weird vibes and tried to get my friends to blow them. Not cute. However, you may be able to get in touch with some other older professional gay men through social websites. If you live near a big town (like Cincinnati or Los Angeles for example) check out their subreddits to see if there are any activities going on there. If you are from a smaller town (like mine) check something like Adam For Adam (I am guessing you might know what that is) I don't know what all you can search for on A4A but I am sure you can probably find people that are around your age that do want to hang out and do more than just hook up if that's what you are into.
0	Anyone can claim a religious affiliation to any extent of orthodoxy   This is a desperate last-ditch attempt to be allowed to wear a beard, but there is a legal definition of "religious affiliation" and you're required to meet it to get an exemption. You can't just claim you're a Muslim or something and therefore can't shave. You need the assertion of a religious organization to qualify. I, personally, have terminated people for lying about their religious affiliation in order to get around rules (though not at Publix). It's a real thing, it really happens.
0	Get a forced air respirator and you won't have to have a seal against your skin we got them at my job and the lifted the beard ban. It's like a head bag with a air pump that is on a belt that goes on your waiste
0	Well ultimately one could simply ask them, would you rather live in Africa or the First World? And should they prefer the First world, then they themselves got the good end of the deal for their lineage, the suffering of their ancestors, which I am in no way justifying, benefited them in a way that I, among others, view as a very large reason behind their current quality of life, and possibly success.
0	To be fair this is nice and all but its not good for business, it can outweigh the pros of lower labour turnover and the higher motivation for straight overheards.   It can spell the end of businesses to use this practice.   The trouble also is that if it ever couldn't happen then it can destroy motivation and expectations of the staff to a point that its more detrimental than the benefits it was giving.
0	Mental issues? So a third of the country has mental issues?   You realize there a plenty of regular ol' overweight people who just never learned proper portion control, right? It's a country wide cultural problem 30+ years in the making. Increase in poverty, the rise of dual-income households and takeout, increase in indoor entertainment, decrease in PE funding, increase in restaurant portions and free refills, emphasis on sweets/processed food for a few generations of children.   A 400 lb person probably has some serious personal issues to worth on, yes. But a 200 lb person? There are plenty of happy-go-lucky overweight people who simply need to make better dietary choices and improve their eating habits.
0	Actually, people who need to lose weight need to eat more, in most cases. There is a reason why people who only eat a meal or two a day don't lose weight, it's because their metabolism gets all out of whack and their body hinges on those one or two meals a day for all their energy. If you eat every 3 hours or so, your metabolism keeps burning calories throughout the entire day, rather than going through the peaks and valleys that one or two meals a day would put it through.   So long as you're eating healthy (lots of protein and veggies; complex carbs like whole grains, broccoli and sweet potatoes & unsaturated fats like almonds, olive oil, avocados and salmon) and exercising regularly, your body will naturally lose weight.   It's not a magic pill or a potion, you just need to set yourself up for success with discipline and planning. For example, I cook all my meals for the entire week on Sunday to help stave off any temptations during the week. When I get hungry, it's easier for me to grab something from the refrigerator than it is to go down the street to the fast food place.
0	Within Christian mythology it's a huge shift in direction, you are absolutely correct. However, the reason for the shift in direction I believe has much to do with Judaism losing power/influence while that region was occupied by the Roman Empire. The old testament writings for the most part were about a nation of people who had many successful war campaigns and conquered a decent amount of land. It also talks about the exploits of mighty kings who had Yahweh, the war god of Judea and Israel, at their side. All in all the Old Testament is about a nation of people who had the power of the god of gods supporting them.   During the reign of the Roman Empire, Israel was not the mighty nation it had once been. Many Jews would have been a lower class and therefore much poorer/powerless, than their Roman counterparts. It could have been possible that a few people within Judaism, began a new movement, or perhaps multiple movements that preached salvation for the meek and oppressed, rather than beating the war drums or sounding the horns of triumph as was seen in the old testament.   The New Testament has an overlying theme of hope for the weak. The Jesus figure was not a powerful king by earthly standards; he was just a handyman by trade. He was a figured who recognized his lowly position in society, as well as, the position most of his followers in that society. He preached patience, non-violence, forgiveness of your transgressors/oppressors, and that those who lived a good life loving God and being satisfied with what they had, would find salvation and happiness after death.   If you look at the history of that area of the world, in particular the history of the Hebrew people in that part of the world, you see a nation that was once a powerful force, but had their power stripped from them twice. Once by the Babylonians and once by Rome. The Old Testament and New Testament, aside from being fairly historically inaccurate(wrong dates, wrong leaders,etc), do for the most part reflect the time when they were supposed to have been written.   Admittedly, some of this is my own speculation. However, it is not unreasonable for the history of those people to be reflected in their holy books. Many other religious mythologies do the same thing.
1	hate the Koreans   Worst
1	It's easier to influence the game as a midlaner but a good Jungler will have much more impact on the game if he plays right. Mid lanes all abaut map awareness and jungle is all abaut objective control. as Jungler, you control which objectives your team is going after. If your seen Bot lane defending a split pusher the enemy team has a tower in bag. If your position is unseen the enemy team can't realy play agressive
1	I may not have the 90 minutes to watch all the way through, even though I do appreciate the detail and work he put into this.   Anyone have a
1	Wow Phreak, if I ever get to NA, I will buy you a HAT! Respect for the time you've put in this!
0	I disagree! I have alot of good friends and they know I have a big mouth and talk alot of crap, but guess what! When shit breaks down, they know that I'm there. I'm not the "best" best friend. I'm only human and i say stuff I dont meen.   I think you just have to be honest about why you do stuff. I always stay behind what I said, even if it makes no sense and was hurtful.   But honestly, I'm probably the one who says sorry the most..
0	What cookie says.   It makes me super sad though. I didn't lose my virginity until 20 days before I turned 19 (Note so I don't seem like OAG here - I only remember that because that date is also my first ex's birthday).   But, even with "good" education for sex ed there is still tons of misinformation because it doesn't want to upset parents by teaching kids how to be safe. What I remember from my high school is that anal has no chance of pregnancy, oral can't pass STDs, that only fully straight and fully gay are your sexualities, polyamorous/open relationships don't exist, only condoms and the pill will prevent pregnancy, ad infinitum bullshit.   My school at least mentioned to take the birth control pill every day, and someone I went to high school with called me sobbing one day because her period was one (1!) day late and she's like "You wanna be a midwife, you're from a family of nurses, you must know!" So I grill her for a bit and turns out she hasn't taken her pill in about four months... Aye. :(
0	11,670?](   If you can figure out how to afford an iPhone, cable, and a car on $11,670, you probably make a lot more than $11,670.   $11,670 per year is $972.50 per month. If you deduct payroll tax using  this payroll tax calculator , that comes to $186.57 per week. There are ~4.3 weeks in a month, so that leaves $802.25 per month.   An iPhone costs what, about $60-70 per month? Cable costs about $100-110 per month. A car costs what, $100-200 per month?   Let's say you pay the  absolute lowest end  of those estimates, $60 iPhone, $100 cable, and $100 car. That comes to $260.   Can you pay  your  rent, your utilities, buy food, buy clothes, and pay for your other living expenses on $542.25 per month?
0	I don't know all the ins and outs of all religions, but I don't see what makes one religions creator any more or less credible than others. Nobody was there centuries ago when they were created, and they all require a leap of faith that atheists and science abiding individuals aren't willing to make. Joseph Smith, or the person who coined Judaism or Christianity all made a similar leap of faith, and it's not like those religions have clean hands either. There were wars over them, and I'm fairly certain most of them make enormous amounts of money off of their followers and tax free status.
0	I work with an atypical Mormon, I guess. He drinks soda. That's kind of his drug of choice. He limits himself, though. Him and his family do not dress a certain way. He curses like a sailor and talks about railing his wife all the time. His wife was actually Jewish before she converted. He's also into heavy rock, which features some very un Mormon lyrical topics.   He does go to church for hours every Sunday. His wife is his only partner ever, and they abstained til marriage. Basically, he is the opposite of an extreme Mormon, but still very faithful to his religion and church.   It's funny, we have guys night out where a few co workers will hang out after work then see an action flick. We all smoke and drink, but Mormon dude just chills with us without partaking. We're all pretty sure he got a contact buzz one time. Good stuff. Great guy, though.
0	Another interesting distinction or fun fact.  That is, if I recall my doctrine correctly (exmormon.... wow, it's been 24 years.)   Mormorns believe that the members of the traditional trinity are 3 distinct persons (or rather personages in the mo lingo). And so...   Celestial: God the Father watches over this kingdom and ministers to the people there who attain an exalted state like god himself. Like growing into full potential of spiritual adulthood. But requires rites of passage others have mentioned (whether done in life of in proxy after death).   Terrestrial: While calling the Celestial his home, Jesus the Christ will minister to the people here. Basically, any reasonably good person on earth will be in an awesome place with an occasional visit from Jesus (whether they believed in him or not.) For many Christians, this is sort of exactly what they are hoping and praying for. I hear it's nice.   Telestial: The Holy Spirit (aka Holy Ghost) will minister to people here, although he will have been given a physical body at that point, like all of god's children. Sort of like your conscience personified and being your pastor, I guess. It's important to not that that this is where liar, cheaters, thieves, etc end up. So like others have said, it's still a "heaven" and level of glory... just with like minded souls to keep you company. Mormons who just turn their back, not on the church but on just being a good human end up here just like other pricks of humanity.   Outer Darkness: To get here you needed to have been one of Satan's followers before Earth, or have had to KNOW (i.e 100% fact in god and his plan for mankind, as is seeing an angel or something like that... which you really can't deny... but do anyway.)   Fun Fact: People from higher levels can visit lower levels. So you may not be with all of your family all the time. You can still visit that dickhead sociopath of a cousin in the Telestial Kingdom.
0	I attempted to take it. I left almost 1/2 the answers blank. Most of the kids in the class did as she said. One girl who was close to the family simply sat there, never picking up her pencil, and just gave my teacher the stink eye for the entire period.
0	This isn't something that's okay to say  ever .   Speaking as someone with depression who has struggled with self-harm and suicidal tendencies and lost some people to suicide, this is about one of the worst situations I can imagine.   Not only did those students just lose someone who they had known and gone to school with for some time but then a teacher decides to impose her religious views on the matter? Scratch that. It doesn't even matter that it's a religious view. I'm religious and I'd never say shit like that.   You know why? Because things that can spark depression include [feeling like a social outcast, prejudice, and stress]( and if you're a close friend of someone who has committed suicide because of depression or something else, odds are that you struggle with similar issues.   People with depression, like me, tend to group together because few other people understand the mindset that leads you to thinking in this way. My two best friends both also suffer from depression, panic attacks, and self-harming tendencies.   This aside, being in a situation like this is bound to induce situational stress because most people would intrinsically disagree with the teacher's assessment but they are in a position of authority. [Stress is one the largest factors into psychological breakdowns]( and what that teacher just said will not be helping anyone.   Not only did this teacher slander someone who had just died, they also hurt other people who knew that person through their words and actions. That's not what a teacher is for.
0	Ex-mo here. Mormonism is very much a religion of lifestyle and ritual. You not only go to church for 3 hours every Sunday, but you accept unpaid assignments such as Sunday school teacher, bishop, Nursery teacher, clerk, etc. You follow a strict "health" code - no coffee, tea, tobacco, alcohol, recreational drugs, dress code - must have sleeves, no low cut shirts, shorts/skirts to the knee, no unusual hair styles, no body piercings other than one hole in each ear for women, no tattoos. Of course there's no sexual activity of any kind before marriage, in fact many are taught to suppress even sexual thoughts or anything that makes you feel aroused. No swearing. Women and men are expected to fill traditional gender roles and support traditional gender roles in society. Marry a Mormon and make lots of Mormon babies. Go to the temple often and perform spiritual rituals. Pay 10% of your income to the church. Do lots of community service. Mormonism has an entire culture and mindset and education system that totally shape the mind and life of a person in it. If you're dedicated to it then it dictates every aspect of your life and identity, and it teaches that if you don't follow all the rules and do all the things, you need to or God will be disappointed in you. Sorry for wall of text, on my phone
1	dude, the feral flare is just a time bomb like any other champs (vayne, ryze, jinx, lucian, and lots more) you just have to deal with it by counter jungling the opposing jungler, warding, etc. plus this is a good way to bring out some unpopular champs back to the scene. Remember when you only had lee/elise/kha/vi ? they just increased the number of stacks needed (even if the tooltip on the buff still says 25) along with the numbers of junglers that could be played without having a great disadvantage (even if it creates a bigger advantage on the endgame).
0	I make a living on art. Honestly I think it is way easier to find a job in art if you mix it with something more technical. Digital artist isnt exactly the easiest gig to land, but its a whole lot more of a 'career path' than lots of other artistic offshoots. I left my job to take care of my daughter full time for a couple years, but I still get easy 40hrs/wk of freelance work making characters for games.
0	It depends on the needs of the establishment owner. There are some places around my city that have their entire menu written up in chalk. These places might also have a menu that changes about once a month as things go in or out of season.   If I'm not mistaken, the establishment that popularized this look for my town was [Jeni's Splendid Ice Cream.]( The image in the link may actually show an old chalkboard as these days they tend to get a bit more fancy with it. So Jeni's might hire someone to go around to all of their locations and redo the chalkboards about every three months. It would be more practical than depending on the regular staff to do it as a trained artist/designer could give more consistent results. But that might not suit everyone's needs.   There's a board game bar here that hired a designer to write on four pillars covered with chalkboard paint. She did a highly designed look on  most of the surfaces and then left a blank section for the staff to write in or erase what's currently on tap. They might not ask her (or another artist) to come back for several months (or even years) to update the design.   Then there's Giant Eagle Market District... They have chalkboards all over the store. Bakery, cheese, wine, produce, restaurant, and the in-store coffee shop all have chalkboards that change on a weekly or monthly basis.   The bars in the trendier part of town use a mix of freelance designers and people who are already a part of their staff. If they have someone on staff who's got a little talent, they might just use that person's skills. But that part of town has a little chalkboard out in front of just about every establishment. Bars, antique shops, thrift stores, restaurants, and curiosity shops all have them. It's hard to walk 20 feet there without stepping around one. Since the area is saturated with that kind of thing, establishment owners are a little more willing to hire someone who'll make something that really sticks out.
0	There's nothing wrong with being an art major. Honestly, you should only ever major in something that excites you. If engineering or programming excites you, you're probably going to live a pretty easy life. You're going to find a job relatively easily and you're going to make a lot of money. Now, if you hate programming and do it for the money. Then, well, your work life is going to ruin you.   On the other hand, being an art major is a little bit harder but equally worthwhile. It's going to be harder to find a job and it probably won't pay as much, but if it's what you love to do you have to buckle up and pursue it. At the end of the day you'll be just as happy as the engineering major/programmer. However, if you pick an art major just because it's easy and you have no real passion for it, then you'll probably live a life of unfulfilling work and low pay.
1	Farming is rarely a problem in low MMR. That's just what people assume, because they can't see that what's really holding them back is very poor decision making and understanding of the game; nobody really wants to think they consistently make  terrible  decisions and read situations totally wrong, take the wrong action, go to the wrong spot, etc. You need almost nothing in the way of mechanics to get out of that range IMO, just to actually think about what's going on all throughout the map and play according to that, as opposed to tunneling on - well, anything.
1	Uhh... That's actually incorrect. Luck has an INCREDIBLY small effect on your MMR, seeing as how it can take over 100 games to climb a single tier (not silver-> gold, but silver 2 -> Silver 1) if you truly belong in that division/tier.   When you FIRST get to a new division (that you have rightfully earned and not been boosted/ect.) then yes, your win-rate should be roughly 50% since you're playing against people just as skilled as you are; but the more you play against those players, the more comfortable you get playing at that skill-level. Eventually, after enough practice, the quality of the players in the tier you are in will be below what you have achieved from your hard-work. You will carry more games and therefore get placed in a higher tier, and the process starts over and over again.   Even if you were supposed to be in bronze elo, if you (somehow) always played against low-gold players, after enough games you would learn what it takes to be a gold player.   Obviously the ELO system prevents this sort of thing because a mid-gold player will dominate a low-bronze player and reduce their MMR down to where it should be, but I'm just trying to show that luck has almost nothing what-so-ever with the tier/division you're in.   People have said it a billion times, and I'll say it again. If you're in bronze, your skill level is bronze. I've never once seen a platinum-ranked smurf get stuck in "elo hell" in low-silver ELO because they're better players.
0	actually, as proteins coagulate (cook) they squeeze out water in the meat so the more well done it is, the drier it is.  however, those parts of the bird that are submerged in broth will suck in water as osmosis attempts to balance the saline concentrations. additionally, the more connective tissue in the meat, the better it responds to long, wet, low-heat cooking, "tenderizing" and "moisturizing" the meat.   source: im a chef
0	They sell it at that price to get people in the store who are hungry. If you buy a cooked chicken for $5 then you're more likely to buy a cold salad or fries while you're there too, which causes the customer to spend more then what a raw chicken would cost($8-10).
1	I think it's interesting how up to Season 2, and even for a lot of Season 3, ADCs were ticking timebombs of "you can't deal with this" three shotting tanks, and when they are finally brought more in line with other roles everyone loses their minds.   There was a great post on the forums a while ago that highlighted this attitude. ADCs getting bursted too hard? Better nerf burst mages and assassins. ADCs not doing enough damage? Better nerf tanks and tanky items. ADCs were the center focus of balance for the LONGEST time, mostly because they were the center focus of every team comp and strategy for the longest time.   Now other roles can carry just as well, but it feels like ADCs are so much weaker. While they are weaker comparatively to Season 2 and 3, they are more in line with other roles, and we should really only be more concerned if they have less impact than any other role.   Riot has decided that every role should have the opportunity to carry in some form, ADCs were the strongest role for the majority of the game's history; significantly stronger than top lane, slightly stronger than mid, and incredibly stronger than support or jungle. Now junglers and supports are much better, ADCs are slightly worse(lets not pretend they don't hurt with a crit item or two), mid lane was a bit better for most of Season 3 and 4, but is more in line after the last slew of assassin nerfs. Top lane is kind of a wild card, with picks like Jax or Nasus that can hypercarry, but other picks that can have questionable effects on the overall pace and direction of the game, to the point of borderline uselessness.
1	ADC's shouldn't be some kind of role that gets literally shut out by a top laner with randuins or a midlaner with dfg. The whole idea here is that riot doesn't need to take stronger adc's and nerf them into the ground like they did sivir and draven but they need to make adcs exell at specific things. This is just a small example like lucian hes a lane bully he is meant to be that way and there's no reason to nerf him but champions like lets say quinn shes very unique in many ways but just the way she scales early and late make her an impossible champion to win with regardless if your good enough to solo carry. This isnt a good concept for a game because league has over 100 champions in it and about 17 are classified as adcs/marksman and i don't think i've seen anyone in challenger that mains adc and their top 3 champs aren't lucian, cait, sivir, or twitch. that's 3/4 out of 17 champions riot offers for marksman. Where the hell are the other 14??????????? They are useless and non-existent and for a good reason they cant deal with the season 4 meta of tanks being unkillable damage machines and mages that will instantly kill you even if you position well.
1	I think ADCs are in a good place now. They are not super broken, 2 shotting tanks, like they were at the start of pre-season 3 when I started this game.   They also still do the most end game damage overall and most certainly carry games if protected. My game that just got me into G2 was all about protecting our trist who was doing huge amounts of damage.
1	This is true, but if you play enough games your win rate will be at ~50%.If you are very good, lets say prof player, then yes you could have a lot more. For most of us, if you play well you get a 52-54% win rate.   If you criticize one game, then yes. I just had yesterday a game where we had a huge lead, our amumu wanted a 2 man baron and when the enemy team came, he didn't let baron regenerate and just kept poking it. Resulted in him dying and giving baron. Changed the whole game and we lost.
1	Exactly. Pretty much any of the popular supports shit on Kog for the first 20 minutes of the game. I actualy think that it's perfectly fine for supports to have a strong laning phase, but I think some ADs just have ridiculously weak laning phases. I think Rito is putting too much emphasis on damage values when trying to evaluate how weak a champs laning phase has to be to justify his lategame.   Lategame dps is not just about the damage part, but also about the "seconds" or time part, which is where especialy Kog has problems. Having an escape mechanism effectively gives you more dps because you survive and deal damage for a longer period of time. This is also where cast times and animations come into play. For example, Vayne, Twitch have all of their damage bound to their autoattacks. There is no additional animations they have to go through to put out the maximum amount of damage. Varus, Corki and Ezreal are the exact opposite, in that they have a lot of power bound to cast times and animations and need to go through these and "waste time" to deal the maximum amount of dmg. Cait, Lucian and Quinn (in that order) are somewhere in between casters and autoattackers, seeing as they have fairly long animations they need to go through, but also a fairly powerful autoattack steroid.   You could argue that early to late balancing being too much about the damage aspect of "DPS" is the reason why champions with a flatter powercurve are more effective. Cait, Lucian and Twitch are prime examples for this phenomenon. Only in rare cases like Ryze, Jax, Renekton, Vayne and Lee Sin a bigger amplitude in the power curve is worth it.
1	As a Twitch player, Twitch is nothing more than a product of the Meta right now.   You ask why he was less popular for a while? It's not the new model. Twitch was insanely popular in the 2013 Summer Split, but you did not nerf him out of popularity, the reason he faded was due to meta shifts.   First and foremost, twitch's largest weaknesses are high burst that he can't stealth away from, and enemy champions with quick harass patterns that can get in, do damage and get out before twitch can stack his poison and Contaminate for massive damage. Near the end of the summer split, the assassin mid lane became very popular. While bad news for many ADCs, Twitch was one of the most affected, as he relies on his 850 range in teamfights to survive, and Ahri and Zed could close that distance instantly. Twitch was suddenly a lot less powerful.   Then, the Trinity Force rework happened. Suddenly burst ADCs like Corki and Lucian were not just viable but top-tier, and twitch's biggest weakness, early game burst lanes, became the standard bot lane. About this time, the high-burst Annie support also rose in popularity. After Corki got nerfed, the bot lane meta shifted to Sivir/Jinx/and/Lucian ADCs and Thresh/Leona/Annie supports. Bot had become a deathlane that Twitch was not suited for. About this time the tanky rushdown top meta was in full swing. This meta was bad for any ADC without an escape or movespeed steroid, Twitch among them.   Twitch does not thrive in this environment at all, and became one of the least picked ADCs at the time (barring Quinn and Urgot), sitting next to Miss Fortune and Kog'Maw in terms of popularity. (Also big 2013 champs that got ousted due to the meta.) But meta is change. No meta lasts forever, and with the season 4 changes to snowballing, assassin mids fell out of flavor and building for late game suddenly became more preferable. This put carries back in the top lane instead of Mundo and Shyvana.   Another unexpected thing happened about that time too. Morgana took to support, weakening the bot lane all-in lanes, and Lulu and Soraka became popular in solo lanes, giving Twitch his much needed peel late game. This allows Twitch to operate at full capacity.
1	Im not sure about twitch tho,im feeling like Twitch is MF lategame version.   But Lucian is more like Ezreal 2.0 and his kit is amazing but not overpowered. I just totally agree that ADs are generally not that good. Either they are good/ok for laning but not good afterwards or they are (super) bad early/mid but good late. This including laneswaps,2v1 or 4v0,2v2 and generally duel power.   Twitch is imho only played because he has a MF like ult(and MF was so broken season3 beginning(was s3, right?) that destroyed the enemy team alone and he has with his ult such a high range that it doesnt matter that much that he has no escape, because you just need some champions to iniate and twitch can autoattack for free for ~2seconds without interrupting.
1	Mf buff is good but not great. Caitlyn is still there, ez is still there, he just needs to snowball hard same with sivir same with jinx, which after ADC nerfs it's pretty hard to, draven is a draven story; Draven Draven Draven Draven Draven.*
1	I feel that Lucian is what an adc  should  be. This is because he has decent wave clear, mobility, early, mid and late game. He also has a passive that suits his role very well.   Twitch is what an adc  could  be. He has a far more niche role an an AD pseudo-assassin. I think his skill set and character design are good and fit the role. It should not be replicated though.   Lucian's should be. Ezreal is a character with a similar skill-set to Lucian but worse scaling due to lower base attack speed and attack speed per level, purely because of his passive. He has a passive that increases his AS but then a base AS lower with low enough scaling to almost negate it. Makes no sense
1	I feel the changes on season 4 to make carry jungler viable, huge tanky tops like Renek, Shyvanna, Mundo or Trundle and a shifting midlaner meta between high sustain/shield champs like Lulu, Orianna or Kayle and bursty champs like Syndra, Le Blanc and Orianna turned ADC in just anti-tower champs and not the DPS champ it used to be   I stoped playing ADC cause I can't deal with some extremely dominant supps like Annie or Leona, later in the game I couldn't do anything against the super tanks that hard-force an engage allowing that bursty champs to instakill me. The only thing I could do was trying to survive doing poor damage and help destroying towers   I'm not complaining that a bursty champ can 100-0 and ADC or that supertanks can force an engage so hard. But the combo of this two things, with tons of heals, shields, scaling utility and carry/assasin junglers is just too much for an ADC   But at the same time there are not too much items to play ADCs as anti-tower champs, ADC build is pretty standard and unless you pretend to stack BTs there's nothing that gives you just AD or AS everything comes with crit. that doesn't give anything to that job
1	Not sure if you are trolling... But I'll explain anyway.   Two things. First of all your list of options in other lanes show perfectly why we need ADCs in botlane. Because with very few exceptions the champions simply don't work outside of 2 man lanes. (Or free farm laneswaps.)   Why do teams need ADCs? Towers. You could easily build a composition without an ADC, that will beat most ADC based compositions in straight up fights. They would however have problems sieging or defending if they get behind.   Your argument is that if a role is necessary they must be balanced or even OP, which from a mathematical standpoint might be correct. ADCs are OP in the same way supports where OP in earlier seasons because they were the ones who could provide utility while buying wards.   Outside of sieging they feel lackluster. And if your team is bad at pealing they are completely useless. This is especially true for non pros (so just about everyone), which contrary to popular belief is a lot more important than the pro scene.
1	I personally feel movement should mostly be based on what a champions role is designed to be.   Take Braum for example he is a big guy which in real life would usually mean he is slower, plus he is carrying a huge shield, lets compare him to a worlds strongest man competitor - when they are running with a heavy item they don't go fast they can get at best a jogging speed, but he has a ms of 335.   Now we take Ezreal he is a small guy with not much to carry, his body build and characteristics as an explorer allow you to assume he should be able to run a hell of a lot faster than braum (yes with all the belts he would slow down but lets ignore that fact), now ezreal has a base ms of 325 which is 10 slower than braum's base ms.
1	For what it's worth if I were forced to guess I'd say you were making that up (statistically you, as a random person on the internet I know nothing else about, are most likely to be at the middle of the pack for any given game).  But frankly it doesn't matter whether or not you're being truthful.  Nothing you just said makes my statement concerning probability any less true.  You could be the best player in the world at every video game ever made and your success rate in those games would still be determined by probability.
1	This goes back to balance changes.  If they nerf those adc's being able to carry in botlane will be near impossible.  Where I am at in platinum it is extremely hard for botlane to carry, even when your adc gets 5 plus kills early.  I know this because I main support and make it really hard for my adc to lose lane.  Thus we usually win lane but it doesn't matter if another lane does poorly.  Bot has nearly no carry potential.  If they nerf the main strong adc's bot will be completely irrelevant.
1	This exact same post came up at the end of season 3 and got over 3000 comments:   **[Dec 2013](   So, what has happened since December, 2013? Here's an adc-specific cliffnotes of each  patch :   3.9= Corki (+)   4.1= Jinx (-) (E damage reduced at early levels)   4.2= Ashe (+) (Hawkshot "buff")   4.3= Corki (+)   4.4= Ezreal (+) Kog'maw (+) (increased dmg for AD Kog, nerfed AP ratios, however) Sivir (-) (Q nerf) Tristana (+)   4.5= Graves (+) Miss Fortune (+)   4.6= none  Twitch VU, significant [increase]( in Twitch play persisting still   4.7= Miss Fortune (+/-) (increased AP ratios, not very impactful as ADC)   PBE currently= Tristana (+)   2x:Nerfs, 10x:Buffs   So are there any "I'm so glad they are tweaking other ADC's every few weeks and making them more viable" posts? no (well, I found  one   I don't believe the "buff other ADC's" is a viable argument. To say that Twitch/Lucian are disproportionately awesome, but shouldn't be touched is obviously silly. Each ADC can't win 50+% of their games, it's just not reasonable. Options exist outside of Twitch and Lucian - use them.   The bottom line for me on this issue is: (
1	The thing about is that it's a company who put their community before money. It has always been a pioneer for gaming people who play LOL tend to forget its a company with multiple AAA games and have been around for a while now and even own Steam! In saying that, Valve aren't doing this for their own profit even though they have made around 10million in their own pocket after costs and all. So its something Riot can learn from, because Valve put the community first, it's a community that wants to help itself out. Riot can still keep their way of hosting a tournament, but also take on board a community driven prize pool and with that probably beat valves records. Their is no reason Riot shouldn't do it, all they need to do is hope their community is like valves and they need to risk a little of their own.
0	It's absolutely ridiculous. Mark Cuban is not a stupid man. If Mark Cuban had prejudiced feelings, towards any race, he would NOT come out and say it, in light of the current situation. He's not defending Sterling, and he's not say that he is a racist himself. He's explaining human nature. And I believe him 100%. I believe we all make judgements, and perhaps some of them are prejudiced.   While we're on the topic, this is going to set a precedent. If Sterling is out, and Mark Cuban releases another statement, he could be next. Just like the whole Washington Redskins ordeal. Harry Reid, who has many important issues to deal with, is spending his time leading a group of 50 Senators to try and force the Redskins to change their 'offensive' name. And yes, it's not the most PC name, but why is today the day that it suddenly became unbearable? And if they change their name, the Braves will have to, the Fighting Irish will have to stop using the name, and every high school in America who uses a name that could possibly be SLIGHTLY offensive to ANY group, not just Native Americans, will have to change their name.
0	There's specific news services (BBC News, Reuters, AP) and newspapers (The Guardian, Washington Post, New York Times) that are good, but really, just not watching TV news makes a huge difference in static/signal you'll get, imo. Even the front page of sites like CNN's or Fox News have much more relevant information and stories than their actual TV broadcasts. Though sometimes it requires some digging into the 'national' and 'international' sections.   Google News is also good for getting lots of stories from a variety of sources all in one place.
0	I love when anything even hinting of mentioning race happens in the sports world all the sudden every single black reporter on ESPN becomes a racism expert and then try to make it seem like they are the ones who get to deem where the racism line is drawn.   Ex: Mike Wilbon on Cuban - "I could have done without the mentioning of the hoodie and tattoo"   Well Wilbon I don't give a fuck what you could have done without. People blowing these comments out of proportion is becoming dangerous. Soon anyone with any sort of power or money to lose will not be allowed to express/have any sort of opinion in fear of getting ruined by the media.
0	The reason people want to prove the other side wrong is that other side doesn't understand how their position affects other people.  If someone like a politician or a celebrity starts talking about net neutrality is unnecessary, people directly affected don't start saying "ok, it's good that you have an opinion".   But even that's not a good example because in that scenario the person with the opinion will be impacted the same way everyone else is.  With things like gay marriage and racism, the people with these "ok opinions" aren't affected negatively by the "ok opinions".  If a straight person is against gay marriage, they come out on top no matter what because either way they don't lose out on any privilege.  The loser is the gay people who want to get married.  This applies with racism too, which historically in this country has been in favor of whites.
0	Depends on what you are focusing on. It's called stereotyping. If he sees a young black male with a hoody over his head he said he gets scared. Is it wrong to think this even though there are incidents that make this scenario true? I don't think so. Is it offensive? Yes to the majority of black males who are amazing citizens and have no reason for someone to fear them. But is it rational and safe to assume the worst? Yep.   What about the white dude with his face tatted up? Do I think it possible that the dude could be an amazingly religious, conservative individual and that he wants nothing more than to simply pass by and nothing to do with me? Sure...   The point is that we spend our entire lives stereotyping everything. From what a hamburger tastes like to what a rap musician looks like to how sane homeless people are.   The fact that he said a black kid in a hoodie and the white dude was tatted up had nothing to do with the degree in which each race has to go to be considered dangerous. If you see a white male in a gang-themed outfit you're going to go to the other side of the road as well.   It is and remains that the fact of the matter is that we as a human race are very shallow and our first impressions come from our sight. If we see something that looks dangerous, we're going to avoid it.
0	I was surprisingly moved by one of Stephen A. Smith's monologues on First Take. He diverged from the actual question into a more interesting discussion of conformity in the black community. Although it's a fine line to walk, I don't think he was wrong to suggest that a degree of conformity to the standards of society at large is necessary, and maybe even more so than for other groups, for the educational and economic success of young black individuals. Although his point about wearing a suit to work wasn't exactly profound, he used it as a springboard to criticize athletes for preaching a message of "keep it real" that can substantially worsen a young individual's chance of success. He was essentially making the claim that athletes, despite working incredibly hard and often coming from difficult backgrounds, can speak from a position of privilege without realizing it. What worked for them or works for them is not always a principle applicable to non-professional athletes.   Personally, I've always been wary of the assimilationist mentality that gets wrapped up in the King-ean notion of equality that emerged from the Civil Rights Movement. An examination of King's rhetoric reveals an equally compelling notion of equality, which is equality inclusive of difference rather than in spite of it. You don't ignore blackness because we are all human; rather that blackness empowers you as one of the defining traits of your humanness. Race is not something you simply attempt to overcome or absorb, but something you attempt to understand and empathize with; there are pluralistic ideological roots that attempt to equalize without flattening. With all of that said, however, there is a practical element to assimilation Stephen A. Smith is drawing attention to. People of all races and backgrounds must to a degree conform in order to ensure the possibility of their own success. It's a fine line to walk, but it is one all minority groups have had to deal with. For example, the struggle between differentness and assimilation can be seen as the primary issue underlying most of Jewish history.   It seems I've gone off on my own rant, but my whole point was that sometimes "race baiters" can incite meaningful discussion. While I think it would be better if we had Cornel West instead of Stephen A. Smith talking about race, sometimes the discussion is still productive rather than fanatical.
0	Can we all calm down just a little bit on this one guys?  We don't need to create our own reaction that is just as bad as the reaction we are condemning here.  I have personally heard a lot of pretty accepting and nuanced commentary on Cuban's comments (listen to the first segment of PTI yesterday for a good example).   Of course the 24 hour news machine is going to go full tilt into outrage mode, that's their business model, it's how they make money.  I feel pretty safe in assuming that most of the people who frequent this site understand that.   We, as a culture, could definitely get better about talking about race.  I think all of us are sometimes guilty of retreating to our respective foxholes too quickly on this subject, regardless of which side of the issue we find ourselves on.  But if we want to get better about this, we can't just start lobbing grenades at each other and keep belly-aching about those damn racist bigots or those hypocritical SJWs who always/never blah blah blah blah . . . . We need to start taking each other seriously and realize that past a certain point of obvious, foaming at the mouth bigotry, we are all on the same side and that race is an issue that we are all trying to get better at.   My personal take on the subject is that Cuban raised a pretty good point about not necessarily exiling someone with views he considered inappropriate, but with trying to work with them and help them come around.  I don't necessarily feel like that applies to Donald Sterling here; but as a fellow NBA owner, I can see where he is worried about the precedent set by a guy being forced to sell his team over things he said in the supposed privacy of his own home.  However, the example of a black guy with a hoodie was kind of an unfortunate one and that he probably should have used a less charged example to get his point across, something [Cuban himself concedes](
0	I missed your point.   Like I said in my profanity-laden auto-mod-baiting reply, "you must have said something really fucked up".   I never said I wanted anything banned, fuck you very much.  I never liked UOP, but I don't think it should have been banned.  I suggested that instead of bitching about it pointlessly you could start your own sub specifically for that meme so people have somewhere to post them.  Then people who want to see it can subscribe to your sub  and  Advice Animals and see what they want to see.  Hell,  I'd  subscribe, because even though I thought 90% of them were stupid, they were occasionally funny.  If I wasn't willing to wade through stupid to find funny, I wouldn't be on Reddit.
0	Oh yes, the "Why aren't you tolerating my intolerance" defense. Does wanting to eliminate bigoted speech in turn make me a bigot? I say no. Here's why: striving for tolerance is inherently at odds with intolerant beliefs. In the reverse, intolerance also seeks to eliminate tolerance. Now I'm going to cut this into something more specific: Bigotry. Going to the definition we get: Bigotry - bigoted acts or ideas. So we go to Bigot specifically:  a person who strongly and unfairly dislikes other people, ideas, etc. Key word: unfairly. Hating a cold blooded murder and wanting to excluded them from society (at least until they pay for their crime or are rehabilitated) is not bigotry since it is justified. In the same way, actual bigots (racists, misogynists, Nazis, etc) are not justified in their actions. They unfairly attack others and seek to make their lives worse.  Being intolerant against a bigot is justified since they seek to harm others in various ways.  That's the key. Bigots are not justified in their actions, they do not get to be defended against intolerance. And as a final point I'm going to quote [Karl Popper on the paradox of tolerance](   >Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them. – In this formulation, I do not imply, for instance, that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion, suppression would certainly be most unwise.  But we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument, but begin by denouncing all argument; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument, because it is deceptive, and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols.  We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant. We should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law, and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal, in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder, or to kidnapping, or to the revival of the slave trade, as criminal.
0	Nonono, you see, people need to be protected from their own stupidity.   For instance, not seeing the huge contradiction that is an "unpopular opinion" meme being popular enough to appear on the front page time and again, and the problem in that.   So the administrators take the only logical step and ban that clusterfuck. Because, obviously, the majority of the community lacks elementary reasoning.
0	The user who started r/atheism in the first place (his name escapes me at the moment) had a very hands-off approach to moderating the sub, so it allowed almost anything.   However, he was so hands-off that he hadn't logged in for a year, so two of the mods over there told reddit that they wanted to take over the sub.  They got control of it and immediately eliminated any and all memes (or, as they called them may-mays - because anyone who actually liked memes was a child) without getting input from the community.   The reason was that the memes were like quick soundbites and got a lot of karma; and, as a result, were the things that usually got the the top of r/all.   The upshot was that r/atheism split into a couple factions (atheismrebooted and a couple other subs were started for people who wanted the old style).  Then, r/atheism lost it's place as a default subreddit.
0	Reddit rallies behind net neutrality, meanwhile mods filter out a meme.   I was never a huge fan of it, but also never hated it. Why not let the upvotes decide what memes can be on here?   EDIT:
1	When I started playing LoL I got the game in spanish and instead of ''G'' of gold it was ''O'' of oro.
1	Nobody will ever see this and it is against the meta, since it is to love Phreak hard, but I do not like him casting.   LCS has become the real deal and a major face of electronic sports for the US and EU scene and it is becoming professional and that is part of what draws in the new crowd. When people come to watch a professional game and hear Phreak as their first caster they associate it with an unprofessional spirit or mannerism. This is also why I don't like him casting.   To his defense, I am almost sure I would love to hang out with him and I'd imagine I'd get along with him. His memory/ability to recollect prior games and plays is almost unparalleled (except for maybe Monte Christo), his game understanding is top notch, and his strategy awareness is obviously above that of many of the other casters or even guys on the analyst desk.   The point is, his bad puns do not belong on the main stage for a game that is trying to become the face of professional esports as his mannerisms just aren't professional. A good pun every now and then would be fine, but he shotguns them in there and tries to fit as many puns as he possibly can. Despite how intelligent the guy clearly is, it doesn't come across as intelligent or professional.
1	Because she is toxic to the game, she has a possible 1600 damage nuke on a 6 second cooldown, with a broken hitbox.   Also she has little weakness to compensate for this absurd damage, she is incredibly safe in the laning phase and throughout the game with her huge heals and her cougar "w".   Her slightly weak teamfighting can be compensated by having a disengage heavy team or seiging comp, she only has to land one or maybe two successful spears before you can engage and win a team fight because the carries are very low, or have to base to heal.   She is toxic to the game because you can miss most of your skill shots, but if one hits, you can win a team fight.
1	Type: Targetted spell   Range: 550   Cooldown: 8s   Damage: 300 (+ 90% AP)   CC: Stun (1.5s)   Cost: 100 mana     vs     Type: Skillshot   Range: 1500   Cooldown: 6s   Damage: 230 (+ 65% AP) - 575 (+ 162.5% AP)   CC: -   Cost: 90 mana       Why bother taking a champ you have to get up close and personal with to mid/high damage early/midgame when you can pick the easier choice of safely spamming spears and traps from up to 1500 range, dealing up to twice the damage?   /
0	I agree to an extent. I think getting a new job simply for the sake of getting a new job "because I've been here for 5 years" (a reason I've heard a few people use before) is not a good reason in and of itself. If the job you're at provides you everything you need - new challenges, opportunity for growth and promotion, change in career path possibilities, etc. - I don't see a reason to leave, unless of course you're unhappy, or would simply like to experience a change of environment or the pace at a different company you're interested in.
1	Platinum Top Lane Nasus (kinda) main.   I never had any problems with any of those 4 champions, but judiging from how much I get supposedly counterpicked with these guys there seems to be some misconception.   First off: Anything that does entirely physical damage is generally a bad pick against Nasus unless he has sick armor shred/pen tools. Don't do it. Also, anything that has AoE and damages the wave in trades and pushes to Nasus' turret is also generally bad. If you combine both you get Riven and Renekton. Very popular picks that only work with a jungler ready to pick up your work and dive Nasus, which is the important part about shutting down Nasus.   Riven and Pantheon have no sustain and their entire damage is physical. Panth doesn't even have a combat ult. They will start losing  at level 6 to all-ins (panth) or 7-9ish (riven) due to sustain issues.   Shyvana is a decent pick, she can punish and dive him quite effecitvely with a jungler and she has mixed damage.   The best champs to punish Nasus are Kayle, Teemo, Irelia, Urgot and Vladimir. Ryze also works, so does Shen with MPen marks, glyphs and quints. Some of those picks are manageable by maxing E but they don't fall off too hard and do a good job of keeping him down for a while.   They have mixed/true damage and can do a lot of damage without pushing too hard plus they are hard to kill even with wither. Most of them are easily camped though so keep warding up, Wither plus Jungle CC is very hard to escape.   so,
1	Lee is an exceptionally excellent counter, although any champion with a strong lvl 1-5 duel potential will work. Burst is also rather good, as is cc.   Snare especially does wonders.     As a jungler valid counters are:   Lee   Khazix   Nocturne   Pantheon   Udyr   Vi   Wukong   >Your plan should be to take red level one and attempt to catch him at his second buff. Few champions are worse 1v1 at level two than Yi. Whether this is successful or not invest in a green ward or two and keep his jungle warded. One kill on him pays for 4 wards   Warwick gets a special mention, he can't really 1v1 yi but his ult can render a fed yi completely worthless.     As a top laner:   Ryze (Non-skillshot 1.5s snare on a low cooldown, build frozen heart)   Malphite (you destroy his AS and can counter his dives by ulting whoever he q's to)   Jax (you can 1v1 with counterstrike if you're even on items)   >As a top laner vs a jungle yi you should be able to safely exert a lot of pressure as long as you ward river. Depending on your communication and ELO you can organize counter ganks as well.     As mid just look for reliable burst and cc, things like:   Annie (if he doesn't dodge your AoE with q)   LeBlanc (double chains means you kite him hard)   Lux (if you can land snare he's dead)     As an adc you're at the whim of your team, but these champs could give you an edge:   Tristana (your ult can counter his initiate in teamfights and your w is a reliable escape as long as he's used his q)   Varus (the snare, if you can land it, can completely shut him down at any point on the game)   Vayne (if you have the mechanics to play her well just make sure you have ult before extending and fight him near a wall if you can. Counter his q with your condemn and kite him hard, 6 shots should kill nearly any yi)     Support (my domain of choice):   Thresh (If you can land a q onto yi he's done. Cast the q towards his target when he q's for a guaranteed hit. If he doesn't have his ult your kit also has two slows. Worst case scenario you gtfo and send your adc a lantern.)   Lulu (she's the counter-engage queen. You have whimsy to shutdown his damage and your ult and shield to mitigate it. Without his ult your q can render him immobile as well)   Braum (once you're 6 you have two reliable cc's for him to eat and a hard defense to put up for whoever his target is. Wait for him to q, while he's in midair jump to his target and spool up your ult so that it casts when he appears. While he's in the air either hit him with a q or an auto and your team should guarantee a stun. Without his ult you have hard peel with the slows+stun)   Leona (The other supports struggle with his ult negative their slows. Leona doesn't. When he uses his q just prime your zenith blade and jump onto him. Hit him with your q then immediately cast your ult on top of him, he won't be able to dodge it and your adc should be able to burst him with the help of your passive)
1	Not a Nasus main, but I think I can help a bit with it as I've got some friends that amined him a lot and played against the dog a lot of times.   I would personally recommend Urgot vs Nasus. You wreck him until levels 1-5, where you have to start playing a bit more careful (controlling minion positioning, timing his W and being aware of his ult and Q farm) and once he gets his ult he'll end up using it for trying to survive an EQQQ combo.   There are 2 ways that nasus will try to deal with you: 1) Still try to farm Q and max it, where it will probably become a free win for you or 2) he'll max E for pushing, getting some minions and farm Q in the jungle, where you will get free farm, and outscale him since he doesn't really have much to farm when the jungle is not his but still lets him become useful faster.   If you want more metalike solutions, I usually pick Lee Sin or Renekton for going all in early and snowballing for winning before Nasus becomes somehow strong. Other possibilities might be Vladimir (you're also weak early, but not like him and your range helps you to bully him since lvl1, even though you need a lot of warding to avoid early ganks) who scales pretty well into mid/late game (not as much as him, but you'll be stronger faster and bring up a lot of damage on teamfights while still being nearly as undying as him).   No matter what you do, don't push that fast his turret. Freeze the lane. Last hit and whenever he comes to take a single minion make sure he loses half his hp bar for it. Only push if you find out that your team needs you on teamfights, and still try to never let Nasus farm a single minion by going back to lane and freezing it when he's around.
1	Really, you need to keep him from all-in. If you can bait out his E before an engage, your jungler has a small window of opportunity to hank him very effectively and he also loses a good chunk of damage due to his passive.   You either farm to late game with an AD that out scales him or poke/out sustain him.
1	You can counter Nami with Leona. You can e+q to her. She is quite squishy even with health runes so looses direct contact. It's good to do engage after her w (heal/atack) and even better after she uses her q (buble). Her abilities have quite a lot of CD at first.
1	You want poke supports, but unless you're comfortable with Sona don't try her into this match up. Sona is a little UP still and to beat Morg you need to know your Q range like the back of your hand.   Instead I think the easiest match up is Karma for Morg. Karma beats Morg so hard, your poke is way too much. You can zyra too, but make sure you know how to position right, bc if she snares you in a bad spot you're dead. You can also play against her as Annie, and I personally find the match up easy , but you need to know how to bait her shield.
1	As Jungler: Counterjungle, shes pretty weak if she cant hit her charged q. Lee Sin is a pretty good choice for that. He can counterjungle and kill her and if u get cought u can easily escape. As Lane: Ward at the spots she can hit u with her q. When the enemy laner is able to kill u only with a Vi ult without her q then u should Ward a little more in the back that u can see her before she comes in range.
1	As someone that mains yi i can say that the 2 most annoying things to get through are stun and blind. Both if those make me completely useless. As a Master Yi i ALWAYS wait until most if not all the cc is used on the other people on my team before i go in and start the killing spree. It might be a bit different in higher elo but that strategy got me from bronze 5 to my current silver 2. I find that everyone in these elo are too uncoordinated.
1	I just I just recently started playing Lee Sin as a jungle main. I had to play against an Udyr who power farmed as usual and would come out for good ganks. It got to the point where he rushed Triforce and had Feral Flare already and he could just run out and chase everyone down. The only thing I can think of in this matchup is to try and gank hard while he farms and punish him for not helping as much. But if my ganks are unsuccessful then I'm stuck not scaling into late game while the enemy team kills my laners.   Any help here?
1	pick renekton, buy wards and go ham. Literally all you need to do lol. Jax is honestly my fav champ when i see him picked in ranked. I just pick renekton and i know for a fact he can't touch you in lane. Also bring ignite all in him lvl 3. Harass with powered q whenever he wants to farm and just stall it so it doesn't go near his turret. If he comes out you kill him.
1	DO NOT be afraid of his windwall if you are laning vs yasuo, it has a fairly long cooldown comparing to other abilities such as ziggs' or leblanc's q. Try baiting the windwall out and he is extremely vulnerable next trade. One more thing, if your jungler is ganking enemy yasuo, don't fool yourself of walking to close to him with squishy ap carries as vel'koz or above mentioned duo as he can/will try to attack and kill you due to his inability to escape the gank by just walking back to his turret.    Keep track of his e stacks as it has a huge impact in early/mid trades.   I have the most problems against yasuo when I play Draven, as the axes don't bounce off the wall so beware of that in teamfights. As kiting yasuo, remember not to walk near your minions because he will use them to dash to you. Try taking advantage of yasuo's pushing/overextending and trying to all-in you all the time.
1	I think a lot of people aren't suggesting the best counter pick. Ryze is very good against renekton in lane because he can completely nullify all-ins by using his rune prison. Not only that but he can also consistently poke renekton down after getting tear. The only true threat a Renekton poses to a Ryze is the fact that he can set up really good ganks on Ryze since he has a gap closer and stun and Ryze can only use his rune prison on one person. Eventually as the game goes on, if you are playing Ryze and you manage to make it to late game, regardless of winning lane or not, you will be much more useful than him since you can wipe out his team and provide a good frontline while all he does is soak damage.   If you are not confident in being able to play the Ryze vs. Renekton matchup I would suggest picking people who can go relatively even in lane while still being able to have good impacts in the game. Champions such as Shyvana, Lee Sin, Munco and Trundle are usually able to lane vs a Renekton without giving up free kills or being massively outfarmed and pretty much all of them are more useful in the later parts of the game as well (Lee is more or less dependant on your mechanics with him).   I used to main renekton but I really think he just falls off too hard compared to the really good late game tanks and bruisers and this is what you usually want to use to your advantage.
1	Hope you don't mind me disagreeing, but a under her tower leona is a lot more useful than a close tou your tower leona. The stun lock all-in potential is awesome for a lane gank of the jungler, since leo can keep the opposing adc locked enough time for the vi/lee/elise/fiddle/xin to get there. when she is close to your turret, UNLESS their far ahead enough for a SoloQ uncoordinated dive [in that case, your lane's lost anyway], she is useless since she can't use CC on you. I like to freeze up the lane near my turret or at maximum in the middle of the lane, so my supp can: 1- Harass her 2- Be able to push out the other adc if she all-ins and making enemy adc have a hard time running away 3- help me run to my on turret and sustain back. [depending on the support picked].
1	He's really not all that hard.. he's got an extremely high skill-ceiling, but learning him isn't very hard. He's also one of the best jungle picks in the meta. After 5 or 6 games, you get the hang of him, just like any other champ.   If you do try to learn him, remember that you  don't  have to be flashy. You  don't  have to make big Insec plays, and you  won't  land every Q. He's an intimidating champion but don't let the fact that he can be very mechanically intensive scare you away from playing him.
1	I don't really rate this idea as Rammus, he's not a bad jungler but i don't really see how he counters yi more than other options.   The rammus would have to out gank the yi for the most part because his clears so poor that yi would snowball ahead if his ganks aren't sucessful or rammus just afk farms. Also rammus can't invade yi very successfully. - this makes you better off with more agressive junglers who can both gank a lot early to snowball and invade yi. (lee singha and elise).   Also if yi gets ahead theres very little rammus can do to stop him, his taunt only does so much and rammus also needs the taunt for engage, which won't work on a yi with ghostblade, ruinking items. Yi is much more vulnerable to displacement, such as alistar and lee sin.   Then dueling potential when yi splitpushes, rammus can't deal with this either. Unless the rammus is fed as hell he wont duel the yi because he doesnt have the damage to capitalise on his cc. Jax and irelia do this nicely.
1	Actually lucian has no chance to survive 1v1 against a decently farmed xin with youmuus if he manages to dash to you. You really need your support to peel for you while you kill him, or at least have flash to get away.   Your dash is so small that the slow from his E + the movement speed from youmuu's allows him to close the gap you create with your dash and then get off his third Q, at which point you are most likely dead.
1	Pantheon main here. Pantheon in the early stages is extremely reliant on mana, you can take advantage of this buy buying early sustain such as, cloth 5 or crystalline flask, this will quickly run him out of mana. After this you want to build a armour item such as sun fire cape, after that you can build some damage or more tank depending on your champ and who's winning. When I play pantheon I find my hardest counters are Shen, Chogath, Malphite, Udyr. They absolutely crush me, the worst being Shen.
1	Leona has a few problems, her main problem being that Morgana and Thresh are super popular right now. Leona's other problem is that she is a super all-in champion: Once you go in, you are in and committed and you have no good inherent escape in case you get ganked or you made a mistake.   Morgana's spellshield makes Leona much more useless and (if somewhat good) forces Leona to be much more creative with her playing. All Morgana has to do is spellshield whoever Leona E's on and Leona can't do much to that person anymore.   Thresh, while not quite as big an annoyance as Morgana, can (depending on how good he is) flay Leona's e, effectively denying and stopping Leona's gapcloser and prevent Leona from getting close enough to do anything else. This of course gets a bit better at lvl 6 when Leona gets ult.   Zyra has been nerfed a good amount from before. She's still an amazing counter-engager with her ult but she is very squishy and dies if caught by pretty much anything. She does offer good poke though, still.   Annie support has been nerfed considerably since her glory days. Her passive stun now scales with levels (so it is weaker and stuns for much less at early levels) and the base damage of all her damage abilities have been lowered but she has better scaling (to weaken Annie support and strengthen Ap carry Annie). As a result, Annie is much less of a dominant early-mid game support.   I am not an AD main so the ADC stuff is just what I've observed/ believe   I actually see some Ezreals still and a few Graves every now and then. Ezreal's problem is that he needs to land his q to be effective (which has always been his problem) but Lucian and Twitch just seem to do so much more. I actually don't think Graves is that bad, he's kind of like a different Lucian. Graves is really more of an ad caster than an ADC with how his kit works, but he has to get pretty close and personal most of the time. With the safety/utility of Lucian and the pressure/assassination potential from Twitch, I assume Graves is just less useful.   Lucian is incredibly dominant early game and a great duelist/trader. A good Lucian can make a lot happen and he can still do damage from pretty far away with his ult. Lucian has an annoying amount of safety with his dash and the range of his ult. Twitch is pretty much an adc assassin that creates pressure when he can't be seen. He pops out of nowhere and bursts a squishy down with his ambush bonus, botrk, and ult. Most other ad carries lose pressure when they can't be seen on the map, but twitch actually gains pressure as long as he keeps making himself felt in the game.   As for Ryze, he is usually played top lane as a counter to most top laners because Ryze is really good at punshing and zoning most melee top laners (and guess what kind of top laners are popular right now). As a bonus he'll also usually end up scaling to lategame better than his top counterpart as well.
1	I mained Miss Fortune in Season 2 but stopped playing her from Season 3 onwards, not just because there were better ADCs out there that could do what she could do, but also because her strengths just doesn't help to cover her weaknesses.   Her Q has decent damage but most Miss Fortune players will try to hit you with the second shot instead of the first, avoid this by constantly moving when you're behind minions, the second shot is less likely to hit you that way if the second shot can't "lock" onto you to hit you.   Her ult is powerful, but almost any support nowadays is able to stop it instantly - Leona stuns, Thresh flay/hook, Nami bubble, Braum shield. If you're against Miss Fortune, ask for a support (or even PLAY as a support) that has the CC capability to stop her ult.   Speaking of CC capability, Miss Fortune only has one soft CC - her E, the AoE slow. It's good for waveclear but doesn't offer her much escape potential. Usually Miss Fortunes will rather turn and kill you instead of trying to get out. As long as you keep attacking her to avoid her passive from coming up, and stop her ult damage, it's relatively easy to beat her.
1	Leona in lane hits 3 powerspikes at levels 2, 3, and 6.   For the first spike, what this means is you need to hard push your lane and hit level 2 earlier than leona does. If she zenith/stuns you while you're only level 1, it will at the very least, burn you through your pots, and then she's just going to all in you again once off cd.   If you hit level 2 first, try and all in her. If you at least burn leona or her ADC down to half health and keep them there, she definitely won't go in on you before she has shield, and even when she gets it, she'll still play passive until it's stronger when she hits levels 4-5.   If both lanes are relatively equal, you need to keep her bush warded starting the minion before she hits 3 so you can keep an eye on her. A full QWE combo out of the bush with an ADC that can proc all 3 passives could probably kill you, or send you out of lane and start it snowballing away from you.   Understand that leona is all-in with 0 sustain. That's it. Which means if she can't all in you because she's or her ADC are lower in health, abuse them and don't give them time to recover. In line with that, If leona  does  all in you, watch how many of her passives the opposing ADC procs. If they're synced enough that they pop all three, GTFO. If the ADC is late following up and only one gets popped, Switch the aggression around. Those passive procs account for a bit of leonas threat, and if the ADC misses 2/3 of them, thats 70-100 damage they missed out on. Now, if you and your supp go ham on the other adc since leona no longer has any peel or burst, you may actually come out ahead. Just remember, leona's combo is ~10s cd. If you're still skirmishing when that comes off, it will turn the fight back around.   Be aware, if you're in range to AA Leona (unless cait/kog/trist), she can probably get a zenith blade off onto you. Its best to harass her with skillshots if you can, and only with AA's with your supports skills off CD in case she all-ins you.   When Leona hits 6, she  will  go all in on you. Do not stay in lane without your support. Do not count on your tower saving you. Giving up some CS/XP/Tower to wait for jungle/support so you don't die is far better than giving up all 3 + a kill. The Range on her ult is approximately 3/4 of a screen away, so even if you think you're safe, you're probably not. At 6, If you can see her on your screen, she's a threat.   Ultimately though, Leona isn't countered by ADC's. The other support is what shuts down Leona. I climbed from low silver to Gold 1 (Plat soon, hopefully) on leona's back, and the only time I really had problems was seeing a Janna or Ali on the other team. A good Janna will ruin Leona's world, and I mean shit all over it like a puppy with diarrhea. Ali will make Leona second-guess every all in since she requires her adc to follow up. An Ali headbutting away the enemy adc when Leona goes in just leaves a stuck Leona getting beaten in the face.   After Lane phase is over, you need to make Banshee's Veil a priority. I  will  aim for you with R. If I hit it, the team is coming for you. Know that.   And this is just advice for all champs in general, but if leona is behind, she has a really hard time catching up. If she can't survive going all in, then most of her usefulness to the team if negated.
1	Go hard before level 3. His level 1 is weak as all hell - either he takes flip and does virtually no damage beyond that, or takes Q and will struggle to so much as farm because he has no displacement to escape. At level 2, he takes the other, but still won't have the damage or speed to really do anything. This is the point where you should look to call for ganks and start shutting him out. By level 3, his second rank in Q may just be enough to start really chipping away at your health. A champion with quick dashes to recover from the flip's displacement may be helpful as well. Also, keep in mind that any champion with a skill that makes them targetable will still take ticks of poison in those frames if it's already been applied. It won't go through invulnerabilities, however.
1	I mean, 1. ghost and heal are very good summoner spells in dominion as is upgrading boots considering that as a general rule, movement speed dominates dominion.     moving as a group is not as uncommon as normal's or ranked since there are no real "lanes" you win by taking and holding towers, so do whatever is working to win. Can't explain them having the bear claw icon, except that on occasion I will see everyone (myself included) with that icon while loading for a game. Idk if It's a bug or what, but it happens.  Basically I'm playing Devils advocate here and saying that this is circumstantial, There is evidence that these could be bots, but there is reasonable doubt that they are not.  More of what I've seen from bots are a ton of losses, the same build every time, and most will follow a player. I don't see that from the lolking that you posted.
1	Quinn is a stronger adc than nidalee, nidalee is a very weak adc lol.   Nid in human form doesn't have AD scalings. So she has her spear, AP scaling poke ability, W, AP scaling trap (multiple uses, not really useful to throwdown in the middle of fights though), and a decent heal/AS Buff, that scales with AP. So you have very minor damage through your damaging abilities (since you don't build AP to scale them), and a heal/AS buff, basically leaving your entire damage output to your AUTOATTACKS.   If you want to have a purely auto attacking champion, why not play Caitlyn, Jinx, Trist, etc?   Quinn scales with AD, has a strong AD scaling Aoe damaging blind (extremely useful when timed right), W granting vision of the fight, preventing further flanks/escapes, and her E, Great damage, especially when combined with her passive. Going bird form isn't really meant for 5v5 teamfights (it's more meant for escaping/chasing down other champions after skirmishes and to increase duel potential), so we'll leave that out of the discussion.
0	When you figure out what the laws are in the state you are in where the recording took place and it is a one party consent to record state, make sure you check that the state you are divorcing in will recognize that recording if they are a 2 party state.   I am not a lawyer, but I like to dot my i's and t's.  So check with your lawyer and maybe call a few in your home state and just ask on the phone and see if anyone will answer the question.  maybe  get a few confirmations or even retain a lawyer in the home state... or the whole situation in reverse states depending on how your lawyer/situation is.
0	Unfortunately just about every state in the US has pretty strict doctor-patient confidentiality laws. There is no way in hell your therapist would be allowed to testify or reveal anything she said to him/her.   Have you actually discussed this matter with your lawyer? I think you're heading for a rude awakening. If you don't live in a 1-party state the recording won't be admissible. Even if that's not the case, the fact she cheated on you doesn't actually matter. To date, there is no case law that specifically addresses adultery. But the law is very clear that alimony awards have to be based on what is 'just', which means taking into account the obligee's ability to support themselves and the obligor's ability to pay, and that fault can't be considered. Judges have to write alimony orders "without regard to misconduct." This means that the family court can't consider any kind of fault or marital misconduct, including adultery, when it makes decisions about alimony.   What will happen is the family court will want you two to work out an agreement, if you can't come to one the judge will look over all the pertinent information (financial obligations held by either party, standard of living during the marriage, length of marriage, etc). The judge will then determine how much and how long you will have to pay. The goal in the judges decision will be to achieve approximate equality.
1	Can I reference this brilliant Youtube Video from Extra Credits in terms of how 129 champions is actually helping the balance of the game. It's really important as a Game Designer to understand this concept.   EDIT 1: Importantly, it labels how giving the players a wealth of options (129 champions) actually keeps the meta fresh and equips the player base to solve meta problems.
1	Damn, this reflects the situation perfectly! You need more upvotes. It seems like Riot is buffing champions that are easy to play and don't have big "Play-potential" to the point the user just needs to smash his head on the keyboard to win lane/game. I'm looking at champions like: Caitlyn, Nasus, Vel'Koz, Kayle, Lulu... Note that I'm not here to highlight the champs with the highest winratio but the champs that that have way too high effectiveness compared to the actual knowledge and skill you need to play it properly.   Additionally, there are many champs that are deemed skill instensive even tho they aren't. Zed being a perfect example. Having such a good waveclear and all that extra damage for nothing makes him a very easy champ. The difference between a good Zed and a horrible Zed is basicly, that the horrible Zed will MAYBE die after he assassinated the ADC, APC and the other has some more knowledge and even survive the 1v5 dive onto the ADC...   Riot keeps constantly nerfing play-making champs and to be honest it sucks. I would bet a 975 skin one of the next nerfs goes to Katarina. The worst part of it all is the community riding every bandwagon that they are presented. That's actually WHY the community is fucked up. I don't care about toxic kids and heck I'll use strong words when I'm settled up, if someone reports me, well fuck it I report back, cause everyone has a corpse in his cellar. Maybe they didn't flame me directly but I'm sure they did, it's fucking human to do so.
1	He's not. What he's doing is asking them to redirect some of their current trying-to-make-the-game-better-efforts to balancing champions outside of the top tiers.
1	Noone considers lion a weak hero and he is certainly viable and pickable. Io was nerfed(but not overnerfed) and it never had 100% win ratio. So instead of pulling numbers out of our ass, let's talk with actual data from the international 4 qualifiers   244 games, 98 heroes picked out of 103(+4 who arent available for captain's mode because they are new). Io was picked in 31 games(it doesnt show bans though) and had 35.5% win ratio. 35.5% win ratio? My god, Io must suck, it definitely needs a buff /s   Lion was picked in 6 games and has 50% win ratio. Obviously io is more popular than lion but that doesnt mean that it is better. It is just a completely different support hero.   What is strongest, making your carry(and yourself) take 20% less dmg+attack speed, root enemies and being able to teleport yourself+carry anywhere on the map? Or having 2 insane cc(one of which is aoe line) and one nuke that literally 1shots heroes? Both heroes are extremely strong in their own way.
1	Just because a champ gets strong doesn't mean people are sheep. This game is complex and the meta shifts to favor certain play-styles.   Ex: TF has seen a large resurgence since some fairly minor buffs. Was he OP all along? No, the meta just shifted to favor laners who have strong waveclear and utility. Late season 3, the meta favored assassins in mid-lane such as Zed and Ahri who had very easy time against him in lane and in teamfights.
1	YEAH RIOT WHY CAN'T YOU MAKE SURE ALL 120 CHAMPS ARE COMPLETELY BALANCED? Oh wait, because that's literally impossible. If we're talking about viability almost every single champion in this game is viable for solo queue which is primarily what the game is balanced around. What is viable in the pro scene is not at all indicative of what's viable in solo queue. Pros only play top tier champs because they are playing at the highest level and need every single advantage they can get. Those champs that are always picked in pro play also are the ones that fit the current meta/team comps people are running because the strategy in those games is completely different. Even if the pro players themselves that do these strategies in LCS tried to do it in soloqueue with all challenger team mates it many of the strats would fail almost every time due to a lack of coordination by the team. Last season I went from Bronze 1 to Gold V in little over a week with Wukong mid at a time when almost NO ONE was playing that. At the time Nightblue himself had said he felt Wu was a better mid than top but still no one played it because it wasn't FoTM and it wasn't getting play in LCS.
1	This is the defining characteristic of Moba vs MMO games though. If you want to truly have no idea go play World of Warcraft, there's 11 classes. 11 options. That's as large of a pool as can be created where in a free for all melee things are level and there is no tier system it's just fire beats water, water beats leaf, leaf beats fire kind of shit.   If your dislike pokemon gameplay and WoW, then play League of Legends where shit's crazy as fuck, there is tiering, there is OP shit, there is underpowered shit, there is amazing plays, there is sweat under your arms after 40 minutes of turrent siege. If it's too much for you to handle, then go play the game where 0.2s actually doesn't matter because you can just polymorph someone for 8s, then silence them for another 4s, then cyclone them for another 8s, then root them for 3s, then re-polymorph them for 4s and so on and so forth.
1	In general, i would Agree with "this guy" on the issue that there are in fact, more than 20 champions in the game yet only those tier1s are seeing the most plays. BUT! i believe this problem to be somewhat limited to the LCS/Challenger (and their publicity) and somewhat Diamond and the Skilllevel that can be found up there, everything below this its more "monkey see monkey do" than anything and has nothing to do with "this champion beats that champion".   Let me Explain.   Champions are like tools/Equipment for those players, they use them in a way and max out their potential to the limits (and sometimes beyond, aka CDR/AP Tryn ololol). These people are so good in this game that in fact, it matters to them those little margins one champion beats another. They can use those advantages. Its like 2 F1 Racecars, one carbon, the other "less" carbon, or a brandname Drill (Bosch Blue f.e) vs. a Storebrand, or even   Now give those Tools to the gold/silver/bronze/whatever 24/7 casual dimwit, and the pro a potato, and he will most likely still wipe the floor with that dimwit up and down every lane on the rift. this holds true to lower elos as well imo.   If your skill increases, your champion pool will either increase, or at least specialize, you will rise, and meet better people and then, at some point that most of us here will never ever ever reach (numbers dont lie, theres like 1 or 2% of the total playerbase competing for chal/dia) it might matter that you pick that Tier1 Champion rather than that below tier1 champion, until then -  doesn't matter had fun .   The entire argument that "champion X is better than Y" holds only true if you meet equally  high  skilled people where it acutally matters. Tier1 champs in lower elo dont contribute as much to the victory as most of us would believe.   Yes there is a lot more to the whole, but i believe it boils down to a few key things, on of which is:
1	We don't.
1	Apparently something that is not funny for  you  anymore is not funny for anyone at all.
1	i think gaming is still a little too young (at least in the west) to have much if any psychiatrists but maybe soon as the generation comming now is filled with gamers, i know some nurses and such that play league though, but for me personally i think its made me better, i used to be a person that thought i couldnt get anywhere in life because of other people/situations when i seriously started wanting to learn this game first thing i learned was the reason i cant win is because of myself. At first i only applied that to this game still hating my life and things that happened in it but once that concept really sunk in i realised it just didnt apply to this game but to basicly everything, nothing is completely out of your control (maybe only some genetic things.. maybe) and if theres something wrong with my life its cause im directly not actively trying to improve/change it so i feel league helped improved my mental state a great deal and my life has been going on a far better track then it had been before i played league
0	I live in a small town and almost nothing is done about legitimate crimes in the area. Even so, the local police set up speed traps everywhere, make arbitrary stops at a moment's notice, and write catalogs of minor tickets to be paid by an unsuspecting class of otherwise law-abiding citizens. Our roads are dangerously deteriorating and major crimes, but our men in blue always have the newest, professionally-tuned squad cars for "proactive law enforcement."   Rant time: A close acquaintance of mine used to live across the street from a deputy. She told me that she heard screaming outside her house one night and saw a woman running over to the deputy's house for help (I forget if it was robbery or sexual assault, but she was in dire need of assistance nevertheless). However, as she was crying for help and banging on the man's door, he refused to answer and gestured through the window for her to leave. Nothing was done about the crime following the event. Furthermore, one of the same houses on the block was--is--known to be a drop house, but the police force has done nothing to interfere. I personally have witnessed the lethargic sense of justice. Earlier this year, my car was robbed in one of the area's many rough neighborhoods. There were multiple witnesses who saw the event and could identify the person and even gave his name to the officer filing the report. No results or punishment then or since.
0	This is just full of bullshit. As a traffic collision investigator I can assure you that speeding is most defiantly a factor in most collisions. The reason behind this is reaction distance and slide to stop ratios. The faster you go the longer you travel before your foot hits the brakes.   Signs are placed adequate distances for the  gasp  speed limit reactions!!! Who would have guessed! Part of our job is to ensure that those signs are set up so that people can adequately react as opposed to the engineers that set them up. If traffic patterns show a certain area is high on crashes we are sent to investigate why. Sometimes a patrol car is all that is needed to stop people from speeding. Less speed means better reaction distance and, you guessed it, less crashes.   Fear of apprehension outweighs the fear of the penalty in 75% of cases of people.
0	Stupid? Now if someone told her beforehand and she did it anyway, that's stupid. But not knowing beforehand? That's ignorance not stupidity. You can't get mad at someone for being ignorant because they don't usually have control over it. I never knew tattoo's like that were a thing in the holocaust until this thread. You calling her stupid is similar to calling me stupid. Are you saying that I'm stupid because I've never come across this before? No one ever told me about it and I can't do research on something I don't know about.
1	It seems for you that you are doing bad, because subconsciously you have a high standard for yourself. So even if you are doing good, you can still think you are doing bad. It's like people who think that everyone hates them, even though no one even cares.
1	You're starting to get it!   Get what? you cut out a huge portion of the sentence and the following sentence which made the clear point that different champions are stronger/weaker in the meta. In certain other games, the characters/champions are more balanced so every pick serves a specific purpose. League of Legends is not like that. Compare Lux to Ziggs. Ziggs is safer, has more damage over time, has more burst damage, deals more damage to structures, can global clear, can permawaveclear. What does Lux do significantly better than Ziggs? Almost nothing. Which is why Ziggs is played over her.   >Or they're scared to try things that haven't proved to work. Either way, its NOT similar to soloq, at all.   A pro team, in its combined players, probably has over 10,000 games played. Do you think they haven't tried almost everything at least once? Do you think that their coaching staff and analysts have no idea what they're doing? In a competitive meta with competent junglers, higher degree of vision control, and greater team coordination certain picks will be stronger there than in soloque. However, it's still the same game. If Kassadin is super strong in competitive games it's likely that he's strong in soloq games as well. At Gold and below, hell even plat, any pick is viable. But once you get high enough up the ladder, one is only handicapping themselves by playing champions that are significantly weaker than meta champions. If one is extremely good on a champion or it's a hidden OP then yeah it's a great idea to play it. But most players, who don't have a main champion, will perform best using the meta champions.   >No, it couldn't   As I mentioned, and you cut out of your quotation, winrate does not always equal champion popularity. For example, pre-rework Xerath. However, if a champion is majorly terrible, like post-rework Skarner, it will lose popularity because players don't usually like playing champions that don't win games when played well. It's not a perfect correlation between popularity and winrate but the champions with much higher winrates get played more than champions with very low winrates.   >Yes, they are. You WILL NEVER play against someone of exactly equal skill, ever. The pros are so close to each other in terms of mechanical skill and game sense, so they might have a problem playing Ashe or Quinn. You will never have that problem. If you have more games on Ashe/Quinn than Draven/Jinx, THEN THEY'RE THE BETTER/STRONGER PICKS, every single time.   Once again, a logical fallacy. Sure, if you have played twice as many games on a champion you are more comfortable there and will perform better than a champion you are uncomfortable with. However, one cannot ignore the fact that, if they played a stronger pick just as much, they could've been performing EVEN BETTER than on their comfort champion. Pros do have more equal skill levels than the average soloq game, but if a champion is completely broken then the average player can abuse it just as much as a pro player.   Tell me, why do I have 3x as many games played on Zed, TF, and Nidalee but all of them have 30% less winrate than my Kassadin? Because Kassadin is a patently stronger pick, not because I play it better. I know far more/am more comfortable playing Zed/TF/Nidalee than Kassadin, yet my Kassadin winrate is super high. Clearly there are different tiers of champions, however, I'm not advocating to only play those champions.   If one enjoys playing the champion, then go ahead and play it. In soloq, there's a bonus edge that a player has by playing an uncommon champion. Like how everyone assumes Poppy is terrible then get bursted down going "where the fuck did that come from?" But that champion might not be as powerful as a meta champion. For example, compare Gangplank and Lulu top. Is there anything Gangplank does significantly better than Lulu? Except for providing global ult support, there's nothing. Lulu has more damage, utility, range, safety, and can better utilize teleport. If one wants to win, one should always pick Lulu over Gangplank unless you have never played Lulu before and Gangplank you have 100x as much experience.
1	Reddit a few weeks ago: Lucian is OP he dominates all the scene for AD Carries and he excels at literally everything   Riot: How about we nerf him then and make his range lower, that seems reasonable enough and to compensate we can make him even more ability based with lower cooldowns, more chase potential and lower mana costs   Reddit: OMG RITO RIP LUCIAN   Get a grip guys. You aint playing in the LCS, you can play any adc. If you truly enjoy the champion dont go being pissy because they got nerfed and just play your champion anyways. If there's people still playing Jayce, Zac, Cho etc. You can still play an ADC who's tentative nerfs could be way worse. This new cooldown and cooldown reduction for Lucian's dash might even make him actually have powerspikes rather than be good all the time, as he could end up having much more interesting combo's in lane that are much better early game. Sure, range nerfs are HUGE but they've given him decent stuff to compensate, from a trading standpoint he isnt that worse off and mid-late game he has the ability to reposition more frequently each fight making him hard to dive on as a bruiser. I understand Seraph's POV on this, but only as he plays at high elo. 90% of you guys are Bronze or Silver just like me, That's just common knowledge, and if you truly enjoy Lucian and main him like you say just fucking play him. The advantages at low elo from straight outplay far outweigh those from champion strength and none of you have even tried Lucian after these nerfs, why jump to conclusions?
1	No it isn't dude. Play more games and it'll move to 50%. Also are you climbing consistently? Or are you playing people at your skill level? Last season, i had 666 AP nidalee games, 51.8% winrate. 95 games on OLD yasuo 51.6% winrate. YOU WILL get about 50% winnrate always, when playing at your skill level (And more than 10 goddamn games).   At the time I had a 47% winrate, I was not climbing the ladder. When I get to around 30 games on a champion it's usually a 60% winrate. The point is, stronger champions tend to have higher winrate.   >No, they never do that.   Here is Phreak using winrate as an indicator of power level.  By saying "winrate doesn't mean everything," he's clearly indicating it means something. Otherwise he would've said "winrate means nothing."   Here is Meddler talking about differing champion power levels, clearly indicating that they exist and can affect regular players.
1	Wow this coomunity is stupid as hell. Ofcourse if you invent something you want the recognition for it. Even if he/she don't deserve to get money, or the champion taken out of the game, he/she still deserves to be recognised as the inventor or whatever you call it.  I get mad reading these stupid comments about OP stealing the idea from dota, or that even if he/she came up with the idea there is no point of mentioning it. I've thought of things hundreds of times that I thought was original only to find that people have thought of it before me, it was still an original idea for me, even though someone got to it before me. If I was a part of making a movie I would be in the credits no matter how small the my part was, same with making games.
1	You are so right and after the game complaining on social media...it's like Brasil complaining that Germany scored them 7 goals of course a team won't hesistate to destroy you if you let them the chance...there aren't only ponies and candies out there. The real world is harsh.
0	I do too and a lot of fucked up stuff that I've  is because I hit the arrow by mistake. Then I try to overcompensate by downvoting. But then I feel bad about that so I re-upvote. And I end up accidentally liking some awful stuff I never meant to like.
1	Thats true, but in my experience there are always people who can speak English with varying degrees of fluency in games on euw, even the people who dont speak English are able to say something along the lines of 'sry I not speak English' whereas eune, the best you'll get is 'lucker dog' and the occasional 'I fuck your mother'.
1	Honestly some people are going to tell you to try to carry the game with "carry" champs or "practice more". After climbing to high plat on multiple accounts the one thing i'm sure of is that every low elo player underestimates the power of TEAMWORK. I know this is the cheesy answer and it's easier said than done, but one day you will look back when you're gold/plat and realize the insane amounts of selfish decisions you made at low elo and how they seemed like a good idea at the time but in reality they cause you to lose.   When you are playing try to consciously think of what you should be doing as a TEAM! Always act as a team, try not to react to the other team (especially when you are ahead).   Also I realize that a lot of the time it's hard to work as a team when your teammates don't want to, but if you personally work on it, that's the biggest thing to set you apart from other low elo players, and mechanics are important too but that just comes with time.   Sorry if this post is really sloppily formatted I just threw it together real quick, hope I could help.
1	By demanding "1080p", what you really mean is increasing the bitrate, not resolution. Imagine an 8K video at 100 kbps and a 720p video at 10,000 kbps. Do you really want the "8K" over 720p? It shows that resolution alone means nothing. Same thing goes for 60fps. If you maintained the bandwidth, you'd half the quality of a 30fps video when you double it to 60fps. Enjoy that smooth video of pixelation. So it's bandwidth that you want.   So you're talking about a 8x increase in bandwidth (when scaling up bitrate), which is huge for the likes of Twitch. 1080p has 4x the area of 720p so that's 4x the bitrate, and 30fps to 60fps doubles the bandwidth to 8x. That's equivalent of providing a stream to 8 million people instead of 1 million.   You have to scale up bitrate (the video detail after compression) and not only the resolution because a simple upscale from 720p to 1080p without increasing the bitrate won't give any improvements (it's what your PC already does when you view 720p fullscreen on a 1080p monitor). You could also increase the bitrate 4x on a 720p stream and it will be upscaled it to 1080p with much more detail.
0	My UBC experience was deeply rooted in several different faculties/departments that all addressed gender in some societal function or problematization. Even after reading countless hours of Judith Butler and other academics who research gender binaries and gender performativity and power, my biggest issue comes from acting the perspective of a humanist.   I feel like I'm thinking "wrongly" for my opinions on gender issues as less important than decolonialization, the progress and survival of our species, and technological and scientific advances, despite finding myself parroting the "eliminate the gender binary" ideal that humanism often supports.   This isn't to shut down gender privilege as an issue to be fixed or addressed, but to acknowledge that the different waves of feminism and varying beliefs in social justice movements all link back to these macro-scale ideas at their roots, and often leave people out of the equality narrative, eapecially those of genderqueer, null/asexual, and transexual identities ALREADY, leading to a need for a generalist equality movement that doesn't alienate anyone, and is wholly inclusive of diversity.
0	Me and my wife tried something like this.  I busted into the bedroom and started at it then she went, "no, stop." So I did.  She looked at me funny and asked why I stopped.  Apparently, "Because you told me to," was not the right answer.   We never tried it again and we still laugh about it now and then.
0	Clearly you've never been punched in the eye, otherwise you would know you can't see shit after getting punched.
0	my best friend from like 3rd grade until 11th became this person. he was that one friend you had that you would always be with, always staying at each others houses, learning to skateboard, making stupid videos, seriously everything. for christ sake our birthdays are like a week apart. but he branched off with "the cool kids" while i stayed with the "misfits." i wasnt cool for not drinking, and smoking cigs, partying hard, whatever was cool then. so we started to lose touch with each other, especially once we got our driving license. he actually began to hate on me which hurt the worst and just became a huge prick. about a year after we all had graduated, i was with some friends who were also his friends prior, get this call and its him wanting to hangout, it was like 1am, and he comes overs. at first it was great catching up, playing videos games, talking about chicks, anyways, he starts talking about "the cool kids" and how he is fighting with them and there was no one else to hangout with. so in a last ditch effort he called us and we were nice enough to let him come over thinking he finally grew up or something and wanted to actually hang out with us. nope. after that night i never saw him again, we lived in the same town until i moved away when i was 22. it still hurts today knowing i had this great friend who became a giant dick :(
0	The same thing happened to me in 6th grade.  Our teacher would give is "tickets" for certain things, and I found a way to game the system and ended up with a fuckton of tickets.  I was going to McDonald's (Lunch at McD was a redeemable option) like a pimp.   Towards the end of the year we had this auction-like event where we could use our tickets to buy prizes.  This girl, Kelly, pretended to like me and I had a huge crush on her, so I bought this super nice bubble set for her with my tickets.   Then at recess, she gave the set to Stephen, this boy she liked, and they were playing with them.  I tried to join in because I wanted to be with her, and she told me I couldn't, which broke my little 6th grade heart.
0	In some states, yes. However, those laws were originally intended to protect women who had been promised marriage (I.e. were engaged)  under the coverture doctrines and had already begun the process of combining estates. In the end, the likely outcome would be a shrug from the judge unless you could prove in writing that the initial intent was deception for profit, in which case it would be a slam dunk.   Edit:
1	OK people need to stop hating on Wickd, his champion pool actually isnt that small perhaps his kayle games at worlds was last luckluster, but he seems to be able to play it well in EU LCS as he has won the two games he played her in   more or less, his main focus with kayle was to counter the ryze, as his other champions cant counter ryze, therefore went kayle top again to try and counter the ryze but got wrecked by elise's ganks therefore never really executed what he wanted to do with kayle   if maokai or irelia were up, he would have probably used them but guess what, both were banned wickd's champion pool is where, the only meta top laner he does not play, is ryze he has played a lot of other champions, but irelia has always been his strongest champ and since it is in the meta, why not pick it   if froggen's anivia was in the meta right now, i am pretty sure froggen would continue to pick it   waht he couldve gone however, is lulu, if you havent noticed, he has played it a lot at eu summer split, also with it, he would actually make the team comp, idk not suck?
1	I think more emphasis needs to be added on how much of an underdog KaBum was this game. Alliance is the #1 team out of Europe, said by many to be the West's only chance against the mighty Korean teams in terms of winning the whole tournament. KaBum is a team from Brazil, which has a small but developing League professional scene. KaBum was not even the clear favorite to make it out of their region, let alone take down a prominent team in the World's tournament. Alliance also had recently beaten NaJin White Shield, a Korean team favored by many to make it to the finals, extremely convincingly.   There was a fair amount of controversy as to whether these wild card teams from weaker regions should be even allowed in the tournament, as they are easily defeated by the superior regions. KaBum's win puts Alliance at a record of 3-3, and placing them volatile to being knocked out of the group stages.
0	Too bad those girls start off with mixed messages then.  You both liked each other. So if you're not actually interested, remove him and/or tell him as much.
1	I don't care about the meta but if you want an immobile skillshot midlane mage vel is an awesome choice. I feel like his passive really shines in the support role however as it makes him a non-item dependant mage. Even with only frost queen's claim and support items he will become a damage threat with his true damage passive. Late game throw in a Liandry's Torment to counter health stacking which counters true damage and no matter what you'll be doing tons of damage. He has good synergy with champions like MF when he supports not only because of the wombo combo ults but because of the amazing harrass he provides to supplement MF's lane bully nature.
1	I hate how every time a pro player or any public figure posts a text there's always a retarded biased wrong
1	actually thats not what he sais. he sais "the reason i played poorly is largely the svenskerren situation".   your "
1	heres the deal:   racism is a VERY subjective term, and there are varying degrees of it.   >Who's fault was it that Svenskeren got banned 3 games? Svenskerens alone, 110%, one of the dumbest things anyone has ever done in E-sport history.   this is the critical part i disagree with.   i dont think jeziz actively blamed svenskerren. i think he knows something about svenskeren most of us dont know or dont want to see. based on previous SK posts/intervieews on the subject and on this one, i think svenskeren really didnt know what he was doing in the situation. he was acting stupidly, in my eyes, not neccessarily racist.   thats what i didnt want to get into. cause i know how reddit sees this whole thing. "you said something bad about this type of people, and we know you are toxic from soloq? why you must be a racist!"   i have a somewhat different view, as i elaborated above.   dreadmad is an idiot if he actually thinks that his "
1	Hello guys, I've been wanting to write a statement of my performance at Worlds 2014 and I think I've expressed myself the best way possible.   So first off, I wanna talk about my performance at Summer Playoffs as this leads up to the Korean bootcamp and my Worlds performance.   I believe i was at 50% of my full potential at that time, with a lot of confidence backing me up. As we went to Seoul in Korea for bootcamp, I reached about 70% of my potential. I improved extremely despite the fact that I wasn't as motivated for going to worlds as my teammates. Obviously i wanted to win, but seeing how much they wanted it, gave me more than enough motivation to become a stronger player and give my best.   You might be thinking, why the heck wasn't he as motivated as his teammates for Worlds, as it's a dream for every professional player? Well, the answer is simple (to me atleast).   My whole dream before 2014 was becoming a professional LoL player. When I reached that dream, or goal rather, my aims for 2014 was to become solid and confident enough to compete at that level. That was all I was looking for. I never expected I would get to worlds in my introduction to professional League of Legends.   Anyhow, as we went to Taipei, the whole Svenskeren thing happened, and he got banned for the first 3 games. I want to make it clear to everyone, that no one hated or blamed him for that - also he was the one who felt the worst from all of us.   We all basically looked at it from the bright side, that it was only 3 games and not more, and that we had a sub jungler. At first i didn't think it would hit me, playing with another jungler, but it definitely did.   So lets now talk about what happened those 6 games at Worlds group stages, and what made me play as poorly as i did:   I believe confidence has A LOT to do with a players performance on a big stage. So basically lack of confidence are the keywords in my whole performance, and everyone, including myself, would say i choked. No surprise.   So there are two possible reasons to which of why, made me play as i did;     Being me, not playing with the jungler i had played with for 1 year, including almost 200 scrims in 2 weeks time in Korea.     Being me, playing on an international stage.       The answer is obvious to me, as my confidence was at 80% in the Summer Playoffs for Worlds. My confidence was exactly at the point, of where it had to be perfect, at the time in Korea also, and there is NO way that playing against the international teams, of which I had played against for 2 weeks, or me playing on a big stage had any affect on my play whatsoever.   So to sum it all up, the whole thing with Svenskeren, kind of screwed over my confidence and therefore my performance. But as I've stated, he was never blamed or hated for this, in the team. We all tried to look at the bright side of the situation and play as well as we could, with a substitute. I also wish to mention that Gilius played extremely well, taken in consideration of what he got thrown into, with barely 1-2 days of practice in the team.   I know it is big words for me to tell you all, that my performance at Worlds, was nowhere near the level that I was actually at, at that time. But this is also for the sake of my pride, and I want to prove everyone wrong.   I have never been more motivated for Worlds, as I am now.
1	Ok first off I'm not offended. I am an atheist. I don't know what your profession is but I work in a public relations office. This would be offensive for any corporation to do. Regardless of the facts of where or how something began that you have to give, it is still irrelevant. What it stands for now is a mockery of a religious figure, most commonly the God of the Bible.
1	Ashe  is  however the only one who triggers these specific issues. From what I understand all of the other champs included just allow you to use a self-cast ability on other champs. The issue with Ashe is that it forces your champion to use a specific attack index. This index is the ult for some champs, and for Nasus it prevents him from using his Q active, since he's not performing a regular AA.
0	This is a pretty good resource:   As for which language to choose first... I'd personally go with python, C/C++, or java. I recommend python because it's easier to code with.  But, if you learn C/C++ first, then your next programming language will be much easier to learn (C/C++ can be difficult). And Java because it's often the language used to teach people programming (in the schools I have gone to).
0	I've been in the workforce for 15 years through half a dozen companies. Get used to this kind of thing, it seems to be extremely common.   My understanding of it is that psychopaths interview extremely well: after all the energy that you or I pour into doing a good job has been diverted for them into presenting a completely false persona of competence; so they're really good at it!   So they get the jobs over people who know a lot and perform well, and perhaps are even socially normal, but don't talk at a mile a minute (baffling brains with bullshit) while papering over their many faults with lies and more lies. These people also tend to have a lot of misplaced confidence and so appear confident and reliable that they can get the job done; but they can't.   Also befuddling is that companies continue to keep these people on the payroll as seat warmers even after they've completely failed every reasonable metric for the 3-6 month probation period. But again... they present well and talk over it.
1	You've got an interesting problem... because you don't actually own the copyright in any of the original content in your video. Riot of course owns all the League-related content, and the sounds you added are obviously sourced from somewhere else. Normally the answer would be just put a notice with Youtube who will take down their video (almost automatically). Problem is (1) it's probably not worth it since that "copier" barely has any views or notoriety and (2) he can file counter-notice saying it's his and you would be dragged into a pretty pointless lawsuit.
1	Coast are heavy favorites in this tournament. Noone was saying LoLpro was the best or even 2nd best. They 2-0'd today not dropping 1 game. They may have looked shaky but never for a whole game. In every single week of every sport there is a team that should dominate someone but they only end up winning by a small margin.
0	Well im screwed. Im about to go deposit $4 dollars in my account so i can buy a whole $10 worth of gas with my card because i only have like $9 total in it. And i need all the gas i can get since my car estimates i only have 7miles left (keeping in mind that one gallon gets me 33.8 miles). So i really need gas to last me until Thursday. And mathematically, im fucked. $10 is going to get me about 3 gallons, which is roughly 100 miles (i drive about 40 of actual distance daily(but with LA traffic i used up about 50miles worth)) which by Thursday is going to leave me with maybe (if im lucky) 10miles worth which is less than a gallon again. It's gonna be close.
1	Cause even if someone is afk theyre still registered to the game i.e theyre still playing. When they disconnect you are getting a 2:1 vote.   So youre just dumb and dont understand how its coded. If youre afk ingame youre still ingame i.e coded as not afk. If you alt-f4 youre coded as not being in game
1	I'm a fucking mathematics grad student irl and nobody would give me shit about saying 66% for 2/3. I mean, mother of god, even in my comment I am 100% (or 99.9, repeating of course,% right) right in saying that 66% is below the minimum value as can be seen by the fact that 2/3 is not enough and 2/3 >= 0.66.....
1	All adcs have different strengths and weaknesses, as well as situations when you want to pick them. I'll list their strengths and create a mini tier list at the end.     Ashe  is an adc that has decent engage potential but has weaker damage than most.     Caitlyn  is a very safe adc with a weak midgame, but a very strong early game and an average lategame. She is great for sieging.     Corki  is a very strong adc in general, he has a good early game,great midgame, and average lategame. He also has siege potential with his rockets and Q.     Draven  is a risky pick, and takes a bit of practice. He can Snowball leads very easily and can become a monster with 2 items.     Ezreal  is a very safe champion with a very strong early game and a great midgame. His lategame is very dependent on how good you are at landing mystic shots.     Graves  is a great lane bully and is amazing for new players because of his passive. His midgame is average and his lategame suffers because of a lack of range, but other than this, he is a great champion and if you can position properly he can become a monster.     Jinx  is a very strong champion who Just needs a kill or two to snowball. She becomes stronger as the game goes on, without really having a weak point in the game.She's like kog maw with a different passive.     Kalista  is very hard to place at the moment because she hasn't been out for long enough. From my experiences, she is underwhelming if she doesn't go at least average in lanephase, and she needs a couple items to get going. Her objective control with E makes her very strong,since the stacks have no cap.     Kog'Maw  is a very strong champion who does much better in competitive play than soloque because he has no mobility and requires peel from the team. He gets stronger as the game goes on, much like Jinx. His siege is very strong and he can Shred through tanks with his w.     Lucian  is a very strong champion who has no weak point in the game. This being said, he also never has a very strong point. He is very consistent and only needs 2 items to be able to keep up with any adc in damage.     Miss fortune  lacks an escape, and has an ultimate that makes her immobile. She can be very strong with the proper setup but she feels like a weaker version of graves, who can deal more aoe damage while being more mobile. This being said, If you build trinity into shiv, you can be fairly mobile as long as you position properly.     Quinn  can be  an interesting champion, and can bring out a lot of unexpected damage. Most people will max q first, but in my opinion maxing w first into e will give you better mobility and damage. She  can be a lot stronger than people expect, but she is lacking a strong ultimate. It's better to use it after you disengage with your vault for extra distance.     Sivir  is a very strong champion who hasn't seen much popularity but is definitely one of the stronger adcs on this list. She can stay relevant all game and really only requires an IE and a stattik to get going.Excellent poke and waveclear helps her stay relevant all game and her ultimate is a great ability for teamfights.     Tristana  is a strong champion with a weak early game, but she makes up for it with a very strong lategame. She is weaker than kogmaw as far as scaling is concerned, but she is still a great pick.     Twitch  is great in all phases of the game but suffers from a strong escape, he has amazing damage potential, but requires a strong frontline to be able to utilize it.     Varus  is a decent poke champion who is strong all game but is far too immobile to take advantage of it. He can destroy teams with his poke and engage with his ultimate, but more often than not he's going to be using it to snare whoever jumps on top of him.     Vayne  Requires a lot of practice, but if you put in the time to learn her, she can become a beast. Inexperienced players will have difficulty with her early game, but players with a lot of practice on her can win most lanes with ease.       Top Tier- champions who can be picked in any situation     Corki     Ezreal     Lucian     Sivir       Tier 1- champs who Are strong but not strong enough to be picked in any situation     Cait     Jinx     Kog     Twitch     Trist     Graves       Tier 2-  champions who need a buff to be placed higher     MF     Varus     Ashe     Quinn       Skill dependant champions -champions who require a lot of time put into them to be played well. These champs have top tier potential but only if you work to put them there.     Draven     Vayne       NOT PLACING KALISTA IN ANY TIER UNTIL I GET MORE TIME TO TEST HER
1	Yeah, buff early game champions then ppl play and crush top lane with them. After that buff late game top laners, ppl crush early game too with them. Then buff late game junglers to compete with top laners. Back where we are the only difference is mid and bot is a lot weaker. So you need to buff adcs and mids. Top mains cries cuz adcs are too stronk. Final desicion. NERF EVERYTHING.
1	This is just bullshit. Yes it is bad if one company has the whole market under control for a certain product because they can lower quality and ask for more money because no one else can offer the product.   Streaming is a completely different thing. There is a ton of potential money in the market and as soon as twitch start to get shitty a bunch of new services will come out of nowhere and take over. You don't need much to start a site like twitch (compared to producing cars for example) and there's an insane amount of investors that would throw money at a new service if the community is unsatisfied with twitch.   The twitch guys know that too, the crowd that uses their service is not stupid and they know they have choices. They won't just suddenly stop all the good stuff their doing and start being evil because they can.
1	He said he got tired of the competitive scene and the pressure and whatnot.
1	It is not my first language but I fully understand what you said and I still believe it's not true but I do think that you didn't understand me.   Coin > Relic   (NEVER)   Talisman > Mountain (Only in certain match ups)   Coin is useless. Hands down it does nothing. Relic gives you faster pushing for lvl 2 and sustain to you and your carry.   Going for Relic and then selling it mid game and buying Talisman because you need it. This yes, worth.   Also it is probably not even 10% . Yesterday when I checked the last 50-60 games there were 0 talismans/coins. Doubt there'd be more than 4 in the other 40-50 games to make it even close to 10%.   Even blitz who builds Talisman more doesn't have many buys. I just checked the last 100 games in probuilds and there were 8 talismans.
1	It doesn't "proc" on ranged. You must CS normally on Thresh which makes it harder since there is no "execute"
1	Okay I'm going to ignore the fact that you just compared the combined utility of 2 spells to the utility of a single spell and the fact that you blatantly ignored the other spell hits up to the entire team and just break down thresh's kit for you and why those spells as well as other factors make him weaker for solo queue than other supports. Before I get into this I want to point out that thresh is both my 2nd most played champ in ranked and the fact that I have a winning record with him so my opinions on him are neither uninformed nor do they stem from me not being able to win games with him.   Death sentence:   For starters hitting someone with death sentence isn't nearly as impactful as hitting them as many people think, at least not when compared to other spells supports have such and Dark binding, rocket grab, or Annie stun. Another problem with this spell is that to follow it up with flay you have to recast it which will often put yourself at risk. While often putting yourself at risk like this can pay off big you always run the risk of people not following up on it as quickly as they need to or even at all due to lack of communication and/or coordination which is symptomatic of solo queue. Expounding upon that point even if you don't recast your Q it causes your ADC to have to do a lot more decision making than many other spells that have more obvious goals. Did thresh just land hook to make  _  lose cs? Does he want me to all in? Should I just use this opportunity to get free farm? Should I go for a short trade? Often the answer to these questions is far more ambiguous than with other support spells and it can definitely make a far smaller impact on the lane/game when the wrong choice is made than say Dark binding which will always do more damage and can junk the opponent even if your adc does nothing. Another spell I think draws the most obvious comparison is rocket grab, which both does more damage, puts you at less risk and the enemy at more, and is less ambiguous as to it's goal, it's a hard initiation and will pretty much always be recognized as such unlike thresh q which is more multipurposed.   Dark Passage:   This spell is the single biggest thing that makes him amazing competitively but somewhat lack luster for solo queue. Apart from it's small shield which now can only be given to a single ally it's entire utility is based on the decision making of your ally which is never going to be consistent and when discussing a champs strength in solo queue, consistency is key. When used properly by your allies dark passage is IMO the single most OP thing in thresh's kit, far more than his Q dark passage is what makes thresh an amazing champ. It's a free long range gap closer and escape on a fairly low cool down that any of your allies can use and it's what makes him god tier in competitive play. However often your allies will take lanterns meant for someone else or just ignore them entirely or simply take them too early if you're planning on using it in conjunction with death sentence.   Flay:  Honestly this spell actually doesn't have much down side for solo queue it's decent cc and adds damage to your autos which is never a bad thing. It works best for disengage so pretty much the only small con I can say about it is that for purely disengage purposes it's mild compared to something like nami bubble, black shield, or even blitz knock up. That being said this is thresh's least ally reliant spell.   The Box:  Really good for peeling or engaging only problem with this one is you generally have to put yourself in danger to get a really good one on the enemy team and you run the risk of your team mates not seizing that opportunity.   On top of this thresh's base stats are pretty low, he's not naturally tanky and does very minimal damage even by support standards so unless you're collecting an absolutely insane amount of souls he's really item dependent to become tanky.   If you're wondering why the only champs I compared him to are blitz nami and morg it's both for brevity purposes as this is already fairly lengthy and because those are the other 3 supports I have the most experience with.
1	Riot does fine for the most part- it's when they introduce elements with no real basis to what they have done before that they really fall short. A good example of this would be Azir, who added a lot of things the game had never seen before or implemented to the extent previously.   League's code base has almost certainly grown substantially since it's infancy, and what they have done with their engine that is now five+ years old is pretty remarkable.   Coding is not as simple as you make it out to be, testing is NOT plug and play,and Riot- contrary to popular belief- is quite human.   Is Kalista passive/Relic Shield a bug? It's not up to you or I to determine that- because the implementation of Kalista's W passive makes sense logically. However, just because something makes logical sense doesn't mean that it feels good to the player.   If Riot feels that the current behavior sucks (I, for what it's worth as an ADC main, feel that it does), then they will change it- and if the changes to how her W damage functions that are on the PBE are to be believed, they are.
0	My parents had just retired when I went in to college (and separated). My mom made some money, but my dad had no income (retired) and he paid for my medical insurance. This made him the "most contributory parent". I worked full time which paid for housing, and all other living expenses. I didnt get aid from dad (beyond the medical ins), but because his annual income was nothing fafsa gave me tuition and a little scratch for books. Got through college with zero debt. I did also go to a inexpensive state school.   Best friends family: he was one of three and they made just enough to be lower middle/upper lower for the area. He got no aid from parents either (and his parents definitely would not be able to help at all). Because his parents worked, he got no aid from fafsa. He certainly would've been more deserving IMO from a assistance programs perspective.
0	We picked up a drunk guy once and gave him a ride home. It was cold out (December I think) and it was a slow night. The guy was friendly as hell and said he was too drunk to drive. So we dropped him off at his house and went on our way. About an hour later we get a call from dispatch to respond to a domestic dispute in progress, and sure as shit, the same guy we gave a ride home was beating his wife. So, needless to say, new department policy prohibited us from giving any more vehicle escorts.
1	Hijacking this as I don't see anybody linking to his [Patreon](   There is a ton of people in the comments of the video asking for a Paypal donation acount. This is as close as you can get for continuos suport for his family, and all the hours of fun hes given us thru all this time.   If you don't know what Patreon is,   -
1	Thorin is one of those people who can talk 10 minutes just to express something they could have said in 3 sentences   You could basically make a 1 line
0	This ended a friendship of mine... well aquaintenceship. A guy I hung out withs wife poeted on Facebook  that she took extra time loading her trunk,  then walking around her car,  then dicking around on the phone in her turned off car. She got a slew of You Go Girls from her equally awful friends amd I merely stated "You know that YOU are the villain of this story he was trying to park you were bullying" and I guess it sent a cascade of negative remarks towards her and that night I got a call saying I couldn't  hang out with Joe.
0	I went to school with a girl who refuses to vaccinate her children now because she lost her baby brother at a very young age. The full story behind just proves that this girl is an asshat though. Her baby brother died in a car accident on the way home from the pediatrician the day he got his second round of shots (4 months). She claims that him getting his vaccines was the ultimate cause of death instead of, you know, being hit by a fucking car and not being properly strapped into his car seat.
1	DON't PLAY RANKED YET. I am speaking as someone that went 3-10 and was placed bronze three. Yes, I was the kid that was actually better than what he placed. I wasted three months of climbing to gold because I didnt wait to really hone some of my skills and learn all positions before I rushed my 10 placements.
0	It doesn't help that all my go-to forms of entertainment require Internet. "Internet's not working, better check Reddit just in case. Nope, okay, PC games it is. I wonder if Steam has any good sale- dammit. Urgh, Xbox One? Nope, all the best stuff is online. Can't even rely on my phone, data usage is close to the limit for this month. Crap.".   Eventually I end up using an intricate system of mini-usb cables, multi-USB cables, USB speakers and back up phone batteries to play emulated N64 (sticking true to the nerd I am I also have USB N64 controllers I can plug in) or watch movies on my phone.
0	Edit: This was referring to /u/keystothemoon 's comment, which I mistook for OP's post for no reason other than /u/keystothemoon 's comment was near the top of the page... Feelin'  super  sharp today.   I'm sorry this happened to you, it's an incredible violation for you. I find it fucking appalling.   Perhaps she really wanted to hurt you w/ this vile weapon (false accusations, her friends' trust) she found herself in possession of, perhaps she was a gross, hateful person & did it on purpose. Perhaps she was an entitled, immature person & couldn't at all appreciate what this would do to you. Perhaps she didn't even care what it would do to you b/c all she cared about was relieving her shame/negative emotions, so she relieved herself of any agency in an act that made her feel bad by fabricating your guilt & her innocence.   My take is that feminism is a total red herring here. More culpable in driving her actions is internalized sex-negative bullshit: the delusion that casual sex is dirty, bad, or diminishes your value.   Should /u/keystothemoon read this, I'm sorry if this rubs you the wrong way. As w/ any stranger's unsolicited opinion, I trust you'll disregard it if it's bothersome to you. I apologize if it annoys you, you've already had enough grief from this.
0	If I were a feminist.   I would campaign against female only gyms and female only sections in gyms. If I wasn't seen to be promoting equality even when it didn't benefit me then I wouldn't have any credibility.   I would confront my employer about their female mentor ship program and goal to have a certain percentage of women on the board in 5 years as it's discriminatory and will result in the best candidate not being given the job. Something that I'm strongly opposed to.   I would accept that young people are quite often stupid and do stupid things like get drunk and have sex that they regret later. That's not rape it's called growing up.   I think if I did all this then when I say things like 'Hey why do women get paid less for doing the same job?' then I might get listened to.
1	Heimerdinger is not a garbage champ at all. (I may be have some bias: own 3 skins, played him quite a bit). He can honestly win any matchup.   Laning phase is pretty easy, consists of zoning and farming with your turrets, stunning enemies that come in your turrets' range, and poking with your rockets.   Heim's ultimate is just amazing. There's something for almost any situation. Two or three enemies diving you? Ult+q+zhonyas (while in the range of your other turret's as well) and pick up a double or triple. Need to burst an enemy down from long range (stun) ult+w. Need to initiate a teamfight (or back off from a losing one)? Ult+e.   Peoples hate for heimerdinger probably come from playing against him. It's just really hard to go all in or gank a heim. There just not much you can do against him. If you play heimerdinger, just be prepared for being flamed by the enemy for just sitting back and letting your turret's do all the work for you.
0	I will agree with some of your points, however, if someone has sex with another person, knowing they are in a relationship, I still feel this makes them a bad person.   I've had the "don't you trust me?" argument thrown at me a few times when I was warned by people that she was a cheater. And I let my ego get in the way until I caught her. But I still feel like the person she slept with has no argument. They slept with my girlfriend, knowing that she was supposed to be committed to me. That is not a good person and while in a way, they did me a favor, they're still just as much of a piece of shit as my cheating ex.
0	Pharmacy tech here, this happens a lot, actually... Most people understand; you apologise, they thank you for it, and you tell them you will make a note of it so this doesn't happen again. I've never had anyone get upset at me for this, and I've had it happen at least 6 or 7 times in the last three years....   Like I said it's not really uncommon, considering that people on medications usually have something wrong with them, and the older folks are typically on more and more medications the older they get.
0	Ok so i might have exaggerated the 60kg lifts. Theyre all machine lifts on their own but we have product like gun safes that need two or more ppl to lift. We have a system that gives you a specific time for weights, distance, shift length etc. All based on safe weight limits and working procedures. If they cant hit 100% theyre an obese mess or lazy as fuck.
1	Just wanted to jump on your point here, « personal » AP items mean little since Riot can tweak that Champion's ratios just to adapt to their taste (see Cassiopeia : she may have >9000 AP lategame but Riot specifically tweaked her ratios). It, however, is a question of whether they want that champion to synergize well or not with  Rabaddon's Deathcap .   Edit :  By that I mean... Let's say the Hextech Core gives 200 AP (it's 155 but I want easier numbers to compute). Riot wants Viktor's  Death Ray  to gain a ~150 damage powerspike (for whatever reason) when Viktor finishes his  Hextech Core . Therefore, they will give it a 0.75 AP ratio (it's 0.7 currently).  However !  They also want to reward Viktor for going glass canon (i.e.  Rabaddon's Deathcap ), so they keep the +200 AP item but will probably decrease  Death Ray  ratio if the need arise.   Saying that « he's the only guy who can build more than 2 +120 AP items » would work only if every champion in the game was identical. If that argument was solid, it would indeed be a « Viktor is plain better » argument, which Riot seems pretty wanton to avoid (see Toplane Disaster and current Jungle issues), preferring « Viktor is better  in that situation, filling that role  » - for good reasons.
1	How I got over my toxicity:   A while ago, I was your average silver ADC Main, and I got pissed off A LOT. Eventually, I got so mad at the game, I gave up. I said "Instalocking Nidalee, every game, every lane" I stopped talking in chat and communicated only through pings. When I did talk, i would only say things like Nids quote's, or just put <3's when deserved. I generally never get mad at the game anymore and tend to play for fun alone. From Silver 1 to Plat 4, the climb has begun.   This obviously will not work for some people (or most people), but just what i did to get out of my toxicity.
1	TF W+ TF E+ Lich Bane.   His items were Rabadons Deathcap, Zhonyas Hourglass, Morellonomicon, Lich Bane, and Mejais (Likely 20 Stacks).   This means the gold card had a base damage of 175%xTF's base AD, with 175 Base Damage (He's level 17, assuming E max 3rd), and a 155% AP scaling.   Twisted Fate's base AD will be 102, giving him 102 Physical Damage, and 76 Magic Damage (Due to Lich Bane). TF's AP will be (assuming 21/X/X with all AP damage dealing masteries maxed out) 120+120+80+80+180+15+15+6 or 616, which multiplied by 1.43 is 880 AP. With a 155% AP Scaling, this equates to 1364 Damage.   Twisted Fates Total Damage right now is 1440 Magic Damage and 102 Physical Damage. With Havoc, its is now 1483.2 Magic Damage and 102 Physical Damage.   Yasuo has no MR (assuming he is not running MR runes), leading to him only having his 30 base MR. TF gets 28 effective MR on Yasuo after factoring masteries, and only 5 effective MR on Yasuo after factoring runes. That is basically 5% effective HP against TF's magic damage burst. Yasuo has 1416 HP (keep in mind Yasuo has taken some damage), with a 215 shield on passive.
0	I hate that this myth is so pervasive and persistent in our culture. Exercise doesn't magically negate the effects of poisoning your body. You might look healthy on the outside, but you are still killing yourself. Most people understand that you can't just exercise to counteract the effects of smoking. No one would say, "You just consumed arsenic? You better go for a run!" Why do people, then, think it is different when it comes to alcohol and crappy food?
0	I just gave up drinking coke 5 weeks ago. I used to wake up every night with crippling acid reflux and I'd vomit acid like the little dinosaur that kills Newman in Jurassic Park. I've only done so once in the last 4 weeks.
1	Look into Soraka if you want a true healer. As someone who mains Sona, I can honestly say her heal is somewhat close to a joke. It costs a large amount of mana early, and doesn't heal that well. Sona is VERY strong at long, sustained trades however. If your adc and you keep having skirmishes with the enemy, you'll outlast them no problem. Sona is VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY weak to being engaged on, as her only CC is her E powerchord (Which you typically don't get a point in E until level 4 or 8), or her ultimate. You're either gambling your life with a powerchord, or burning your ultimate just to save your life. Soraka has an AoE silence, which turns into a root if they stay in it at the end. You throw that puddle down and walk away like nothing happened. Nami's E is basically 3 Sona's E powerchords, except applicable on ANY ally, and Nami has her bubbles as well for disengage, counter-engage, or just straight engage if you're good enough. The other main difference is that Sona's heal is not targetted, and I've had cases where it would top of my 90% hp ally instead of healing the 20% one, whereas Nami and Soraka are able to target their heals.
0	I put my resume damn near everywhere I could. Monster, career builder, my state's department of labor website, etc... and applied to everything I could find.   My first semi-real job I got out of college was as a test technician for military hardware. I got that job because they were looking for about two dozen of us and could afford to have a few washouts during training. It was a two months full time, four months off deal.   The next job (my current one) is full time. Remember how I said to post your resume everywhere? There are a billion temp-to-hire recruiters out there browsing job sites. When they spot your resume they'll email you about a position they've been contracted to fill and, if you're interested, they'll contact the company for you to arrange the interview. If you're hired, you technically work for the headhunter for 6-12 months and at the end of your contract, the host company has the option to hire you themselves if they're happy with you. This is what happened for me. I was brought in to interview as a test technician, clicked really well with the interviewers and was hired on as a temp. I used those six months to work my ass off and make a name for myself. At the end of my contract, there was a position open as a test engineer so I applied on a whim. They knew what I could do, so they hired me as one of their own and promoted me right out of the gate.
0	i played d1 sports in college and played semi-pro in the summers so I couldn't work a job. i have to be honest, as much as people think you get the benefit of the doubt as an athlete, often you're left with interesting experiences and few upsides. the sports/coaching industry is incredibly bureaucratic (imagine that!), businesses want you purely for sales/commission based work, and all of your free time was spent working out, working out to workout, or working on your workout.
0	So here's the story:   I was with this one girl (Rachel) for a little while and we broke up because we never got to see each other. I started liking this other girl (Pam), but never got very far with it. Rachel started flirting with me (or at least I thought so) and I still had feelings for her so I was going to ask her if she wanted to get back together with me. Then yesterday (when I was going to ask Rachel if she wanted to get back together) I saw Rachel and Pam kiss. I knew Rachel was bi and I thought Pam was bi, but out of all the people they had to date each other.
1	Overall, I think you have a good idea. But in practical terms, it is unreasonable and difficult to administer. What happens when your entire team votekicks the first pick because he locked a jungler, where there was someone else who wanted to jungle? Problematic to say the least.   And another issue I've noticed: a ton of people do off-meta related things. playing such things as [NAMI JUNGLE]( could be considered trolling, but they could main said thing. sure Nocturne with Clairvoyance and Ghost is pretty troll, but ynow... use clairvoyance to spot enemies to ult from a distance, ghost to keep your fear tether easier...  secret op strats m8
0	I was waiting tables on an April 1st. Had a group come in to celebrate a pregnancy. They brought a cake that would tell the baby's gender by the color of the cake, revealed when cutting it. The expectant mom was not yet aware of the impending child's sex. She cuts the cake to reveal pink, joyously exclaiming, "I was really really hoping for a baby girl!" That was quickly followed by hubby and  family yelling, "April Fool's!" The hormonal pregnant lady did not find the humor in this. That was an awkward check to drop.
1	Top - usually tanks (Gnar, Maokai) or AP mage (Lissandra, Rumble)   Jungle - either earlygame based jungler, that snowballs other lanes with his huge damage earlygame (Lee Sin, Rek Sai) or utility tank (Sejuani, Zac) that shines in lategame.   Mid - mostly AP sustain damage (Orianna, Ziggs) or AP burst mages (Annie, Viktor etc.) or assassins (Zed, Katarina, LeBlanc). Most of mids stay by their supports and marksmans to peel each other, but assassins need to damage enemy backline.   ADC - physical damage carries, super squishy but he's main source of damage (Lucian, Graves, Caitlyn)   Support - adc's support (Thresh, Janna, Nami). He controls vision and makes plays by catching enemies, by engaging teamfights etc.   I'm mid main so I can tell you that mid is mostly about outfarming, outplaying (killing) and outroaming your opponent. The best champions right now are: Zed, Xerath, Ahri, LeBlanc, Viktor, Katarina, Annie (random order)   Laning phase takes place from start to about 10 or 20 minutes (really depends on how lanes are going and roaming). After that teams should be focused on taking objectives (Towers, Dragons, Baron;   Towers give map control and global gold,   Dragons give permament stacks, that gives you combat/movement/pushing stats (taking dragons is really good, because it pays off in lategame), but give no gold.   Baron gives same gold as 2 towers to everyone on team and gives a buff to everyone on team that gives you 40ap/40ad and faster recalling (4sec instead of 8sec) AND aura that makes your minions faster and stronger, but only when someone with baron buff is in range.
1	to keep it simple: If the passive has a name, it will not stack. if it just says Unique passive, it will stack. :)  So I Lichbane and a triforce, wont stack. A ghost blade and a Black cleaver armor pen, will stack! :D So rememeber
0	If anyone wants to get into podcasts, try Startalk or Sleepycabin. Startalk is with Neil DeGrasse Tyson and it's actually very entertaining and interesting. Sleepycabin is funny as hell in my opinion, worth trying if you have a darker sense of humor.
1	They've already explained why this wouldn't work. They have to be able to penalize people with -lp without taking away their mmr. If Riot takes away 3 lp for a dodge or even 10 or more for repeated offenses, they can't take away mmr or a good player will play with bad players simply because he skipped. If you use an artificial lp system you can take away the merit without taking away mmr. If people can just check their mmr after a punishment and see it hasn't changed then they won't care about dodging or decay or anything  else.   The lp system is necessary, just poorly implemented. Promotion series are largely arbitrary and completely contradictory to the idea of lp in the first place. Afks in a game could easily subtract from lp but not mmr (I'm not a worse player for losing the game because someone didn't connect than I would be if I won if he had). In other words the benefits that could have come from an lp system were largely ignored while drawbacks like lp cliffs (try dia 5) or promotion series are there for seemingly no reason.   The elo system as a whole breaks down after around the 2.5k elo mark anyway, so it's not really Riot's fault. Challenger and Master are huge and largely inneffective bandaids placed to keep it in check. Chess masters also use the elo system and the gripes are numerous. At a high enough elo it's impossible to seperate people consistantly and fairly. To get to 2.5 or even 2.9ish like some have done you need to beat worse players, but if a 2.9 elo shits on 2.3 elo kids all day every day, is he 3.0? How can he be if no one else is there? Who is to say how much better someone like Faker, Apdo, or Marin are than their counterparts? Are they winning because they're gods and could easily demolish people, or are they winning because their skill cap is just a liiiiiiitle bit higher than everyone else's? They'd win either way, but their skill is largely unknown.
0	My mother moved to Baltimore when I was 14, when I was 16 I finally got the chance to visit her. She didn't have much money and stayed about 20 mins out of the centre of town (I forget the area), anyway one of the first days she was working and I was left on my own I got bored and went for a walk. Ended up in what I found out after was a rather sketchy area. Now, a few people did approach me looking rather menacing, asking for money etc. And I did shit myself a fair bit, but as soon as I spoke to them were super nice to me and went on there way wishing me well and goodbye.   Now to let you know I am Scottish, and when they thought I was just some random white American kid they were totally gonna kick my ass and take my money. But, for some reason, as soon as they heard my Scottish accent.... nah not gonna bother him, just gonna ask loads of dumb ass questions about kilts and Nessie. This is when I learned Americans really do love Scots, fuck knows why, I was no different to any other white kid there. And for the rest of my time in Baltimore, no matter who approached me giving me shit (yeah pretty much always angry looking black guys asking me if I had any spare change, or strange looking sexual deviants trying to pick up a young white boy) I'd just hit out with my Scottish accent and boom, every one was my best mate, no hassles.   Take what you want from this story, but in my experience a 16 year old Scottish kid is effectively untouchable in one of the most dangerous cities in America.
1	I didnt watch the replay completely, i was skipping for 30 secs or so till the end to see how the game progressed so  I might be wrong but:     You should give kills to your teammates more. Now, i know it might sound crazy, but youre not going to carry 1v5. You just arent. Giving kills to your teammates will make the stronger and you will win as a team.     Dont build full tank eve when youre going fucking legendary. Get some damage and then you might see improvement. When you get 13 kills in a game you shouldnt really be going full tank, on 90% of the champions. The few exceptions are maybe Nunu, Nautilus, Sion and maybe top lane smite Shyvana. Other than that you should always get at least 1 or 2 damage items if youre this much up in gold. Those dont have to be Infinity Edges, you can buy Abyssal, Ryalis, Black Cleaver, etc.     Last one, the most important one. Try not to focus too much on others mistakes and try to play the game more calm. You werent even playing and I saw you were pretty salty. I can only imagine how it is when you play. Just try to relax a bit, if things dont work out for 2 or 3 games its alright, just go outside a bit, play some other game, do whatever. Pretty much
1	Not the viewers just you. it sounds like you're hearing what you want to hear. because riot knowing that NA LOVES SKT almost as much as tsm you should be experiencing the same for amount of noise from them according to your conspiracy theory. you should also hear sounds for FNC since a lot of na viewers favor them as well. I don't believe you know what your talking about for a lot of areas. Such as you believe that ONLY TSM fans came to this event, or the fact that you think just because their tsm fans means they don't have other teams they're fans of.
1	very much has changed, new champs, new map, new items.  overall its to much to write all down, watch some patchnotes
1	What good comes out of them giving you an update? If it gets delayed all you are going to do is bitch at them. If they hype it up you're going to bitch at them for not doing this or doing that. And if you don't bitch at them somebody else will. I'm pretty sure you noticed lately riot doesn't give any heads up to anything until it is almost done, aka at most several weeks in advanced. Riot has slowly learned from the past that telling people way too early do nothing but create disappointment and backlash (remember magma chamber?). So I don't blame them for not saying anything.   With that being said, I personally think it will be a feature that riot has dropped or maybe put on hiatus indefinitely. I say that cuz it's not that important of a feature. Sure you see it being brought up on reddit but the reddit player base is pretty much tiny compared to the entire league player base and I'm pretty sure they did polls and found that not enough people cared enough for it. Most of us just wants to play the damn game and they're probably working on other things to improve the player experience (I actually visited their hq and saw some pretty cool projects that go towards this goal that isn't just skins or champions). Plus there are 3rd party tools to let you do replays already.
1	As I've sad elsewhere, bandwidth is almost never an issue for datacentres. Unlike storage, which expands with time, bandwidth remains constant. Sending data through a cable doesn't cost money, but the cable does. In comparison to storage, bandwidth is incredibly cheap and only needs to be paid for once, with some small maintenance costs.
1	You're the stupid one if you can't even understand what he said. His friend is playing bad (aka toxic play) so that in the end everyone reports his teammates because they flamed through chat while he said nothing but enraged others with his lack of team play and unwillingness to win.
1	in an ARAM yesterday. Other than that, about a week ago a guy called jungle, picked elise, then somebody else instalocked jungle yi shortly after. So elise played support
1	Well, leaverbuster does its work and bans people who leaves a lot in games so after all you don't need to report anyone for afk. Leaverbuster detects it.   &nbsp;   Now, from my point of view, I have always said that if your pc can't handle the game you shouldn't be playing. You're being selfish if you do so, only caring about your fun even knowing that you could end crashing or dcing and therefore making your team lose.   &nbsp;   My philosophy is that if someone disconnects, I report him. If it only happened for a game then he won't be banned anyways. And if he really has a shitty computer that can't play the game then you are helping the system to make him stop ruining anyone else game.   &nbsp;
1	My favourite part is when loading screen freezes when everyone's at 100% and you're like "dafuq this is taking a while" and then you realise Riot are retarded and have put no way of detecting if you've crashed or not whilst in loading screen, so you reload and the enemy laner is five levels ahead AND WOW I'VE GOT SUCH A GREAT GAME AHEAD OF ME.
1	Don't worry i am too. I played a game as AP teemo (recently bought and loving him) and right from the beginning i knew my teammates would be assholes. I clicked teemo and didn't lock in as usual and my team instantly started saying "OMG PLS NO TEEEMO HE IS SO BAD" and stuff like "OMG FUCKING NOOB PLS DONT PICK TEEMO" so right there i locked in. They don't know me, or my play style. Once i locked in they were saying "pls atleast go ad teemo" so i told em i'd play how i wanted to.   around 2 minutes i was 5-2-10 because the xin zhao that told me i stucked was audacious charging all my kills and ksing like crazy. I'd ignite someone and hit em with my poison and as they would run away xin would charge them and ks them. Game ended and i was like 7-3-15 (surrendered) and we won. I said "I guess i'm not so bad as teemo since i'm the only one with greater than 2:1 kd." they said "no you still suck we carry"
1	So, I just played my first 5 games of Ranked (with almost the same stats as you, 340 wins, ~ that in losses), and surprisingly, went 4-1. Surprisingly(you've no clue how hard it is to spell that after taking a bong hit. unless you do.), because although I consider myself above average, i expected 3-2 tops.   As I did expect, I "cost" my team 1 game, being so under-fed with Garen I'd just stumble into the middle of a fight and bleed. Long story, but I wasn't the only cause, our Udyr was also about as worthless as a Ken doll.   With that said, if you read up on strategy and follow most of it, you won't be a detriment to your team. WARNING: My first game, I was highest elo/banmaster. I froze, and missed a ban. Couldn't find Shen. Only get half the champs to choose from? Maybe.   Other than that, I picked a champ I was comfortable with when I was first(once a tank, we Rocked Solid), played Soraka 'cause I figured no one else would(didn't see a single other the other 4 games, other than Nidalee. Others!) and again won. Complete the team is a good way to go, unless you have a Main.   Hm... last hitting is... harder. I didn't break 100 in any of the games, which lasted about the same amount of time. I truly sucked with Garen/Trynd vs. Nidalee/Teemo. We chased them to their tower, they chased us back to ours. I did my regen thing, he did his, we charged back into the fray. Epic, we came out on top, 7/5/8 with 41 CS in 34 minutes.   Not much warding outside 1 game, and myself a spot here and there. It really just felt tighter, ya know? You step into someone's radius, they're in your grill, better able to get the free shots.   Had one rager when I had the bad game, 1/5/1 or shit. He flipped it around death 3-4. But Zilean was behind me the whole time, only used his ult once. Another small bean on the Teammate side of things.   I can picture already counter-picking become a fun part of the game.   Hm. With all that said...
0	While similar, these are two different types of douchebags. The comic you linked is about a breed of douchebag that doesn't expect downvotes and bitches when he inevitably receives them. This comic is about douchebags trying to whore for karma by tricking the hivemind into believing they are independent thinkers.
1	So um, that sounds great, but speaking as a software engineer, that's not actually how bugs (or in particular fixing bugs) works.  If they found a bug, particularly a critical bug, then it's not like they can just "release everything else while they fix it."  Assuming that they even know where the bug is, making the code-change to "leave that part out" could easily introduce even more bugs.
1	Karma is fun and very effective, no matter what some people say. You have to be very good with her and good at last-hitting in general. If you can do that, she's insane and pumps out a lot of AOE damage as well as being fairly supporty. Just don't play her as a full-on support; her heal is pretty crappy on everyone except tanks so you should build more like a tanky AP carry.   I max the shield first. It makes it impossible for the opponents to do any damage at all if you use it right and it hurts pretty bad at the same time when mantra'd. I max the Q second and take one rank in bond at level four for those pinch slowdown opportunities and also for farming (it does a surprising amount of damage when you drag it through minions).   As far as items go, Rod of Ages is probably the best to rush and the best item overall for Karma. Otherwise, Kage's Lucky Pick or a Philo Stone are good to grab quick. Your main source of income is farming/assisting so the extra gold can help a lot. Depending on the situation, I either go Ionian Boots or Sorceror's Shoes. If I don't get Ionian Boots, I try to grab a Fiendish Codex later and build it into Deathfire Grasp. It's a fun late-game item for Karma as well. And of course, Rabadabadabadabadabadon's. Things like Frozen Heart or Aegis are fantastic after you've got decent AP. It makes you even harder to kill than you already are.   Runes: magic pen. marks, mana regen per level seals, AP/level glyphs, and flat AP quints.
1	I don't like to build AP on Karma. I start with a double faerie charm + pots build or one faerie charm with an enemt jungle, and rush Philo. The reason is, I don't like to take farm from my lane partner, and a philo, occasional creep, and assist gold is plenty for me. Afterwards, I gauge how well we're doing. If my lane has scored a few early kills, I'll pick up my ionian boots of lucidity. If it's passive or we're losing, I get a HoG and tier 1 boots. Again, evaluate the gameplay as you b to buy items. Fed AD carries destroying you? Rush Thornmail or Frozen Heart. And FoN or BV for AP. I love tanky Karma because my shields are plenty strong without AP, and it allows for me to easily heal and disrupt fights by standing in the center. I also can meatshield much much better and let my dps run away if need be. By being in the center, I can help dps with my Q if we're winning, W an escaping enemy or a chasing teammate, etc. Late game, I like to upgrade my philo to either a eleisa's miracle if they're cc heavy or a shurelya's if not. Another item I love is QSS, as Karma has difficulties escaping with CC on her. Don't forget wards are your friends!
1	Zilean was on skype with me and doing exactly what he should have been doing, though he was doing it a bit early.  When I asked him why he did it so early it was because of my dash; he had no idea if I'd be in range when I needed it.   Intelligent players will see a Zilean ult know they have to make a decision: Focus this target down and have them come back with more health than they had, or let them pound on you for 7 seconds.  Either way, a Zilean ult on a character that gets focused (like Akali) gives them a lot more freedom to deal damage in situations where they normally wouldn't.  Akali's role in a team fight is to assassinate the carry and low HP targets.  In order to fufill that role she does massive burst damage, but to counter that she's squishy as all fuck.  A Zilean ult means she has 7 seconds to burst down ANYONE, which is long enough to turn any team fight in her favor.
1	Free to play, try it out sometime. It's a game style that spawned off DoTA, a custom game from Warcraft III, basically you have your hero (5v5 or 3v3) and you're trying to kill the enemy's nexus/base before they kill yours. Add in lots of PvP, neutral monsters that give buffs, small creeps in lanes on each sides, and towers that defend the lanes and that's the game.
1	There are two modes: 5v5 and 3v3; 5v5 being the dominant one (3v3 wasn't there originally and 5v5 is, in general favored).   There are three lanes that spawn minions and a jungle in between with neutral monsters.   You control a champion that has 4 spells, one of which is an ultimate that cannot be used until level 6, and a passive. Each champion (there are 81) has 4 unique spells and passives; however, despite which champion you are playing, you get 2 spells that you choose before and you can pick despite which champion you play. Ghost allows you to run fast for an amount of time, Ignite deals true damage based on your level and cuts down healing effects by 50%, Exhaust makes the target move slower and do significantly less damage, etc.   The goal of the game, ultimately, is to destroy the enemy nexus. How this is achieved is killing 1 or more inhibitors in each lane (one per lane guarded by 3 turrets, only one required to win), which allows for the turrets guarding the Nexus to be attacked and then allows for the Nexus to be destroyed.   There are a lot of other elements to the game. There are buffs (red buff  makes your auto attack deal "true damage" (ignores armor and MR, does the damage that it says), more damage per your level, and slows, blue buff gives you mana and energy regeneration and cool down reduction) that are obtained from killing the neutral monster that holds it, global objectives (killing Dragon gives each person on your team Gold,  killing Baron gives each person on your team more Gold, experience, and a buff), and more.   Each champion also has it's own unique play style and role. For example,  Annie is a burst caster meaning that she can do a lot of damage in a short amount of time but has to wait for cool downs before doing any more damage. And, since her damage is mostly from spells, she itemizes Ability Power to hit higher. Amumu is a tank who has great initiation. Ashe is an AD (attack damage) carry whose damage comes mostly from her auto attack, therefore buying AD makes her hit higher, but also benefits from crit chance, life steal, and attack speed.   In general, the game has many elements and in order to be good at the game you have to understand these elements and use the knowledge to your advantage. It's also tons of fun to play and I would definitely recommend it to anybody and everybody. It's kind of like Nexus Wars, in a way.
1	Another thing to note blueboybob, is that League of Legends is going to be coming out with one of their biggest updates since the game was released as a closed beta, its a whole new game mode with a whole different type of strategy involved.   I had seen previously you asked about the length of games, and even though the traditional map Summoner's Rift (5v5) can take anywhere from 20 minutes (surrender) to 80 minutes (the longest I've ever played) this new game mode averages around 20 minutes of explosively action packed gameplay. This new mode is called Dominion, and I'll post some helpful links in a second. Basically, if you are familiar with Call of Duty games where you play Domination, you capture 5 point on the map with your champion, and the longer you hold these points for, and the more you control, the faster your enemy teams points fall. When your enemy team's points hit 0, you win. This game mode is something revolutionary to the MOBA genre, and you'll basically be around as it sprouts.   Things to note about Dominion:     Brand New Map   Brand New Game Mode   New Items   Instead of starting at level 1 in game, you start at level 3 (max level is 18)   New buffs (special  upgrades  in game such as speed boost or more damage)
1	You know what sucks is that the majority of times I play with redditors I feel so pressured to play perfectly. I know that's my own problem, but I remember 2 particular games where in the first game, one of the redditors said in mumble "Guys, how does it feel to have a girl have a better k/d ratio than us" (I'm a girl) and at first I thought it was just a joke but he said something similar later on and I think he really meant it.   I'm usually not sensitive about the whole "haha gamer girls lololol" but I don't want to have to worry about that when I'm just trying to play with fellow redditors.   In the 2nd game, I was having a lot of trouble getting turretdove like crazy up top and although I kept asking if I could get some help, they just said "you better step your game up", or "I blame this loss on you".   Sorry, had to let that out.   Feels bad man.
0	Totally unrelated. My samsung 65 inch DLP TV just had the light tunnel collapse so there is a giant vertical shadow on the left side of the screen.
1	I play mostly solo top offtank and the occasional jungle udyr, so can anyone enlighten me a bit on what the required runes are for this build? I know I can jungle with udyr and WW without very many runes, but ive tried jungling with noc and I just kinda die..... and I DO know how to position his Q to land all the creeps. And what about in lane?
1	When I first saw Talon's Crimson Elite skin, I was like : "What the fuck is this space opera power ranger shit?!", and I also had that sort of reaction at Riven's version. But then I thought about it a little, and if they can keep the concept going for the other characters who are no doubt going to have this type of skin, it is going to be quite hilarious to have that sort of uniformed power ranger team. It is sort of a unique 90'ish style.   They should just be careful to not drop the ball on the aesthetic like they did with Commando Lux, who doesn't really seem to fit in with the other Commandos. Maybe she is like special forces or some shit or some special type of officer or whatever, but I think I would have preferred a look that was more unified with the other commandos like this one made by ChiZ:
1	This right here is why i stopped jungling. almost without fail, I will have a lane who bitches that they never get ganks even though they have the enemy hugging their own tower because they pushed it so hard. Then they get ganked because they dont have a river ward. So i put my wriggles ward down there for them instead of warding objectives or jungle. Or the best is when im getting blue or red and gank the lane closest to the buff and the lane furthest away is like wtf man why you gank lane closest to you?
1	What I want to make clear is that HALF the people you play with are better than you are and HALF the people you play with are worse. You could be gaining rank quickly and then it's slightly less than half to slightly more than half.   The problem with this theory is that it supposes nobody "belongs" at any elo other than what they're at.   For instance, someone who "belongs" at 900 Elo, will (probably) be the worst player in every single game they play until they hit that Elo.  Since it only takes minor amounts of luck to win half their games in the first 10 ranked games, it will take around 30 straight losses to put them at their rightful Elo.  That entire time, they'll be the worst player on the team.   Likewise, someone who belongs at 1900 Elo will be the best player on their team for many games.
1	ding ding ding. and the most important takeaway from all of that,
1	Why would you want to promote this kind of lazy attitude?  Even as a joke?  I would prefer for the community to actually think and read over
1	Here's a good guide by Westrice at Solomid. It will give you a good idea for masteries and runes. As for playstyle, be very passive before you get your ultimate and focus on getting as many CS as you possibly can get. Once you hit level 6, poking becomes much easier, as you deal tons of damage with Q. Speaking of, my preferred skill order is Q-E-W, maxing R at 6-11-16. Now, one thing you must know about akali in order to deal as much damage as you can : Casting Q then R immediately afterwards causes you to get to your target before your Q, wasting an auto-attack, therefore wasting your Q. The trick is to cast your Q and wait half a second to a second. Then jump at your target with R and enjoy seeing a good chunk of your enemies HP drop.
1	There is a simple solution for this, TwitchTV is the gaming redirect for JustinTV, go to  and sign up there, then go to their games section at  , find what you are looking for there, and it will redirect to TwitchTV without you having to deal with their shit website.
1	Simple solution to TwitchTV's crappy website  *   There is a simple solution for this, TwitchTV is the gaming redirect for JustinTV, go to  and sign up there, then go to their games section at  , find what you are looking for there, and it will redirect to TwitchTV without you having to deal with their shit website.
1	For me, MF feels like a champ with so much potential, but falls flat in almost every way.   Starting with her passive, it's nice, but it tends not to provide much benefit for when you actually NEED movespeed, i.e. in chasing and running from ganks. It's handy to have for when you're running from fountain and between lanes, but it doesn't bring much to the game beyond that.   Her Q is probably her strongest skill, which is a bummer because it feels entirely gimmicky and pretty tricky to land reliably. A tiny change like making it seek out Champions (similar to Sona's Q) if at all possible would make this a much stronger skill and take away some of the finicky nature. The mana cost is pretty high for early spamming, which is when it's most effective. Aside from the double-bounce, it's a really inferior single-shot nuke compared to stuff like gangplank's parrrley.   Her W is really situational. The extra AS is always nice, but AS is pretty cheap to itemize for so it's not really that critical. The skill's real meat is in the stacking damage, and healing reduction. The extra damage is great to have if you're focus-firing someone, and will add up with enough items. That's what saves this skill from being totally useless. The reason why it's situational is that its effectiveness depends a lot on the enemy teamcomp. If you're going against, say...Warwick, Vlad, Sion, Akali, and Soraka, your W is going to be putting in some fucking work and making them bitches cry. But if you're against a team like Jarvan, Ezreal, Karthus, Janna, and Amumu, they're not too likely to notice the reduction in heals. I feel like this skill could be really improved if it added a DoT like Tristana's explosive shot.   Her E is by far her weakest skill. Huge mana cost, short duration, so-so range, and totally pathetic damage. It's only useful for the slow, which isn't really that impressive compared against other AOE slow skills like Singed's super adhesive. Long casting time that sort of makes it tricky to use it as an escape. At least it gives vision.   The ulti is probably the most underwhelming skill in the game in terms of visuals vs actual effect. From the image, you expect it to be this powerful, devastating wave of death and destruction, but all it really does is annoy the enemy team and throw up a giant red arrow that says "CC ME YOU GUIZE!" It takes way too long to do substantial damage, and the windup time is way too long to hit the enemy with the element of surprise like you can with Kat's ult. Often times you'll get your ass stunned after the first wave of bullets, her laugh is a HUGE giveaway.   I really wish MF was as good as the other carries, since I think she brings some really interesting skills to the table. But she doesn't have the range to be a right-click champion like Cait, doesn't have the spell utility like Ashe, and she doesn't have the slipperiness of Corki or Ezreal. A huge disappointment for me.
1	We can assume that, with a 0 mph frame of reference for Solipsze, that the flash frost will be traveling at 220mph. That's a rate of 3.67 miles per minute, or 0.27 minutes per mile.
0	I wish I could upvote this more than once. I actually had someone who had gotten something for free as a promotion come in and try to return that item. I tried to tell her that since she wasn't charged for the item, I couldn't give her any money back for it. She got really mad and eventually the manager gave her a store credit for it.
1	Cass's Q has a 3-second cooldown; Morg's shield lasts 5 seconds, and has a 15-second cooldown. Until she get's nearly full CDR, Morg's shield will be down more than half of the time, and that window is wide enough for Cass to throw two Qs at her. Even while the shield is up, every Q after the first will deal damage through the shield. Also, I'm pretty sure that a reactive shield would not remove the poisoned condition, which means that Cass would be able to start wailing on you with E. Needless to say, every E would penetrate the shield.
1	Hoooooolyyy shiiiiiiit that amount of text.
1	thread is so fucking relevant, new and exciting, and pretty damn legit (and/or 'real') for just seeing the title and
1	ROFL   you're so fucking mad. yeah how dare i educate my fellow gamer about problems that are extremely common among people who spend a lot of time sitting (anterior pelvic tilt). such pseudo-intellectualism, someone with a bio B.S. degree who has done a ton of research for self-fitness purposes actually providing the correct terminology in case anyone wants to google it and learn more.   please shut up. if you think my original post was anything more than a 5-second joke, you need to stop projecting whatever fucked up ideas you have. not everyone takes the internet as seriously as you.   finally, everything i said i said with the confidence of having researched the subject for over the past two years on my own in addition to whatever basic knowledge i acquired in school. i hate pseudo-science, i and hate people like you for not knowing the difference between what's legit and what's not. a 10-second google of Anterior Pelvic Tilt would've educated you that what I am talking about is not in any way bogus, and is one of the most increasingly big problems in sedentary lifestyle first-world countries.
1	It is absolutely core on Kog'maw, first off. It is also a great item on WW because it procs on his ult, 6 times I think. It is core on Teemo, because what else do you build on him? It greatly benefits Vayne. but is not "core." Shaco uses it very well, because his ult procs it as well, making it 8% per hit. There are others were it is good, but I think that covers all the characters that have it as a core build. It is really only good for most AD carries if the enemy is stacking health, were as Black Cleaver is for armor.
1	it's dom, like it matters   but seriously this is why they need to add ranked dom so people that want to play it seriously like you can.   not me though, i play nidalee in most my dom matchs (+40 wins atm) and have fun just chucking spears all game. usually i place 1st or 2nd but i just do it for fun.   maybe you should find a character you enjoy just playing in the mean time?
1	knowing when to Baron is a decision that I think should be left to the jungler it makes it easy to decide when and when not to Baron and leaves no questions from the team. When advantage is had the most important thing is that everybody on the team move together and do the same thing.  Any jungler worth his (or her) salt should be studying gameplay and recognize what to do when. Does the jungler say Baron? No? Do something else, solves the problem right away.
1	This to me is one of the biggest problems with LoL. There are too many champions coming out too quickly. This caters to the people who are die hard LoL players, and not at all to those of us who only play a couple of times a week. This is in NO way a casual game, and that is so bittersweet. It is impossible to come back after a week of not playing when a new champ has been released, bc i can guarantee that someone int he game will pick that champ, and I will have no idea how to counter that champ.
1	I think Riot know what they are doing   Proof : This whole AMAZING game   Let them create their game at the pace they want and stop doubting them.  They never disappointed me (so far) in almost two years and since i'm playing people complain about what they are doing and about how they are doing some things.   People want a new map so bad.  Dominion is not even 1 year old and most of people I know didn't played it in month, it's gonna be the same with MagmaC. (please refer to : the TT syndrome)   People want more balance.  In the forum you see people complaining on tweaks and adjustments in every Patch Notes.   And if Riot dares to do important change (new jungle, masteries, re-work) A huge part of the community's going to complain about how things were better back then !  If riot would listen to all those posts on this subreddit or on the forum, they would be clueless about what to do.
1	Yeah, it would be awesome if before every tournament their could be a march-madness-like site where you can make your own bracket and predictions.   Also, I really like this idea but the way you have it set up is kind of annoying =/. There's too many numbers / slots and teams to keep track of. I had to pull out a piece of paper and do it there. It would be awesome if you could just "click" on which team would win each match. And then the loser bracket is automatically made from the choices you make. It's kind of hard to explain what I'm trying to say without pictures, but I don't think it would be too hard to code (I'm a web developer and webmaster of my university)
1	I'm pretty sure the math was done on this subreddit and in terms of raw damage over like 10 seconds, Vayne was #1 and then Twitch and Kog.   Bear in mind that Trist's Q only has a 35% uptime. After those 7 seconds she's doing pretty average damage because she has no other steroids. Her other spells are negligible in terms of damage, and are there solely for utility by endgame.   A champion like Vayne has 12 seconds on her ult, true damage that's strong at all stages of the game, an auto attack reset that repositions and gives 50% more damage on a super low cooldown, and a situational stun.   I'm neglecting to mention the two things that make her really strong. Her range, and the utility of her Rocket Jump and Ultimate. I believe that the reason people don't pick Trist is because they can just pick Kog'Maw and have a much stronger mid game which can snowball you to late game during which you'll most likely do more damage. The percent health shred on Kog is really good all game, his mid game is really strong because of it, and he has more range than Trist with 47% uptime. Giving him blue, which is more feasible than giving Trist blue because of the spammable nature of his spells, the uptime is about 58%. In addition, mathematically Kog is stronger in the 8 seconds of Bio Arcane Barrage than Trist is during the 7 seconds of Rapid Fire.   Now yes, Trist will maintain her 700 range after Rapid Fire ends, and Kog will go back down to 500 range when Bio Arcane Barrage ends, so after 8 seconds Trist has the advantage. The idea is that he'll do so much damage in those 8 seconds that it's worth it to pick him over Trist.   Also, upon looking at [this document]( again, and looking at slide 56 which looks at damage over the course of 10 seconds of all AD carries including all of their steroids, passives, and other buffs, it's pretty clear why you'd take Kog'Maw over Tristana. It's really quite interesting to see Tristana so low. I'm not surprised about the top 3 being Vayne, Kog, and Twitch, but it was surprising to see Miss Fortune and Sivir higher than Trist by level 18. I assume it's because of MF's impure shots passive, and Sivir's ultimate outlasting Rapid Fire. Also, I think this was from two months ago, so Sivir's ult may have been nerfed after this was released.
0	Loaded question.   No, I don't think "lesbian sex" should necessarily be threatening -- not because it's somehow less legitimate. I think there are different kinds of intimacy between men and women, women and women, and men and men; not at all more or less legitimate, but qualitatively different. So if I'm in a relationship with a girl, I'm going to expect to be a strong source of the male-female type of intimacy, but I can't expect to completely replace the female-female type of intimacy for somebody who's interested in that. Likewise, I wouldn't worry about being "replaced" by a girl, because obviously the girl I'm with already has an appetite for the male-female type of intimacy, which a girl wouldn't be able to completely replace either.
1	As a main jungler who plays Shaco and all the standard junglers, I feel like you make a valid point. Shaco does have a role late game; whether it be split pushing, soloing baron, or attempting to assasinate the enemy AD / AP Carry. However, compared to the other tanky DPS junglers, his team fight presence is lacking incredibly late game. If you build pure damage on Shaco, he will be melted extremely quickly by the AD carry who is hitting 1k every AA. If you build tanky, he doesn't have any natural tankiness. When the enemy support, who usually does, buys oracles, his assassination attempts are foiled easily. That being said, Shaco does have a late game role; however, in a 5 v 5 team fight other junglers are much better suited to do the roles of initator, peeler, or divers.
1	it's software which is installed during the initial instalation of LoL. It has no purpose afterwards, but, it keeps on uploading data constantly, without you knowing about it, and as such it slows down your game.
1	i know this will be buried but i have games like that all the time in normals (i know you dont believe me) but im in a community that has made me able to lose 8 games in a row and admit my mistakes and still go for one more game
1	Not particularly.  It's true her skill set is great and she is still a strong champion individually.  The problem is that there are many other top laners that fill her role  better  than she does.  She gets pretty stomped on by Udyr, Lee Sin, Riven, etc. and they fill very similar roles at every point in the game.  If you enjoy Irelia by all means, go for it. Like you said, she's still pretty strong - it's just not the best choice you can make in most situations.   This is coming from someone with 150 ranked games on Irelia (and at least a few hundred normals - I usually play w/ friends) @ a ~60% win rate in season 1.  Certainly not god-like but I know Irelia pretty well.  I switched to prioritizing Udyr when I needed to fill the bruiser/carry-killer role and my win rate on him is 72% this season while doing a job that is basically identical (smothering carries and absorbing damage).  Sure, Udyr does have a few general counter picks (slows like Nunu's iceball make it hard for him to jump on carries) but you have to try pretty damn hard to lose your lane.  He beats nearly every champ top lane.
0	I do the same thing to my friend from high school, he's not the most outgoing guy, so i like to steal his jokes, say them louder, and then look him in the eyes and say 'shoulda said it louder, bro; was a good one.' I don't do this to be a scumbag though. I'm trying to teach him the lesson that you've learned, because when he's off in college, all those new people wont ever hear his quiet hilarity.
0	I don't understand. I studied from 9pm to 7am for a chem final, slept for about an hour and a half, took a different, easier final, came back and slept for a couple more hours, studied from 1pm to 7pm and took my chem final at 8:30pm. My grade on the final was a 62%. After studying for so long, I felt pretty confident and digested the information well, and no, I wasn't tired during the exam.
0	I had a professor who, at one point at the end of the year, passed out an attendance sheet saying "I won't answer questions about antibody diversity from anyone who isn't here." I figured it was no big deal for me since I was front and center of every class.   After that lesson was over, the sheet stopped coming around. I was already accepted into professional school, and that school asked me to stop by to fix some things up for next year. I told her I would be out of town on Monday, and if there's anything I need to worry about "Nope, just get the notes from someone." No problem.   After I got the notes, I stopped by her office hours for help on the material that I missed. She tried the whole "You know what I said about missing class." I told her that I had not only informed her that I would have to miss ONE class, but I sat at the front row in front of her desk. Eventually, she decided she would help me out.   HOWEVER, I paid $1000 for access to the professor and material. I don't care if I missed every fucking class all fucking year. If I walk into your office hours and there's NOONE else there, you WILL fulfill your obligation as a professor and help me on the material. I can't STAND professors that will go on diatribes about students not wanting to learn and the punish students because they judge them as not worth of their time.
0	I'm not asking you to sympathize with her. I'm just pointing out that it's not unreasonable to think she regrets not making something for herself instead of becoming dependent on someone else.   I've been completely independent, with my own job my only source of income to pay all my bills and feed myself (barely, too). I've also been completely  dependent  on someone else. I did nothing while they worked and brought in the paycheck. And to be honest, it's not a good feeling. It's nice not working at first, but in the end you just feel like you're throwing your life away. I actually got very depressed because of it. At least the experience made me appreciate work a whole lot more, so I never feel the need to complain about it. People always think they want to be able to just sit around the house and do nothing all day, but it's really not that great.
0	yeah rofl no kidding. im old enough now that my mind has a built-in bullshit filter and i skipped that paragraph after the 6th word. I actually went back and read it out of curiosity after your comment. my reaction: "oh good, my bullshit filter is still working!"
0	I have a degree in English Literature. The correct answer is ALWAYS to use the pronunciation that would make you sound like less of a douche. More often than not, this is the common pronunciation. Unless you're in a situation that necessitates absolutely correct pronunciation then you should follow your company's lead. If you're the one who says the word first, you may pronounce it however you wish. However, if somebody already set the standard you almost always will look like a huge fucking douchebag by correcting them.
1	very well put. the reason i mainly stay with tri-force is for the kiting and sustain that it gives him (Q proc sheen and slow from phage, auto, w, auto, q, auto etc). I usually don't mess around with PD because you alreay get the built in AS with tri-force, plus if you're hitting your Q's and initiate with ult, passive gives plenty of AS. I agree with you on the infinity edge though for sure, nothing makes an AD output quite like an IE.  I guess I just like to play him purely for his zone/kite abilities rather than using him as a straight up duelist. Seems like people who play him wanting super deeps go the PD/IE/LW route which serves their purpose well, though IMO, the sheen phage is to much utility to ignore on a great kite like ezreal. Cheers man!
1	I know there are many Riot employees who check Reddit and we should show them how much we appreciate their work. I'm not saying we aren't, I'm actually very satisfied with the comments on this topic about the servers being down. But it seems that The official forums are getting flooded by spoiled kids who always get what they want.
1	His passives are great, but the mana restore is very low so many Tarics just ignore the mechanic completely. Good use of that passive is part of what defines a great Taric. You should be getting as many extra auto attacks in as possible, and play with an aggressive laner who likes to push. Keeping bottom lane under the enemy's tower is a great way to deny early CS, and proper warding of the river/tribrush allows you to do this with very little risk to yourself. Any time the enemy is able to push off their tower you have the best burst support w/ DPS like Graves/Draven who have very high physical only burst that is multiplied heavily by your shatter.
1	My problem with building a new passive on Taric is that he's already quite strong.  He was originally designed as a fighter type instead of a support, and while the ult didn't carry over from that idea, the passive did.  It doesn't function in his primary role as a support, but any realistic change to his passive would be a buff, since it's really almost never relevant.  Sans hybrid/bruiser/jungler/non-support items, he doesn't attack fast enough to get regularly relevant cdr on his heal (yes, people get clutch heals sometimes, we're talking consistent help), and the mana he gets back from the hits are kinda pathetic.  The mana regen is even smaller than Kassadin's passive on his dinky little sword buff, and Taric's heal is pretty mana inefficient, considering the more popular healers like Soraka or support Kayle.  Most Taric players smack people for the damage and pretty much get mana only from towers or dragon, because pushing is not worth it and champions are better killed than leeched for mana.
1	I mean, the biggest issue is while his passive makes no sense on a support, he is still a competitive pick and seen as generally a good support in many situations. A useful passive could easily push taric into the OP territory. Its a bit of flawed game design to have a passive like that on a support. However anything else may make him too strong.
0	I've had the worse sort of issues with Pizza Hut. I ordered a pizza online, was happy, yay. After an hour goes by and no pizza has arrived, I call the store to see what's up. The girl on the phone looks up my order and then says, "Oh. We don't deliver to that area." I attempt to keep my cool as I ask her why their website would allow me to order my pizza as a delivery if that was the case, to which her response was, "I don't know." I then asked her when they were planning to call me to let me know my pizza wasn't coming. All she could offer me was a, "It's done now if you want to pick it up?" I angrily go to the location to pick up the pizza because I'm starving and don't care at this point. When the guy behind the counter hands me the pizza, he says, "That'll be $17." Apparently because the actual delivery order online couldn't be completed, they cancelled it, and thereby cancelled the payment on my debit card. Silly, angry me forgot my debit card at home on my computer desk because I was in such a hurry to gtfo and get my pizza. All I had in my wallet was a hundred dollar bill which they wouldn't accept. I had to run across the street to a gas station to make change for my cold pizza which I paid full price for. He didn't say thank you.
0	As a general manager for one of the large pizza companies please all of you hear this. Your pizza is late because we are getting destroyed at our store. If you call to complain about your pizza not being there on time just at the very least acknowledge that we are doing out absolute best to get things out of our store as quickly as possible for you we do not, at any point, intentionally delay your order. There are far too many people out there that think they are the only person ordering pizza on a Friday night no, you are not, I on average have 100+ deliveries go out every Friday night running 5-6 drivers. On average that is more than enough but, sometimes, we get a groupin of 10-15 orders literally at once that will slow us down to all living shit. Thank you my rant is now over this is just something that has been bothering me. Good day too all of you and please order from papa johns tonight tell them reddit sent you!
1	Besides the whole "snowball early, get fed hard, farm hard", and make the midgame as short as possible, other possible ways that you can prevent trist from falling behind is by having your team peel for Tristana if the enemy just rushes for her, or just avoiding engagements in the first place.  Personally, when I play with my AD carry and he plays Tristana, I try to pick a support that can either be aggressive early, or peel for him. Soraka isn't going to be able to do anything for tristana in a team fight, but alistar or janna can offer so much for the AD carry both in terms of aggression and peeling. Having champions that do better mid game, such as Cassiopeia, Nocturne, or Shen can also help cover your weaknesses.
1	support kayle works on lower elos. just Q E play agressive level 1 and zone them like hell. if they dont back off and try to farm under their turret they die to you/ad carry and you snowball. if they back off they lose farm and your carry snowballs. they dont know how to deal with that.   I did this numerous times and i had 2/3 games where I was so fed that my final build was shurelyas, black cleaver phantom dancer infinities edge berserkers greaves.
0	I don't care for Bleach but I leave it on for background noise. Full Metal, Ghost in the Shell, Cowboy Bebop, Casshern Sins, and Deadman Wonderland are all pretty fucking good though. I kinda miss Durarara!! but that's because I was too lazy to actually pay attention and finish it.
1	Whoops. Well here's what I'd recommend. Play less ARAM and more jungle. Since you seem to want to jungle, pick three champions that you like to jungle and starting jungling those champs in every normal game you can. Give it a week or two, then roll back around to ranked.
0	I think the idea is that dyed hair is more of a commitment than, say, breakfast. Granted, not a huge one, but you can't color your hair twice in one day without it being fried all to hell.  And it's safe to say that it's way more expensive and that it can be a bitch to go back to the original color.   And specifically adopting traits of other people your s/o is attracted to just seems like the mark of insecurity to me. Say your ex was a redhead; if your current gal dyed her hair to match, wouldn't that seem a little creepy?
1	I like Karma as much as anyone, but she really isn't anywhere near as good as you make her out to be.   Her sustain is pretty awful.  At level 1 it heals for about 65 hp, and you can only use it 2 times a minute until level 7.  At level 5 it does about 180 2 times every 50 seconds.   Compare to soraka who heals for about 70 at level 1 and can do it 3 times a minute, and at 5 its 350 3 times a minute.  Alistar at level 1 is 60 and its 5 times a minute and at level 5 it's 180 5 times a minute.   Soraka's heal might not be AoE but it's still much higher heals and it gives the huge armor boost which negates a ton of damage if used correctly.   So karma's sustain is far from great, the damage aspect of her Q is decent, but it's such short range that there is a good chance that if you're trying to poke with it than most of the time you're going not going to outdamage the incoming trade.  Than if you try to use your shield for more poke than lose your ability to sustain.   So the problem karma has in lane is she has the choice of being an aggresive poker with maxing her shield or a mediocre sustainer by maxing Q.  You can't really be both at the same time.   The only support role she plays well is aggressive poker, but still I'd put alistar and leona above her in terms of aggressive supports.  She also falls off really hard lategame if you build her as a support as without items her damage and heals are pretty negligible late, and she has no utily.   So I really disagree that she can just as powerful as the more common supports, the difference between karma mid and other mids is much smaller than karma support and other supports actually in my opinion.   Although with all that said play who you want, as long as you support your AD and don't just spam Q or E and steal all his farm it doesn't really matter.   Also orianna is great, people are just sceptical that people in solo Q can play her so they don't give people the benefit of the doubt.
1	This probbaly goes agaisnt what most people are saying but i havent had much succes with him since the buff. I played him 3 time(which is a sample too small to says if hes viable) and i had very little succes with him   I had a great ganks, decent clear time and insane buff control but it just wasnt enought. In the 3 games, I probbaly had something like 60% of their wraith and we went in their jungle and stole almost every single buff but i still lost 2 of them.   One game went on to long and it reached the point where i did nothing(other than a sweet Baron steal) I did no damage, they had to many ways to interupt my ult(even with banshes) and my bloodboil wasnt enought to warrant a double support.   The other game, 3 of us got caught by the tele+global combo they had and the game reverse-snowballed afer that attempt at golem   The problem is that nunu is still very high risk/low reward. You need succefully to invade to stay even with the other jungler and if you fail you can setyouserlf behind. counterjungling while behind is incredibly hard to do so you lose your main trick. Nunu is a very team reliant jungler because even if you steal every buff your mid can still lose. You cannot directly impact in the game and you can only hope you lane will do well when you give them the advantage. For that reason, i doupt he is viable in soloQ but i can see him behing a monster in competitive play   Champion like shyvana, udyr, mundo and skarner still clear way to fast and there are very little room to steal their stuff  because they glide throught the jungle dispensing death. The only thing you can actually counterjungle is their buff and after stealing the first set they jsut grouped at the buff and denied our attempt   Other champion like Nautilus, maokai, malphite, amumu generaly get most of their gold with the gp5 ad gank.  The counterjungling wont cripple them that badly and sthey still do very well with little items. Even if they only have shurelia, Hog, boots and aegis/frozen heart at the 50min mark they still have more engadge power and you cc than you do. They will win in teamfight because their ability set is better than yours   Against jungler that are farm depending(but not ultra fast)  nunu is a beast . With the help of you mid you can do insane stuff and completely denie thier jungler.  i was a against a nocturne the game i won and he couldnt do anything   I feel like Nunu is very close to viability but i needs a small boost to his consume(so it has a use lategame). Maybe a debuff that amplify damage of soemthing...
1	If you take a random sample of 100 players, games played will have a loose, but not absolute correlation with skill level. If you take a sample of 100 players at a specific elo with >40 ranked games, there will not really be a correlation between games played and actual skill level.   Games played (which wins is a proxy for) doesn't take into account experience with similar games or alternate accounts.   Thought experiment: You hit your true Elo, let's say 1500. You play 200 more games, but you win 100 and lose 100 against other people at the same rating. Why should the system regard you as stronger than you were before if you can't win more than 50% of the time against equally matched competition?
1	I know the people who hire the casters want non-stop talking.   But for what my opinion is worth, if you have nothing to say, don't talk. If you have something insiteful like "Oh wow, Morello's Evil Tome isn't a common item, let me explain why the player got this." but when it's crap like "Well Graves has built some attack damage, he's sure going to want to do some damage to people!"  Yeah. No shit.
1	We can only evaluate what evidence we have. At the moment, men are the better casters, just because there might eventually maybe be one female caster who isnt shitty, doesnt mean we can't say that the ones we have at the minute are.   I was not saying that these casters are shitty because they are women (apologies if I worded it wrong and implied this) I was saying that they are shitty, and as are all female casters in the industry.   Personally I would take a Moletrap / Hatperson duo cast over any cast with Jade or Kara on. At least Moletrap and Hatperson are energetic (or try to be)
1	Not this again... It is really a bad idea and you should know that if you saw other threads like this!   FOR ALL LAZY ONES!
1	I've done some digging, since there's not much else to do at work anyway, and found no real / actual percentages. But did find some posts where it is estimated that the difference can amount to +50 to +100 elo matchups in a team.   Riot's official statement is the following (from their [FAQ](   At its core, comparing the Elo rating of two players will give you a rough idea of who is more likely to win a match. In the case of Solo/Duo Queue, the ratings of each team member are aggregated. The greater the differential between the two ratings, the more strongly the odds favor the higher rated team of players. In the Ranked Team Queue, your rating will reflect your team’s performance as a single entity, and will not reflect your personal rating.   The rest of the info I found in several forum posts, [here]( [here]( and [here](
1	Jax is broken as fuck. He beats everyone in lane with the exception of Malphite (There might be some unknown counters that people dont use, enlighten me please.). And against malphite it's actually possible to do good aswell.   I would like to see a nerf on his ulti 3rd strike damage, it is simply too high :(
1	I have played a shitton of Jax, and he is by far my favorite characters in league, and one of the reasons I enjoy the game so much. With that said, I would like to discuss an alternative AP based Jax build involving stuff like lichbane, rylais, gunblade and dcap. I've played him that way a couple of times against AP heavy teames, and while it's not quite as viable in most situations; Holy shit is it ever fun. Turns him into a burst champ that can blow someones HP bar to null every three or four seconds when spells come off cd. Downsides are not getting as tanky as the AD/ Hybrid builds, but you can't have everything now can you?
1	While this isn't useless information, you've taken zero account of how stats scale, which dramatically affects their gold efficiency. Take Mana Manipulator for example, it might look awesomely gold efficient until you realise that every point of mana regen you buy past the point you don't run out of mana is entirely wasted, and most champions reach that point very easily just by leveling or other standard build paths, so the scaling of the stat falls off a cliff. And there are more complex examples, particularly with AD stats like AS and crit which interact so that their gold efficiency is dependent on how much you have of other stats, leading to a complex series of breakpoints for gold efficiency (relative to effect size) I've yet to see anyone bother to explore.
0	Actually, you can't say homosexuality has nothing to do with evolution. Just the mere fact that there's a fairly persistent genetic predisposition that exists suggests that it's most likely driven by evolution. Many scientists have suggested that the reason why it has persisted in not only humans, but many other species, is because of kin selection.
0	Oh, there's no doubt in my mind it's biological. I don't think it's genetic, but rather impacted by environments during prenatal development. See, males and females have different hormones released during development. Males require androgens that get converted into estradiol (yes, an estrogen) while females don't need hormones as a human's "default sex" is female. Well, there is something known as the fraternal birth order that showed the more male children a female has given birth to, the more likely the subsequent male will be homosexual. It's not really well understood why this is, but we know it happens. It's thought that maternal antibodies try to breakdown the testicular testosterone produced by the baby. The more male children she's had, the better her immune system is at getting rid of it.   Homosexual males also show morphological differences from heterosexual males. An area of the brain called the 3rd Interstitial Nucleus of the Anterior Hypothalamus (INAH-3) is similar sizes in hetero women and homosexual men, both of which is smaller than heterosexual males. This area is part of the Sexually Dimorphic Nucleus (different between sexes) and has been implicated in partner preference. Another area of the brain, the Suprachiasmic Nucleus (SCN), is twice as large in homosexual males than heterosexual males, which is larger than a female SCN. It is unclear how this area of the brain impacts behavior. Homosexual males also have higher levels of circulating androgens as an adult and larger penises (on average) than heterosexual males.
1	What's ridiculous is how many people are giving MLG/Riot the benefit of the doubt.   It makes absolutely no sense that any team would publicly talk about how they are going to split prizes---especially when in terms of motivation, both teams have incentive to win 1st place more than 2nd place.   Collusion and/or prize splitting agreements happen with teams who are still seeding or in the lower brackets, to increase their chances of gaining money. The EG + TSM collusion accusation in Dreamhack 2011 had way more evidence.  Such collusion or prize splitting doesn't happen between 1st and 2nd place teams.
1	Here is when you can justify promote... if you know your team is coordinated enough to exploit an advantage of forcing a one player on their team to another lane for about 15 seconds tops...   CLG can use this and they can be very good with it because if they force someone to clear another lane or lose a tower, it gives CLG about 30 seconds total (with travel time) to push 4v5, now in soloque with 5 people, usually thats still not even enough to just outright win, especially if you arn't coordinated.   Its not that you can't ever take promote. Its that in soloque, taking promote is saying "my team is good enough and coordinated enough to exploit a very brief period where we can force a 4v5." or... "Their team is dumb enough that I can promote a cannon minion and take a tower for a summoner spell."   I think in general, most people wouldn't say their teams are coordinated enough to do that in solo que.   In reality its not a bad summoner for competitive play. It is however an early game summoner, it allows for interesting early game strategies, but falls off super super hard late game compared to exhaust (which I think is fair to compare promote to on a support)   I do actually think that promote is a VERY good summoner in the low elo  - 1200 range. I find that in that range people tend to view lanes as "its your lane not mine." Until about 20 minutes. If you took like nunu + graves / corki / ez / sivir (or sona with any of those four as well) and with promote, you can take early and even get to inner tower, and with that you can also take such hard dragon control that through bot lane you can carry super super hard.
1	I think this speaks to a much larger issue that many players at my (low) elo have.  I don't really know, because I haven't been playing LoL very long, but I assume it goes up to about 2000 elo.  The problem I'm talking about is lack of thought.  This applies to banning/picking/building/overall team comps.  So often I'll see people do things a certain way just because that's what they saw the pros do.  Or I'll see people get mad at someone(usually me) for trying to do something that they have yet to see a pro do.  Yes, the people who get paid to play this game are probably the best at it.  Does that mean that their word is gospel?  Absolutely not.  Innovation can come from CLG, or it can come from elo hell.  The same thing applies to misuse of innovation.  I'm sure everyone here has at one time played with a Froggenivia when you had a tank top and tank jungle.  This kind of blind, following attitude is the cancer that is killing League.
1	oh yeah? sounds more like you're jealous of a measly $160   >there are hundreds of people trying to start up their own streams and channels   perhaps they should HUSTLE HARDER and try to stand out instead of having fuckboys white knight for them on the internet.
1	Oops. Never played it. My bad :3
1	perhaps they should STEAL OTHER PEOPLE'S CONTENT   FTFY
1	it's also funny when idiots like you miss the point and think it's all about the money
1	Playing Nocturne in a lane isn't all that hard. The key is to learn how to stop and last hit. Nocturne makes it so easy to last hit. I've done both mid and top several times.   I use spacebar for my stop, and I just stay behind the melee minions. If one of their caster minions is about to die, I Q it. If one if the melee minions is about to die, I last hit AA it, or any minion close to do the AOE damage. If you really have to, Q to avoid unit collision, then AA with Umbra. But don't push. On top, get Unspeakable first and fear the top laner when he tries to last hit. On mid, get Shroud to block the spells when able.   Stay conservative; realize how easy it is to push your lane. On top, you have nothing to fall back on if you push too hard. Mid is trickier, but if you push, you can steal their wraiths ( and your wraiths and wolves, if you have no jungler.) If you don't have a jungler, you still kind of fit that role, so enjoy the bounty of neutral minions, and love life. If you have a jungler, then stay back, wait for the signal, and initiate the gank with Q into E.   Item wise, it's really up to you. I love an assassin based build, but it's generally not feasible to work with team comp. So start with boots and 3 pots, build into HoG, then either Wriggles or Madred's Razors and Vamp Scepter (you'll build them into a Bloodrazor and BloodThirster,  Wit's End, Frozen Mallet, the BR and BT from above, and AotL. Build these in order depending on your enemy. EDIT: If they go armor, Prioitize a Black Cleaver in replace of BT, BR, or AotL, depending on your preference.   I go 9/21/0 and use Ignite/Flash and CV, but that's just me. I love seeing them run out of view, CVing them, then ulting for the kill. But that's just me. If you don't, ignite and your choice, everyone loves a flash.   One last thing; Although you don't like to jungle, pushing your lane hard at the beginning will set you up to roam, which IS what Nocturne does best. Wards are your friends, both to see ganks coming, and to pick out an out of place carry who begs to be taught a lesson.
1	Is it really necessary for escapes on EVERY hero? I mean even though the recent ap heroes that have been released all have one. Doesn't mean Heimer is completely unviable. Just means you need to put your patience and planning into your escape routes rather then running straight towards tower and dying saying its Heimers fault.
1	Heimerdinger's lack of escape can be countered by taking Ghost and Flash.   I play a lot of heimerdinger on dominion where he actually works. All he really needs is for his W to prioritize Champions and his turrets to scale on Heimers Health and I'll gladly take him into Summoners Rift.
1	Dominion is my preferred playstyle, and I only pull Heimer out when I'm frustrated and just need a win. He's so strong there that I get bored playing him with any frequency.   I've never found him to fall off. If anything I find him growing in relative strength as he gains AP.   If your team behaves themselves and stay top, you basically win the game single handedly. The enemy team has to either send 2 people bot or you will push to their turret and cap it. I've yet to see someone who could keep me off their bottom tower solo.   Here are some of my keys to making him work.   The first is to have the other four players on your team leave you alone, even if you lose your bot tower (this usually happens if they send 3 or more bot to gank). Defending on a tower with Heimer is incredible, and on the off chance that you lose it, taking the bottom tower on your side back is almost trivial, especially with promote. The only Dominion games I lose as Heimer are when someone else on my team thinks they have to come bottom and leave top undermanned. I'll swap to top if they persist after being told multiple times to stay top, but usually if someone is bad enough to ignore calls for team coordination they're usually far too bad to hold bot, even against a single opponent.   The second key is to not die. I know that's pretty standard advice for LoL, but it's generally less important in Dominion. Taking Heimer solo bottom is an exception.   If you only have one opponent bottom you want to be sure you're always pushing the lane. This is trivial to do. Make sure when you're laning against someone that you put your turret at the top of the lane in the gap, so you're controlling access to the heal buff between the towers. If they want to play hide and seek in the bottom bushes you can grenade them pretty much at will or look for an opportunity to place your second turret there. The problem comes when you're laning against more than one person or one of the champs that gives Heimer issues due to range etc. In that case you want to play more defensively, and if they've sent two champs you'll generally want to just sit on your own tower. You don't need to push if they send two down, since that makes it 3v4 top. If it's a single champ that just gives you trouble, unless they have HUGE sustainability you can operate basically from your own tower, using promote, grenades, and turrets to keep the lane pushing. Use rockets to harass and eventually they'll get low enough you can push and kill them or they'll have to go back to heal. If they leave lane due to death or to heal, Heimer can push the lane quickly enough that your minions should start capping their tower before they get back. Once you've pushed far enough, just leave. They'll have to take the time to clear the tower and the minions are often enough to take it neutral all by themselves. That's enough pressure to make the enemy team weak up top.   The biggest mistake I see Heimers make bottom is trying to hold the enemy's bot tower or getting cocky and trying to engage against more than one opponent. While you can frequently be successful in both of those scenarios it's far more likely that you'll get killed, and later in a Dominion game that will generally mean that your tower gets capped before you come back up. This pretty much means you're going to have at least one teammate head down there, and that will often cost you top.   I always take Promote and Ghost, and I use the summoner cooldown reduction masteries in the utility tree. With that combination I can usually wait on boots so that I have more pushing power in lane and having it makes a real difference having Promote up more often.   You have to get used to predictive grenade use and you have to be aware when your rockets will hit the enemy champ and when the minions will simply suck them up. You also want to be very careful about using your ult, and using up all of your turrets.   As a general rule unless I'm dominating my opponent I never push unless I am able to drop a turret. I also reserve my ult for when someone tries to gank. You simply don't need it to keep the lane moving.   If you drop both turrets and push before you have a new one ready to go, you're asking for trouble, and the slow on your ult, while relatively weak, will almost always give you enough space for ghost to do it's job and get you back to your tower.   Opponents tend to underestimate the stun on the grenade. If you have two towers up and someone tries to come in on you landing the grenade is basically a guaranteed kill.   Practice kiting opponents while keeping them in range of your turrets, and be aware of when your turrets are focused on minions. A quick rocket flurry to clear a wave and free your turrets up to target the opponent diving you can make all the difference.   It takes some practice to use Heimer, and taking him bot in Dominion is no different. If you stick with it though, you'll find yourself winning far more than you lose.   The strategy and positioning needed make it a lot of fun for me in short bursts, especially against other Heimers. If you have any questions I'd love to answer them. It would also be great if any other Heimer players had suggestions for me to up my game :)
1	I certainly wasn't trying to condescend. If you feel that my attitude was patronizing, I unconditionally apologize. In my view we're all peers here, and my elo testifies that I'm a total scrub. That's one of the reasons I play so much Dominion.   I took the time I did to write a wall of text because I'm passionate about Heimer. I could see you feel strongly about him as well, and I was more looking to compare notes with another experienced Heimer player.   Regarding ganks, my experience has been very different from yours :(   Just like you I generally push and take their bottom tower at the beginning. Depending on who they have sent bot I usually will retreat and give it up to them, then push it again. Wash, rinse, repeat.   My goal is to keep pressure on their bottom tower, not necessarily take it. I generally avoid engaging with the enemy player except to harass, and if I stay behind my turrets I can do more damage to their minions than they can do to mine. I usually end the game with 5 or 6 kills, and 4 or 5 deaths. Maybe a few assists. I play very safe, and don't push past the mid point unless I'm confident they don't have anyone in a position to come through the gap and wreck me.   It's not that I never get ganked, or never lose my tower. It happens. But I'm almost always able to beat them up enough that it's relatively trivial to push them off it when I come back up.   I always wait for a minion wave and as I mentioned I use my missiles to harass. The reason that I don't feel Heimer falls off is that the more AP I build, the better my harass gets and the harder it is for people to trade with me. I make sure to build penetration as needed, and the key is largely not to overextend. If the enemy even looks like they're going to bypass the minions to engage with me then I pull back, to the tower if needed. If they dive me, worst case is I die and they're at 10% health. Once I rez I simply wait for a minion wave from my mid tower and push them off it again. They'll have to either die or recall and Heimer clears waves so quickly that I'll have minions on their tower before they can get back.   It might be considered a stalemate, I guess, but in my experience I'm generally always pushing and denying them much farm. I find that my opponent bot is generally LESS farmed/fed than the rest of their team.   This all goes out the window when there's more than one person sent bot. In that case I'll usually just sit on the tower. If they send more than one bottom, unless your team is completely incompetent, you win. All you have to do is slow them down enough that the rest of your team can take and hold the windmill.   It sounds like you know all this, so I guess I can't explain why he works so well for me, but you have a different experience. Maybe it's the item build? I just don't know.   I start with the chalice for mana regen, and either boots if I feel like mobility is important or more usually a tome for additional pushing power. As I mentioned I go with magic pen reds, armor yellows, and ap blues and quints. For masteries I take utility for summoner cooldown reduction and put the rest in offense. My goal with items is to max CDR and then it's pretty much all AP. Depending on how the game is going I'll either grab a Kage's, rush a Deathcap, or finish out the chalice. The Chalice is the only "core" item, for the rest sometimes I go to a magic pen rod, sometimes I'll build a mask.   At the end of the day, I guess I've written so much because I want you to have as much fun with him as I'm having.   Let me reiterate that my the last thing I want is to imply that I'm somehow better. My posts are all about explaining to you, and maybe someone else who might want to play Heimer how I do it. Nothing more.   Just like I put at the end of my other post, I'd love to get some feedback. I love /r/leagueoflegends because of how much I learn here. The only reason that I've spent the time that I have responding is to try and give something back.   I apologize for any offense given, and hope to see you on the field of battle.
0	Hello very religious Christian here and all I want to say is, whatever. I accept all people wen if they say my religion is full of crap. In my mind I see that everyone is gods children and we should respect their views and beliefs. But it makes me sad when Christians go insane when someone says they're atheist, muslim, etc. Because it makes the rest of us look bad and we make enemies that way. I don't really care what anyone in r/atheism says because that's their beliefs and I have mine... Can't we all just except that?
0	Most companies are complete crap. I worked for 3 weeks at Northwestern Mutual over summer, which is considered #1 for life insurance (based on their credit rating, average payout on claim, dividends) and fucking hated it. They don't pay you ("you're not an employee, you're an agent of the company") so you really need to whore yourself pretty hard if you want to make any money. Everyone (at least that in my office) who was successful was a complete tool. Highly educated (most people in my office went to Stanford or somewhere else private) and hated anything relating to Barack Obama or economic redistribution. Very conservative, very douchy (sp?) crowd.
1	Except games still had to be remade at  TI2 . Morph had just got a mega kill and the game crashed, and they found that the server that made backups lost power.
1	I'm a huge fan of the little bits of lore that was put into the new TT map. I didn't really follow tJoJ because the amount of text really put me off to it (sorry!). But! I always love whenever there's a new champion and there's a little comic that gets released prior to the champion.   Basically, I would LOVE to see some type of comic series that help with the lore. Even if it's just a couple of panels that come out every so often.. (I'm particularly interested in the Shadow Isles lore and the story between Leona and Diana and what could potentially happen between them)
1	I would just like to say that I hate the altars, and I will give some reasons why so it can be constructively said.   1) In solo que, altars are an absolute nightmare. if teammates don't respond to pings, and timers, you are boned. 2) The timer is so short - every 90 seconds? I want to be killing champs, getting money, assaulting turrets, etc. Not capturing altars. Dominion is capture and hold. That is what it is for. 3) Twisted treeline is a lot more reliant on personal skill then Summoners rift. No wards, plus the limited altar vision, causes a lot more ganks and fights to happen. For someone playing an ad carry or mage without an easy escape, this is extremely frustrating because there is literally no counterplay.
1	Do you guys plan on expanding the universe of the shadow isles with other maps to play?   For instance, considering whats been said by the lore and the speculations that have been made in the forums... Do you guys plan on making an instance theme'd run?   Something along the lines of two teams attempting to reach a goal within the center, (i.e. one team is attempting to revive the king and the other team is attempting to prevent it by sealing). Where in which both teams will have to go through a series of mini bosses or other types of obstacles that would obstruct them from their goals?   I'm really interested in the lore of the shadow isles and I feel like the new TT cannot flesh out the story beyond what the map offers.  LoL is in this position where instances can be made due to the progressive leveling system of the champions. This gives it the ability to create a variety of different modes to play within without having to implement different mechanics.
1	It is actually. &#3232;_&#3232; When psychologists treat someone with a phobia, they use exposure therapy to help lessen the severity of it. People who suffer from severe arachnophobia often can't even look at a picture of a spider without experiencing extreme anxiety and fear. When they're being treated, the first step in exposure therapy is then trying to desensitize them by increasing their exposure to spiders (in this case). They start out slow, say by showing them a picture of a cartoon spider, and they increase from there. Next would be a picture of a real spider, etc. So, yes, fear of spiders on a screen is a legitimate fear for someone with a phobia.
1	Played together in a custom game with 2 friends of mine, me + 1 friend against the 2nd friend (who introduced us both.) This is the story.   While I was downloading and installing League I was looking at all the champions, read lores etc to see if any champion interested me (there was 40 champions out at the time) I decided to play either Teemo or Nunu, I finally decided to play Nunu when I entered champion select (back then all champions were free and there was no shop system or IP as the game just had been released officially)   I didn't change my summoner spells or anything so I had Revive + Heal and I didn't know about masteries either so I couldn't put my 1 point into the page.   Anyways, I am feeling pumped to play this game as my friends say it's pretty darn fun and I had been skyping with them for a few hours before they convinced me to actually play it so I was pretty darn excited to try it myself, pvp.net minimizes and the League of Legends logo pops up but nothing else, I ask my friends if this is intended and they tell me to be patient, I wait for 2 minutes and my friend finally realizes that you have to install Adobe Air manually to actually play the game. Great to know, thanks. So I hurry and try to get the right version of Adobe air and after a few tries I get it right, but it takes a long time for me to fix it properly.   25 Minutes later I get into the loading screen and I am pumped to play, get into the game and I see our base (it was on Twisted treeline) overflowing with blue minions, including a few bigger ones. I kind of know what my abilities already does as I read about it before so I level up my Consume and get to business, I take agro of one of the big blue guys and actually use my heal just to kill it (with the help of my minions) and I am thrilled so I yell out "I killled you!!" thinking it was my friend who was the big blue dude, turns out it was just a super creep and I had just used 20 seconds to kill it. I get a bit demoralized from this first experience and a few minutes later we lose the game.   Needless to say I am a bit disappointed of the first 5 minutes of playing the game but I say I'll give it 1 more try.   3 years later, over 7000 games and here I am. My second game was obviously much more thrilling than my first was but it's still a good memory. I am very happy to still be a part of this.
1	I remember my first game vividly. It was a custom game with two of my friends. I had absolutely no idea what I was doing and my friends really didn't explain anything about anything to me. Out of the free week champions that were available at the time I picked Veigar because I thought it was a good idea at the time. He looked all magical and stuff, why not?   So as the game is loading, I open up a wiki page on Veigar on my second monitor, so I can see details about him while I am in game. This is something I did a lot while I was learning the game. We get in game, I pick up my Doran's ring first and get a point in my Q. I go bottom lane because they told me too, and they go off somewhere else. I didn't know where, because you know, what is map awareness?   I'm sitting there for a bit and then here comes Soraka Bot down the lane. I'm thinking I can take her straight up 1v1 at level 1. I  click  on my Q and then  click  on Soraka Bot. PSHEUUW, TAKE THAT SORAKA! But now she starts throwing terror bananas at me, and there's some...like...star things...coming from the sky! I strike back with my own attacks, but suddenly these weird little creatures are throwing sparkles at me from nearby. Odds were not in my favor, and I quickly died to Soraka Bots unrelenting banana assault.   "Guys...I think I just died to that thing. What happened? Why did I lose that?"   AH HA HA HA LOL DUDE X, DID YOU SEE THAT? HE DIED TO SORAKA, FUCKING SORAKA MAN!   OH MY GOD HA HA HA MY FUCKING SIDES HOW CAN YOU DIE TO A HEALER? HA HA HA YOU DIED TO A HEALER!   "I don't understand, what is she-"   HA HA HA HA HA HA HA   (¬_¬)   So I'm back alive now and I get back to bottom lane, where the banana monster and the sparkle creatures live, and I decide to just auto attack minions because I have no idea what I should be doing at the moment. I'm pushing and pushing, but I have to recall sometimes because of damage from the banana monster and the sparkle creatures, and I didn't know what I was supposed to do about them.   I tried throwing my Event Horizon on the banana monster, but she stood perfectly in the center auto attacking minions, even though I had just thrown up a huge cage...thing! And the cage did nothing! It was at this point I realized that my attacks were useless against the powerful banana monster, and my best chance was to try to level up and pray that my friends were strong enough to defeat this demon, because I couldn't do a damn thing.   I have about one or two thousand gold now, but I haven't bought any items. I still got my Doran's ring and that was it. I recall and go back to lane when I get asked a question.   Why didn't you buy anything at the base?   "What do you mean?"   You have money right? You buy more stuff with it, obviously.   Well if I didn't do that, it must not be so obvious. "Are items really that important?"   Uh yeah, they are kinda a huge deal. Really important actually.  One of them chuckles in the background.   "Okay, well I'll go back then. What do I even get?"   After a discussion, I get boots and a Tear of the Goddess. Feeling more powerful (even though I don't actually have any more damage), I go back to bottom lane, but something is wrong. My tower is missing! It was just here a second ago...where did it go? Did the banana monster steal it? Because if she stole it, I was going to need more help than I thought before.   Wow, you lost the tower to Soraka? Oh my god you're so bad...   Yeah no kidding. But they said I lost it, so that demon probably didn't steal it. Had to be my fault. But if I lost it, maybe I can go find it again? I knew what I was going to do next.   One of my friends mentions that they just hit a level. I don't remember which, but I do remember that the level they just reached was higher than mine. I question this.   "How are you leveling up so fast? I'm not even close to your level."   Oh he's jungling. Has been the whole time.   "Jungling? What's that?"   It's a thing where instead of being in a lane like you are, you go into this jungle area here and kill the monsters in there.   "Oh ok...can I do that?"   LOL HA HA HA HEY DUDE X, HE SAYS HE WANTS TO JUNGLE VEIGAR! HA HA HA   OH AH HA HA HA HA! I HAVEN'T LAUGHED THAT HARD IN A LONG TIME!   "I don't get it why can't I-"   AH HA HA HA HA   ｏ( > <)o   To be fair, this was back before the new, easier jungle we have in season two. Still though, I didn't understand what the problem was. I decided it was probably best to just stay in my lane and find my tower again.   Then here comes this green dog thing from no where. It gets really big and kills the banana monster in no time. Wow! So powerful! What is that? Who was that?   Ha ha how were you having trouble against that?   "I don't know."   It's a healer! And you're Veigar!   "Yeah, but-"   But nothing!   At this point I pretty much realized that they were not going to explain anything, so I just asked them what things were, and then looked them up on the [Wiki.](   We did eventually win, and while I never found my tower and got neglected pretty much the whole game, the banana monster lost. That made it all worth it. We beat the banana monster! Yes! And almost two years and over 2k games later, I'm still playing.   And I still hate Soraka.
1	Once upon a time, in the summer of this year, I was 2223 Elo. Magically, after a long vacation, I dropped over 300 Elo in a single week. Then, Riot reset the highest ratings. Struggled to get my play back in shape, and finally got diamond last week.
1	I think duo-ing greatly increase your chance of winning. You get at least 2 solid players that can play decently.   I'm currently trying to get higher by playing duo as much as possible
1	I finished season 2 with a shitty rating (~700)   I am now approaching silver with around 1050 rating right now. I for one am looking forward to playing with them, because if they abuse me for my lack of a border, it just makes it even more fun to beat them and watch the whine. and if I get to gold this season, and I end up getting abused for not having a border, it will just motivate me to play better.   the way I see it. If you don't had a lower rating than them last season, but earned your place amongst them this season, then fair play. You earned your right to be up there playing with them, if they abuse you for it, then more fool them.
1	As a plat who is currently sitting in the middle of golds and occasionally silvers (and actually unrankeds too)...   If you live up to the ELO bracket that you are at, we won't complain.   Usually the first thing I call out a silver bracket player for is their attitude in game. The amount of complaining on average. When somebody suggests trundle support, instant complaining. Gold players might say that it's stupid, and plat players might say "no" or just not anything at all, but silver players will cry about it instantly.   The next thing is map awareness and throws and the like. At higher ELOs, we expect big macro game decisions to be obvious (and tbh, this is the most identifying factor of elo brackets last season), and when a game is thrown because your silver player keeps getting caught with his pants down late game or seen bot lane when baron's up or refuses to back/heal/buy before the other team rushes baron because he wants to farm jungle, it is actually the silver player's fault and this type of inconsistency in the games irks us to the greatest degree.   The same shit also applies to mechanics that should have been learned (a move is the main one here, but stuff like poorly timed (read impatient) AoE ults count too). If we lose a teamfight because your silver player who belongs in silver doesn't know how to teamfight....   To me, at least for the first few weeks, I will judge you by your badge first, then your s3 elo. Last season I climbed to plat twice, and the elo reset didn't magically make silver or gold players better.   so yea
1	Yes, but I'm kinda worried about getting banned because I get reported as someone who is 'refusing to communicate', which is probably what would happen after a while. And if I leave the chat the way it is, I have to somehow participate in it at one point in the game. So, either way, bans are a 100% sure thing to get, no matter what. huehuehe   No, seriously now, I have made very good experiences with at least trying to lead by good example and make the players come down from their tilt/rage and tell them to stop worrying and flaming and that we still have a chance (obviously doesn't work if we get stomped hard for 20 minutes straight). If it wouldn't be so darn tiring to keep up with those kids I'd do it in every game.   Oh, and making calls if you are doing well is good too and most people will listen to you if you are the best player in the team of any given match. Also complimenting by saying gj or wp to people who make a comeback after they've died a few times can work wonders too.
1	Well, I guess then Sundance should take a look @ tales of the lane (which had better production value, atleast in my opinion) and other bigger tourneys which probably run at a fraction of the costs MLG has.
1	It really depends.  Sometimes you should camp a lane, sometimes you should just stand in a lane and push with your laner, and other times you should be everywhere on the map.  It really depends on the lane match up and the jungler you picked.   I don't want to type too much but I'll give two examples to show how you need to adapt to your character and the game.     Say you are olaf jungle.  Your other lanes are getting destroyed.  Not so much that they instadie to the other laner, but so much that they cant leave tower.  Now sometimes it might be helpful to gank for them.  But in this particular situation the lanes were so far gone that me trying to help them was pointless.  What I did was went top lane with our nidalee who was doing alright and I basically laned with her.  We just kept shoving down top and they couldnt stop us without sending 3+ people.  We destroyed them in a 2v2 top/jungler vs top/jungler since our combo was so strong.  This forced their mid to leave and basically let ours kill tower and roam.  We caught up in gold and won the game even though the enemy bot lane was up 4-5 kills and tower diving ours.     The next example is a nunu game.  Basically your goal is to make their jungler non-existant.  If he ganks you counter gank.  If he does something you screw him over hard for it.  You make it so he cant move.  If somehow via the enemy team out playing your laners or you letting their jungler gank end up with you and your team being behind, you won't be able to pull the same cheeky push top and win strategy that olaf/nid used to win in the earlier game.  So in this situation how you tackle the game is totally different.  You need to look for opportunities to give your team an advantage.  Sneaking early dragons or stealing blue from the enemy are all things you can do to try and come back.  However the biggest thing you can do to change the game is buy lots of wards for everyone and counter gank their jungler.  This will take a lot of effort on your part to explain to your team.  But basically if you are still close enough in the game to win a 2v2 when they overextend for a kill then this will work and is your best bet to win in a situation like this.  Ward up and have your laner bait a gank.  Then show up to counter gank and generally you will get a double kill or a spree and sometimes a dragon out of it.       Each of these situations is totally different because of the champions that are being used in the jungle and in other lanes.  It's not something you can just say do x or do y, but in a detailed description of something/replay you can usually work out the correct answer to winning or to camping.
1	I think this comes down to matchup - helping out a 2/0 Jayce is not worth it if they have a 2/0 Vayne  But if it is a Jax? Then yea, go for it.  Also this comes down to lanes - top is very snowbally, so if you get them two kills they should nearly always win their lane; there isn't much reason to go back after that unless it is for a countergank  For mid you have to understand who you can gank and who you can't - it's rarely worth trying to gank a Morgana, for instance, but a Morde is a must gank in the early levels. It's rarely worth ganking for a Karthus, as he can just farm, but an Ahri may really need them kills early to 100-0 someone in a teamfight  Bot lane depends on the matchup, but it is always worth going down there a few times. Ultimately, the AD is the most important person on your team, and getting him ahead is always getting your team ahead. You should especially help out when your support has an easy set up for you - Zyra ult, Taric stun, Vayne condemn etc. Also remember that whenever you are bot you are near dragon, and any clean kill can be converted into 1k gold for your team, which benefits everyone
1	If you shut down anybody and stop their gold income they're useless. This is no different when it comes to Rengar. Yes he's strong, yes once you get a Trinity Force on him (just like Jax and Poppy) he gets Tanky. Get over it.
1	Scenario: you win your lane against Irelia. You have a few kills on her, taken her tower and about 60 minions more than her. Now you decide to take that advantage to your team - gank mid/bot and take a dragon, you might even push down some more towers for the gold advantage. Skip 10 minutes ahead : team fights. Now Irelia have gotten some farm while you were off helping your team, which means she has become the tank with high damage. You said she doesn't do a lot of  damage, but she really does. 75 truedamage + sustain is one of the best abilities in the game. Build tanky and melt the enemy away with next to none damage items.
1	Focus the one that is easier to attack for you and your support meaning when you are laning your focus should be     CS   Poke Enemy ADC   Poke Enemy Support     Now when you take these decisions it is up to you and your support should be ready to support you with these.   About the tanky support's its much better when you peel them off that means when their initate can't be covered up or its hardly being covered and you move back while hitting the support in the back, though you can also think about the enemy ADC if he goes full in you rather fight them or peel off.   Taking an example of an enemy lane of Leona & Corki, if Corki uses his Valkyrie to join the Leona's Burst its better when you Peel Off and Attack the Corki when he is going back, if Corki doesn't use Valkyrie you Peel off And Hit the Leona, of course these should happen if you peel off good and you are healthy enough to fight them back.   About exhaust a support should never use it on the other support unless the enemy support is running under his turret w/o flash and it is for securing a kill.   Me as an ADC can say this much but the time of exhaust is up to support though ADC Champs are based on burst or on their DPS damage, aka if a Corki dives in its better to exhaust him directly to not proc Leonas Passives for Full Damage in between his auto attacks.
1	When you play support, you're trying to be as aggressive as possible without getting out of position.  This means that you will likely be positioned slightly in front of your ADC, especially if you're ranged and they're not Blitz/Leona.  Note that this goes for both sides, so the supports will be closer to each other than to the ADCs, and so they will be focusing a lot of their harass on each other.  This does not mean that Lulu should burn her W on the enemy Sona, but it definitely does mean that Sona should burn her Q + Qchord on the enemy Janna, even if a lot of that damage is reduced by the shield (at early levels; later, she stops being able to 1shot the shield).  Yes, of course you would rather attack the enemy ADC, but the only way that you will be able to is if either you are running up with your support to allin (or to push them off, but remember that running up can easily result in an allin so make sure you're ready for that) or if the enemy support sucks.
1	In regards to Diana, although her clear times are top notch and her potential is amazing, her potential is being wasted in the jungle. She's much better at trading, scales better with good farm and items, and, overall, belongs in mid lane more than jungle. She doesn't fit the meta of a "tanky DPS bruiser" in the jungle that really defines the jungle role atm.   I use a custom rune page on her (Armor marks, Mana Regen seals, Flat AP Quints, Flat MR Glyphs) when I tried jungling her.   When comparing her to Lee Sin and Nocturne, the biggest issue I see with her is dueling. Nocturne and Lee Sin are both AMAZING duelists in the jungle, able to 1v1 almost any champion in the game succesfully; whereas, champions like Diana and Darius, who have amazing clear times and base damage, are not duelists and more traders who belong in lane.   Lee Sin, Skarner, and Maokai are all amazing picks. If I would recommend a jungler for S3 right now, it would be Nocturne. Farm till 6 and abuse new jungle farm after 11 minutes, then get free kills with your ultimate as you hit 6 before anyone else in the game.
1	Let's go through some basic assumptions then. Let's assume the following things.     Games are different with different champions and different abilities on either sides.     You can't control how much specific damage your team will do to the buff, vice-versa with the enemy buff, with 100% predictability.       Under those two assumptions, it's safe to say that by getting damage on early buff and wolves; it would create irregular data. Irregular data is pointless and unreliable.   So, the only way we can get standardized data which can be used to compare junglers would be to get it without any other factors. This way junglers' ability, albeit not entirely practical, will be compared with another junglers' ability on an equal level.   In regards to how the data can be interpreted effectively, it can be used to address how changes to jungle can effect clear times, or which junglers use the least amount of health to do camps, or which junglers deal the most damage, or which junglers can be the most reliable even when occasions where you don't get a leash arise.   Of course, you can make an argument that the data can't be used to address viability; however, there are often times that junglers may have to do buffs themselves without the team in the case of a jungle defence / scout / late invade (often done by pro teams). In these cases, knowing which junglers can successfully clear a jungle safely without dieing to camps is extremely helpful.   Moreover, the data can be used to compare how junglers fair against other junglers in terms of clear time. Assuming junglers get the SAME leash, then junglers should be able to clear JUST as fast or faster than without a leash. Clear times can just be subtracted from how much time was reduced from the leash on both sides. If the argument is made that one jungler gets a really strong pull and the other jungler gets a really weak pull, then that's an uncontrollable factor in the equation that's incalculable.   If you have good understanding of clear times, even with a leash you can use it to your advantage. Although you won't get an ABSOLUTE time (which is impossible due to initial assumptions), you'll be able to get an approximate time.
0	Here is a defense: this is a shit meme that is repeated every time r/atheism is brought up. "I'm an atheist but I'm not one if those atheists." When people post that what are they looking for? A pat on the back from Christians? A "good job, you are so tolerant for unsubscribing?" It's a way to have a superiority complex.   The other defense I have is: in my daily life I run across a lot of pro-Christian shit. From the Christmas music that is on repeat at work (the Jesus-y kind), to random "this is time for a prayer" situations, to random strangers telling me about their faith, to older relatives constantly sending me Jesus chain letters. In America, Christians have a lot of privilege. They get to flaunt their beliefs without most people second guessing it.   Now, I'm not an anti religious atheist. I'm not angry about the Christian shit I deal with. But when people start complaining that one subreddit on one website is "intolerant" or acting like "atheist assholes" you have to really look at the bigger context and ask yourself "is this really that big of a deal?" It's about a big of a deal as Grandma's chain letters.   Sorry for the rant... Uh
1	Enjoyed the TSM invitational immensly (enough to subscribe), due in no small part to the incredibly entertaining casting crew that kept it running so smoothly.  The ARAM's that filled the time between matches were often as entertaining and fun to watch (and listen to) as the matches themselves.  So I'm glad that you wrote a post here where I could conveniently express my thanks.   I understand that things are changing up a bit in S3, but I can only hope that there will be events where you and the rest of the invitational crew will be able to contribute to the game.   Without trying to feed the trolls, I don't understand why this thread is being downvoted at all.  If you didn't watch the invitational and don't know the casters, you can just leave this thread be, having a variety of announcers beyond Phreak, Deman, Joe "Joe Miller" Miller, Jatt, and Rivington should not be threatening.  These guys brought a style to the game that was unique and fun, whether or not you watch much of the NA scene.  I don't take a steaming pile on posts about Arenaea's recent casting or Fnatic roster change posts simply because I don't follow their scene and feel they don't deserve to clutter up my front page.
1	Ok are you guys actually serious in saying he talks too much?  People troll 10 times harder then this, and I think it's funny personally.  Ok yeah I get people who troll and suck, but this guy isn't a toxic player.  Since when was it smart or efficient to be anti-social in league?  Especially when /all chat is bumping with hilarious jokes.  The point of the game is to have fun, and if you lose focus because other people are typing in chat... bad player is bad.
1	False the first thing i did after seeing the login queue time was come to this site and look for other people having the same issue as well as try to gain knowledge on why the time was so long. Whole also learning that ranked queue is down after making it through the queue. ](
0	My first experiences of sleep paralysis  were  terrifying, but after I read up on the condition and understood it would eventually end, I started  looking forward  to the 30 seconds of helplessness. It had been years since I had an episode. 3/10 on the scary meter.   However, what  is  terrifying me these days are [hypnagogic hallucinations]( These sneaky buggers attack as you go to sleep.   Imagine drifting off to sleep, but your scumbag brain says "Nope, it's too quiet." Time for some ...     Loud demonic screaming and groaning - first few times 8/10 scary, but now only 3/10 scary.       Fingers touching all over your body - 11/10 on the scary meter, there is no getting used to this experience.  Every time it's my own private horror movie right inside my head.     Very cold - 2/10 on scary meter.       These only occur once every couple of months or so and thankfully, I can just wake up from these hallucinations.   However, just thinking about the invisible fingers touching/poking my back is now causing waves of terror to roll over my body raising all the hairs they encounter.
1	Ok, I might get downvoted for this, seeing as I posted earlier but it's so far down so it feels like it won't get noticed, apologies Aristite for using your comment to make it shown. But here it goes: First off, I have not played Jungle Shyvana s3 so I have nothing to add and/or complain about there, I will just have to take your word for it.   Secondly, I mildly disagree with you about the top lane weakness. After around 10 games (not a great number for empirical data, but bare with me please, I haven't played her since s2 until last week) against various champs, I have over 12 kills, less than 5 deaths and over 15 assists on a game average, haven't lost lane once. I do not intend to boast, just putting it out there for some data. Loads of times(not all) you can adapt to the lane by items, especially now with the new items, and don't hesitate to ask for an early gank if you feel that the enemy champion will counter you.   >W pushes the lane SUPER hard   3 things to take into account:     Wards wards wards. I cannot emphasize this enough, wards saves lives.   Whole point of W is just that, pushing. By putting pressure on their top laner, he must either sacrifice turret or ask for help (a lot like Singed's purpose). Once enemy toplaner get enough sustain, the lane will just become a  null state  which makes your worry fade.  *By pushing it up to their turret, you're free to either steal some jungle or gank mid by going through their jungle. By doing this enough times you're forcing them to either ward both tribush and river (if you're blue side), or they will be forced to act by going to golem (if you're purple side). That's not a lot I know, but every ward costs gold (unless jungler with Sightstone puts ward for the top laner). Just make sure you have escape options ready (such as Dragonform, 100 seconds ain't that long cd, especially when you can reduce it by fighting).     >No sustain, terrible ranged poke   Although this is true, hitting the E is a lot like Lee's Q, maybe not have smartcast toggled? (assuming you have it on) Anyway, she's a fighter, she's meant to be up their ass, fisting as much as possible with her Claw(too brute?). With her mixed set of damage she should be able to somewhat trade, if you can calculate when it is worth it or not, many people tend to ignore the fact that minions also hurt for quite much early stage. W can help with that as it also drops the minions around. But alas! You had a legit arguement for this as well!:   >and enemies can easily punish Shyvana by running away while W is on and then jumping on her as soon as it ends.   Simply put:  know your limits.  When it's around 2 seconds left of W, turn around from your "chase", you will be back behind your minions by this time so if they jump you, you should have some coverage by minions. If they run back everytime you run towards them and using W, they will lose gold from minions if you execute it well i.e. when they're going to your minions to get the cs, which either forces them to take a few blows or they fall back and lose the cs.   >Allow Shyvana's E to hit every unit in a straight line/a cone in  dragon form   Gonna assume you meant Human Form, as the dragon form already does it in a cone, which is the purpose of dragon form; to enhance the spell making it much more worth than being in human form.   Your third point about the impenetrable armor, I like it a lot.   How I start most of the times with her (toplane):  Masteries: 21/9/0 Runes: ArP reds, Armor yellows, mr/level blues, lifesteal quints. Items: x2 Rejuvenation beads, 1 pot, 1 ward (CANNOT afford to die early game with her, unless enemy laner does too). Items in general per game: Ravenous hydra(I actually rush this because it fits my playstyle to push then roam), boots varies depending on enemy team, Black Cleaver, Maw of malmortius/Wit's End, Trinity Force/Frozen mallet, Zephyr/Last Whisper/GA.  Note:  Yes, I do realize that I lack attack speed, I just value raw damage before quick hits, that way it doesn't matter if you can't catch up to people all the time in the chases, as long as you dish out more damage at once.   Item order:  x2 Rejuvenation beads -> Vamp scepter -> level 1 boots -> Ravenous Hydra/level 2 boots, depending on what you face top, sometimes you need that ninja tabi -> Boots lvl 2 or Hydra, depending what you built before -> hexdrinker if you lane vs magic, brutalizer if you're against another bruiser -> Hexdrinker/brutalizer -> Black Cleaver -> Phage -> Maw of Malmortius/sell Hexdrinker buy Wit's End -> Last Whisper/Zephyr/GA -> Trinity Force/Frozen Mallet.   Youmuu's Ghostblade can be bought instead of Black Cleaver, I just prefer the extra health but definitely Ghostblade is a valid item, seeing its activation provides attack speed and its passive gives +10 more ArP than BC. 20 less damage though, personal preference what to pick in my opinion.
1	While on paper what you say sounds okay, but Shyvana is such a niche champion that will get countered hard if she goes top lane. Champions like Jayce will shut her down by out trading/kiting her. Shyv's strong point is her high damage, AOE quick clears with burnout and the movement speed. You are able to bully most top laners in the early level but by the time they turn lvl 6, shyvana will began to fall off b.c. even though shyv has the ability to bully, she lacks the method to zone them or set up ganks.   also the part i want to really pick on is how u compared landing Shyvana's E with Lee Sin's Q. While the same can be said about any  skills that act as a linear missile, Lee Sin's Q i think has a bigger hit box due to the size of the orb and the animation adding 50units from its center (someone correct me if i'm wrong), making it much easier to hit. Even if u miss the enemy, u can use it as a gap closer if it hit a nearby enemy. And let's not forget the difference in damage out put.
1	People who get angry at their teammates for no identifiable, logical reason. I was playing recently as a top lane Zed against Vi and Kayle, eventually Vi left for bot and Darius left to follow them, of course, I lost my lane to Kayle because of her superior range and poke. I was going 3/0/3 at the time, not terrible, I reckoned, then our 0/8/1 Sejuani, who's been wandering into enemy territory all game and feeding, comments on how it's "2v1 top and lost your lane, patetic top" (written just like that too). Normally, I don't listen to flamers, but for some reason, this really annoyed me.
1	Not participating in team chat during champ select. Okay, so you're second pick and I'm #5. If you want top, just say so. Don't be a dick and insta lock whatever you want. Also be respectful to you possibly forcing someone in to a role they're really bad at. I mean we were all just chatting about roles for at least 30 seconds during bans.   I've had too many games where I asked for top, no response. Excellent, it's mine. Wait.. This guy just locked Darius. Jungle? But #4 asked for jungle. So... what's happening? We ask what role.   Pick#2> top   Me> But I called top   Pick#2> First pick, you can adc   Well, thanks you your inability to chat during all this, I'm now forced in to my possibly second to worst role, only behind AP mids. I can almost promise you we'll lose botunless our support is Xpecial caliber.
1	Being a top lane main and seeing other people on my team trying to top with ghost plus exhaust which ONLY/or never works with SPECIFIC champions (nobody used exhaust top because escaping from ganks with flash so you don't feed is more important and ignite is a must because even if your champ sucks in lane vs their's, you at least have a chance to kill them if they go full retard) and my ad carry bitch at me for teaching someone to play better. My top was obviously feeding for real while the enemy top was being the ultimate raid boss due to lane dominance in summoners.
1	I had a game where I was Ashe and playing a defensive lane because the enemy miss fortune killed me for first blood. Anyway I want to back, so I push the lane and go to bush to recall. I type in "shopping brb". After I get to the base the jungler comes into the bot river bush. He said nothing about coming bot, so I figure he just wants to wait till I get back. Nope he just jumps in after the enemy comes back to the lane. I fire my enchanted arrow towards the ruckus, because I'm way to far away to do anything else and I wanted to help. Our taric goes in and stuns the enemy soraka while the retreating miss fortune is being chased down by our jungler. The arrow comes and hits soraka (fuck yeah noscope) but taric doesn't have the damage to finish her. Our jungler takes 2 tower hits before coming back to try to secure soraka's kill, but the enemy shaco comes bot and helps soraka escape after soraka ults. Miss fortune comes back and taric and our yi get caught in her ultimate. By this time I'm back in the lane, but theres not much I can do. I shoot a volley of frost arrows towards them while my team runs away, but Miss fortune picks up a kill on our jungler. Yi rages and says that I wasn't there for the gank. Swears that I fed miss fortune because she got first blood, and he swears at me for not being in the fight, and tells everyone on the team that he will never gank bot again.
1	1) My biggest pet peeve HAS to be when someone does terrible (enemy or ally) and they blame their team. examples: "Maybe if [jungler] ganked more, id do better"  "Gg bot fed thats why i went 0/10" "Support didnt shield me wtf"   I mean, take responsibility for yourself. It's no ones job to baby sit you, don't play game if you can't lane without being babysat. I pretty much only go mid lane, and I usually do really well without junglers help, so when enemy mid laner blames their jungler for why they did bad themselves, it pisses me off.   2) I also hate assholes on that game in general. Work with your team, dont insult them and throw the game because they gave a few kills.   and 3) when you CALL A ROLE IN TEAM SELECT AND SOMEONE INSTALOCKS IT ANYWAY AND SAYS "TOO BAD"
1	Scarra played like shit in a game with TheRainMan and scapegoated TRMs nonstandard build.
1	They implemented it a while ago but the forum was basicly flooded with threads to bring it back. So I'm afraid it won't happen.
1	so telling the truth is "witch hunting"?  and stating your very own opinion is "pitchforking"?   i don't think so.  imho this subreddit should follow the rules of democracy.  two very important characteristics of modern democracies are "freedom of speech" and "freedom of opinion".   by removing a legit post like destiny's (which just states facts), you clearly violate the rules of democracy. you violate such important rights like "freedom of speech" and "freedom of opinion".  it seems like this subreddit's mods do like to create their own "reality". by removing posts like destiny's you are clearly trying to control and manipulate the collective opinion of this subreddit's community.  this is a very dangerous thing you do here - and i can't believe you also try to justify what you did.   it seems like this subreddit's mods rather like to lead it like an aristocracy than like a democracy - with the mods themselves being the aristocrats who decide which opinion is legit for the community.  and if they decide that someone's opinion or post about a real experience is not legit, they are just gonna remove it.   "who controls the past, controls the future. who controls the present, controls the past......"
1	Here's an idea. How about we stop having a subreddit controlled by the mods, but by users. The users are the ones that post the content that is relevant to the subreddit. This is totally relevant to League of Legends. League of Legends is the most popular streamed game EVER.   Now that there are only 2 platforms upon which a new player can stream on, Destiny's article provides a very real world example. Not only the users streaming themselves but supporting their favourite streamers, how do they know that the subscription money they're giving is actually going to the streamer?
1	Can't we just get rid of these mods and get some new one's in make a rule that we are allowed to talk about stuff and never look back?!
1	Gonna have to very much agree with Destiny on this one. He didn't ask for anyone to do anything towards Own3d.tv in his thread. All he did was post a cited page detailing how he wasn't paid for the work he did while in service of the streaming provider.   The fact that "Witch hunting" and "pitchforks" appeared in the thread is a result of other people, not Destiny himself. The correct response for the mods would be to actively watch the post, and delete anything that would be taken as "Witch hunting" (If you really want to delete anything at all).   I understand the desire to keep people from being doxxd, but this is a case where Destiny wasn't paid for months of work by a well-known streaming service, and he wanted all of /r/League to know about it. I imagine his motives were as simple as "Look at how awful these guys are screwing us!"   The people at own3d.tv are going to be harassed, one way or another. Probably more-so with the removal of Destiny's post, because now everyone who has been riled up has a reason to think that the Moderator's are defending own3d. If the fire gets bigger than it was before, it's on your heads.   In conclusion, i sincerely believe the mods made the wrong choice here. Not only does the /r/League community now have a "witch hunt" for own3d.tv, a few bad apples now have one for the Moderators of this subreddit. It wasn't a tactful move to broad-stroke the delete brush on the entire thread, because now its another problem completely.
1	This is not setting a precedent to perform a witch hunt. This was a post to warn people about own3d. Both future streamers and viewers. Future streamers would like to be payed as well. And their lives, like Destiny's, depend on it. If a company is knowingly destroying people's lives, by not paying money that they own them, they deserve to get a public warning against them. Even more so, as a viewer I'll pay money and subscribe to a person's stream to support the streamer. I don't do that because I support own3d.   This means it's not solely in Destiny's interest to warn people about own3d. It's the entire community's interest. This means it's not a witch hunt. Destiny also provided sufficient data and evidence to back up his claims (skype logs, contract quotes etc). Can this evidence be falsified? Yes. But if so, it would only take 1 post from ow3d with their logs to undermine it. Own3d can provide a statement as well, just as much as Destiny can.   It doesn't matter whether this sets a precedent if it's something that's in the best interest of the community to know. It would be a witch hunt if Destiny posted this to pursue his own goals and his goal was to pressure them into doing something. It's not. It's about warning future streamers and viewers to be very careful with own3d. Destiny is trying to look out for the community, not for himself. therefor this should be widely known. Reddit is one of the ways to warn a giant portion of this community. It's not like Destiny is the first one warning about own3d. This stuff has been going on for quite a while now. It's been out there before, yet still nothing has changed.   This means it's fine if this sets a precedent. Because it's our interest at stake here. It's not like own3d can't defend themselves. They can. and the fact that they don't, says a lot.
1	Let's start a witch hunt against triggs390 he's obviously being paid off by own3d.tv   The destiny thing is obviously not a witch hunt also with other streamers like dyrus, husky, and other prolific streamers confirming that this happens. It's a call to action to help stop this since the streamers themselves can't do anything since they don't have the money to take them to court. We need justice.
1	This subreddit has the worst moderation a subreddit can really have. Its not a new trend that the subreddit mods are completely isolated from the community. Occasionally it will get attention with the destiny post and when clakeydeeeeeeeeeee's AMA + stream promotion thread was removed with 1.2k upvotes...   But it just gets really frusturating that the moderators see this as THEIR community. Thats really the problem. Good moderators see their subreddit or community as someone elses community, and their job isn't to make the community what they want, but to allow the community to make itself (IE: with reddit we have the upvote and downvote buttons which determines generally speaking the content we like and don't like).   Occasionally if something gets out of hand and someone makes a thread about it, then maybe they can rule on that. Like back several months ago there was a comic contest that resulted in like 10/25 posts on the frontpage being comic contest fan art and stuff. But whether or not thats allowed, there were also complaint threads about it, which informed the moderators that maybe they should make some sort of rule or decision regarding that. But on these matters they start to make unilateral decisions based on solely their own opinions, and actually against the community will at the time.   If ClakeyDeeeeee makes an ama then his friend asks people to upvote it on his stream. You should probably not delete the ama unless someone posts a thread that gets attention calling him out for upvoting it. Thats how a reddit community can shape itself. Not by an oligarchy of mods who decide what is and isn't ok, but by community members who can join together and make mods aware of issues.   In this case the moderators decided that this was a "witch hunt" and based on the community reaction with this thread and the other thread re: "can I make a post saying "destiny" without it being removed?" thread. The moderators are DEAD wrong about what the community considers to be witch hunting. Whether they still believe that they are correct in saying its a witch hunt or not, the community disagrees. Whether or not they care now... thats the issue.   In my opinion they should care what we think. But they don't.   I know the community has gotten huge and hard to handle, but I honestly believe that the worst aspects of this community is the over-moderation.   I started to not really like this subreddit when it really did start turning into General Discussion. Its decisions like this that the moderators make that are ultimatly doing that.
1	Hey guys, there's this company that says they sell cereal. Well I've bought 10 boxes over the course of 6 months and they never had any cereal in them, just full of roaches. Be careful, do NOT get scammed by these people!"   You: "Lol fuck u where not gonna try and take them down for you im from forechun heheheheh not your personal army and
