1	I feel awkward with her scaling. I try getting a Giant's Belt pretty early, so I can get some damage on her W, but it just feels like she doesn't ever get faster at clearing the jungle.   I can't help but compare her to Amumu, who has mirrors of most abilities. With a Rylai's on Amumu they play really similarly. (Also I hadn't thought about the Skarner comparison before, I believe I would prefer Skarner over her in terms of tanky initiators)   Amumu as least has AP ratios. Amumu at least has the option to throw a Rylai's or Abyssal Scepter into his build if he sees fit for various reasons. After doing so, landing his Q will actually hurt. When he pops his ultimate, it will do some damage.   Sejuani has no option of damage. Not even in a half-optimal form. In addition to naturally meh damage, they give her undesirable AP ratios (except perhaps her ult and even then, Amumu's scales better).
0	I think it's funny how you've been a redditor for 19 days and POSTS BABY TALK has been a redditor for 20 days. I have a hard time believing you created your account after a day of POSTS BABY TALK. You and your POSTS BABY TALK account are not funny at all.
1	I know how you feel dude, but here's the thing. If you're plat, then your team expects you to make larger plays than you were making. They think that "Oh hey, this guys platinum, I don't have to try he'll carry me." It's idiotic mentality. Don't let these fools get to you.
0	I work for a different cable company (Large, but not Comcast or Time Warner) as a Broadband Technician. There are hundreds of ways internet service can go out. Most times it happens when a cable somewhere is cut. Either from the street to your house if just your house is out, or a fiber line to your node in the case of a whole area outage. About 90% of my trouble calls for internet issues are fixed inside the customer's home. Cheap cable/connectors/splitters can wreak havoc on a stable internet connection as they usually are not properly shielded from noise and interference. Sometimes there are simply too many splitters or we're trying to use old RG 59 lines for internet. Also, in aerial areas, squirrels are little bastards and will chew on cables for like, no reason.   I'm not as familiar with area outages as I am not a system tech. The issues Ive seen are usually a problem with a node or a power supply.   Other times power supplying an amplifier can go out, in which case we have to get the power company to get the power there back on. Our system techs are on call in case of area outages, the can usually fix minor outages in under an hour, major outages can take longer.
0	Egad, do I hate Tool.  As a musician, I feel like I'm supposed to respect some of the technically clever parts, etc...  but Maynard is just... ughhh.   Also, once I saw a video of a fan go onstage, then maynard put his arm around the guy all buddy-buddy and sang with him for a moment before doing the weakest-ass judo throw I've ever seen and putting the guy in an ineffective choke hold.  Then his douchey fans were all, "What a badass, he choked that guy out and kept singing the song!"  Yeah? Well the guy he "choked out" kept singing the song and throwing up metal signs too!  Sorry. I also really hate his songwriting and voice.
1	Predicting stuff is something very hard. Just like predicting a WW II. Nowadays it's easy to say that it was too obvious to predict, but at that time, nobody would expect hitler going on rampage and trying to build an empire. Quit being an asshole, future is something very hard to predict.
0	You're free to believe whatever you'd like, but stop with this 'secular law' defines the world stuff, because the same secular law endorsed slavery not all that long ago, civil inequality. Today the same 'secular law' endorse social inequality through 'immigration law', lobbyist driven government, and turns a blind eye to abuse of American civil rights.  (Stop trying to put words in my mouth I said nothing about religious law, in fact I said the opposite, that many things are outside the scope of the 'law'.)   So back to the point since you've missed it coming up on 1/2 dozen times. There is 'secular law' which is part of the 'State' sphere, there is this religion, commonly referred to as the 'Church' sphere.   Civil rights, rights of the 'marriage certificate' fall in the 'State' sphere, which are governed and protected under the secular-civil law. 'Marriage' falls under the 'Church' sphere, and is a promised made to and before God. The value of marriage is NOT the piece of paper.
1	First of all, whoever downvoted me, please try and remember reddiquette. It's silly to downvote someone because they shared an experience they had in game.   Now, @karnoculars, you're already talking about level 6 and beyond. One of Udyr's greatest strengths is his lack of an ulti. From 1-5 Udyr has a rather sizable advantage (going W E W Q W, leveling W first, Q second, and E third) in that he can see when you are about to frenzy him, turtle up, and retaliate with a tiger DoT. Going cloth 5 pot gives you immense sustain while doing this, and you should be able to focus solely on farming with minimal interruptions for trading damage.   Again, this is anecdotal, as I've only played this lane once, but if you play Udyr pseudo-passively like this, focusing on farming, you can at worst be even with the Voli. In my case, I was actually zoning him just by farming and popping bear occasionally to scare him off. Getting Ninja Tabi and Wriggle's makes you tanky vs his damage, give you sustain, and some DPS. I don't see how a Voli would be able to trade with you in that situation. Combine that with Udyr's (OP) ability to escape (turtle bear turtle bear until you're safe) and you have an unbeatable laning opponent.   Udyr's biggest (arguably only) weakness is his necessity to be in melee range to do ANYTHING. Volibear doesn't have anything in his kit that allows ranged harass, so he can't really beat Udyr in lane.
0	The weapons were given to Iraq by the United States for use in the Iran-Iraq war, and Saddam used them on the Kurds who he believed would ally with the Iranians.
1	I think that the power of an inhibitor should be spread out from the super minion: adjust the balance by reducing health and damage on siege minions, and carrying it over to the caster/melee minions (for example, take away a chunk of the damage and health of a super minion, divide it by six, then spread that over each caster/melee minion).   Remove the current 'rule' that cannon minions start spawning every two waves, as a) it's confusing and unnecessary, b) pushing late game is easy enough, c) it's a strategic element rather than a guaranteed thing.   Then, work 'super siege' minions into the same 'every three wave' 1m30s clock, so that siege/super minions are a strategic element of pushing, rather than something that is guaranteed. They should be a power boost every 3rd wave that allows more aggressive turret tanking, pushes, etc. Have you ever heard, "wait stay -- we have a cannon minion at bot turret"?   The advantage of taking multiple turrets would be getting stacking health/damage bonuses on  all  minions -- not getting three (and even six!) guaranteed super minions spawning at once.   Where does that leave us? Inhibitors take a flat five minutes (300 seconds) to respawn, and siege minions (both super and regular) are on a 90 second timer. The third siege minion (9 waves / 270 seconds / 4m30s) will be the last siege/super wave, then the inhibitor will respawn for the 10th wave, meaning there is a guaranteed siege-free final wave before the inhibitor comes back up. As long as you clear the third super minion and 'nudge' the wave out, you won't have to worry about "shit get back to the base we're losing our inhibitor for free" unless there are egregious circumstances (enemy pre-pushed a wave, used BoC, etc).   Furthermore, this means that inhibitors taken out of sequence (ie, bot inhibitor falls at 32:15, top inhibitor falls at 32:50, so they will have super minions spawning at different times, that teams will need to keep an eye on / defend / push with, if they're attentive), further raising the  skill cap  of the push meta, without outright raising the 'power level'.     Example One -- without any inhibs down       Game Time   30:00   30:30   31:00   31:30   32:00   32:30   33:00   33:30   34:00   34:30   35:00   35:30           Siege?   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes       Super-siege?   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No       Super-minion?   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No       Inhib?                               Example Two -- inhib taken after the 'standard' cannon wave       Game Time   30:00   30:30   31:00   31:30   32:00   32:30   33:00   33:30   34:00   34:30   35:00   35:30           Siege?   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes       Super-siege?   No   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No       Super-minion?   No   No   No   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes   No       Inhib?         down                 up         As you can see, the standard 'siege' minions run on the same clock, but when an inhibitor goes down, this clock is interrupted: the first wave post-inhib loss will spawn super siege minions, and the last wave pre-inhib respawn will not (though they'll still spawn the super ranged/melee minions). This is independent of the 'standard' siege minion clock, and independent of the 'clock' of other inhibitors that may fall.   It sounds complex, but gameplay wise it's really not. I blame Reddit's shitty table formatting.
0	Hey friend... What does
1	she is a tanky bruiser. she can splitpush if needed (with hydra) or build to dive the enemy backline (botrk). depending on match up you can get away with rushing your offensive item if ahead but generally getting you sunfire (or situational visage) early is mostly foolproof. she sucks in the range department, ranged laners like elise or kennen/teemo should make her life hell in lane (elise kinda destroys her in lane). her strong points are lots of mixed damage (40%phys/60% magic iirc) that is hard to itemize against. I guess you can do q>e but e gives you that little bit of ranged aoe.
1	How many wins do you have and how many losses do you have? If you have 100 normal wins and 90 normal losses, you're going to be playing ~1300-1400 level players. Premades can and will screw matchmaking sometimes, but they keep things balanced "statistically." Meaning, if you have someone with 2k normal mmr queued with someone with 500 normal mmr, you will get anything in between that on your team and a close average on the other team.   <-- a screenshot of my postgame 473 wins 117 losses. I generally play against diamond/plat players in norms if I'm playing alone and have a huge queue time. It also is dependent on the queue type you pick, draft will generally have people tryharding more than blind.   Anyway,
1	They have to win all their games for a chance for 6th.   Not only that but pray that roccat, sk and cw don't win much too.   Gotta think that there's still SK x Roccat and Roccat x CW to be played.
1	She's actually not too bad now that she's settled into the house, I've seen VoD's of the 3 of them (KP Siv and Mommie) interacting together and that's really where you get to see their individual personalities come out. Till I saw that I still thought Mommie was a Siv clone but my mind has been changed.   Also you might want to re-read what Siv actually said, he's not actually complaining about making content that gets muted for copyright infringement, not sure where you got that misconception. I know for a fact that Siv Industries go out of their way to only use media that is completely open (Siv has mentioned it specifically on stream in the past), so I'd be very surprised if any of their VoD's ever get taken down/muted unless something slipped by accidentally.
1	I just did a quick google search and [this]( turned up. They don't exactly have a model that looks suitable for 5 players + riot employees, but lets try to extrapolate.   The biggest they have would give each player 3 feet of table space and ranges from $12k to $26 depending on the soundproofing level. Lets say they need ~5 feet per player. If we assume cost is a linear function of size (which its not exactly, but we're ballpark approximating) thats a 1.67x increase in booth size, putting our cost at $20k to $43k. We need one for each team so double the cost. We're looking at $40k to $86k, and given how loud the crowd is I'd be willing to bet we're looking at the upper half of that range at least. If I had to put down a number I'd say $70k. There's a lot of wiggle room in that estimate, but there you go.   Companies are about maximizing profit in both the short and long-terms. It's about optimizing ROI over different expenditure opportunities. You pick the way to spend your money that will get you the most money back (Even indirectly in terms of viewership numbers and advertising/word of mouth, not just short term sales). If you have wo choices of how to spend your money then as long as one has a higher ROI it doesn't make sense to spend any money on the lower ROI option.
0	The only drowning scare I've ever had (I am a very strong swimmer), I was in Mazatlan, Mexico and a rip tide carried me out. I knew to swim parallel to shore, so I did that. Problem was, I was swimming parallel to shore  against  the current, which was making it even harder. I knew it was important to swim parallel to shore, but in state of panic and exhaustion, I did not realize which way the tide was going.
0	By your logic any class on any topic is biased and shouldn't change your opinion or grant someone insight into any given field.   I am pretty sure that if I took a class on Epicurian philosophy I would come out with a changed opinion on the subject regardless of my teacher's leanings. Are you saying that only the opinions of people who haven't studied a subject are valid?   Because that's dumb.
1	I don't even smoke, but this was the best
1	It's deleted now, can someone
1	You have a very limited understanding of the League system. As I said, do not focus so hard on LP as it is a very vague representation of your standing. Demotes are determined sorely by your hidden mmr. You may lose 4-5 games while being at 0 LP if you are high enough while at the same time you can get demoted right after your first loss. Same thing applies to promotion series in division I. You can trigger your series by winning a game with 80 or less LP or get clamped at 99 forever. Riot already admitted they screwed League system and they intend to change it in the future.
0	Rush doesnt speak for whites or to whites, he speaks to CONSERVATIVES. rush speaks to a select sect of the populous, and guess what,  one of rush's regular fill-in hosts IS BLACK!  rush is the same as sharpton or j. jackson, but the difference is whites don't follow their words like they are scripture.  However, Al Sharpton makes himself the spokesperson for the entire black community with no protest from his "constituency."   what most of YOU people (liberals that is, haha tricked you there) dont get is that Rush is an entertainer. That's all he's ever been. He's a political satirist and humorist first, and a political "opinionator" last. You have to be a really right wing individual to even listen to him. Rush is analogous to Opera Winfrey. It's like if i were to tell you Opera is poisonous to the "black" community for speaking her political ideals and beliefs. She's just an entertainer with her own show, that she uses to advance HER agenda, no difference between that and what Rush does. Opera doesnt speak for blacks, she speaks to a group, mostly women. Rush speaks to a group, mostly conservatives.   Rush actually gives insight to political issues and exposes lies and hipocracy from the left. What he doesn't do is hijack the media to propagate known lies and agenda, unlike every single fucking black "leader" out there. As soon as they can latch onto a grieving family like the martins they go on a media tirade, spreading lies, hate, and furthering the gap between races. Rush never goes on MSNBC, CNN, NBC etc. Sharpton even has his own show and cant keep his disgusting face off the television.   >"If I have learned one thing from life, it is that race is the engine that drives the political Left. When all else fails, that segment of America goes to the default position of using race to achieve its objectives. In the courtrooms, on college campuses, and, most especially, in our politics, race is a central theme. Where it does not naturally rise to the surface, there are those who will manufacture and amplify it." -- Ward Connerly
1	Well with season 3 coming up, and players who actually have potential (2.2k+) players...offers really do come up like this that are legit. I do agree though, most players are young and naive. This could be my
1	I don't understand the train of people who think that the players are spoiled and have no manners. The esports scene is still relatively new to the spotlight. No huge teams of people to dress up the players to look great in a public setting, no foundation to work with. Yes, as a soccer player, I understand sportsmanship and the need for it, but even in physical sports there is quite often a lack. The players are young, so what? Maybe they're richer than the average kids their age, so what? They will learn, it isn't like there was a large amount of previous information to work with. They're different, and yes I agree that they are behind the curve as far as sportsmanship, but no, I don't think people should jump on a hate train just because they are jealous of a job (Which is more difficult than I'm sure they think) or even talk about expectations.
1	Can't see more than 2 asian teams making it to the finals. So I would say 2 out of the three from Najin, Frost, and IG. I would say that either IG or Frost won't make it our of group A, and that Najin will make it out of group B. For the western teams, I would say most likely we'll see CLG.eu, and then it's a real toss up between M5, TSM, CLG.NA, and dig. I don't have confidence that SK will make it out of group A, since they don't seem like they have a full comprehensive idea of asian teams as much as CLG does. I would love to see dig make it out of groups, but at the same time I don't know if they can beat out CLGEU and Najin.   For the finals specifically I would say it'll be one asian vs one western. It's a very good chance that the asian team that we will be seeing will be one of the two from group A, and I think that of the western teams out there CLGEU has the highest chance of making it to the finals.
1	While you do have some very good points, your approach seems overly complicated. Having a multitude of enchantments -- with each being upgradable -- appears to be unnecessary when we could just have like three different versions of Hunter's Machete. This becomes especially apparent when you think about the fact that Hunter's Machete is really only relevant before your first back, since then you can buy enough different items fitting your playstyle.   I mean, don't get me wrong here, I hate having to buy Hunter's Machete on Zac and I'm not trying to bash you or anything, but as you pointed out there are "five main different type of junglers. Tank, AP, Bruiser, Assassin and Carry."     Bruisers, Carries, and AD Assassins already work pretty well with the regular Machete.   AP Junglers need a Machete equivalent granting a mix of things like AP, CDR, or mana/5.   Tank Junglers need a Machete equivalent that grants tanky stats and helps their clear.     Which leaves us at three different items, one of which is Hunter's Machete. We would only need to introduce an additional two items to make all Junglers happy.
1	Don't know why this man is getting down voted. Must be the fan boys i guess.   On a serious note, the problem is chauster and hotshots (or the teams) passive play style. As soon as one of them get behind they are irrelevant the rest of the game. Look at the TSM game, hotshot didn't learn from his mistake and chauster had like 50 cs  and barely any assists. On top of that link had more health than him 20 minutes in.   Link and DL have shown that they can hold their own. I'm not hating on hotshot, he is a great player but farming until 40minutes isn't possible anymore. If they don't adapt hotshot needs to seriously consider benching himself.   In regards to Link, he is a fabulous player (maybe not jiji's yet). The problem is he is relatively new scene but that is also his strength because he puts off a more innovative vibe.
1	We don't need your 100% correct ping. If the client pinged google I'd be happy. The problem is when a player has 500+ ping through an entire game "because their roommate is downloading" or whatever. Generally player ping is steady, but spikes due to local causes.   If a player simply had an indicator Bad (> 200ms)/Warning (>150ms)/Moderate(>100ms)/Good(>50ms)/Perfect(<50ms)
1	The Idea is good but there are other reasons for supports buying tons of wards. Actually Wards are a very good way of carrying your game. The denying of vision and spreading vision on the map gives your team the constant ability of making plays while being surprisingly cheap. 150g for 2 wards will allow your team to survive a teamfight while 125g can make you win it.   If you compare, 1850Gold is the price for a Solari. A good shield for catching the basevalue of one skill ( less or more ) + basevalues on armor, 10% cdr etc. Armor, CDR, Life and a good supportive value. With your gold items, Wards, (Sightstone), this is a usual Way to go. If not, Aegis? Most likely your Jungler gets it. Otherwise you need to get it to get your Team a advantage. 20-25 Wards I would guess are T2 Boots, thats 36 Minutes of Vision if you place 2 on a place without Sightstone. Would you really trade 20-25 Wards for the ability to reveal 5 seconds every minute while getting something like 10-15 ms? or flash cdr? The problem would be most likely that CV is still too weak. Vision has to be cheap, otherwise the support would really be the only one getting it most likely.
1	It only seems to happen after a new patch. Each patch gets the item list sorted by price and that order gets locked for the patch. When a new patch comes along and another sort is introduced, it sees no difference between two objects at price 35g. You just need a second sort after the price sort on say alphabetical ascending.
0	Look at it this way; when kids these days watch an NBA game, they don't stop and think "man, I'm so damn short. I'm never going to get anywhere in life."   The same should be said when thinking of wood. When you want to be comfortable with your wood, don't go looking at professional league wood. You'll be disappointing yourself if you compare yourself to it.
1	First: I'm level 19, a decent player, but by no means a great one. Keep that in mind as you read my thoughts, as it is important to know what kind of person an opinion is coming from.   My knee-jerk reaction is worry, honestly. Firstly, I don't like where the changes are coming from, their motivation; The video was all 'more accessible' this, 'easier' that, 'dynamic choices' blah blah, 'push in and fight, ignore the jungler,' 'hurhur, minions don't hurt you anymore.' ;p   Making everything easier and more accessible, as well as less punishing for being caught out of position is  not  the way to go. This won't provide balance, this won't even the playing field or anything of the sort. Nerfing minion damage and red buff doesn't reward aggression, it rewards bad plays. Minions do a lot of damage for a reason, and that's to teach a new player not to overextend, the hard way. I'm not saying this patch will drastically change everything for the worse. I see a lot of people freaking out, but I think they're overreacting.   Point is, although there is a time and a place for simplifying or 'dumbing down' things, I don't think LoL needs it; I'd say it already has a great balance of accessibility and skill. It's got a ton of technical stuff, but is still simple to play at a medium level of skill. There's plenty of room for amazingly skilled plays, while still being a fairly straightforward game.   Also, as has been mentioned, the potion change will simply make certain champions with lifegain skills even more powerful, and thus make every other champion less viable. Furthermore, I  like  the laning dance, where you have to play it careful, not draw undo amounts of minion aggression, and trade pokes with the enemy laners. I'm not saying this will go away in this patch, or anything drastic like that, but it makes me somewhat sad that this skillful lane dueling isn't a good or interesting mechanic in Riot's eyes.   On a more selfish level, I was just teaching myself to jungle, and now they go and switch everything up? And right after adding the new masteries which  already  made jungling a lot easier. If I can pick up jungling, others can too...do we really need a complete jungle overhaul to make it 'accessible'?   Furthermore, and sorry for this getting long, but the reasoning behind the jungle changes baffle me. They're saying there are more choices now that jungle creeps respawn quicker: Should I gank, or farm? Well, that was always a choice for the jungler. Sometimes an opportunity arises where the perfect gank is available, so you go do that. I can sort of see the reasoning, since you'll have more creeps to go back to and farm after a gank, but the reasoning still seems a little suspect.   I don't know, really. I like some of the changes, but agree with the people who are worried, and am also quite worried since it seems Riot doesn't quite know what they want from the game. I'm not going to rush to judgment or say this patch will ruin everything. In fact, after everything dies down, I think we could see some interesting changes to the metagame.   Sorry for rambling, I've got a headache and am less than focused at the moment.
1	This is one of the better comments in this thread. When a muslim does something wrong, media jumps all over him with the headlines "Arab hijacks plane" or "Arab kills X amount of people", and they make sure to highlight the word  arab  or  muslim , while bringing their nationality and/or religion up as much as possible.   Then when a western person does an act of terrorism, lets say the Utøya shootings, they only mention that it happened in Norway, and only briefly mention the nationality of the person. The person is not  called "Norwegian terrorist", he is called "Anders Behring Breivik". Same with the school shootings in the USA, where they didnt call the shooter a terrorist, although what he did was indeed terrorism.   This obviously directs attention to where its due,  the actual terrorist, not the religion or the inhabitants of a country . Nobody calls Norwegians serial killers. Doing that is just sheer stupidity, but calling an arab "suicide bomber" or "terrorist" is obviously A-Okay.
0	When my daughter was about three, she started having a hissy fit in the supermarket.   I got right on the floor and threw an Oscar-worthy fake tantrum. After about half a minute of that, she got this horrified look on her face and shut right up. Never happened again.   About a dozen years later I said "Remember that time in the supermarket...?"   She said "I thought you had lost your mind."   "Worked, didn't it?"     Related: when she was about 14 or 15 I sat her down and said, "Listen, what I am about to tell you is important."   "Okay."   "Have you ever threatened anyone?"   "What do you mean?"   "Has someone ever done something, or failed to do something, that bothered you so much that you said, for instance, "Stop doing X or else I will do Z." Or "Do X or else..."   "Well, sure."   "Why?"   "They were doing something I didn't want them to do."   "Okay, but out of all the things you might do, why did you issue a threat?"   "To make them stop."   "So you threaten someone to change their behavior."   "Yes..."   "All right, here's the deal. If you find yourself forced to use a threat in order to change someone's behavior, it can only work if this person believes the threat is both guaranteed and serious. This means you have to think whenever you issue a threat. You must consider, what can I do that will more than eliminate whatever value the other person gets from bothering you. And you need to be able to do it right away, not at some hazy future time. And you have to be fully willing to do it. Only use a threat that meets all these conditions. Never make empty threats. All those do is hurt your credibility. Got it?"   "I think so."   Three months go by. My daughter says to me, "A few weeks ago, someone at school was giving me all kinds of shit, and I decided to test what you told me about threats. So I made a threat, and when they didn't take me seriously I went ahead and did it to the letter. Within days, I had a reputation all over the school as someone you didn't dare fuck with."   Epilogue: about eight years later my daughter had a tiff with a younger girl at a club and threatened to get her banned. Other girl laughed it off until her friends all freaked out and said she had to find my daughter and apologize. (Daughter let her off the hook). Oh, how we laughed.
1	I'm shocked that less than 1% of players are chatbanned   That's because they continually compare different demographics. The average player says almost nothing in a normal game, at a bronze / silver level where over 60% of the playerbase is.   The toxicity level in the demographic that primarily plays ranked is crazily higher. Then the higher elo you go, gold, plat etc the worse it gets.
0	I shouldn't of implied that you only wanted to look good for men, I meant you want to look good in the eyes of other people. Men and women.   Interview? You're trying to impress the interviewer.   To impress people; that's why make up was invented, that's why it's worn.   And I didn't say women need "A" man...but they do need men (yes we're obviously not talking about lesbians here, don't think it's necessary we clarify that but ok).   I definitely don't need "A" woman (yet anyway), but I DEFINITELY need women. And ANYTHING I do, to look better, boils down to being for women.   The most basic function of life is reproduction. Our minds play biological tricks on us all the time to try and get us to make more people. It let's us believe we're doing something for our own personal reasons, but in reality we're not calling the shots, our subconscious is. Life is so much more interesting once you just accept that.   Do some research on the topic if you think I'm full of shit.
0	I worked in a shelter for 2 weeks as a horizon broadening exercise my senior year of high school.   It is very common.   It is so easy to lose perspective from outside a shelter.   Many animals that arrive to the shelter are broken and damaged. And oftentimes the emotional damage is much worse than the physical. So many animals come into shelters every day, and so many are broken. It is a very depressing place to work.   I can guarantee that almost all shelter employees have to suffer through having to euthanize the animals they love on a daily basis. That's why they say to spay and neuter. There are too many animals, and not enough people to revitalize and nurture.
1	Travis also gifted him some kind of LoL hentai book for his last birthday and he wasn't exactly unhappy about that.   And if you look in Links room in the CLG house, you'll realize you got one hell of an anime freak as your best bud Double.   So
1	Dodge ONE fucking thresh hook and report for scripting? Really? I'm just trying to comprehend this. One hook silver-elo sidestep=scripting...  Someone who is scripting is  .  All i'm saying is that I don't know if kwon is scripting or not, but to fucking assume that he is because of one skill-dodge is absurd. Really.   I'm just trying to defend myself. Every time I kite with more than 1.5 attack speed on kalista or jinx, whoever, I get "report their  champion  botting/scripting". Same thing if I dodge, gues what, a thresh hook. "OMG REPORT JINX DODGED HOOK MUST BE SCRIPTING". The more I laugh at them for their ignorance/the more I get mad at them, the more they report. I haven't gotten any warnings, thankfully, but it just gets out of my nerves.
1	Sure so to review, the old TT was located near Zaun. It was the result of warped magic from both Zaun and the Rune Wars. This is certainly fine lore, there was nothing wrong with it.   There are three basic reasons we moved TT to the Shadow Isles.   Stronger Visual Inspiration: The Shadow Isles was a natural source of inspiration for Twisted Treeline. An undead forest surrounded by horrifying twisted trees works really nicely. We could have done a dark and twisted Zaun inspired map, but the undead of the Shadow Isles provided a more natural inspiration that enabled us to produce higher quality art.   Thematic Overlap: We have other lore plans around warped and twisted magic we want to explore. We feel that those themes can be explored both visually and through lore in a way that will producer stronger results than what we would have achieved had we applied those want themes to the TT remake.   Story Opportunity: We have only started to reveal the story we want to explore through the Shadow Isles. We have six champions who are from there. We didn't have big story plans for the forest outside Zaun and only one champion was from there. We can do more lore tie ins this way, like the special lines that specters say to characters. We may add in more lines to the specters as the story unfolds.
1	I will just leave this here   Fighter   ya|iu|no|zac|ax|af|tru|ok|ec|riv|mb|do|nu|e_|aa|vo|lp|try|ion|wu|zed|em|nid|ju|ud|ged|sha|pa|de|lo|fio|hen|eng|^al|yz|are|xi|vi$|yo|gp|yc|mm|yi|yv|rw|^i|rv|^el|gn|yl|ho|po|ul|go|nas|ke|sk|ene    Assassin   ya|no|ax|kas|ev|e_|kal|kat|zed|em|sha|zz|pa|lo|fio|eng|xi|vi$|yi|kh|^i|nc    Mage   sw|kas|ev|rm|ux|ie|xe|hei|dd|kat|ahr|oz|ria|gg|zz|de|sy|ag|lz|ez|yz|pe|ik|aw|dia|nd$|zy|^el|nc|san|hu|vei|zil|rga|ul|niv|ke|gal    Tank   iu|zac|af|tru|ok|ec|do|leo|aa|vo|lp|ion|ju|ud|ged|thr|amu|ag|hen|ic$|^al|rau|are|ut|mm|yv|rw|rv|jan|tz|ho|nas|gal|sk|ene    Support   nam|nu|leo|rm|ux|ie|sor|dd|nid|ria|thr|ic$|^al|rau|son|ut|zy|yl|jan|san|tz|zil|rga|ul    Marksmen   ta$|siv|tc|vay|
1	Well when you don't even catch half the things the player is doing and don't even evaluate his plays himself then you aren't gonna get anywhere in the first place. But it's all down to someone's opinion really.   For the general New/Bronze player it helps to know the basics. Which are normally not talked about on streams and are more focused on by gold/plat players because they know the basics.   But like I just said now and before I'm talkin about bronze players which make up a majority of the league community. Of course it may be different for others.   One last thing . People tend to pick up idiotic habits from streamers more so from anywhere else because they don't even try to understand whats going on. That's why you see AP tryndameres who don't even split push and try to team fight and etc.
1	If you get mad playing an online game, during your second online match ever,you should probably just not play online games. It's the internet. Get over the idea that everyone should be everyones friend. By waiting until level 30 to play PvP games, you handicapped your level 30 team who all know how to play the game, by only having a clue how to play against bots.   The reason people actually play PvP at low level is to A. learn how to play against humans who have some what of a clue. and B. You get matched against people in your relative skill zone, unless you get matched against smurfs, in which case, you probably lose.
1	we all have bad games, we all have trolls, we all have feeders, we all have ragers, even more so since the new season. the difference is.. we dont all make reddit posts about it.   if you cant carry yourself out of bronze then thats where you belong.   as frustrated as i get almost every game, it is honestly better to shut up and concentrate on your own play, the 5 seconds it takes you to type your line of flame is 5 seconds you are not farming, not harrasing, not giving pressure. just shut up and move on.   'i know there is xPeke and blah' lmao sit down.. spain is hardly a world apart   and about the age gate.. it seems to me, that if you are the one getting mad as fuck over 'kids' then you are the one that needs parental controls.
1	I've reported people that have had less than 20 deaths before. One recent example is someone that went 0/7 before 10 minutes, and in the chat refused to play better.(he was overextending without warding and knew he was being camp, he admitted to it, and just kept dying on their tower) I had another instance where a player got mad at something someone said and afk'd in lane giving 2 kills.
1	This is going to get downvoted and buried, but a basic little lesson on contracts, specifically regarding vague terms and "unconscionable" clauses in contracts.   First:  the lack of an appeals process means nothing. Really. The appeals process that remains is court action. The waiver clause (waiving TSMs ability to even bring a claim in contract in court), given the contract, seems to lack sufficiency to hold up in court on this issue. If it does, then I'm sorry to say that people  can  enter into bad contracts, and if they want out, they have to go through processes to do that. There's no inherent right for someone to receive an absolutely fair contract.   Second : Vagueness of the clause in question: Riot has a clause that seems vague dealing with LCS regulations and rulings. A vague clause in a contract is  not  illicit per se. Rather, vague clauses (with ambiguous terms) can allow for the introduction of Parole evidence to define the clause. Parole evidence means any evidence outside the contract (and I'm assuming the contract between the groups is a completely integrated agreement, with this vague term). What this means is the groups can present evidence to prove that the terms in question function in a specific way.   Third : Unconscionable clause: Reggie could try to claim that the LCS ruling clause is unconscionable. This will be very hard to prove. On the procedural front, Reggie (and TSM) have full freedom to enter into the contract if they so desire, and are paid by Riot. That side is fine. The issue turns on whether there is substantive unconscionability.   Simply put, the terms in the contract are unfavorable, in some instances, to the teams, but they are not unreasonably unfavorable. They do not "shock" anyone reading the contract. They do not limit the ability of contract holders to actually break the contract at any time. Now, the waiver of suit may be unconscionable (depending on the circumstances; given both sides are sophisticated actors, a court may have less tolerance to entertain Reggie's claim that this was unconscionable), but the ruling likely will not be. Again, Reggie had no obligation to take this deal, and he may leave it if he desires.   As such, despite wild accusations on this subreddit, that clause will likely not be deemed unconscionable. Same with the "no appeal" clause, as appeals are not expected in contracts between employer and employee, or other contracted entities. Instead, issues typically are brought as claims to a court or resolved via 3rd party arbitration.   Fourth : Claim to bring against Riot.   At most, Reggie can claim that he has had 2000$ withheld from him. However, to accomplish this, Reggie first has to overcome the waiver clause (which would take time, resources, and could easily fail). Waiver clauses are often deemed unconscionable ( see Supra ), but if this clause was not, Reggie would instantly fail (and lose whatever money he spent on a lawyer. Given the typical 350$ per hour fee, that could easily exceed the $2000 right there). Riot will contest other aspects of the sufficiency of the claim in this step, as well.   Reggie would have to claim that his denial of funds was unwarranted under the contract. Again, Riot will contest this claim.  They'd have to present evidence against each other. Given the massive amount of correspondence that Riot deals with, and the nature of discovery, this could cost a small fortune (hundreds of thousands of dollars) just to ascertain the info.   Then Reggie would have to prove that the information was sufficient to even bring the claim against riot, lest summary judgment be entered on behalf of Riot against him. If he cannot, and discovery reveals that key facts are not in dispute (they may not be, but who knows?), then Reggie will instantly lose. Again, losing all the money he's spent so far.   That's even before we get to full trial (if he goes that way).   If arbitration, there is still the initial processes to overcome (but the issue then won't go to trial). And arbitration might even be appealed.
0	You would be Superman if you could point to any songs by Bush that were good.   I dunno, it depends how old you are (I stress again that I do not know what Middle School is) and who bought you up and what you were exposed to. My point about "amazed" is when you live through something, when it leaves an impression on your brain, it is sometimes a shock to find that its time has passed.   I used to be shocked when I met kids who could not remember the Falklands War... because at the time,  for me, it was huge, all consuming and shocking. And then, whilst still thinking of myself as young, I started to meet people who were too young to remember, then people who were not born then, then people who were born well after. My last girlfriend was born 11 years after that conflict.   So... at first, when this process begins, you think "kids.... they are so ignorant and stupid... why would they not know about X" (X being Kurt Cobain, or 9/11, or the Falklands).   Then you realise... "... well actually... they were a bit young, but I would have thought they would have heard of it...".   Finally the mind goes ".... hold on, its not they are stupid, its that I have aged... why would they know or care about X? They were born 5 years after it happened and have their own culture and agenda..."   I am not saying its amazing kids can think.... or that it is amazing any kids have absorbed any culture. I am just saying when you consider there is no reason for someone to know everything that happened in the decade(s) before their birth, especially when there are plenty of current things happening,  then that can be amazement.
0	BULLSHIT BULLSHIT BULLSHIT I had a 4.2 GPA in highschool and got multiple apology letters from schools and scholarship providers saying that I would have gotten it if I were a minority. You're full of bullshit.  Colleges have ethnic percentages that they are federally mandated to meet or they will get no federal funding.  So as long as a minority individual does adequately in school, they will bump a great white student out of scholarship eligibility.
1	that is because like 30 people play them(lets be realistic) and this means winrates ARE VERY CHANGEABLE for those champ, old sej proir to he rework once had the highest winrates as well, did that make he viable or popular, no, she had 0 use compared to naut or maokai or j4 at the time, its about how useful a champ can be vs other top teir champs NOT THEIR WIN RATES only sometimes win rates mean good but shen was literally a top proirity pick in solo queue and competitive for 2 years and he had ~52% when he first got popular and then fell HELL HE FREAKING HAD A 44% winrate and was still pick banned in most games in competitive and was still freaking popular in solo queue
1	I bet after month or two, Czaru will find new team. He have biggest chances to get into LCS team, maybe Millenium cause Kerp can only play LB. What about rest? Kubon need team with good jungler, he need one early gank to dominate, Libik he is good Thresh, best Zyra so he can find some good team but not in LCS. Mokatte he should does pause from LoL, Makler if he will fit into meta, he can find good amature team.
