1	All are good choices, but there are a few things you should know before you invest.   Xerath has a devastating kit, where you can stun someone at long range and blow them to bits. The problem is after that initial barrage, you can't really do much in teamfights for a while (same with all burst mages, really). Xerath is getting a kit rework at some point in the near future. Xelnath has already posted a bunch of iterations of the new kit. It's not on PBE, and probably won't be for a while, but it is coming.   Fizz is pretty great in solo queue. He's really assassiny feeling, and if your reaction time is good enough, you can pull off some godly dodges by becoming untargetable with is E. Fizz has been constantly bugged for a while. A lot of players talk about how he fails to do damage after his Playful/Trickster sometimes. I don't know the details, as I don't play Fizz. It may in fact already be fixed. Just something to keep an eye out for.   Ahri is really fun. She's a super mobile champion with her ult, and there's something awesome about landing a Charm and proceeding to blow someone up as they casually walk towards you. Ahri used to have a bug where her Charm would reset jungle mobs, so you couldn't use it to finish off Blue Buff. I've heard it's been changed now. I haven't confirmed it myself, but it's a minor thing anyway.
0	Yeah, look at that clearly posted in your original post... It's written multiple times...   Oh right.
0	No; yourself for not having the self confidence to post it in r/Politics. All I am saying is, if I was in your position, I'd be embarrassed for hiding in another subreddit to voice your complaints rather than go to the subreddit you are complaining about.
1	I didn't say she is bad, she is just really high skill cap champion, and not too many people outside of high level players, play her.
0	In America as you approach a red light in the right most lane, the bike lane on the right hand side of the road turns into a right hand turn lane.  So if the person going straight in the right most lane at the red light  leaves enough room by staying to left side of the right most lane, they will leave enough room for other cars to go by them and allow them to turn right. Unfortunately most people going straight are terrible drivers and end up blocking the bike lane/right hand turn lane and force people to wait for the light to change so the car blocking them can go straight and they can turn right.   This turned out to be hard to explain.
0	I had this problem right after I had my fuel pump replaced. Apparently the little gasket slipped off where it was supposed to be (some time after trying to put the spout back in?-I'm not a car person, their jibble went over my head) and into my gas tank. I found this out the hard way when I went to pump gas and spewed it all over the parking lot as I was pumping. Then proceeded to leave little spills on all of the turns heading back home. Because the gasket was slipped the pressure wasn't reading correctly, and therefore was showing I had almost no gas. Also, it was right around the 8 gallon mark while pumping on an almost empty tank.
1	I think that if you truly don't belong in your Elo you should just solo queue ranked on your free time and eventually it'll even out. I used to be scared of playing Ranked for whatever reason when I was back in 900 elo, but then I just manned up and did ranked. Starting at 900 elo during my first 10 games (going 3-7 in my placement matches), now 60 games later I have a score of 48W-35L and close to 1300, and still climbing.   And for those wondering, I play every role, even support. When an AD carry during champion select looks auspicious, I offer to be their support (Janna 4-1, Soraka 3-1).   The best W/L I have (I think) is jungling, 10-4 on Nunu and 7-0 on Rammus.   AP burst casters are better at this Elo than a more niche like Nidalee. Although I 90% of the time dominate my lane with Nidalee, come mid-late game teams don't understand the concept of poking and just straight up initiate, which is where Nidalee is weak.   Also have good luck playing AD carries (just go mid with them, you'll never find a good support at low elo), Ashe: 7-3-8 6W-2L, Corki: 11-3-12 5W-2L
1	I know that people don't get humour if it's done by germans, [but ...](   Also do you really think I'm going to answer seriously to something like this:   >WAIT SO DON'T RUSH NLR ON SONA?   Anyway, back to Mejias:   Mejias is only viable if you literally stomp the lane and killing the enemy doesn't give you any money because the enemy laners are 0/20 or so. This is actually the moment where you should bring your advantage towards the other lanes, with your AD as they hopefully will be suprised by your fed ADC, instead of buying Mejias.   This was mostly a reference to the first support guide I ever read, which was a guide to Soraka with Mejias and Frozen Hearth on Mobafire when I was level 10 or so. He wrote that you should abuse your Ulti to get assists and the Forzen Hearth to be tanky so you don't die. Not sure if guides like this still exist on Mobafire, but at the time I tried it out it surprisingly worked pretty well. I'm pretty sure many people thought so in the beginning.   Also you forget that you as a support are supposed die for the team if needed, which makes the whole "keeping stacks up" even worse. But if we talk about dying. Lux, Janna, Zilean, Blitz and probably Leona have a good chance of keeping up the stacks if they play right, and don't "want to die". But on the later two you don't build Mejias...   You don't need to build Mejias early, only early enough to have it before the teamfights start, because as a support, that's the time where you get lots of assists, if you don't stomp your lane.   Also why would you go Rylai's on any support. Nearly everyone has some kind of slow or other form of cc or does AoE damage or just has no real need for the item. The slows only stack halved. If we are talking about building AP Items, the old DFG was better as it provided CDR which is more useful on Supports as it helps them using their utility more often. The Active wasn't bad as it gave the support some kind of extra dmg and it builded out of Kages, which is a GP5 Money and it's generally cheaper, if you don't have the problem that if will give you a CDR overkill.
0	There are legitimate companies that make you pay up front, and some jobs require it (most independent contractor positions, for example).  I paid $99 for my "starter kit" for Tupperware.  Earned that back + more on my first party plus I get to keep all of the samples that came with it, which if I ordered it myself would have been over $200.  The only things I need to pay for are order forms, books, etc. but the order forms aren't really mandatory and my regional directors send me some of the books for free.  Similarly I was interviewing to be a financial planner at one point.  Licensing was required and you had to pay for it yourself because it's an independent contractor deal.  Ended up turning it down because I wasn't ready for a career and $3000 when you're broke and out of college for insurance and similar licensing is a bit much.
0	It's amazing how a couple of generations ago, four kids would hardly make people lose their minds. Now, a third child will bring on the judgment. Or having kids at all.   That comment section is a good example about how everything that pops into your head doesn't need to come out.   Then again, I have two and most days it feels like too many and when I saw that post earlier, I thought "four kids? Eh, fuck that and their stupid Facebook post/pregnancy announcement bullshit" but I kept that to myself (unless this counts)
1	Here's an explanation from Riot: Greetings Summoner,   Thank you for contacting us! This issue, called "clamping," usually occurs around the last fifty points of Division 1.   When you enter a ranked game, you are matched with teammates and opponents based on your matchmaking rating (what used to be called Elo). It is expected that your matchmaking rating is about equal to other players in your League. If for some reason your matchmaking rating is below what is expected in your League, you will see League Point gains come much more slowly as you approach your Division 1 Series. If your matchmaking rating is especially low, it is possible to earn zero League Points for a victory as well as lose more League Points from a loss than is gained from a win.   Because League placement is now permanent, we have designed the system to ensure that a player’s matchmaking rating is high enough to make certain that you can consistently play at the level of the next tier. As long as you continue to win more than you lose, your League Point gain will even out and you’ll reach the Promotion Series.   I hope this has provided a little context on our intention with the new League system. We are currently examining the results of this system to explore potential improvements, so this may change in the future. If you have any more questions about the new League system, please don't hesitate to ask. You can also check out our League System FAQ here:   Regards, KramSyhr Riot Player Support Specialist
0	I was babysitting my younger cousins once, and the younger of the two(4 at the time) went to use the potty. He's totally potty-trained according to my aunt and uncle, but all of a sudden he calls out for me. Sure as ever, he has the door wide open and is waiting for me to wipe his ass for him. His older sister(9) told me that he can do it himself, but he has a weird habit of asking people to do it for him. Sure as ever, my aunt and uncle verified, and I had to make a kid mad by explaining to him I won't wipe his ass.
1	Your team shouldn't ignore your opinion and force you into something. They should have settled this down with Uzi before going into the match. Forcing him into something, while he is not accepting it, won't help.   Even if he played Lucian, he will suck anyway. Why? Cause you are forced into doing something you may hate.   Let's take an extreme example: "Your boss "ask" you to lick the toilet clean. You refuse, and he fires you?"   If Uzi is a Vayne player, and you take him to your team, then you should know this, and should communicate about what is good for the team, what is every1 wanting, and what Uzi wants. If it doesn't work, and Uzi/team refused to adapt, then changes are there to made.
1	Does anybody know if you get an honorable ribbon if you are matched with other honorable teammates?   I recently got the green ribbon, and I am really proud of it. More proud of that green ribbon than my silver border (and I had a bronze border all last season).   But, my point is it seems like I have gotten matched with other ribboned  people for teammates. It's not uncommon for me to have everybody on my team with a ribbon.   I bring this up because, I am a silver 5 player. And I have had really nice fun games ever since I got my ribbon. This guy says that "The people I have met in Silver V have been some of the nastiest, toxic, and uncooperative players I have encountered." But that is not my experience at all.   I can't remember the last time I had a troll in my game. I have teammates that get mad when they don't get mid, but they either dodge or play another role. I also get people that feed really badly unintentionally, and people that rage at them. But overall I can't realistically ask for a better soloq experience.
1	Today I wanted to test Corki and practice some last hitting since I watched a video with Ocelote playing Cas and using the "a" key to last hit which I found interesting. Anyways I ran intro this two dudes and decided to ignore them and practice without pushing any towers. You could imagine the in-game chat, personally I found it to be sad and hilarious at the same time because they were saying "Corki fail", "fker", "fagg" (yes with double g) etc and I was wondering what is going on and was laughing the whole game probably.
1	Armor runes scale well at all points in the game and health only really helps you out in the early game, Amor runes aren't bad enough in the early game to justify and extra 78hp.   Also remember that Armor is assisted by health items increasing your "effective health" so 9 extra armor will help you get more effective health if you end up buying a banshees, 78hp will not increase your effective health anymore than the 78hp it provides.
1	If you look at the Meta's of the NA Servers, and the Korean Servers you'll notice that they're drastically different.  I remember an old post saying that Korean Players don't really care if they get hooked by a Blitzcrank or a Thresh, simply because they want to be pulled/hooked; they understand that in certain situations, it's better to be pulled/hooked and so they don't have to engage on them, the enemy can engage for them.
1	Can you give any real examples of a champions in the forums being released in Dota? I played Dota for years and enjoyed reading the Hero suggestion forums, and I was always really disappointed that heroes never got implemented. I then got really excited by the Farie Dragon hero creation contest, only to be hugely let down when Puck was a mashup of the top suggestions, instead of an actual hero suggestion.   Another example was a hero who had "pinball corpses". He made all minion corpses bounce enemy champions and deal damage for a short time. He also had a spell that worked like the opposite of Dark Seer's vacuum, and repelled all units away from target unit. I remember that the hero had a lot of unique and fun concepts, but none of them were ever implemented.   Final example is the Hydra hero. About every 2 weeks a hero using the hydra model was suggested, and to this day a hydra hero does not exist in Dota.   I will concede that the community did influence balancing.
0	I'm late for the party but I want to rant anyways...   You don't have a 1080P HD Video Camera... sure, you don't have a Digital SLR...sure. But, WHO DOESN'T HAVE A CAMERA? I don't care if the image is shitty, that's way better than no image. Not only does this hurt the seller, but it's hurting the buyers. (A.K.A. Me and you)   When I'm on Craigslist I'll only look at postings with pictures. Sometimes I feel like I'm missing out, I could be getting a way better deal... but it's just not worth the risk of driving somewhere to only find out whatever I was buying is complete shit and should never have even been considered.
0	Fuck you, it's delicious.
0	For those curious, it went down like this. She went to visit him, said she was going out with friends and it would be a late night. Apparently she got out of bed with him at 4am and texted that she loves me. 8am I text back I love you too. She panicked and was trying to delete it quick, since they were having breakfast, told him I was a cousin or something. Eventually came kind of clean and I was awoken to both of them texting me from her number. Eventually me and the other guy started texting and comparing notes on things.   The whole thing was a bit more complicated, but that is the
0	It seems like people tend to hold beliefs and disbeliefs about anything (gods, democracy, the stock market) only because their desires are aligned with those beliefs. I figure the desire for friendly association is a good part of the reason why most of the people I know from my hometown are theists and those in my graduate program are atheists, although the interaction between association and belief goes both ways. I've never heard a really convincing reason for either theism or atheism that didn't speak to the person's own desires.
0	It has nothing to do with boobs and everything to do with people being overly PC pussies. It's not just the pictures, I've seen NSFW tag on DISCUSSION threads. If you need to be told when a topic may not be appropriate for work, you will probably do some dumb-fuck move to get yourself fired anyway.   The real problem is reddit catering to the politically correct, easily offended culture. I am so goddamn tired of hearing how offensive something is, or how offended a group of people are; get right the fuck over it and move on and keep your bullshit to yourself. Being offended doesn't entitle you to anything and you should be treated like a whiny child since you are acting like one.
1	This is a guess:   You keep your MMR. You play ONE placement game that has a decent effect on your MMR. After that game, you are placed in a division.   This is a fact:   EUW has a much larger population than EUNE. Since the rating system is based on percentiles among other things, the same MMR (or Elo in Season 2) on EUNE and EUW does not translate to the same division/league. For example, looking at season 2 Elo ratings, you find that 1450 Elo was the start of Gold League in EUNE while it was 1500 Elo on EUW.
1	If you want to stream, then just go for it. Your friends for one would love to watch you I'm sure. Whatever the community things differs from people to people. You don't necessarily need to be some kind of awesome player to be a streamer. However you are more likely to get a lot of viewers if you are pro.   Anyway to give you a small idea about how the process would go, you will start off really small with maybe 1 viewer at the time and this will be a friend most of the time. If you can become interesting in your own way your stream will grow as people will start to like you. For example Guardsman Bob, he has been among the top watched streamers from the time he was 1500 Elo. He was nothing special but people enjoyed watching him as he would be interesting.
1	Gorilla landed some key hooks (while also missing some key hooks and mistiming Zhonya's/GA/Chronoshift deactivations), but I think Zefa was the MVP for effectively muting Alliance from mid-game onward.   Zefa didn't exactly need protecting---he was often on the front-line even with his range (the preemptive shields helped, of course; they gave him more than 1K additional HP, allowing him to gradually take down turrets/inhibitors with impunity). Goes to show how confident his play was, and to be honest, given the precise interweaving between his positioning and AA , his attitude reflected his play.   I don't follow the OGN religiously, so I don't know where Zefa is ranked. Is he considered a top 3-4 ADC in Korea? He certainly impressed me today with his sieging and positional prowess. I would imagine it's something like:     Deft/Imp   Cpt Jack   Zefa
1	I play on OCE and sure i meet some dicks, but i never have any issues like a lot of the community seems to complain about, i've seen people rage/flame/insult etc. happens every once in a while (1 in maybe 20ish games more or less, depends really) Yet i play with people and if they die they just call the other person a Cu*t (it's Australia, gets thrown around a lot) or say no skill champ etc.   What i don't understand is what goes through the minds of these people when they keyboard bash other people, half or majority may not even act like this in real life, Is it really that hard for everyone to just shut up and enjoy a game? making a comment is fine, i do it when someone messes up but i reassure them that it's okay. E.G. "Why didn't you go in? we had that." "Wasn't watching" "Yeah, all cool dude, dw about it" or maybe give them a tip on what they could do next time.
1	You see, there's a small timing between the turret shot landing and it firing again. He got out of the turret before that timing was over, so it didn't shoot again. Not that hard to see, tbh.
0	Disappointed I had to read this far to find someone who understands this. My oldest can be a real shitshow a lot of the time. Super stubborn, strong-willed, extremely emotional, never responded to the methods I most often see working for other kids. And trust me, I've done a ton of research, counseling, you name it. We had to learn how to parent him, specifically. And when you know what works for him, he can be a really well-behaved kid, but it took us a good 2 years to figure out his needs, and at 3.5 we're still learning. And no he's not on the spectrum or anything.   My youngest? I wouldn't say he's an angel, BUT he actually RESPONDS to the same parenting techniques my first son ignored. We sometimes even forget to try those techniques because we're so used to managing my oldest. Then we try something simple like redirection or removal and BOOM he's fine. Still blows our minds a lot of the time.
0	Ptsd affects I think about 1/3 of experienced soldiers and can vary in severity and triggers. As someone who had Ptsd I would advise not asking about it, if they bring it up they obviously need to talk about it and you should listen, but otherwise I wouldn't. Even if you don't think they have been diagnosed you shouldn't because it goes undiagnosed in some individuals. Mine wasn't from war, but was the same condition. It is not pleasant. Luckily over time I have gotten better, some never do.
1	I feel for ya man. I was afraid of this after reading Riots plan. I dont plan on playing ranked with this system as it promotes stagnation in my opinion. Also how does the idea of a best of 2/3 and 3/5 fit in a team based game  where you're partnered with random people . I could see 2/3 and 3/5 in ranked 3s and 5s because it makes it feel like a challenge with your team to get higher. In solo queue though, it feels like a random mechanic that they thought would be cool on paper. The system really only works for those that can play a ton of ranked every day/week. Otherwise its very hard to maintain the win rate required to advance consistently.
0	My cousin, we'll call him Aaron, was a total dick when we were kids and got humped by our dog Buddy. Aaron was in the process of chasing my brother onto our lawn trying to pick a fight when he tripped and Buddy mounted him. Aaron kept saying "he thinks he's my backpack!" Buddy just went to town on him, we didn't let him live that down for a few years.
1	Her passive is pretty much useless, the only time its useful is if you play ashe support, where your support sits in the bush for like 20 seconds then crit harasses. Other than that, her ult is pretty useless at all stages in the game. By mid game it may garuntee the first attack in a teamfight is a crit, but even then you should already be running IE and maybe a zeal, so its not like you wouldn't crit already, also since you are still farming, it doesn't really give you that much more crit if you walk from lane to dragon to a teamfight.   Early game as AD, while last hitting its totally worthless... Late game, yeah pretty worthless again.
1	It's not directly insulting, nor am I being particularly 'negative'. It's the same as when some one gets incredibly peeved off with some thing -- you don't join in, you try and defuse the situation. It works in an inverse manner as well. You ever figured some one was over-appreciated?   Beiber? Reginald? Hitler? <-- Yes, it's not supposed to be amazingly on point.   ""No. These people have to watch REAL pro plays to understand why this one wasn't special""   I can see why what I say could come off like that; but no. In actuality, I dislike how revered pro players are simply because they are 'pro'. It doesn't mean they're amazing at the game, or have an understanding better than your own; it just means that they do it for a living, and that if any thing, they  should  be almost strictly better at the game than you.   But there are plenty of pro players with different attitudes during different situations -- can you say they're  all  the best attitudes you can have?  Surely not. .   It is a good indication that the player is pretty good with his/her mechanics and that they have good potential for, say, climbing their ranked ladder (unless they are fairly high up where situations like that happen much more rarely)... but it's nothing to be thrusting random objects with.   And the anger is clear -- although with you I'd say I was only responding in-kind (that said, I shouldn't resort to name-calling either in anger or retaliation, so I'm going to rescind it after this post), but besides you, it's simply that people are exaggerating/mis-directing what I'm saying to mean that I'm just being a prat, and not understanding that, quite simply, the amount of glorification that people are bringing towards the player is superfluous.   Initially, I wasn't being aggressive -- but people just think it's good etiquette to make a snarky comment, down-vote and leave like a pigeon strutting across a chess board. Any actual responses have just been much like yours -- that I'm a dick and I shouldn't try to bring other people down over some thing that is, yes,  absolutely  a good thing. I'm not trying to say "Oh this shouldn't be on Reddit" and the like. I think every body likes to see stuff like this occur every now and then.   Heck, I love watching [Protatomonster's videos.](   But  would I try and say any, many or most of these players should be in high-level play or are amazing? Besides one player who got onto the Solo-Play Series at least 3 times, it's very questionable and by no means should I assume that every thing is anticipated and planned for. I assume you play LoL; surely you've had moments where you and your team synergise perfectly without needing to communicate, and you get a clean-sweep teamfight or some thing ?   Does that mean you're a good player? You could be terrible. I'm not saying you are... but it's not like you can define yourself by one play, a pentakill or stealing an objective.   For example, I backdoored as Ziggs in a 55 minute long game that won us the game after my team had trusted me to leave our base and let them enter a 4v5 scenario. I won us the game -- I was a big part of it, at least. Lich Bane let me have the most damage potential against their open inhibitors and Nexus, and my team operated solely to defend our (vulnerable) Nexus in a disadvantaged position. It was a great play in the sense of good decision-making, but by no means was it like I should be in Diamond or I thought very well. (I say Diamond because I'm currently Plat)   Ramble ramble. I like the play and I  love  the champions that the 2v5 was done with. Hell no to the clip being bad, but I think the judgement that a lot of people here are making is bad, purely because it's not accurate.
1	I used to play Zac but currently, as is the nature of tank jungles, he gets to be kind of boring to use as a main, and not entirely as influential as other jungles (think rek or vi). That, though is not entirely the point. Have you read the jungle changes that have occurred in pbe and are likely in the next patch? Quick summary, they make tank jungles op as hell and give them TONS OF BONUS HEALTH. If this zac buff were to go into place, he would, after the new patch changes, quickly become just slightly, or largely perhaps, overpowered.
1	inb4 the darkins are battle hardened because their dimension is rough and the only way to live was to evolve to be the toughest of the tough.   Their master realizes that their mortal enemies the gorkos are coming back, they have claws of shadow death and they move faster than a rabid raccoon. the only way to beat the gorkos is to find a suitable warrior, garkablox a darkin ambassador, the only one to rely on magic to slay his foes is sent to find the ultimate warrior to save the home planet of the darkins, lorkosonifh. Anyway, aatrox considered himself the ultimate fucking fighter in the world. But knew he wouldn't be enough to slay the gorkos so he's like hmm.   He thinks to himself, I am the ultimate fighter I have slain a thousand barkaploxoers and tunnel snakes yet my strength is nothing compared to the legendary gorkos. HE thinks nobody in the universe can best him though so he decides to create his own guy to bring back to lorkosonifh tryndamere, based on the philosophies and culture of his planet and what he had learned to be strong as hell.   meanwhile the ambassador scours the earth to find the perfect warrior stumbling onto the league of legends where he joins and fucking wrecks shit with his aoe snare but eventually gets ownedd hard by jax and jax is like oh yeah. and then the ambassador is like whoa, this guy is clearly the best warrior in existance he brings of his hood and whoa it's the fucking darkin prince that was exiled for being too weak - new ultimate skin for jax, no fucking bulky robes just fucking spiky wings of death and a real fucking weapon not one made out of sponge like fucking aatrox has.   He says, the reason our planet is like going to die to the gorkos is because we fought the gorkos like savage animals, we killed each other to find the strongest instead of being a fucking unit, IE eugenics are bad, and their whole fucking philosophy is bad.   so jax AKA AAJAXOROSOAKX closes the fucking portal to the other world and says, this dimension has a chance let's not bring our politics into it, effectively trapping the 3 darkin in the league of legends to battle it out for eternity.   But AAJAXOROSOAKX doesn't know that fucking tryndamere is there and he has a whole legion with him, he's a barbarian fucKing King and a huge threat to the universe because he was raised on the disciplines that brought the darkin world down, and he's here to wreak havoc and expand his legion
1	I didn't float around I went on a 13 win streak in  gold 1 into plat promo  went 1-3, won again went 2-3, won again went 3-0. And i'm not sure what your post is about anyway I
1	If you're worried about having loads to learn, then don't. Learn it at your own pace, not when you think you should (IE straight away). I played whatever for the first 6 months of playing, didn't give a crap at all.   Now I learned a heck of a lot at the pace I wanted. I've been playing this game for 2 years now and even have the knowledge to be a (novice) colour caster for friendly tournaments my friends' uni hosts.
1	Monopolies derive their market power from barriers to entry – circumstances that prevent or greatly impede a potential competitor's ability to compete in a market...  Network externalities: The use of a product by a person can affect the value of that product to other people. This is the network effect. There is a direct relationship between the proportion of people using a product and the demand for that product. In other words the more people who are using a product the greater the probability of any individual starting to use the product. This effect accounts for fads, fashion trends,[12] social networks etc. It also can play a crucial role in the development or acquisition of market power. The most famous current example is the market dominance of the Microsoft office suite and operating system in personal computers." see wikipedia.
1	when I play Akali I run 20 AP from runs and start with a Doran's blade to activate both my passives. my next items are sheen and boots right away because the damage bonus from sheen is most effective very early game and tapers off until you can turn it into a lich bane with a sufficient amount of AP
1	I would love to play Riven mid against some matchups in ranked, but whenever i ask if somebody wants mid already and talk about a AD mid everyone goes like "Omg QQ you dont know meta, noob".
1	But I don't think this is a good tool ONLY for new people. I think average+ players could use this to practice? Why should we limit training tools to just new people. I would LOVE this. But beginner bots are too easy. And if we go with being able to turn it on and off, then why not just have it on all skill levels?
0	I was going to write an enlightening response to this that was going to take time but instead I'm going to jumo to the
0	The military outsources a lot of stuff in Afghanistan. Contractors do a great deal of IT and telecommunications work, logistical and transportation support, the construction-type stuff you mentioned, etc. Most of them aren't even Americans.
1	I have a general rule when playing Karthus, never ever ever try to 1v1 someone. Maybe if they happen to be really low and you are healthy but otherwise just don't do it, their adc, ap carry, top lane bruiser and jungle can all 1v1 you with ease, its even hard to trade even with your ult after you die.   Karthus can carry games, he is a late game God, but is still the easiest to kill if he isn't protected. Karthus is the teamfight king with all that AOE, with Seraph's Embrace and Zhonias you can make sure you live long enough to deal that teamfight damage. Your ult can hit for 1000 dmg with a full build.   Until teamfight time, I feel like the best way to play is to farm right beside your tower with Q, using E to make sure the wave doesn't push to your tower. Exhaust and flash along with the fact that you are always beside your tower will make it hard for them to dive you even 2v1.   Personally I think that since he is so weak early and so strong later the ideal setup is scaling ap runes with some spellvamp to sustain in lane and last longer in those teamfights.
0	Good on you brother! It makes me happy when people finally get out of abusive relationships, be it the guy or girl aggressor.   I was stuck in an abusive relationship a few years back. I was dating this girl (I was 24, she was 27) and we ended up moving in together after almost a year of living at her mother's house.   She was one of those crazies, that once you sleep with them the first time, they "unleash the beast" so to say.   We were in a studio apt for about 6months, where I was the only one working as she couldnt keep a job. Due to her either being fired for drinking on the way to work or just sucked at the job. I wasnt allowed to have female friends, I wasnt allowed to talk to my ex gfs, I wasnt allowed to talk to anyone online while playing video games, I was on lock down.. When she actually managed to get a job, I caught her numerous times "leaving early for work" to get extra hours only to find out she was going to the liquor store on the way to work to get a 350ml of vodka to drink on the way to her job.   I worked at Coke at the time and was making about $11/hr @ 50+ hours a week, she would complain that she had to drop me off at the plant at 6am and come pick me up at 4-5pm when I got done with my route (I drove a bay truck and stocked vending machines all damn day). She also demanded sex at least 2-3 times every day (which after damn near 12 hour shift of slinging cases of coke five days a week, was really hard on me.) Damn near every night I had to walk across the street to the corner store to buy her a pack of cigs and a stupid four Loko or two. I  thought  I was in love even though all the signs were there and my friends/family telling me it was a huge joke to be in that relationship.   I wanted to leave all the time, but I was stuck. I had no where to go, no one to run to. No car. She was my only way to get to work.   Near the end (the last 2-3months before I left) the neighbors called the cops on us at least 12 times in that span. Every night the cops were there, they'd make  ME  leave because she was always drunk, even though I was the one paying rent, but she owned the car, which I wasnt allowed you use when I was told to leave for the night. One night I was forced to leave at around 2am, so I walked for an hour and a half and took a nap in the breakroom at the Coke plant.   The last straw for me was the night she started swinging at me in a drunken rage. Soon after the cops were there. I had scratches and bruises on my face, neck, and legs. My shirt was torn off and in pieces on the floor. She went absolutely ape shit. The cops did a quick investigation, saw the cans of beer on her side of the bed, took her outside and arrested her for Domestic Family Violence. She spent the night in jail and was released the next morning on a $1800 bail through a bondsman. The apt management came the following morning to serve us eviction papers and told us they werent valid yet unless the cops were to show up one more time, that was it. I told the lady, "Its fine, Im leaving tomorrow anyways". That day I went down to the office took my name off the paperwork, had my parents come and help me load up my stuff (I had everything, TV, Bed, Chairs, Table, dishes. Everything was mine.) I left her that day in an empty apt, no money, no job. Just left her high and dry. Havent spoke to her since. Got a new phone and changed my number.   Now Im dating a wonderful single mother of 2. Her ex husband put her through pretty much the same shit, then walked out on them. Her kids love me, and always ask her when Im gonna come around to play. I couldnt be more happy now.
0	My work computer uses 4 monitors, and it turns into 30 second of flailing the mouse to find the little moving thing across my entire field of vision.
0	I'm studying to be a teacher. Consult the doctors, definitely, but  also  go to the school. Usually if it's affecting the student's grades (early on) they will put together a team with people from special ed, the school psychologist, and the teacher, to speak to you and see what can be done outside of medicine. They can make an Individual Education Plan (IEP) adapting the curriculum to suit the child's needs as best they can. This is the first step and is highly important to do if you think your child has ADD/ADHD.   Sometimes people get their kids on ADD meds unnecessarily or too early, or due to things that are just parts of childhood. In that case, OP is absolutely right that it's better to wait. But speaking as someone who works as a paraprofessional in a classroom (and also has ADHD)-- there are cases where the meds are needed. It's not about grades, it's about the ability for that child to learn. There are cases where if they don't take that medicine they will have  extreme  difficulty keeping up in school. Sometimes this can be remedied with a lot of redirection and adapting from the teacher, but sometimes it's not something the child can just "learn to function without".   In cases like that, the child may fall behind in school because of their inability to focus. The issue here is not grades, as OP insinuated, but comprehension and basic skills. If a child's ADD is stopping them from keeping on grade level in can seriously affect their success later on, and by the time you put them on meds in high school and they can properly learn things, it's too late. In education we have something called the Matthew Effect: students who have low reading comprehension early on (common issue for ADD because they can't focus on the story) are less likely to do well academically in all subjects later, because they all require that skill and are built on the ability to read and retain information. If they get to high school and they're two years behind because it went untreated for so long, then medicating them at that point won't magically catch them up, and it won't repair the damage caused by years of not learning all the material.
1	The problem with your logic though is you assume that mmr is a direct measure of skill. When scaled up (comparing 1400 vs 1600 for example) the system works well and in most cases the 1600 is better than the 1400 but at low differences like 1400 vs 1420 it almost impossible to see who is better.   The main reason for this phenomenon is that each win and loss is not determined by a single player. Being a very good player (for your mmr) means you may win 75% of your games. In the long term your mmr will steadily increase until you win ~50% of your games. But in the short term your mmr will go up and down.   Even If you assume each player is exactly where he belongs their mmr will not stay exactly the same. Even if the player's skill level stays exactly the same their mmr will likely fluctuate significantly (50-100 mmr at least). So how could you make any significant conclusions about a player's skill from 10-20 mmr?   Edit:
0	Marriage is one of those things where you are never prepared enough, or prepared as you can be; but there is a certain time that it is acceptable to try. I don't think anyone is really ready for their first time having sex for an example, and it is really different for everyone. I have heard all these different stories about people saying they did too early, or too late, but regardless of timing, it was in a way the right time for the person.   That being said, generally when it comes to these things, I think of it in not so much as prepared for the event, but the living with it afterwards. I remember when people always used to ask when they thought it was the right time, or not knowing if they are ready. I judge it based off of when you are no longer worried about doing it, and how you can manage to live with yourself if you did it. You are ready for marriage when you are not scared of the idea, the commitment, or the practice, but are scared about how you will perform to your own and other people's standards. If you love the person, are financially stable, and emotionally collected, but terrified about fucking it up, then you are ready to take the next step.   Love has little to do with it, but obviously in these cases it is a very important factor. You can be in love, and ready for the idea, but are not financially, emotionally, or structurally ready for marriage, kids, etc. The way you get ready is to enjoy being single, drinking, experimenting, and either getting it out of your system, or realizing that kind of life style is no longer for you.   For me, I have created a checklist of things, and girls I want to experience before I set out looking for the right one. If I commit to a girl, I don't want to wonder what it would be like to be with a X kind of girl, or do Y before I settle down. If this girl happens to fit one of these qualities, or I find her during these events, that is great. But I don't think I would commit myself to another person without being really sure about what I do want, and more importantly what I don't want.
