0	You forgot to add the word "Uninformed" after passionate.  I've already got this on my newsfeed:   "Blaming firearms for what happened in Colorado (a complete tragedy) is like blaming the hammer for building a crappy bench.   Put your guns in the bag and get on the nice black train.  Thank you very much. Have a nice day.   P.S. And thanks for your land you can't defend because you're unarmed. It belongs to the state now."   Edit: not sure of the downvotes, I mean't that's showing up on my newsfeed, not I posted that to other peoples newsfeed :P
1	Everyone needs to understand that the league system is still based off elo and promo series are just a way to let you know that you are closer to the next div or tier. Just think of every div as needing more than 140lp to get to the next one while div 1s need 160. If your elo is the same as your place in the leage you will get 20 points per win. If you got placed in gold 3 like me but were 3 elo off gold 2 you will get 25-30 points and lose less aswell.
1	Play better. Dodge them. Build MR. Buy Banshee's.
1	Where did all of these words come from in my mouth?   I didn't call you a liar, and in fact I said it was likely that it was a smurf, or if it wasn't a smurf, then you were a liar. Note the flexibility of the statement, in that it doesn't directly call you a liar, but provides the possibility of you  being a liar as the information you gave does not support your claim. It doesn't say that there isn't one, and I actually suggested that it was a smurf account, which would have not made you a liar(but still possibly were, depending on the rank of your unprovided main, for example if your main had 500 games, but you were d3 would satisfy the requirements of this being your smurf, but you still being a liar) so no, I did not call you a liar. Nor did I tell you what to do. I asked who you are.   Now since you love to talk about labeling, your entire second part was inflammatory and directly labeling based on completely unfounded assumptions.   Let's compare.   You claimed to be D1, and posted two accounts that aren't D1, meaning your claim was not supported. I said you're either a liar or those accounts are smurfs, though them being smurfs wouldn't necessarily make you not a liar. Nothing about that was unfounded. Nothing about it was false. Based on the information provided, there is the potential for you to be telling a lie. Your response was to bitch about me calling you a liar (which I didn't do) and then to declare that I must be a moron, and a jungle blamer, as well as a ragey person that flames others. Do you act this way in game? Are your accounts smurfs, or were they banned with that attitude?
0	My boyfriends really good friend was like this all the time. She would talk to me non-stop about he ex, money issues, family issues, ect. But then it got worse when she would constantly say how much better she was than me and everyone else and I eventually stopped talking to her, only to recieve contstant messages of her trying to bully me into submission. She actually told my boyfriend that I was doing to her what she was doing to me.
1	During highschool I aspired to maintain the highest level of fitness possible. I volunteered at a local gym as a helper and worked out 1-3 hours a day. I spent my first 3 years  after  high-school in the fucking army doing rigorous fitness routine five days a week and working out on my own the other two. I played videogames that whole time. I still play league a hell of a lot. Why? Because it's enjoyable. You should probably not make such broad statements about people in a community that you obviously know very little about. The gamer world, as it were, is rapidly growing to include many circles of people. Although not everyone who is a gamer now was a gamer back on the N64 or the NES or further back to Atari/Commodore, it's a very real idea that not everyone who plays videogames is a 120 pound, acne-ridden-sex-deprived-serial-killer-in-the-making as the media likes to portray us.
0	Last I heard, I think she married the guy.   oh this reminds me of the part I left out of my own woeful tale.  She dumped me for this guy, and about three weeks later I checked her facebook (something I'm proud to say I've discontinued) and saw that they were engaged.  Crushing?  Not nearly as much as this next part:  facebook lets you set the date of the engagement.  It was set ten days before she dumped me.  Nice little added fuck you, I guess.   You have my sympathies, and I appreciate your having posted this.  Pain shared is pain lessened, I think they say?  Hope you're doing okay.  This whole thing might be the single most difficult thing I've ever had to get through;  I lost all my (our, or rather, her) friends, and am basically agoraphobic by default now due to fear of running into her.  We shared a lot of similar interests, unfortunately.  She got to keep those, too.
1	All adcs have different strengths and weaknesses, as well as situations when you want to pick them. I'll list their strengths and create a mini tier list at the end.     Ashe  is an adc that has decent engage potential but has weaker damage than most.     Caitlyn  is a very safe adc with a weak midgame, but a very strong early game and an average lategame. She is great for sieging.     Corki  is a very strong adc in general, he has a good early game,great midgame, and average lategame. He also has siege potential with his rockets and Q.     Draven  is a risky pick, and takes a bit of practice. He can Snowball leads very easily and can become a monster with 2 items.     Ezreal  is a very safe champion with a very strong early game and a great midgame. His lategame is very dependent on how good you are at landing mystic shots.     Graves  is a great lane bully and is amazing for new players because of his passive. His midgame is average and his lategame suffers because of a lack of range, but other than this, he is a great champion and if you can position properly he can become a monster.     Jinx  is a very strong champion who Just needs a kill or two to snowball. She becomes stronger as the game goes on, without really having a weak point in the game.She's like kog maw with a different passive.     Kalista  is very hard to place at the moment because she hasn't been out for long enough. From my experiences, she is underwhelming if she doesn't go at least average in lanephase, and she needs a couple items to get going. Her objective control with E makes her very strong,since the stacks have no cap.     Kog'Maw  is a very strong champion who does much better in competitive play than soloque because he has no mobility and requires peel from the team. He gets stronger as the game goes on, much like Jinx. His siege is very strong and he can Shred through tanks with his w.     Lucian  is a very strong champion who has no weak point in the game. This being said, he also never has a very strong point. He is very consistent and only needs 2 items to be able to keep up with any adc in damage.     Miss fortune  lacks an escape, and has an ultimate that makes her immobile. She can be very strong with the proper setup but she feels like a weaker version of graves, who can deal more aoe damage while being more mobile. This being said, If you build trinity into shiv, you can be fairly mobile as long as you position properly.     Quinn  can be  an interesting champion, and can bring out a lot of unexpected damage. Most people will max q first, but in my opinion maxing w first into e will give you better mobility and damage. She  can be a lot stronger than people expect, but she is lacking a strong ultimate. It's better to use it after you disengage with your vault for extra distance.     Sivir  is a very strong champion who hasn't seen much popularity but is definitely one of the stronger adcs on this list. She can stay relevant all game and really only requires an IE and a stattik to get going.Excellent poke and waveclear helps her stay relevant all game and her ultimate is a great ability for teamfights.     Tristana  is a strong champion with a weak early game, but she makes up for it with a very strong lategame. She is weaker than kogmaw as far as scaling is concerned, but she is still a great pick.     Twitch  is great in all phases of the game but suffers from a strong escape, he has amazing damage potential, but requires a strong frontline to be able to utilize it.     Varus  is a decent poke champion who is strong all game but is far too immobile to take advantage of it. He can destroy teams with his poke and engage with his ultimate, but more often than not he's going to be using it to snare whoever jumps on top of him.     Vayne  Requires a lot of practice, but if you put in the time to learn her, she can become a beast. Inexperienced players will have difficulty with her early game, but players with a lot of practice on her can win most lanes with ease.       Top Tier- champions who can be picked in any situation     Corki     Ezreal     Lucian     Sivir       Tier 1- champs who Are strong but not strong enough to be picked in any situation     Cait     Jinx     Kog     Twitch     Trist     Graves       Tier 2-  champions who need a buff to be placed higher     MF     Varus     Ashe     Quinn       Skill dependant champions -champions who require a lot of time put into them to be played well. These champs have top tier potential but only if you work to put them there.     Draven     Vayne       NOT PLACING KALISTA IN ANY TIER UNTIL I GET MORE TIME TO TEST HER
0	I was in high school at the time. I got off my shift at Piggly Wiggly and there had been an ice over. Half inch sheet of ice covering my dads Saturn wagon.   What does 17 year old me think to do when my ice scraper breaks? Go back in and buy some Mortons table salt and dump it ALL OVER MY DADS CAR.   I told my dad about my genius ingenuity. He was not as impressed or as pleased as punch as I thought he would be. Then I realized cars are metal in some spots and that I was an idiot.
0	To be fair, people buy computers for different reasons.   the average people with macs at a highschool-college level are usually in a field where the macs are simply betterl. For instance, coding, the Sublime Text and Dreamweaver interfaces are sleek and very polished for front end designers. Same with graphic arts, Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign just generally look more user friendly and sleek on the mac interface. These people bought them for their careers, not for gaming.   personal anecdote  I had a 09 MBP in college, my one roommates was a  PC MASTER RACE  kinda kid. Used to just make fun of me cause I could play games on high def, or top graphics. I came to college to learn my trade, not game. I had an xbox to game, which I rarely did. So a top of the line gaming pc, seems stupid to me. Why spend 1800 on a computer that's sole purpose is going to be gaming? The way I saw it was that I spent 1800 to better my future career.
1	Actually, Xerath already "ascended". The form he now holds, the non-physical being he is, that is his ascended form. According to lore, he possesses unlimited power in his ascended form, and thus the mages of Shurima, fearing his complete lack of regard for life itself, locked him in a coffin like thing, that he eventually, broke out of (but not completely).   So the "Ascension" event in my opinion, could be indeed the rising of the void upon the world, yes, but at the same time I believe it might not be just that. Xerath experimented with magic with the purpose of having imense magical power so that he could "gaze into the heart of Runeterra to know the secrets of history and the universe beyond".   So, in the end, Xerath want's knowledge... Now, who do we know lore wise, that also seeks knowledge? Yes, starts with "Vel" ends in " 'Koz".   Again turning to lore...: If you read Vel'Koz lore the end he says:  "I have glimpsed the ultimate knowledge. And I will have it. "   This thirst for knowledge came from the discovery of Zilean's tower. As Vel'Ky analized the objects within, he noticed they had been touched by great magic.   Now... we have something that links Xerath and Vel: Knowledge. Instantly you'd probably say "oh, but that links Xerath to the void, so why don't you think Ascension will simply be the invasion of the Void?!"   It's quite simple actually. Again taking a peek at VK's lore and analyzing his overall personality, one should notice a HUGE difference between him and the other creatures of the Void we know off (and the ones mentioned in his lore): All they want is to feed themselves, grow, cause havoc and destroy everything in their path pretty much.   As seen here: "Leaving the tower, I find the others closing in on the entrance, ready to destroy it as they have destroyed everything else we have met. They will only get in the way of my goal. There are some things the Void should not consume indiscriminately. "   Vel'Koz, again, seeks knowledge, information, data... In a way I wonder if Vel'Koz is actually a creature who came to be in the Void, or as Kassadin for example, he was something else that got transformed and pulled into the Void. (And yes I know its said he is from the Void, but shit changes, deal with it, besides he is just too different). Seeing this difference and his lust for knowledge, I wouldn't imagine that Vel'Koz would want to unleash the Void on his Know-it-all-mine AKA Runeterra, thus, no invasionerino.
1	I don't play Ryze anymore but i think he's really viable. He's one of the few tanky AP dps, imo a good champion to counter divers with (irelia, lee sin etc) because sure they may dive over your tanks and shit but when they get there they hit the brick wall Ryze with 3000hp and lots of armor and mr to go along with a strong (and here's where i think Ryze really lacks) single target damage output. He really lacks when it comes to aoe and dealing damage to multiple champions. His E is pretty abysmal damage wise and the splash from his ulti? I don't know since it was so long since i played him or saw him in a game even (i've improved a lot since then) but it doesn't do an awful lot of damage.
1	You should play at least 20 games as a jungler, and then really sit down and think about everything you posted here.   True, there are some really shit jungle players out there, but your attitude is shit and your expectations of what a jungler should be are unrealistic. If you're getting ganked, buy wards. If their jungler is sat there waiting to gank you, you're helping your team by keeping him in your lane and keeping him from farming. Eventually he'll leave and you can resume farming yourself. If there is XP to be had in a lane that you're not in, what's the harm of a jungler last hitting what's there before you're even close enough to benefit from the deaths of a few minions? Or pushing to reset the lane after your opponent dies or goes back? Never complain about your jungler getting a slight XP advantage. It's wasted XP and gold if no one is there to benefit from it.   As has been said by others so far, the amount of farm required by a jungler differs from champ to champ. So if they're playing a champ that needs a lot of farm, their job is to farm as much as they can. Your job is to not die in your lane, and give them the time they need to farm.   Counter jungling is no longer as beneficial as it once was. It's better to just farm your jungle and help gank than to ever go into the other team's jungle. Initially at least. Mid to late game, sure.   In closing, it seems like you think you should be the one that always carries. If you have a shitty early game, your role changes. You're no longer the AP/AD Carry. You're just a guy that tosses out what you can when you can to help your team. If you get a few kills, and you start building yourself up to being the carry again, fine. But before those kills, you're just a glorified support. Sad but true. Don't always blame the jungler for you losing your lane.
1	Yes, but I was adressing the content that got left out in this "
0	What the fuck kind off a question is that? Four years! Four years, and it is a labor intensive process, exhausting, obnoxious, and makes me feel like I have no options. I can't back a candidate in any race because I don't agree with the things they are most likely to act on. I can't even choose the one that I share the most ideology with because that's choosing based on things they're not going to pay any attention to, and falsely assumes that I trust any of them at this point.   Were you referring instead to any of the numerous and overly wordy ballot referendums? Because while those have some effect on the way I live my life, and while I enjoy that I get to have some amount of control over it, the candidates for the 20+ offices are going to make vastly more decisions than the few things on the ballot referendums.
0	even though you may be a good/chill cop, doesnt mean every other one is. change of a public image starts with you, maybe more people would be in agreement with officers if they understood the mentality of average citizen and their predetermined views of the roles of the police in today's society. Especially with the United States becoming a military states, people are more apt to connotate all police with the concept of citizens losing their god given rights to freedom and the pursuit of happiness.   I vaguely remember during the occupy movements that some people were asking protesters to look nice and civilized because other wise they wouldn't be taken serious by these big huge wall street bankers. This pertains to the concept that demand for change will be taken more seriously if both parties understand each other, regardless if it is not fair or even. The will to change a whole corrupt tree of disparity starts with the seed that is planted. Be that factor that changes our view of you guys and together we can live in peace with a respectful relation. The police is meant to keep you safe within our own domestic country, that does not say take control into your own hands.
1	This is a wall of text and I'm way too lazy to read it all. But what I believe this thread is about how you rage at your team. I know this game  is  can be frustrating sometimes but you have to keep in mind that League of Legends is JUST A GAME. I stopped playing ranked because I was fed up with the attitude of the players in that Q. I just stopped raging because you have no benefit from it, additionaly if you face trolls they will just feel better in what they are doing. So my advice is just to change your attitude and become a chilling guy . I don't rage at players that don't play well because everyone has a bad game once in a while. I don't rage at trolls because sometimes they are funny  and I have to admit that in very rare cases I tend to troll aswell. I DEFINITLY don't rage at people that play out of the meta. The only people I  rage about are flamers. In my opinion they do not deserve to play this game oh yes and I alse detest tryhards in normals and ARAMs. So I guess thats it. I simply just stopped careing about wether I win or loose I just play to have fun.
0	I imagine this will get down voted to oblivion, but I don't mind.   Mind you, I'm not an expert, but this is why I don't particularly care about the issue and am frustrated with reddit's general stance.   We as citizens basically sat around and watched the Patriot Act go through will moderate fuss, which basically is the key in what allowed this to happen and why so many in the government on both sides allowed it to happen and said nothing in protest. We've known this is happening for year, but chose to ignore it until it was thrust in our faces. All of a sudden we throw a hissy fit.   Are there parts where things maybe weren't done properly and someone taking advantage of the information at their disposal? Most likely, but where hasn't there been? You are dealing with human nature here. MN recently had a case were an employee accessed the personal information of hundreds of people without official reasons. These things happen.   Privacy is dead, and this has been known for years by many. The more interconnected we get and the more we use and depend on technology, the more we sacrifice privacy. That won't change unless we rise as a collective whole, not against the government, but against the tech giants. In the world we live in today, we basically have to deal with the privacy terms they give us, with no other options often.   Lastly, even if the government goes all V for Vendetta - esque I could care less. In the struggle of the few vs the many, the people will always succeed in the end. If they want to go down that road, let them try.
0	There are stray animals all over my city. The pound is overrun with them and they're asking city officials for more money to take them all in so they don't have to put them down (sigh). I walk every morning, and not a week goes by that some scraggly mutt comes walking up behind me and just follows me. At least the cats run off into the bushes.
0	I work in a small retail store located in what most would consider the ghetto we have customers all the time who come into the store and leave their stereos in their cars on full blast. I usually ask them to shut it off as were also beside a restaurant and wouldn't appreciate that if I was eating. A few weeks back one guys came in and the entire building felt like it was shaking. I asked if next time he came in the store to cut off the music. He didn't respond and left.   30 minutes later he strolls into the store to have a chat about what was wrong with his music. I informed him its disruptive and rude to others who might not want to hear the music. He immediately pulled the race card. It took about 5 minutes before I finally said "I don't care if you're white, black, hispanic, Asian, etc. Its disturbing the customers in my store, the restaurant next door, and the employees here. If you don't like it then don't shop here." He then proceeded to cop and attitude and ask if I stopped the motorcycles and import cars going down the street for being loud. I then had to explain that they weren't sitting outside reving their engines and disturbing people so no I don't stop them.   Ever since that day he pulls up the the store with his music just as loud and sits in his car for 2 minutes before shutting it off and coming inside.
1	Hi, fiora main here. Fiora is a great low elo pub stomper, because no one knows how to play against her, because everyone thinks she's awful. I go complete aggression when playing her, only build one defensive item toward the end. Her weakness is that she can't do anything against high armor champions (garen, renek), and high cc.and if she loses lane she'll suck the rest of the game. Anyway, in my elo, (silver 2) she's excellent because she's underestimated. I play her mid, or top if they didnt pick someone tanky. I often get dodged for playing her mid, but when i get into a game everyone goes very aggresive, and that's when I can win because she's underestimated, and people dont know how to play against her. I rarely lose mid, and i always do well.
1	I really have to agree with this, I was a long time SC1 player and played quite a bit of SC2 and I have to say the advice is not that relatable. Think about it, in a 1v1 environment if you do good you get rewarded, in League of legends it is not so simple if you do good you can lose the game and get flamed by ignorant people. When this happens there is little you can do. You are going to have moments of incredible frustration you may even lash out.   Because of this it is so much easier to rationalize that you are a better player then your elo gives you credit for. But because the human mind is so un objective, everyone thinks they are a good player. When a mistake is made in league of legends almost always all 5 players will have had an effect on the mistake, so because of this any player could blame another player and their ego remains untouched and they don't learn.   Let me give you an example, I was playing support Janna for my 10th ranked game this season. I was partnered with a Graves. The opposition team comp was very strong early and it was clear that they planned an invade. Seeing this and the Udyr being my duo partner, I decided to help him out level 1 with a shield and some protection. In the end we repelled the invade and Udyr got his blue. However the trade off for this meant that I was under leveled but being a support player this wasn't an issue for me.   Anyways, I am down a level and I am heading to lane I see that the enemy Leona has just warded dragon area I head there to place my vision ward and destroy her ward, this takes me away from lane for more time. SO now I am down 2 levels, but I am in lane and shielding graves, playing standard Janna support and they are missing a ward. The lane we are facing is Leona and Tristana with heal ignite. So it is clear that they are a kill lane. Anyways due to various harassing tools Tristana gets low, Graves goes all in, I burn my exhaust and all my spells and he does the same, but Tristana's heal and ignite prove too strong and he is melted pretty quick, I am left to pick up the pieces and as there is no way to escape this I just sit there in a weak attempt to kill trist.   Immediately Graves starts flaming me saying that I wasted too much time with Udyr and that fight was my fault. I am not mature enough to accept that and point out that he knew I was under leveled and his engage was foolish considering the lane and their summoners. And now for the rest of the game he keeps asking me to 'prove myself' he takes any chance to flame me, he is invested in the lie he is telling himself, whilst I did have a role in losing the fight from being under leveled he was the one who made the mistake but because I am maybe 1% responsible he absolves himself from any blame and decides I must be a bad player. In the end it didn't matter as top lane quit, but it stuck with me. To be honest I don't think I could have done anything to avoid the situation, if I were to go back in time and do it again, I would do it the same. The Udyr needed my help so as to get his blue, I destroyed leona's ward and was in prime position to play a passive farm lane, but Graves messed up, he got too greedy and was unable to face his own failures.   In the end it is rationalizations like this that make ranked so unpleasant for me, also the fact that every player is looking for someone to blame just makes the whole affair entirely unpleasant.
1	League had it's time in the spotlight and is fading out. At the time of it's release it filled a need that wasn't met - people wanted quick, accessible, online battles with other players. It drew people like me from the WoW crowd who liked the competition but hated the gear grind. Every game was a new start, and you had lots of fun different champions to choose from.   It's grown over the years and evolved into this competitive Twitch-dominating monster we have now. It got people involved in and excited about the eSports scene.   However, what I've discovered is people actually enjoy watching the game more than playing it a lot of the time. There could be lots of reasons for this, and I'm not claiming I know what they are, but my theory would be these things:   1) Power creep - New and shiny champions just got released one after another and each one had a more loaded kit than the one before it. This would be fine if they bothered updating older champions at a decent rate, but it seems some get some much needed attention while others get left in the dust. I was just talking to my friend about how Kennen used to be my favorite champion, but when was the last time you saw a Kennen? He has such a dated kit. I'm not saying he  can't  be useful, it's just that you'd be infinitely better off playing any other AP mid, like Xerath or Cass or so on and so forth.   2) Constant balancing issues/changes - this kind of goes with #1, but I think a lot of people felt pigeon-holed into playing OP Champion X, rather than getting to play one of their favorite champions. If you don't log on this game for a month and come back, the pendulum might have swung so far that your normal go to champ is garbage and some random champion has been buffed into Godmode. Or, an item that was good no longer is. This happened to me recently when I came back and they buffed the hell out of Akali's shroud. Long story short, there's too many champions and changes to reasonably keep up with.   3) Toxicity/game not being fun as it is frustrating - This one has always just been a problem and when the game shifted focus from heroes snowballing to being team-oriented I think it kind of put the nail in the coffin. Games became harder to carry, now you're even more reliant on the other 4 players on your team. And you're basically up to the mercy of the LoL Gods on what kind of teammates you get. I'm not saying toxic players are Riot's fault, or that there's even a good solution, but I do think it is a contributing factor. And I think the most frustrating thing about it is, when the game is so dependent on teamwork, you can't just "forget" that 5th player who is a total doucher.   My prediction is, when a newer game is released that filled the same gap that League did originally, people will start leaving in droves. And when I say "gap" I don't mean MOBA necessarily, I mean a game that is casual friendly, and provides quick, high speed enjoyment with little commitment. Not that the game won't always have it's fanbase, but I don't believe it will continue to dominate the market for much longer. The problem is, we haven't seen any real innovation as far as online games go SINCE League of Legends, and perhaps DayZ (which is still in development, and I found too cumbersome to enjoy).   Heroes of the Storm is just another clone, and looks pretty bad tbh, but I think Overwatch has some potential to steal away a big chunk of the eSports crowd. I think whatever the next "big" game will be, it will require a competitive atmosphere and eSports scene. And my bet is we'll shift from the MOBA to a FPS type game.   Just my opinion, take it for what's it worth. I was bored and decided to type out my thoughts on the matter.
1	keep in mind everyone while this is a fun/good video, the p values of each team's chance to win is based on fan vote, and obviously popularity plays a large part in the bias portion of the teams probability to win if you use these values.  While the community is good at choosing a victor based on performance, the community is also heavily biased in that some subset of voters vote for their favorite team rather than team that is more likely to win.
1	I feel so sorry for EU team after reading today's comments on reddit. I get it, many of us were rooting for them and are very disappointed today, that's normal, it just shows how big of a fan you are. However, turning disappointment into anger is not cool. They didn't win, it sucks, but it doesn't mean we need to find exactly who to blame and then flame the shit out of them.   Don't you think it sucks enough for these players (and Harry, he's getting flamed aswell) that they lost a match so hyped. Don't you think they know they disappointed EU fans. Don't you think they're frustrated by the fact they didn't get to train enough. Then imagine one of them coming to reddit and reading about how they're lazy, how they didn't even want to be there, how they didn't care, how X players should've been voted instead of them. Especially since quite a few things (like trouble with organizing scrims, visa issues) might've been out of their control. Flaming the shit out of them won't suddenly make EU win, and it won't make either you or the players feel better.
0	I can't believe I'm actually going to jump into this, but I think I am.   I feel differently about the "lump of coal" tradition since I read the book "Angela's Ashes," in which you realize how much a lump of coal has been valued in the past.  Kids go running around the street seeking out lumps of coal that have been dropped, so they can bring them home for the fire in hopes that their families will have a little warmth.   In modern times, we have come to think of a lump of coal as the stereotypical "anti-present," no more valuable than a dirty diaper.   But actually, I'm willing to support the idea that a lump of coal in a stocking was considered to be an actual present, though certainly not the ideal present for a child.   It's a way of punishing them while still giving them something of value.   The reason I respond to this particular post is because I would think a lump of coal wouldn't generally be found in any fireplace in which coal was burned, because that coal would have been burned (oh, for what it's worth, I was born and raised in a home built in 1905, whose fireplaces were designed for coal.  They're much, MUCH smaller than wood-burning fireplaces).   This is pure speculation, by the way.  I haven't actually looked into it any more than my personal history with coal-burning fireplaces, and my reading of the book I mentioned above :)
0	Would living away from home have done that or would you have done poorly regardless? I lived at home the entire time I was in college. I got poor grades my first year at college. After that I got my shit together and by my Junior/ Senior years there were very few people in my majors that outperformed me. I'm not saying you wouldn't have done better away from home, but it is a combination of innumerable factors that make up what we do and why. What makes you do what you do and think how you think cannot simply be placed to one thing like not going away for school or for another example being poor. It would have certainly affected who you are today though.   Could you have done better living on your own during school? Sure you could. Could you have ended up worse? Sure you could. Although it is very easy to say I did X because of Y the reality just isn't so simplistic. What makes you who you are and who you will become is a mess of ever growing prior experiences, your perception of those experiences, and those perceptions impact on your perception of future experiences. Some things will have a bigger impact on making you who you are than others but ultimately why you do what you do comes down to an impossible number of factors to even fathom and beyond that stating I did X because of Y will always at least be partially incorrect. Also there is the issue of blaming an external factor rather than a personal one that could be worked in with this issue, or a discussion of consequentialist reasoning, but I think I have been boring enough already.
0	Wouldn't make sense? Like how the continuity being completely broken between ED and ED2 such that ED2 was often viewed by fans as a comedic remake of the first, even though it's labeled as a sequel? (I know the continuity was broken for legal reasons, but still the point remains on direct comparison of the films.) That the third movie, which is really only a part two of the 2nd movie and having no relation to the first in storyline, dropped the Evil Dead name altogether and went with Army of Darkness? Calling this latest version of franchise ED3 or ED4 would certainly have made sense, at least to me.   I'll concedte that the storylines are similar, but I won't agree that they are the same. Aside from the characters and their backstories (was that even necessary?) lots of things were changed compared to the first movie, such as the way demons were summoned. I was mostly OK with the changes (except for the changing of the eyes from the traditional milk-white to the orange) because hey, it's schlock horror and it's fun. Remake? Sure, no doubt. But given the timeline, the new cast of characters, and the prescense of the Olds (though that's technically more broken continuity), it can easily be seen as another sequel too.
0	I agree with the principle of this, but if you read the OP's comments, you'll see that half of the money in the account  was  his own contribution.  He did work for what he wanted.  He planned for something, worked for it, and then lent it to someone on the expectation that it would be back when he needed it.   Absolutely, people should work for what they want.  But if you lend something you need to someone you trust, they should give it back when they say they will.  Even if they're your parents.
0	Former small biz owner here.   Yelp did the same thing to use but used the term "filter reviews better" aka move any negative reviews to the hidden page and good reviews up when we said no all the sudden our two negative reviews (that were written by people who were never our us timers as we had names of every house we ever visited so we suspect a competing company wrote them) magically moved to the front page and all good reviews were now on the hidden filters page
1	IRELIA IS COWARD TIN SWORDSWOMAN. MUCH MORE MOBILE AND EASY TO PLAY. SUSTAINABLE IN LANE, ASSASSIN AND BRUISER IN TEAMFIGHTS. FITS WELL INTO MOST TEAM COMPOSITIONS, DEALS GOOD MIX OF DAMAGE AND OFFERS LOTS OF MOBILITY. VERSATILE TO A FAULT, OFTEN FAILS TO BALANCE OUT EXTREMELY LOPSIDED TEAMCOMPS. FOOD FOR ALLIGATOR.   COWARD TRAITOR BROTHER PLAYS MOST LIKE BRAVE ALLIGATOR, ONLY SLOWER AND FATTER. PATHETIC FARMING OF Q OFFERS LATE GAME UTILITY AND DAMAGE REGARDLESS OF ITEMS, BUT ADMIRABLE FARMING POTENTIAL. DUE TO LACK OF ESCAPE TOOLS AND EXTREME SUSTAIN, MORE MENTALLY CHALLENGING THAN IRELIA, SINCE MISTAKES ARE UNFORGIVING, BUT LESS MECHANICALLY CHALLENGING THAN IRELIA, SINCE ABILITIES ARE EASIER TO USE. MORE SIMILAR TO BUTCHER OF THE SANDS, DESPITE BEING COWARD TRAITOR. ALSO FOOD FOR ALLIGATOR.
1	Thats hundreds of dollars some of the bigger streamers/players would be sacrificing by not streaming. Zion who had a big week last week and was named MVP streamed immediately after LCS and got a huge audience turnout, at one point around 8k viewers. The Coke series is getting a big audience, larger than what Riot expected as Nick Allen said earlier in the week -- so viewership isnt struggling.   I dont think it's fair to ask these players to not stream and thus make money. When they have their big moment and get a lot of attention they need capitalize off it for financial reasons AND to continue growing their own player fan base. Yes they do earn a salary from Riot but its not as much as people seem to think it is, their biggest earning potential is from streaming revenues.
1	I love how no one from Riot has popped up to even contribute. I'd love to hear what a Riot guy has to say about the current report system. Seems that the toxic players are benefiting from this automatic chat restriction system.
1	teamfight synergy is not at all irrelevant... I had plenty of games which my former self would outright say "gg, surr 20" coz all lanes were lost, counterjungled etc... but i have witnessed so many games in the past months where we got crushed like kittens early on and then simply outplayed the opposing team not only with team synergy, but also very wellplayed strategies that we came up with, which is possible with people who really want to play for win... I've learned that there is  ALWAYS (ok, maybe exaggerated... lets say 90% of games) a chance to turn the tide and therefore never surrender until the nexus explodes.. Frankly, the same happens the opposite way aswell: We crushed them early on so bad that we just couldn't see a way for them to get out of their misery, but they did with decent gameplay and a good setup.
1	Hardest snowball champion I have come across for lane dominance or just 1v5 potential is among the carry section.  Fiora  has too many counters to be worth the mention of a 'pick all the time' champion, put her against a champion such as Gangplank and just enjoy the penta kills...   Also there is no mention of  Skarner ... Has everyone forgotten those times end 2011 where Skarner could just be the only guy in your base, and he would be the only guy needed in your base to win a game.   Of course you have your more easy to be incredibly hard to deal with champions.  Poppy and Hecarim  (Yes that ghost pony...) are possibly one of the most terrifying champions to feed. Poppy just kills your AD carry before you can kill her team. Hecarim on the other hand has the mechanics of being a 'run you down' champion like Warwick. Just he has so much more AoE damage than him. 450 movespeed pony that does 500 damage per second and heals 200 health per second chasing you? Yeah didn't think so...
1	Usually plats and diamonds know whats going on, and if they pan the camera over you on the map and watch you while they're dead they can usually pick up on something you've done wrong.   When they pick up on this they can either correct the player by being nice or outright flaming, so thats why you hear about people thinking they're so good and flaming eachother.   It's not that they're all bastards it's the fact they can pick up on others mistakes really well.   I haven't really touched on why it's elo hell so gimme a sec.   For all the people (and to save you time):
1	QSS is the easy one to remember. It literally just drops all debuffs on you. Basically, it gets rid of practically everything.   Cleanse is way more complicated. It removes most CC effects, but not  suppression, knock-ups, knock-backs, grabs and flings. It is worth noting that it removes the  whole  debuff with it, along with any extra stuff that it normally wouldn't remove. So, for example, Lee Sin's Cripple will both slow you AND reduce your attack speed. Cleanse doesn't remove attack speed debuffs, but since Cripple also applies a slow, then both the slow and attack speed get removed from you.   More information here:
0	When you're young, people always say things like "you can pick your friends, but not your family." The older I get the more I realize that's bullshit. I had an Aunt that got my mom to change the beneficiaries on her life insurance when my mom was dying in the hospital from scleroderma. My mom was on all sorts of meds and didn't really know what she was doing, and my aunt somehow convinced her that my 30 year old sister and myself (28) were not responsible enough and that she would distribute the money to us. My sister has two degrees and I've been working my ass off since high school and run my own flooring company, so that was bullshit. Anyway, as soon as my mom die.d and my aunt got the money she cut off all contact with us and we haven't seen a dime of it two years later.
1	So, this isn't canon or anything but this is how I've always seen it:   When champions go in for a judgment to see whether not they can join the League of Legends, the Institute actually makes a "copy" of them - specifically, I think they make a copy of their soul.   The act of summoning isn't so much teleporting Jarvan, or Kat, or Garen, or anyone else to summoner's rift. After all, we hear about them running around and doing things all the time - it wouldn't make much sense for any of them to have other responsibilities when they could get teleported away at a moments notice.   But this "soul copy", or "imprint" that the summoners use to create their clone has all the potentials of that individual while not yet fulfilling them. Basically, you have to wake the soul up every time (as it attunes itself with its summoner) - that's why you have level up every game.   This system can also explain character updates. They get a new imprinting of the soul, maybe one day Irelia was feeling super confident, and then every imprinting since then she's had a cold.   --   Now the question I have is... what's the cost on the individual? Is it the horror of knowing that you're dying hundreds of times (or millions) out there on the field of battle? That every one of those "yous" has all of your hopes and dreams? Is there a drain on the individual the more times their soul is copied? Do their experiences on the rift filter back to them in their dreams?   Also, why is it weird that the institute of war is not only creating clones of the most powerful warriors of Runterra, but also training their members (summoners) to be the most skilled at guiding them?   There is mention that the Shadow Isles is preparing for war - could it be that they're upset about souls being reused, and not going to them? Did they send emissaries and spies in to try and figure out what to do about it?   ... I don't know. These are just my thoughts.
0	Coming from a Public Health perspective, this is a  MUCH  larger issue than stated.   First off, people on government assistance continue to have more children because they are incentivized upon having more children. Typical cash transfer programs are designed in such a way that if you are a family making less than X dollars per year you are entitled to X amount of money. If you have a child under X age you are entitled to more, if you have 2 children you are entitled to even more, and so on..   Having worked in social work for a number of years as well I have also come across (first hand mind you) people who have actually stated that they were planning on having their 4th child because Obama will give them more money. I am not stating opinion here, just verbatim of what was said. Whether or not it's "kosher" to think people can be shitheads, this thought process is not uncommon.   The trouble is that by providing more money you are not solving anything, but merely creating a larger problem. Many of the times the money is not going towards the childrens health, nutrition, housing, or education, but rather parental vices like clothes, cigarettes, alcohol, and drugs.   This is where alternate programs like "Conditional Cash Tranfer" programs come into play. If you do a little research on the subject you will see that they work 10-fold in Mexico and other poorer countries. The idea of CCT programs is that one is awarded monetary compensation based upon meeting obligations put in place by the government itself. These obligations are put in place to ensure the welfare of the child first and foremost and to make sure the funds are being used appropriately.   An example of this would be that a family would be given X amount of dollars per week as long as their child has been to school every day, all members of the family are up to date on their vaccinations or yearly physicals, etc.   CCT is simply an off-shoot of Contingency Management, Behavioral Economics, and basic Operant Conditioning (cite Skinner). It's been proven effective several times over and I cannot begin to understand why we do not adopt this type of program here in the U.S. Former Mayor Bloomberg has started one in NYC, but I am unsure about the outcome data regarding it.   Going back to your comment above specifically, you also have to take into account that people are not rational thinkers. People like to believe in mystics and jesus and the golden walnut and allow things like that to cloud their better judgement. Providing teens with birth control and sex education has proven effective several times over through countless randomized trials when compared to abstinence. Still, people hold on to their old testament ways and still consider it "sinful".   Second, providing highly effective and long-term birth control options for free is questionable. First off, nothing is free. It would be a challenge to get insurance, or tax payers to cough up more money to pay for people to continue fucking who shouldn't be in the first place (joking of course). Next, many IUD's or BC methods have some unknown or severe consequences. If this was to be distributed by the government they would then bare the brunt of responsibility if one reacted negatively towards that specific medication. I could be wrong about this. Next, would options would be included in the "free" package? Their are thousands of BC methods and you know one would get the contract over the other....whomever bought off the most legislators I am sure. This means that the most money wins and not necessarily the best/safest product.   My last point, is that this is  VERY  multi-faceted. It's an educational problem, it's a environmental problem, it's a societal problem, it's an individual problem, it's a community problem, it's a familial problem. Because of this, there isn't a simple solution or magic intervention that put in place would solve the issue.   Individually, people need to begin to take responsibility for their actions. By throwing more money at them for no effort in return they are not learning and thus destined to continue their pattern of destructive behavior. Familial level, people might know nothing else. Their parents were on welfare and it's all they know. No one gave them aspirations to go to college and no one cared either way whether they worked or not. This is a learned behavior and is hard to change.   Environmentally, maybe that person lives in a neighborhood or project where everyone around them is on government assistance as well. That person then learns this is something acceptable within their community and actually forms bonds based on it. It's no longer viewed negatively. They also learn how to game the system and how to get the most for your (lack of) buck. i.e. having more children nets you more income.   Societal level, we allow it, don't want to deal with the problem, and think by simply providing money that will somehow solve the problem. People like to  believe  they are being altruistic by supporting certain causes vocally, but never actually think about the consequences of those programs, who's affected, or what goes into them. These are the same people who claim to be altruistic, but have never seen the inside of a soup kitchen to volunteer their time in their lives. - posers.
1	Not sure why Riot refuses to global ban champions in both solo queue and competitive play. If a champion reaches a certain ban rate clearly there's something wrong with the design. 6 bans is pretty pathetic for 117 champs as is. Add in the fact that red side is forced to ban Kassadin they may as well have 2 bans per game.
1	The only thing that was an actual problem on the old TT, (not a problem of opinion), was the turtle strategy being too easy to pull off with the old base layout. Put the new base layout on the old map and TT will be just fine. The twisty paths and jumpable walls are what made TT different and there are so many champions that can make use of that nowadays that it is hardly a problem. Old TT had a distinct feel to it and I miss it. Also lets not forget that these great changes riot has been implementing are not so great for everyone. Even if I did enjoy the changes to TT I can never play on the map seriously because it lags to high heaven any time I try. I don't have problems on SR or dominion or the proving grounds, but the new TT is unplayable for me. Why not have more options instead of forcing new maps on players, leave the old TT, (hopefully with new base layout), on the PvP game types and stop making new and shiny things that cause more lag issues.
0	HAHA you douche the kids are just gonna think its tits because the world looks like boobs haha lol jk
0	Yepp, that attitude is usually perceived as selfish and met with initial hostility. But, raising someone else's kids is a  huge  deal. Not only are you in in that awkward not-dad position, but you'll have to deal with the real dad, his schedule, etc.   Psychology today once devoted an entire issue to the situation. Wish I had kept it.. basically almost every article in it concluded with "don't do it". If memory serves me correctly, the odds of not everything not ending in disaster are better when both parties already have kids, and/or the other parent is completely out of the picture (widow situation for example).
0	To be clear, the extent of our "friendship" was him delivering shit I bought off of Amazon to my office and me listening to him complain about how much he hates his job.
1	Personally I don't like the jungle changes but I don't really rant about it. I've been playing in jungle since the S2 preseason and I will continue doing it. People say that there are only few viable junglers and that's their problem - nobody is forcing you to pick the meta champion, even in higher tiers of solo queue. You just follow the structure shown in LCS, where you have to pick a bruiser, because it's the best right now.   Posts or comments saying that less than 10 champions are able to do a first clear and buy a jungle item are clearly wrong. It is indeed harder with few of them, but it's still doable. I haven't touched Jarvan in a month, played Vi and Lee twice and still was able to get from to P3 to D5 on EU West, using champions like Fizz, Olaf, Reksai, Sejuani, Shyvana, Kha'zix, Rengar or even Evelynn. If I had Elise on that account I would also play her, since I know her well and can abuse her mechanics. The champion may give the advantage, but it's mostly up to player, if you are good with your champion you don't care about the global winrate of nerfs. If you abuse the meta champions and "mains" FoTM, well..... it's your problem.   On the other hand, people don't understand some of the changes. For example, ranged junglers nerf with reducing the number of soft leashes. Do you really think that ranged champions should have a clear advantage of having 100% hp after 3-4 camps, because the jungle didn't attack them? It was a bug that had to be fixed.   Ok, the end of my post, you are free to downvote me if you disagree. I would like to thank the moderation team for creating this thread since reading the 10th thread about the same thing was really annoying.
0	This happened to me a year ago. House broken into while I was at work. They took everything that wasn't clothes or furniture. Luckily I had just gotten a large gun safe for Christmas and an updated renters policy. That saved my ass. The total replacement costs were like $7000. I just had to eat the $500 deductible and I got to go buy all new stuff.
1	I do what is best for my team. And I main support, but if no one calls to be adc, I almost never go support. It usually means I am stuck in a lane babysitting a person who has no idea what they are doing.   If that is the case, and I am first pick, I go chogath and I say top or jungle, as honestly, he is a great pick in both positions.   I try not to be adc, because I do not do well in the role, I don't want to burden my support player to either have a boring game, or to possibly do badly.
1	I'll be honest and say that I don't even think 2.5 seconds is enough to run 5 people past a turret, unless they have someone like ori or jayce. and even then maybe not so much. I liked the idea of ohmwrecker being more of an offensive fortify, similar to banner being a replacment to promote. Its fun it lets more people use extra summoners. but ohmwrecker     Always has such weird build problems.     And im not sure who the item was designed for. Supports don't have enough gold, and most junglers are not AP     The stats are counter intuative, Most tanks are AD except maybe zac and elise, who are better off building Mpen.     The large amounts of regen are supposed to encourage diving.... what? I don't understand why this item has such high regen and is supposed to be used for diving.     It doesn't give any stats that would be good in an actual dive, seriously 2.5 seconds of no tower shots, turrets have a 1.0 attack speed, thats basically blocking 2 shots, nothing to write home about. granted the damage reset can help, but if your shen or rammus is tanking you have nothing to worry about.     It can't be used it goofy tower dive all day comps, since it has a 7.5 second delay before another can be used again.       A   few   possible   changes     The item needs more tanky stats, anything else besides regen, mana regen is the most expensive stat in the game, and can make items appear gold effecient. the value of the mana regen and the value of the health on the item are almost the same, I would rather have an additional 350hp when tanking then 15/mp5     Its build path, can be changed to use emblem of valor, and give a team hp regen, to have you not get harassed as much when preparing for the right dive.     A weird on here, have the active duration scale throughout the game, like (1.7+0.1per champion level) making the duration at level 18 3.5 seconds and would still allow for riskier dives earlier on.     This is very indirect but, if turrets shot faster and did less damage per hit (like dota2) but scaled after many more shots, this item would be much more valuable.     If an active or passive part of it buffed allied turrets somehow, it wouldnt have to make them invulnable attack twice as fast or do splash damage, but simply an attack speed buff when the holder of ohmwrecker is around would be nice
0	I worked at 711 on a Very main street on long island. At first when I worked there I tried to be a good employee and use my breaks sparingly but after a certain point I just didn't care anymore. I had the 3-11 shift 5 days a week, (NOT BY REQUEST) I started working there again just for 3 days a week.      I didn't mind at first because I understood that one girl who was working full time (poorly) and two people were taking consecutive vacations so I didn't complain. But after those vacations were done I still had 5 days on the schedule, constantly told them I didn't want 5 days I only wanted part-time but they kept me on 5 days 3-11 for 3 months after all those vacations.            There was a situation around Christmas where I asked for christmas eve off weeks in advance. I put my name in the schedule book for that day, talked to my manager, did everything right but still wasn't getting any confirmation.              So I finally talked to my boss about it practically begging her for christmas eve off and even told her I'd work Christmas morning so long as I got christmas eve night.   What was her response? "Oh mayra is doing something with her family because (in a whisper) it's like a spanish tradition to celebrate on christmas eve instead of christmas day"   are you fucking kidding me? my family does the same thing and I'm not spanish, I tell her that and she gives me the "I'll see what I can do" thing   they don't put the official schedules up till friday, christmas was on sunday. These fuckers had me on the schedule christmas eve 3-11 and Christmas DAY 7-3. I don't show up on christmas eve cause, well, fuck them right? But I go in Christmas day at 7 am anyway but my manager tells me that my boss wanted me to be sent home and not work Christmas. later found out she wanted to fire me over this. she didn't.   So finally they hire two more people to replace the first girl, fired another one soon after, hired two more after that and the whole time I'm fighting with them to drop my hours from 5 days a week to 3.  they never gave it to me.   told them i was going to college full time still wouldn't drop me hours. so finally after a year and a half i quit, that piece of shit 8.50 and hour job.
