0	You really have no idea what is going on in the US, do you?   In short form:  about 4 years ago a law called the ACA (affordable care act) was passed, it was later ruled constitutional by the Supreme Court, and hence is a valid law.  It requires all people in the US to buy insurance or face a penalty from the government.  The law will be coming into full effect on Jan 1st 2014 for individuals, right now congress, specifically the House of Representatives is attempting to add a delay to it (they originally tried to add a complete repeal of the law) as a rider to the budget they are passing.  The Senate refuses to pass the budget as a result of this, which has caused the previous budget to lapse without a replacement, causing all non essential federal programs to shut down until a budget is passed.   This has NOTHING to do with the debt ceiling, which is tackled separately.
1	lol in normals you didn't achieve anything so there is nothing to reward.
0	It's because the banana with frosting looks like rediculously attractive/photogenic marathon runner pic that was on the front page a while ago. The hair was slicked and he was smiling, as I'm sure everyone imagines the banana to be doing with the frosting hair when imagining it as a person with eyes, and shit.
0	I would add that adding "I would add" after your affirmation of your mistake makes you sound less intelligent and not more as I have to assume you assumed it would when you decided to add a fact irrelevant to the stated argument.
1	ITT: Posting quotes instead of
1	I think item build is another incredible factor, too many times I'll see a carry get shit on by a Trynd or Annie  and then proceed to complain 'OMG SO OP' Well gee I wonder why? Flat AD items and attack speed wont you get you so far. They think dishing out the  most damage possible will win them  fights.
1	Thank you for posting this. Too many people think that the only thing holding them back from a higher rating is their "awful teammates". They do not (and probably will not) realize that they are exactly where they belong.   Before I saw the LoLight, I played HoN, and had a friend that claimed it was impossible to get out of his "MMR hell" because of his awful teammates. I bet him that I could raise his MMR within a week. I then won 15 straight games on his account. (Granted, HoN is easier to solo queue than LoL, but you get the point).
0	I can't speak about child birth as I'm a dude. That being said, let me tell you a story about pain;   I was 15 years old, and incredibly messed up. I couldn't hear any sound no matter how low, or look at any light no matter how dim, without getting insane migraine headaches / feel like my head was going to explode. Then I started feinting a lot. Turns out I had Meningitis, but they had to do a spinal tap to make sure. To do the spinal tap, they get me a nurse who has never done it before and needs to learn how. She pulls out this 6" long hat pin looking needle and gets to work. She stabs me right in my spine 8 or 9 times. Everytime she does, she's hitting nerves making my legs and arms shake and convulse. After the 9th time, the Senior Doc comes in and hits it perfect the first time. There I am, sitting almost completely naked on a table with my chest on my knees, happy as a mother fucker that the Doc was able to prick my spine right the first time. I've never been in so much pain before.
0	The problem is that all parties are guilty of perpetuating racism, for example, I am mixed (Black, White, and Indian) and I am relatively well spoken, advanced vocabulary, proper grammar, etcetera.  A lot of people in the white community say I'm black due to the color of my skin  and everyone in the black community say I'm white due to the lighter color of my skin and the way I speak. However I choose not to identify with a race but everyone behaves as if I need to.
0	I did the EXACT same thing today... Our cats had been hanging out in our upstairs that's in a somewhat stalled renovation at the moment. Anyways, they got the idea to start using the new tub that's sitting up there as a  litter box. Neither myself nor my girlfriend are up there frequently but I was today while I was looking for some tools. I spotted the mess in the tub and in between cussing and scooping it out it noticed a puddle of drying cat urine in the bottom. Actually, I shouldn't say noticed - The smell was out of this world and there was a fair bit of it, I have a pretty strong stomach but it sent me gagging instantly. In the middle of this I decide to pour bleach into the tub to kill that nasty funk that was coming out of it (partially wrapped in shipping plastic with just one end torn open originally). I knew right away that I fucked up.... It started to bubble and fizz, kicking off waves of gas. Instantly my eyes were tearing and I was hacking up a storm. I grabbed a quick breath and held it, ran over to the windows and quickly cranked them open, turned and ran downstairs.   I'd bet it took me half an hour to come back fully around. I ended up taking a 5 gallon pail of water up and pouring it in there to dilute it down and then let it sit for an hour with all the windows open up there, used a shop vac to suck it out of the tub and then washed it out again.
1	Basically when the drophackers team is losing or about to lose, the Drophacker can press a button which disconnects all 10 players from the game. The game ends immediately and if you check your match history it is as if the game never existed to begin with.
0	You didn't miss anything that wasn't already there, but don't feel bad, as you are in quite a bit of company.  So I'll walk you (and anyone else who didn't get it) through it.....     It's Father's Day, not Mother's Day, so the focus is on doing something nice for dad.   If it was Mother's Day, then the focus would be on doing something nice for mom.   Look at the OP's name with why the word 'nigga' is being used in this context.
0	aaaaand I just learned what
0	I've been on the receiving side of an accident because of this actually. I was in the back seat of my friends car while we were stopped at a stop light. Suddenly a giant white van rear ends us at 30mph! Forces us to hit the two cars in front of us, and totals my friend's car. I luckily only come out of it with a bit of whiplash and an extremely minor and fixable neck issue. The guy's reason for not paying attention was that his fucking chihuahua was trying to get off his lap.....
1	even psychiatrists, which I think are the most highly valued to esports organizations- aren't common in e-sports.   It's a risky investment given how expensive that would be relative to amount of money in esports.   You can probably get an all-star lineup for the price of a fulltime psychiatrist.  So for teams, its not a matter of do they think it would help the team, but more a matter of:  do I want to sign Rekkles or book for 15 psychiatric sessions team, that may or may not improve my teams performance
1	They buffed his E by bug-fixing it. He'll still be really strong and do giant burst.   All the champions they nerfed will still be fine. They just wont be OP.   I play Evelynn a lot and I'm not crying about her Ultimate being nerfed so hard.   I mean, sure Talon's Q and R has lower base damage. But the bug-fix on his E means that all his attacks will now do 15% more damage, like they're supposed to, so it balances out reasonably well.   If you're literally in-capable of winning after the nerfs then that's more of an indicator of your skill level than Talon's viability.
1	Exactly. Pretty much any of the popular supports shit on Kog for the first 20 minutes of the game. I actualy think that it's perfectly fine for supports to have a strong laning phase, but I think some ADs just have ridiculously weak laning phases. I think Rito is putting too much emphasis on damage values when trying to evaluate how weak a champs laning phase has to be to justify his lategame.   Lategame dps is not just about the damage part, but also about the "seconds" or time part, which is where especialy Kog has problems. Having an escape mechanism effectively gives you more dps because you survive and deal damage for a longer period of time. This is also where cast times and animations come into play. For example, Vayne, Twitch have all of their damage bound to their autoattacks. There is no additional animations they have to go through to put out the maximum amount of damage. Varus, Corki and Ezreal are the exact opposite, in that they have a lot of power bound to cast times and animations and need to go through these and "waste time" to deal the maximum amount of dmg. Cait, Lucian and Quinn (in that order) are somewhere in between casters and autoattackers, seeing as they have fairly long animations they need to go through, but also a fairly powerful autoattack steroid.   You could argue that early to late balancing being too much about the damage aspect of "DPS" is the reason why champions with a flatter powercurve are more effective. Cait, Lucian and Twitch are prime examples for this phenomenon. Only in rare cases like Ryze, Jax, Renekton, Vayne and Lee Sin a bigger amplitude in the power curve is worth it.
1	Generally, you go for whoever you can reach safely. As an ADC your focus should be overall DPS, not tunneling onto a carry (unless you know doing so is safe). If a tank or assassin is trying to kill you, you have to kite them to death before that happens. Stay behind your tanks so they can peel for you.
1	Rammus has always been a viable jungler. It's just that more up-front damage champs have been a favourable pick in his position. Usually the top laner (and nowadays the support) will build tanks which leaves you a nice little DPS/offtank role.
1	She gets an insane power spike at level 6, and can duel pretty well pre-6 as well. If you want to shut her down, freeze lane in front og your tower, and pray to your jungle overlord to come and kill her.   But in all seriousness that will deny her farm, and keep her open to ganks. If there are things happening in river she will be able to react first, so try to keep things either warded, or make sure your Jungler isn't walking up river, and instead is walking through their own jungle, as it is a safer route.
1	And I just told you what the actual reason was. It didn't have anything to do with Regi playing toplane or anything. They even said so themselves...   edit:
0	The only problem with this is determining (who gets to decide) what's on the test. Considering that raising a child also tends to include pretty much every controversial issue in existence in some way, shape, or form, and considering how badly we handle those issues directly, I have absolutely zero confidence in our collective ability to do this well.   This is the same reason that it's incredibly illegal (in the US, at least) to require any kind of test before being able to vote. And that's one where we  tried  doing it, and fucked it up  really badly . So much so that the Dept of Justice  still  has to approve any major changes to voting laws in certain states before they can take effect.
0	Former kitchen vet of 10 years here. Do not beat yourself up over this. We've  all  done this or something closely associated with it.   Story time:   I was in my first job in a restaurant working prep. We had a silly set up with a deep fryer right next to the stove, and then a sink next to the deep fryer.   Well I was on a long stretch of working, and taking a pot of pasta water off the stove to strain the pasta, well I start dumping it into the colander in the sink when I realize I've made a horrible mistake...   The first crackle and pop started about three seconds after I started pouring so I didn't dump the whole stock pot in the deepfryer. I had just enough time to cut the gas feed to the fryer before it started boiling over. That shit took hours to clean!
0	Strangely enough I was taught chemistry from a super christian guy. Totally believed it was all created by god, but at the same time it was his teachings that really brought it all together for me. Creator or not, you can believe what you want started time and the expansion of the universe, nobody really knows, but everything we know is a product of almost 14 billion years of systems. Systems that don't stop and don't change in their most purest laws. The universe is like a computer, if you give it the same input it will give you the same answer every time. This is exactly what gives us science, being able to test and experiment. If any kinda of "god" is real, I would argue that it hasn't been around in almost 14 billion years.
1	I don't entirely agree with the "Shook threw, Wickd built bad" comments.  When you look closely at it, despite Elements controling the game and pushing towers mid game, gold was pretty much even.  That's a problem if you have a scaling azir and a jarvan, who would gradually outtank rengar. So I suppose communication on El's side was along the lines of "They outscale, we need to make a play to get a Huge advantage to press". Which in turn influenced the mistakes and bad builds. Be that as it may, if it was a team other than SK, those mistakes wouldn't have been so severely punished. As it was, SK expertly abused the mistakes.
1	One NA team has only one player from Hawaii or something.   One EU team played half their games without their jungler and still managed to beat TSM.   Fnatic lost the possibly closest match ever due to a possible bug.   If alliance didn't throw vs Kabum and SK didn't receive a ban there would have maybe been no NA team advancing out of groups.   Sorry, i really fail to see how NA > EU.   All that is confirmed so far is that NA got lucky and KR is still the best region out there.   This whole NA > EU or EU > NA thing is SO STUPID. No matter which team just won. Tomorrow ALL could beat C9 in a friendly and everyone would go EU > NA? Cmon it's silly.
1	Garen isn't op at all. He has a strong lane phase against certain champs or people who have no clue how to fight him. He has to build tanky to remain relevant in the late game, and even then, it's not like he's a late game terror or anything, he can just tank for days.   By contrast, Jayce or Jax also have scary lane phases, but if they go 3/0 or better in lane your whole team will start to fidget in their seats because they don't wanna deal with their teamfight power.
0	It sets a precedence.  I'm a 6'8" 240 pound basketball player, I don't think there are many women on earth who could beat me up.  However, if any girlfriend or significant other hit me, or attempted to harm me, that puts me in a horrible spot.  Even though there are very few women who could probably beat me up, probably 99.999% of them could easily inflict pain on me if they truly wanted to.   Let's say that my SO attempts to hurt me, but she doesn't inflict any pain and I just take it.  What will happen next time?  Well, being that she set out to cause me pain and failed, if she is truly attempting to hurt me, she will obviously try something more slightly more painful.  I have already set a precedence that she can attempt to hurt me and I will simply take it.  So, as you can see, this becomes a cycle that culminates to the point where my SO is now causing me actual pain.   Don't get me wrong, I'm not advocating for men to deliver haymakers to their SO's when they get playfully slapped.  All I'm saying is that if a person comes at me trying to inflict actual damage, their gender plays no role in my decision making in how to act.
0	Speaking about what companies do and don't want as if they are one giant collective isn't very logical.  Some do care, some don't care.  In my personal experience my passion/"extracurricular education" has in one way or another gotten me into most of my jobs...which is good for me, cause I like working in environments that value passion.
0	I clearly was the only white colored Indian in my class.... and judging by anyone one of those damn examples I gave, anyone would know that I am sympathetic to the suffering of a minority when it comes to issues of hate and racism.   Are you just going to breeze by the fact that you first assumed that i was a racist white person?   Also, let's just take a moment to realize that my negative experience on many reservations in Idaho and Washington are turning me into a bad guy.
1	Ban it is the best way to deal with her as most of her matchups that she loses to are skill matchups; meaning that the matchup depends entirely on how both players play and can go either way. Fizz, Talon, Zed are your best chances to go against her if you need a midlaner. Long range waveclears are also really good against her because they force Leblanc's ability to trade and make her use her abilities to farm instead. Ziggs and Syndra can farm real easy and Syndra has the added advantage of being able to duel her because she can stun knockback Leblanc's distortion and ulti her before she can all-in you back.
0	Detroit vs NYC vs Charlotte](   Detroit and a comparable city and the biggest US city. You can see Detroit comes out on the bottom of every category. However, Charlotte and NYC could be outliers.   [Detroit vs NYC vs Charlotte vs Pheonix vs Austin vs Chicago](   Wolfram gives less detailed data as you increase the sample size, but you can see that Detroit comes out on the bottom more often than not.
1	From what I've heard, most people have a problem with Braum's passive and his stun, so, with those in mind... what about making it so Braum's passive's stacks are applied by allies,  but  do not proc the damage or stun. The stacks just remain until Braum attacks the enemy, which will then proc the damage and stun. That way it'd feel like Braum's the one doing the heavy work, instead of just letting his carry do it for him. And about his shield... maybe instead of a movement speed bonus, it reduces his movement speed? I mean, I've read some complaints directed to how unrealistic it is that he holds his shield up and it causes him to actually move faster. But! in return for these nerfs, make it so Braum's ultimate applies a stack of his passive. That way his allies can put maximum stacks on his enemies, then Braum can just stun each enemy one by one. That way he's still able to retain his multi-target stun combo in team fights.
0	I love when anything even hinting of mentioning race happens in the sports world all the sudden every single black reporter on ESPN becomes a racism expert and then try to make it seem like they are the ones who get to deem where the racism line is drawn.   Ex: Mike Wilbon on Cuban - "I could have done without the mentioning of the hoodie and tattoo"   Well Wilbon I don't give a fuck what you could have done without. People blowing these comments out of proportion is becoming dangerous. Soon anyone with any sort of power or money to lose will not be allowed to express/have any sort of opinion in fear of getting ruined by the media.
1	Yes, it is possible, but the idea is different than if you're just simply carrying yourself.  You're goal is instead to feed your ADC, and have him do the damage, while you protect him.  Supports can carry, but it is a little more difficult, because you have to have the ADC be somewhat near the same page as you.   If you're way above your current elo (I mean truly, not just because you THINK you are.) you can just force feed your ADC and zone out the enemy and just win because their ADC has almost no farm and multiple deaths.   There are always games where you can't win, it's nothing terrible, happens everywhere, doesn't have to be any ONE persons fault, but expecting to constantly win games at 100% win ratio is almost impossible.
1	You're only one person : you only comprise  20% of the team.  That's not a majority. You do not have the benefit of a pre-made professional team who can elect a leader. You are all in purgatory together, and pretty much each and every one of you wants to get out. When you have five people who each have to rely on other people to determine their own fate: things can get ugly. Nearly every game in SoloQ is an example of this, whether on your team or the other, someone is pissed at someone else for "throwing" and determining their fate. People  don't like to give up control .   So what do you do, then? How do you make a gameplan? You do your best. You get so damn good at what you do that you earn the SoloQ trust. When I played Cassiopeia from 1000~ elo up, I'd firstblood the enemy laner, end up with 3-4 kills by the time I got my first blue buff, the constantly go bottom/top and secure kills. My AD Carry trusted me because I'd gotten him a double kill, and he knew it. Top liked me because I counter ganked and gave him an assist and a kill. Hell, I even kept wards up at all times and called my MIAs diligently even though I try to watch the map and not rely on people calling them. After about 10 minutes of showing people that you're reliable, and a strong player, you should [without being pretentious] be able to start making calls, politely. Most people have a sense of how the game works, so if you get a kill bottom and your toplaner is getting ganked by the jungler, you call the Dragon and people will go "Yeah! Good idea. I thought of that one too. Go me!" And they'll DO it. I gained 300 Elo in two weeks with this mentality. I'm still rising. I expect to hit 1400 soon. Then 1500. I want to be good at this game, and so do you. Why else would you be here? So  take these words and use them as you will.   I wish you all the best in your endeavors and hope to see you on the Fields of Justice soon!~   PS: Feel free to add me to chat or play some games, Oskjuvatn - NA. If anyone has anything to add or any specific ideas feel free to post them. If I'm completely out to lunch, tell me as well. I'll change it. I'm fairly sure most of the information here is at least reasonably correct. I may go over this a few more times and adjust the formatting to help deal with the whole "wall of text thing." No, there's no
0	The only reason I think it's different is because college applications hopefully only happen senior or junior year. He does not have to do that maybe even a month from now. It has only been a week into the new school year for several people.   I work and go to college classes as well I know what it's like. I don't agree with the message of this post because life can be generally harder for some people in school. I do not volunteer but I don't think im a bad person, I just have bills to pay so I work. It just seemed like an overstatement to say 80 hours a week. And maybe he/she exaggerated on purpose.   Yes, work is any labor, physical and mental that can be done I understand that, but it is also synonymous with employment. I'm really asking where do we draw the line? Is work any task you don't feel like doing now, because there are a lot of things I don't want to do but I do not consider them work.
1	I find Live support to be extremley helpful, and I've used to a lot before. It just bring the company a step closer to the players and it makes it feel much more personal. So yes, I'd love to see Riot do this. But I also realize it's probably very expensive.
1	Can't agree enough. LoL is becoming one of the most anti-noob games. I wouldn't be able to start playing this game now.   Its pathetic, people are smurfing so that they can own new players, and then they rage at the new players for being new..   Also, nothing pisses me off more than the report function. At the end of every game (Sometimes not even the end), people always have to say "Everyone report X." It's very annoying, and the people saying it are hypocrites. You want to report someone for calling you a retard when you called someone else a retard 10 games ago? Seriously?   Regardless of all that though, I dont think there should even be a report function. It's an online video game, you should be able to say whatever you want to someone. If they're raging at you, then mute them. It's really that simple. Starcraft and Diablo 2 didn't have report functions (Well they kind of did, but it was a lot of work, and probably wouldn't get the person banned so no one used it) and everyone was far better mannered in those games.   Btw, I've never been banned, but I see people on forums complaining about being unfairly banned, and when I look at their tribunal case I agree with them; they really didn't deserve to be banned.
1	Keep no streamers. If they want to advertise their stream they can do it with youtube videos and highlights that they are still allowed to post. For instance even though I don't enjoy Piece_of_Sheet's stream he obviously shows some high quality fiddle play in his highlights and if I'm aware it exists. Just allowing people to throw up a link to twitch.tv is lazy and the streams that are popular (and everybody already knows about) will be upvoted while the smaller streamers (the ones who need more viewers) will just be downvoted/ignored.
0	They're just separate entities. Baltimore is the only city in this situation in MD, all other cities are part of counties.   There are many counties in MD.  In the counties, some areas are incorporated as towns, while others are directly administered by the county.  These cities are still subject to county laws/regulations. These cities may have their own local police forces. The county police still have authority in these cities however.
0	OK, so I've never told this story to anyone. But on my wedding night, on a cruise, my wife and I hooked up with a hot blonde. I was really hammered and I started talking to this girl and my new wife sealed the deal. (yes, still married) We bring this girl back to our awesome suite on the ship and I bang both of their brains out. Drunk as fuck mind you.   Honestly, I remember very little. I remember them wearing lingerie and us all having sex in the shower and I remember having anal with a young girl I just met.   Anyway, I wake up, hungover. Bad, bad hangover. The girl is there, I don't even know her name. She wakes up while I'm still laying in bed with my head spinning and thanks us for the night and leaves.   My wife and I decide it was a crazy night and go to the deck to get some breakfast. So I get some food and try eat my first plate. I then decide to get seconds.   When I walk up to the line, there is a girl wearing sunglasses that says hi to me and asks how I'm doing. I look at her very puzzled and say I'm "fine"  and walk away. I was kinda short because I figured she was some girl I talked to last night when I was hammered.   Nope. It was the girl from last night that I banged out in every orifice in her body.   I found this out later as I talked to her later in the night when I saw her out again at the club. She said she was really upset when I dismissed her like that. She said she could barely walk the next day because of me and I didn't even know who she was. I did feel slightly bad.   After the cruise we ended up hooking up again on my birthday which was a fun time.
1	Not really, many people beg to differ as you see Mujapro agrees with my reasoning (and gets upvoted for it, proving other people do agree with it as well) The problem is most people dare not state their point of view because the immature people just downvote them, the same people who are downvoting me are the people who go: "GG EASY" in games with a leaver/afker/intentional feeder. It is an evaluation of the game, You cannot say gg (which is short for good game) without evaluating saying it's courtesy is, from my point of view, hiding behind "being polite" to keep up a way of legally harassing people.
1	no. i answered to you
0	After a soccer match I teamed up with some random guys to go for a night of heavy drinking. After a couple of hours in a crowded karaoke bar, I found myself talking to some guy, who seemed fine enough. Until he suddenly stood up and made the Nazi Salute right beside me facing the whole bar.
1	I have hard Radioactive because it is played way too much, but I wouldn't know the name "Imagine Dragons" if it wasn't for the fact that of my friends is a fan and he actually showed me a couple songs a while back.   I don't listen to current music, not for anything in particular, i just like listening to the same old albums over and over again, however it is impossible for me one not listen to the currently popular music in everyday life, however, that does not mean that one necesarily knows who sings what.  You just hear the songs and have no idea of their names or of the artists who perform them, other for the really really really huge hits and famous people, like "Happy" or like songs from Miley Cyrus or Shakira or whatever.
1	For the Competitive System:   PCPartPicker part list:   Price breakdown by merchant:   Benchmarks:   CPU: Intel Core i5-4670 3.4GHz Quad-Core Processor  ($209.99 @ Amazon)   CPU Cooler: NZXT Kraken X40 98.3 CFM Liquid CPU Cooler  ($82.98 @ Outlet PC)   Motherboard: ASRock Z87 Extreme4 ATX LGA1150 Motherboard  ($149.99 @ Newegg)   Memory: G.Skill Ripjaws X Series 8GB (2 x 4GB) DDR3-1600 Memory  ($68.99 @ NCIX US)   Storage: Samsung 840 Series 120GB 2.5" Solid State Disk  ($94.99 @ NCIX US)   Storage: Western Digital Caviar Black 1TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive  ($108.99 @ Dell Small Business)   Video Card: EVGA GeForce GTX 770 2GB Video Card  ($415.91 @ Newegg)   Case: NZXT Phantom (White) ATX Full Tower Case  ($79.99 @ Newegg)   Power Supply: SeaSonic 650W 80 PLUS Gold Certified ATX12V / EPS12V Power Supply  ($79.99 @ Newegg)   Operating System: Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium SP1 (OEM) (64-bit)  ($89.98 @ Outlet PC)   Total: $1381.80   (Prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when available.)   (Generated by PCPartPicker 2013-07-30 19:43 EDT-0400)
1	You make a lot of good points. I agree that the system is flawed there is no denying that. However when I am judging a case I personally look at everything. If the other players were being toxic to the player first I wouldn't punish them. If it was an obvious duo butt hurt about a jungle not ganking I wouldn't punish. When you say that they were from 6 months ago well they do take the worst reports and present them. The person more than likely had multiple reports on them recently but the one from 6 months ago was the worst. If the other reports were even close to as bad he surely deserves a punish. I doubt the cases have sat there for 6 months its just those were the worst ones out of all of them. If we could see every game, whether it was 20 games or what not you would have a better idea of what you were dealing with, but less people would do the tribunal with 20 games to read. So when I am presented with the cases of 5 games I think ok this guy must have had a lot of reports against him other than these 5. Its not like he had 5 games reported in the span of 2 years, that just wouldn't make sense and the tribunal guide state this does not happen. Maybe I'm not making a difference as an individual. But if there are others like me judging fairly than perhaps as a group we are. If no one did the tribunal the state of league would be a lot worse off than it is now. If I'm in plat and a guy who was toxic gets banned then its going to take a while for him to get back up to that point where he was banned from. Is he going to risk getting banned again and having to do it again. The majority of people would surely try to correct that behavior. Its the same deal as the judicial system, guy has 1 minor offense gets slap on the wrist. Multiple small infractions results in a harsher punishment, if he does even worse he goes to jail for a period of time. Depending on the circumstances I doubt this man would want to go back to jail so tries his best to stay out of trouble. I'm not saying the population of this world is perfect, but if even a few people whether its in league or in real world change their ways its definitely an improvement. You have to remember everything has flaws. But saying that the system does nothing is honestly for lack of a better word ignorant. Lets look at another example, children. When your child does something wrong you don't harshly punish them right away because that's cruel. You give them a light talking to. If bad behavior continues then its time to take action on a punishment. Adding up all their bad behavior for a proper punishment. The punishment would probably have to correlate with the worst things they have done. You aren't going to ground them for 2 weeks for simply screaming and refusing,to do something. But if they took a sharpie and drew dicks all over the house its punishment time.
0	If you're going to not tip for bad service, at least leave a note or something explaining what was bad about the service.  That will do two things, first it will tell your server what they did wrong so they can correct it (assuming they care).  Second, it will set you a part from the people who "don't believe in tipping."   I worked at a Golden Corral for a few summers during college serving (it sounds bad but it is actually the best place to serve in my opinion) since it is a buffet the servers didn't take orders and weren't responsible for the food so tips were basically based on how clean you kept customer's tables, how full you kept their drinks, and how people friendly you could be.  There were servers who knew the bad tippers as soon as they walked in the door.  No one wanted to serve them but someone had to, if they sat at your table you got stuck with them.  The advice other servers gave was to rush them out, they'd subtlety push them along in their meal with questions like "looks like you're about ready for dessert, would you like some coffee to go with it?"
1	yes, but they didn't buy him in the beginning because he wasn't interesting. He was dark and foreboding, and didn't look very lifelike. So you have Kogmaw that jokes around and is messy and has a penguin waddle.. its cute.   They have said in the past they are avoiding something like Skarner/Urgot because it just doesn't attract people/help people bond w said champion. That's why they never pushed forward wit hthe Hydralisk-esque champion. They said they couldn't make him relatable/likeable.
