1	My experience with curse voice is a lot more fun. What I think tho, is that the higher you get in elo the friendlier and more sportsmanlike people tend to get.   I've once had a full curse voice team and it felt like we were doing ranked team full premade. Soon there would be the alpha figure everyone listened to because we all felt he had the best shotcalling. The enemy didn't have a chance for any resistance because we were all on the same line. There wasn't any stubborness just people wanting to win, and winning hard.   Ofcourse I've also had bad experiences with a guy who's TV was so loud I couldn't focus and flamers. But hey, there is this really easy invention, a mute button! And if after that they start flaming ingame? Mute them there aswell! If the flamers notices no one gives a damn about him flaming, then he will stop because he's not getting the attention he's seeking for.
0	I ate a nice big portion of yogurt before going to Ikea once... It was a terrible time to find out I am lactose intolerant...   Being in the middle of the maze, I thought I would never find the bathroom in time, Twice!   Following the arrows is not always the best option. Sometimes they lead you further into the maze. They don't label the quickest way to the bathroom because they want you to shop, otherwise they would have signs for the shortcuts, and tell you the bathroom is quicker to go back the way you came...
1	Let's start a witch hunt against triggs390 he's obviously being paid off by own3d.tv   The destiny thing is obviously not a witch hunt also with other streamers like dyrus, husky, and other prolific streamers confirming that this happens. It's a call to action to help stop this since the streamers themselves can't do anything since they don't have the money to take them to court. We need justice.
1	As a plat player, communication more than often loses game rather than winning. The only important communication you should bother doing is in champion select and pings. I refer to the "typing effect". My teammates or the enemy will often type to their opponents or their allies in a sort of rage or in an effort to make their teammate correct some behavior (Go attack him... Go... Go...Go, etc). This means that the person typing is concentrated on his team and what his teammates are doing rather than himself. You should not have to communicate in this method, and it (in my experience  1k ranked games ) is often detrimental to yourself. Pings are short and concise and get MOST messages across. Want to do baron? Ping. Want to call mia? Send three caution pings from the last known location towards the direction he is going. Want a teammate to attack? Ping the opponent.   This is not to say ALL communication in game via the chat is a bad thing. Certainly, some things help. You should discuss some strategies and what you believe you (please only you, if you tell others what to do they rage in solo queue) can do better while there is downtime, such as walking to lane. But in my experience, communication is more often than not detrimental to the winning state of mind.
0	Chick Fil A employee here! Can't say the same for some of my coworkers, but I come home from work each day pretty rejuvenated from getting to serve you people! I love you guys!
0	Yes, your scar is an issue for some guys. So is your hair color, your ear lobes, your fingernail length, foot shape, bone structure, and literally every feature that you have.   Likewise, a lot of guys won't care about those things, and others will find them attractive.   Stop bitching about your body. You're only as hot as your confidence. I personally have way too much hair. My ass is a bush (I'm a guy) and a full body shave lasts about a week before it's back at forest territory.   Drives me up the wall. Some women hate that shit. Current girlfriend likes it. I got lucky I guess.
0	My daughter loves Monster High and I actually prefer them over Bratz or Barbie for somewhat specific reasons. I feel like the outcome of both the barbie and bratz universe is basically that everything always works out in the end, start a band? now you have a record deal, start a fashion line? it's top selling, want to be a princess? well turns out you were one all alone. Monster High actually revolves more around friends helping each other out and how by working together you overcome things. It actually deals with social issues but with a monster twist like when they segregated the vampires and werewolves, or dealt with long standing prejudice with humans....As you can tell I watch a lot of Monster High as like I said my 6 year old daughter loves the movies and of all the animated "girl centered" animated movies I prefer Monster High the most.
1	That's not what it says. But it's pretty close.   The Graph shows how much average gold a role should be getting. Same as during the Midshotgg era of CLG they took a lot of gold from mid, Nintendude gets way less gold than should be "average." Basically what this means is, while Oddone would be getting an ancient golem and locket, Nintendude would barely finish his ancient golem.
1	I really, really fucking hate this ADC meta right now. It's like Doublelift said in his vlog - no one finds it fun to just get melted in 3 auto attacks by a Caitlyn or a Tristana.  No one . I understand Riot wanted more diversity in ADC picks and felt that Lucian was crowding other ADCs out, but honestly he's one of the most interesting ADCs to play and to play against. He outplays you, he doesn't just walk up to you and -boom- you're dead. Same with Vayne, Ezreal, Graves, etc. These are the type of ADCs that require dueling prowess to play, because you can't simply right click a target and watch them melt away. ADC wasn't exceptionally weak before this patch, it just lacked a diverse champion pool. If there were more ADCs such as the aforementioned strong/interesting picks then these changes would have been completely unnecessary. Rebuffing unhealthy hyper carries/auto attack bots doesn't make for a healthy player experience for either team.   All of this being said, I very seriously hope they revert the changes made to Bloodthirster or at least reduce the cost. In its current state its just useless as an ADC item and Infinity Edge first item is just simply better, even on carries like Lucian who used to go BT first item. Why go for a BT when you can spend 300g more and win lane through lucky crits sprinkled into your trades?
1	At some random point I decided i just didnt want to be Bronze anymore, there goes my free time -.-' I went on like a 7 winning spree and got from bronze IV to III in 1 day. I guess i was just really lucky (I just rode the freeelo train on zed...) I played Jungle for my very first time and i kinda liked it, then played first time top with zed again and liked it even more, then i played with garen op(also top) and went ham 13-4, im still going but i cant play because of school and stuff :/ My advice to you? Play more roles and try to be atleast neutral, dont give free kills and try to help the other lanes as much as you can. Also my last tip is this  It actually helped me a lot! The people tried their best and got responses leading to ensured wins. Best luck in the fields of justice my friend and fellow bronzie :3 I hope we both get out of this as soon as possible   Sorry for bad englando
1	This may be controversial, but I'm taking a breather, so here goes.   Lore is not, and never will be, the best reason to play League. It's always kind of sucked. The sheer variety of champions, settings, and change means that the lore team will always be relying heavily on tropes, to which we can bring prior understandings. Janna is a particularly familiar trope/cliche- that's why her story sucks. It gives us no new interest or information.   in fact, champions are explicitly built on tropes. When champion designers are asked, "Where did you get inspiration for Lucien (for example,)" they usually respond with something like, "We thought it would be really cool to have a gun templar in the league." Thats a trope, we all recognize it. And thats where any power it might have comes from. Because its certainly not from his 500 word lore page.   Reliance on tropes means that there is less storytelling that needs to be done, because we bring to the characters an understanding of who they are and how they act, gleaned from familiar archetypes and analogues in other media.   But, the kicker is THATS OK. Lore will always, at most, be flavor to add to core gameplay experiences. I'd much rather there be a robust esports scene, good gameplay balance, and a new champ every month or two than a good story. If I want a story, I like to read books. Or watch movies. Both of those media are better for storytelling than (most) videogames, atm. Let alone a MOBA, which as storytelling restrictions inherent to the form.
1	I was baiting. I could have easily flashed over to Baron pit. I didn't notice my team was waiting there when I flashed over to red. It happened so quickly. I doubt I could beat a Teemo 1v1. I main Soraka support (used to?) and the best I did was 1v1 fed Jayce 12-4-XX (when he was OP near release) I won. It should be somewhere in my replays. I've also went up against 1v1 ADCarries and won several times.
0	Over half a decade of talking to an internet friend, we degenerated into only ever using ;P and ;p. This, in turn, made our conversations become more and more hostile over the years as it seemed we were always having a go at each other. One day I just said, hey, we have a problem. It was like a dating talk but with a guy. Since that day we haven't used those emoticons.. hang on, I just realised text smilies aren't really emoticons but yeah whatever, we're here now. Yeah, we only use the non-winky versions, i.e. :P :p, and things have never been better.
0	Yeah that makes sense. Although, even with the meetings, the work week shouldn't exceed four days. It seems to me that our lives are spent slaving away at work 5 out of 7 days of the week, and then spend the two days we get off fixing any issues within our own household. That doesn't seem enjoyable to me. I hate that society has taken everything to extremes, life in America no longer seems to be laid back and enjoyable.
1	you fail to understand my point to a level that cannot be described.   yeah im bad in english not cause im young but cause im not from an english speaking country.   the core of the meta stopped shifting for a year and an half...   the way its played changed but thats another matter.   allistar in the jungle is ok hes still a support even if you play him jungle... yeah support jungle never heard of it... ??? gank more then your farm cause you dont rrlly need the farm but then again this farm is wasted durr   ITS STILL FOLLOW THE GOD DAMN META ....   and taric top played as a bruiser IS FOLLOWING THE META but i doubt that a taric will ever do the damage of a riven or wukong or yorick or gankplank in a team figth   GTFO . your the one that fail to understand my point i played jungle allistar when noone did i played shyvanna on release i played shyvanna as an ad carry...   as i said your arrogant and assume your the only one that think in the community and the only one that wanna try new thing... WTF dude you belitteling atleast 50% of the community. stop thinking you understand this game you dont even ... knowledge cant win you game if your the only one with knowledge... thats why the meta exist in solo queu   if you wanna try new thing try it in premade CAUSE that is really the only efficient way to try new thing NOW Stop it you are wrong...i dotn need argument for that   i think you fail to realize that we alrdy understood everythign theory in the game... only new champion are yet to be understood fully.   in theory lol is simple much more simple then starcraft theyre are less variable   in pratice its another story they both ahve theyre difficulties but thats pratice   and trying new thing is done everyday by tons of people and the core of the meta does not change... CAUSE IT WORK VERY WELL   core of the meta being   solo top bruiser/ap w/e just solo top   mid solo   duo bot mostly ad/supprot cause thats the best lane for your ad   and jungle   with 5 champion that go well together and a strategy in mind... thats the meta for me.. theyres many different comp and strat..   you may want to focus your killing on bot... soo you take champ that can gank bot more easely or put champ bot that can initiate bot gank more easely for exemple or you run a kill lane w/e....   your just assuming people are stuck in the meta based on solo/duo queu experience wich make no sense cause the meta is different at every level of play   team meta is different from solo meta   and then theyre 500 elo meta( trynd mid) and 2100 elo meta(  w/e is more safe and have more chance to lead to victory)   and tournament meta...   theyres normal game meta
0	For sure. There's also the problem of false balance.   I once shot a news story about the govt increasing accessibility for people with disabilities. There was a protest outside of about 15 people who felt the govt wasn't doing enough. I shot wide shots showing how many people were there and a bunch of other coverage, close ups of the wheelchair wheels rolling in-line etc.   We interviewed the protest organiser at their home. They were pretty-much nuts and out of a 15min interview we got 1 coherent 15second clip.   My reporter and I went back and told our news director the story about the protest was bunk. He told us 'we have to show both sides'. Honestly he may have been just trying to justify burning resources to cover the story, but that's a big problem.
1	Streamers as Role Models     I'll agree that streams are primarily about entertainment (as that's intrinsically linked to their profitability), but the overall demeanor of the professionals acts as a basic litmus test for the community as a whole. For somebody just learning about LoL, if they watch a streamer act like a jackass, that informs their initial judgements about LoL. This act of contextualization is important for how that individual might act if they decide to play. If success in LoL is seen as winning games (or at least not losing), and part of being a professional is an ability to win games, imitating professionals should be seen as linked.   For those not in the LoL scene, how professionals act is the fastest way to make judgements about the character of the players. People already complain about this game having a poor community, and poorly acting professionals will not assist.     LoL as a Major Sport     I don't know if the community wants LoL/eSports to become "Sport"y, but there is something to say about wanting the eSports scene to be respectable. For us the players, it helps to justify using our time in game. For the corporations involved, greater levels of respect will turn into a greater ability to advertise and, eventually, make money.
1	1000 RP isn't even a lot of RP. Get a fucking job and get the RP yourself. You don't have to support the company who makes your game. People run the company you oh so love and adore and support. People make mistakes and out of all the time they have been up, they make 1 notable mistake for their service.   Grow the fuck up and move on. I'd rather sit in a queue waiting to play and have champions than have only free champions (none of which I even like to play)
0	That post is fairly old, and I've definitely progressed beyond it well. I've had multiple meaningful relationships since, but the core of what I said I still believe whole heartedly.
0	Hi, A bit of unsolicited advice from a man who was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 9, in 1984, and just finished a Masters degree this year.  I really don't believe that boys should be medicated before the age of 9 or 10 in any case, because males in particular tend to be kinetic learners. So I think that you not medicating your son until the age of 9 has been a good step.   A word about medication (note: I am neither a doctor, or biochemist, so this might not be 100% exact.)  Most of the common ADHD Medication are a class calledDopamine uptake inhibitors. (Ritalin, Concerta, and Adderall)  They work by preventing your body from reabsorbing extracellular dopamine by boding to the receptors.  Dopamine is needed by neurones in order to fire, and they cannot fire when there is no extra cellular Dopamine.  So these drugs work to stimulate brain activity, which seems counter intuitive.   I think the best description of ADHD is "leaky brakes"  This is to say your son, knows what he should do, wants to do it, but he can't quite put the brakes on his brain to do what he should.  This is where Meds come in.  By using a stimulant, the inhibitory parts of the brain, are strengthened.  To continue with the analogy, there is more break fluid in the brakes.  In these situations where you need will power, Meds are wonderful. Awesome. Amazeballs! etc.   But inhibitory processes are only part of what your son faces.  The other part deals with executive function.  This is where the horsepower in his brain is transferred into toque for his mental wheels.  This is where coping strategies are essential.  No amount of current medication can help with this.  This is where he needs to find what works for him.   I have one rule when it comes to ADHD.  I call it "Anyway you can."  Your son will face challenges, and both you and he need to know, that trying harder does not work.  He needs to try different.  There are very few set in stone rules that work here, you and he need to try differently.  If he has trouble getting ready in the morning, make sure he has a short list. (prioritizing is part of executive function) if he can't sit and do math homework, let him do three minutes of math and two minutes of moving.  (Standing stools work better for me than chairs so I can fidget.)  Try different things with him and see what sticks.  If meds work, use them, if exercise works, do it (exercise releases extracellular dopamine)  and while it might be natural to focus on areas of weakness, help him find and excel in areas he has strengths in as well.   If you take one piece of advice from me let this be it.  Try everything, and keep using what works, don't limit yourself to any one ideology.
0	e.g "This is such bullshit and I'm pissed and shit and police fucking suck!!! #fuckthapolice" and "This is such bullshit and I'm pissed and shit and police fucking suck!!!
0	Background and Story   I’ll post this as a comment and will just link to it when folks ask for the story.  It’s been explained to me that this is the proper reddit etiquette.   I was just hired to a new company.   I’ve been there since the middle of December.  I don’t have a place to sit in the local office, they’re going to move me to the main office quite a few states away once I deliver some key local projects.   So I’ve been squatting from place to place.  I ended up being told I could share this guy’s office.  I’ll refer to him as the Cancer Guy (or CG for short) since he made that comment.   So, I’m there, in this small room.  He has a desk off to one side and I have a corner table that’s actually behind him.  Now, he could have moved shit around to make so I had to sit in front of him, but he didn’t.   I walk in and he alt-tabbed out of a screen pretty quickly and I see its reddit.  So I start the conversation to get to know him.  Oh, you reddit?   He then asks me if I reddit and give a partial truth.  I tell him I have an author’s account for writing hobby.  I have self-published two novels and some short stories and we talked about that.  In fact he even bought one of my books (no I won’t share that as I don’t want my r/l linked to this account).  Edit to this he actually bought everything I’ve written…damn… okay, I owe him next lunch.   He shows me his account, what he’s doing, and some other guy he’s arguing with that he’s “about to let have it”.   Then I leave to do work, and am off by myself sitting on a con call for a meeting and I make a meme.   It blew up.  I never thought it’d make front page but it did.   And he saw it.  He saw it that night when he was at home.   He freaks out.  He copies all my stuff from my account and then deletes his account.   Then I go to work the next morning.   I walked into his office this morning set my laptop up to start checking shit and he just looks at me with this weird grin and says "Well, good morning Goblin Dick Smasher".   I was like "oh shit, well, let’s get this done" and I start talking to him about it.   He kept it secret that he had taken copies of my stuff until we were at lunch.  He said he was really afraid of me getting him fired and he wanted a “mutually assured destruction” option.   I told him if I wanted to get him fired I’d end up being fired as well since I’d have to share my account as proof, and losing a brand new job and that wasn’t on my to-do list.  That I’d rather deal with him honestly, with honor and integrity and he liked the idea and deleted his stuff while I watched.  And I know, how do I know he doesn’t have copies?  I believe him.   We ended up going to lunch and talked a lot.  This is in the morning, lunch, and at times in between while I worked.  I’m a project manager and he’s a developer so right now I’m way busier than he is, he’s also fucking brilliant at his job.  The reason he’s at the smaller company is interesting.   But, we talked about why the vitriol on his arguments and he honestly didn’t know.  HE talked about himself and his life a lot.  He doesn’t have any friends outside of the MMO’s he plays.  He was married, met a woman in the PI, married her, had two kids, when she was a citizen she divorced him and them moved across the country.  He didn’t handle that very well, didn’t get a lawyer, which he should have, and she took him for everything, including 60% of his pay to child support.  She’s married now to someone else and he never sees his kids.   This is why I think, and he thinks I’m probably right, he’s mean to people on-line.  He can’t be mean to people in person, but he has to get it out.   His way out of the debilitating money was to become unemployed and then argue for a reduction.  So 60% of what his unemployment was is what he was paying for.  He also argued for visitation, bus since he was remote he couldn’t get in person, but the judge agreed to open communication and summer vacation with him.   He then got another job and got a place for them to stay at when they’re with him.  They don’t want to come, they aren’t happy when they’re with him, and they are happy to go back home.  Thing is, this guy is a genius at what he does, but has zero social capability, and has zero notion of how to be a dad much less a single parent for a summer vacation.   Anyway, I’m digressing from the point.  The other guy, the IT guy, CG knows he’s a slimy guy.  But IT Man is a one-guy IT shop for a small company and is  heavily  relied upon by the owner.  I don’t have the time in service with this company nor the confidence of the owner just yet to be able to fix that.  Just yet.  And I’m too new to try and do some “get someone fired” stuff.  So I’m going to let it go and table it for a time when I am in the position to do something about it.   Now,
1	Yeah but I'm pretty sure they pay their CSGO team pretty well (Forest don't come cheap) so you can't just take money out of CSGO and put it into the LoL team. On top of that you need to think about how much money they poured into the LoL team with the belief of not only getting into the LCS but likely staying there for at least 2 splits.   Going back we have when they  bought  Lemondogs spot (Which they then lost).  Then they got the team of arguably the best players they could find (who would likely also not come cheap - Zoro, Mithy, Nuke etc.) because if they were cheap they would just go to the  much  better offer  IN THE LCS . Fast forward a bit and we have them pick up Alex and Freeze. I'm not sure about Freeze but I know the deal with Alex would have been pricey as they not only got the gaming house  and payed for an analyst who gets more than the players do  but they got Alex an apartment for him and his family.
0	you know what's worse? In middle school I was a pretty big kid and I was able to pick smaller people up by holding their neck with both hands and slowly picking them up. I only did this to friends or acquaintances who asked me to do this. Well one school dance I thought I saw my friend and did this to him from behind without asking him. It was some random guy I didn't know. I was like oh shit but the guy was like oh shit too and he was cool about it.
1	Haha morons, first off i am bronze 3 in solo Q after 800ranked matches, nice system riot. well and i am challangar on ranked 3v3 cuz i can play with no retards (i have onli played 5games but still).
0	That's what my experience was like but then I found the joy of subreddits. There's so many of them that you can easily find one that lets you participate without feeling like the guy trying to jump into the middle of a conversation. Plus smaller communities generally are free from the social pressures of the rest of the hivemind so you can just talk about stuff without feeling the need to shove memes down people's throats just to get noticed.
1	thats a fucking block of text.
1	Honestly, I really think SR is in a very good place right now.   If you look at the history of DotA, for a while there, every professional match was an 80 minute+ rice fest because it was the safest way to play. You could turtle forever until your hard carry had 6 divine rapiers and enough gold to buy back 10 times straight. A bunch of changes happened (buyback cooldowns, etc.), and now midgame pressure and timing is a lot more important than pure carrying power. Carries like Trax (becomes insanely strong at level 16, then scales off after that) and Lycan (strongest at ~minute 20) dominate the meta, and characters like Dusa (who needs 3-4 items before she's even a threat) are no longer played because the game is likely over by the time she has those items. It made the game for the better.   While shortening the game did a lot for DotA, I don't think Icefrog could play with the idea of shortening games even more. Shortening games to the 20-30 minute mark, I believe (and this all my opinion), would reduce the level of complexity of the game, and I think that's bad. Part of the fun of this style of game is the complexity, opening up multiple strategy paths to achieve victory. Could the game be fun if it was simple? I think so. Would it be more fun? I wouldn't want to play it.   Right now, the average professional LoL game is between 30-40 minutes. I don't think you can reduce that time very much without removing a lot of the depth of professional play. While 60 minute farm fests aren't fun, I feel that the current game length is at a pretty good place, and I just don't feel games can get any shorter without impacting depth and strategy.
0	I actually read that stickied post before the admins went full retard with the ban hammer. In it, the mods explained the situation and said they'd remove all of those pics and keep them off the subreddit, and as far as I know they succeeded in that endeavor.
0	Stop. Wait a minute. I am no Hillary fan, but I am also no Jeb Bush fan. You are clearly creating a false dichotomy while co-opting America's beloved green frog. There are many other options in the whole political spectrum besides Billary and Jebediah, and I wholeheartedly encourage all of Reddit and all of the legal voting people of the US to find a candidate that reflects their views as to where this nation should be going.
1	Because Riot doesn't have to answer to any promises they've made. I think it's rather smart, as a company who is slow on all forms of development, to not make promises as the Compendium does. I feel like if they TOLD people explicitly who/what/when/where/why, they would deliver.   For example, they only say what the next champion is, not when they'll be released. They only say there is a replay system in the works, and try to give a really far off guesstimate (probably in hopes we'd forget.)   Not trying to excuse Riot's downfalls, just pointing out that not every company has to work the same in order to have community acceptance.   Plus, Valve is a much older company than Riot. We're approaching Riot's sixth year(?) as a video game producer. It's hard to get mad at a company which, despite all its money, is yet to find it's footing. I'm pretty sure Riot is moving its HQ into a much bigger, better complex within the next two years or so, probably to expand its departments to improve its efficiency.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
0	I'm black and I agree with this meme. When I was a kid, I always felt really embarrassed when other black kids would act stupid and obnoxious at the local pools and ruin shit for everyone else. Honestly, this was one of the reasons I didn't go to local water parks all that much as a kid; they were always there, every goddamn time.
1	I used to carry myself as Thresh from pretty much Plat to Challenger before Morgana became the thing. Personally I think Thresh is still pretty low in lower elos because of the ability to simple keep someone CC'd for long time, get someone hooked from afar, and simply lantern someone who would otherwise be dead. Morgana is good counter to Thresh, but personally I think that Morgana is hard to play well against Thresh, if Thresh is good, he can play around your spellshield by simply waiting. Lulu is really good for poke lanes like caitlyn or ezreal.
1	A diamond? Got stomped in bronze? With Kat?   Either he literally only trolled the whole game or you're lying. Bronzies and Silveries do so many mistakes in lane that even with a "new champ" taking advantage of them and of their predictable patterns is super easy. I'm Silver III (fresh out of placements, looking to climb) and had a Diamond 5 coaching me. His game knowledge and mechanics were so much better than mine that he could stomp me in lane with anything versus anything, since he could take advantage of my mistakes. Positional mistakes, minion wave control mistakes, skill usage and cooldown management mistakes, lane control mistakes, reaction times.   And if your buddy is Diamond, it's also impossible that he didn't at least have basic knowledge of what Kat does. Kat doesn't even have that bad of a laning phase, just hit Q and gain farm + free harass at 0 cost. Map awareness, vision control and decision making being the one of a Diamond, he could've stomped solely based on roams too, so even if he got camped he wouldn't've been stomped.
1	I lost my first 15~ish games and dropped to 800 elo, never gave up and pulled myself up to 1300 in the months after that. When I heard that your eligibility for rewards would be determined by top and not current rating and that gold rating had been lowered to 1500, I immediately put on my carry pants and supported my way to 1535. I felt so happy about getting gold, despite it being cheapened so much (really, from 1800 to 1500?).
1	I've been forced into every single role while playing ranked. People should worry less about what their "main" is and more about being at least competent no matter where they go. If you always call mid, you don't practice everything else, and you're gonna get stomped when you have to go elsewhere.   I'm not saying you have to be equally good in every role. I focus more on having three or four champs I'm good at PER ROLE, rather than being excellent at only one role. That way you can try to pick a matchup you can handle, no matter where you'd forced.
1	The meta used to be 2 top, 1 mid, and 2 bottom, with some roam. Then people discovered some champs could survive in the jungle at level 1, and Riot liked this. Season 1 Championship, European teams were the first to introduce the adc/support bot lane, which was quickly proven as the best. That's sort of the
1	I guess I will be one of the first people to say no. I got diamond early in the season, was anywhere from d2 to d5. I knew I'd never get challenger, so ranked to me just became a highly competitive place to practice mechanics. If the only reason I win my lane is because I got free kill and snowball from a d/c, then I get nothing out of that game. If it happens to me I am sure they will kill me, but in a game where I am lagging I don't expect to win anyways. If you are concerned about climbing the ladder, then of course kill them everytime. Just know that in tournaments you can't expect a d/c to get you a win, especially with the pause feature.
0	So this post is about people knowing they are ruining something and then blaming it on someone else? Yeah sounds about right. If you don't like the price take it to a laundry mat. That price is probably that high because students kept ruining washing machines and bitching that it costs $2 so now it's $6.50 so they can buy new washers after you ruin them.
1	This should summerize why madreds is not suited for Warwicks 'kit'   WW specalizes in being tanky, and still having that flat % of targets max HP on his Q. If you get a wits end, that gives you the AS you need and extra 42 magic damage per hit, and the AS benefiting your passive hitting more as well.   Frozen heart gives amazing armor, AS debuff for the enemy AD, and 20% CDR. Cooldown reduction is important for him because his ult is what defines him as a champ. Have that up 20% sooner, and you just became 20% more useful. That CDR also allows more Q spam on the enemy, which again is flat % of targets HP, which more then makes up for damage given by madreds. And the AS debuff goes along perfectly for what WW's main job is in a team fight. Taking care of the enemy AD carry (but sometimes AP carry if they are more of a threat and not super tanky). Building WW tanky allows him to dive past all 4 enemy team mates, and get right onto that AD carry (using ignite while your ult is going off) and Q'ing them right after. By this point they should be very injured, and forced to back off, or die from a few more hits from you, or likely your teammates finishing them off (Everytime I dive, I never get the kill, someone else always finishes it QQ)   Madreds is % of max hp per hit, but when your job is to ult their squishy carry, they don't have the max HP to make it worth it.   Want to finish off your CDR to 40%? Assuming you have the CDR/lvl from defensive mastery tree, you just get a spirit visage, which is more MR thus more tankyness, and that 10% CDR (I lied, FH+spirit+mastery is 38.1% but shh it's close enough)   When you look at frozen mallet it's not ideal for his job, because ulting a carry in a team fight,if the carry does live and runs, you don't chase because you already pushed them out of the fight, and you're better off turning back to the other 4 people whom your team should be fighting (if they went in after you ulted like they should be doing) and tada the carry even if they escape is neutralized in the fight. If they come back... then they are stupid because you Q them and laugh.   Why ignite over exhaust? Because for the same reason as frozen mallet, slowing the enemy isn't something WW needs as much as other champs do. His increased movement speed from E in most cases allows you to chase when needed. Plus with that nifty CDR you have, your ult is on very short cooldown, it is likely up and you don't even need to catch up to melee range on your target. But if you do need to, you can just have to run a little bit more and make sure you're not getting baited to death. I may have said this already but ignite is awesome because you can use it while you're ulting a target. Plus if going against another champ like vlad, or sion, you can make sure that your sustain beats theirs if it's a duel to the finish. (My favorite match up for WW in top lane is to fight vlads, always a good laugh) (Exhaust maybe if you have to lane top vs Kennen which is a nasty lane to deal with as is, and Exhausting them when he ults allowing you to flash/run away helps.)   Sorry for the long post, I ment it to be short, but I LOVE warwick, and using this kind of setup just makes it so much fun when you can tank people like a boss if you get early tanky items. Sometimes frozen heart before wits end is a good idea. I did it to a trynd yesterday and was laughing at the fact his hits didn't move my HP bar. So I just wanted to spread the warwick love.   P.S. The guardian angle is also an amazing item on him, but generally not build early on, if you get to late game it's awesome seeing as you have to dive into a pile of 5 enemys to get to their carry. There is a good chance you could die after completing your job as the rest of your team is beating down the enemy and laughing at the fact they focused WW when they came to back him up.   P.P.S >I've never been a huge fan of spirit visage   Your quote from another comment. I cry. Because I used to think it was not worth it, but for the price of it, the extra MR tankyness, the increased sustain on your Q + passive hits does really add up. And that CDR is exactly what you need to finish your CDR items to bring you up to the previously mentioned 38.1%
1	and...what? have you been banned? how do you know they reported you? League is a game that brings all sorts of people together from disparate places and many of those people rage, and many don't. You can hardly say that this is "what the community has become" based on a single game with 9 people you've never met and might never meet again.   Writing reports is pretty bothersome when 1) the tribunal is down and 2) you want to queue up for another match and don't really care about what happened in the previous one, which I will say is my attitude and is one i've had that's fairly prevalent. Even on my most toxic days, back when I raged because I thought it would help, I only ever got RIOT's little warning thingy once.
1	The role doesn't really matter... If you are far superioir to your enemies you Will carry the game... Imyself onlybplay ad on my main, but I can carry low elo(under 1.5k) with about 90% win ratio, and having some 70-80% wins until 1.9k elo. (based on elos before the soft reset)   Just play that one role you are superior on, my roles other than sd carry I can easily carry until 1.8k but not above that since I suck on them D:
1	As a plat who is currently sitting in the middle of golds and occasionally silvers (and actually unrankeds too)...   If you live up to the ELO bracket that you are at, we won't complain.   Usually the first thing I call out a silver bracket player for is their attitude in game. The amount of complaining on average. When somebody suggests trundle support, instant complaining. Gold players might say that it's stupid, and plat players might say "no" or just not anything at all, but silver players will cry about it instantly.   The next thing is map awareness and throws and the like. At higher ELOs, we expect big macro game decisions to be obvious (and tbh, this is the most identifying factor of elo brackets last season), and when a game is thrown because your silver player keeps getting caught with his pants down late game or seen bot lane when baron's up or refuses to back/heal/buy before the other team rushes baron because he wants to farm jungle, it is actually the silver player's fault and this type of inconsistency in the games irks us to the greatest degree.   The same shit also applies to mechanics that should have been learned (a move is the main one here, but stuff like poorly timed (read impatient) AoE ults count too). If we lose a teamfight because your silver player who belongs in silver doesn't know how to teamfight....   To me, at least for the first few weeks, I will judge you by your badge first, then your s3 elo. Last season I climbed to plat twice, and the elo reset didn't magically make silver or gold players better.   so yea
1	One play style means you do not adjust when the other team does something, which leads to you using an ineffective strategy and thus feeding.  On the other hand, this play style will work some of the time and help lead you to victory.  It is all about adjusting your playstyle for consistency in winning.  Of course, this only applies to one person; if the whole team doesn't adjust, then it doesn't matter if you feed or carry really well.
1	I just perfer Japan because it has a lot more cultural stuff, and cherry blossoms
1	Go flip a regular coin 10 times. Did you get heads and tails 5 times each? Probably not. It's possible to get heads 9 times and tails 1 time. Just like it's possible to get a troll on your team more than half the time even though the chances of that happening are low. It's also possible to win the lottery after buying just a few tickets even though that's almost impossible.   Now think about 10000 people each playing 9 games of league with a troll on either team. According to you, everyone will have a troll on their team 4 times and play against a troll 5 times. This is simply not true. It's entirely possible that someone will play against 9 trolls or have 9 trolls on their team.
1	As far as I know: Ranked 5s Team-MMR is calculated by every individual player's-MMR (in Ranked 5s) in the team. Everybody of us got another own individual MMR for ranked 5s queue. That's how teams get placed into plat1 after 5-0 placement matches. I'm Plat 1 with ~Dia3 MMR in SoloQ right now. But I didn't play alot premade 5s. Means, if I q-up with people like me, I will prolly get matched with low soloQ-MMR players, even if I'm 1 or 2 leagues above them. I hope you're able to understand me... I had huge problems to explain my thoughts :/
0	I was in college at the time, but my father worked at home and at the office for a giant production company. He got a T1 line installed to our house to do simulations while at home (company paid for it). He needed it to size his reactors, distillation columns, heat exchangers, etc.
1	I originally thought it stemmed from Fabbyyy the Gatekeeper. But now I'm thinking it may have something to do with splitpushing and backdooring their inhibs to flood their base with super minions, i.e. opening the gates for the super minions.
