1	He emphasizes everything wrong with CertainlyBoopity's design patterns, starting with his entire theme: dark, edgy, lone samurai. Yasuo is the epitome of "designed for straight males." His kit then gives him all the tools to be a complete douche from the start of the game until the Nexus explodes:   0 cool down dashes that make it so he gets to chase you or "juke" you as long as he wants; a shield that charges up as he's doing this; the "double crit" passive that breaks item choices for him and turns him into a monster if he gets the slightest lead; then there's the fact that he's a melee carry with the hardest CC in the game, knockups. Yasuo was built from scratch to emphasize the entire CoD fantasy: doing shit loads of damage with high mobility and little to no counterplay (i.e. Being the hero). And I haven't even gotten into his wall.   Aside from his kit, there's the people who play him. I know I shouldn't generalize a champion's playerbase, but fuck it, I'm already biased against Yasuo and all of CertainlyBoopity's monstrosities; I haven't seen a juvenile playerbase as immature as Yasuo's since Tryndamere was popular. I bet if you were to count the number of all chat messages sent by champion, Yasuo would be in the top 5. He's a champion that makes you feel like you're outplaying an opponent (sort of like release Vayne and Nocturne) even though you're just playing a broken champion.
0	i mean, im not bold enough to ask for a three some with another couple, however, i have asked others to do that with my SO and i. but that all depends on how close you are in the friendship and whatnot, that part varies per person.   as far as the sperm donor thing, dont just say OK because youre a nice guy!!! that's a HUGE thing. no matter how close you are, if you arent comfortable donating, dont do it just because she begs you or youre best of friends. besides the fact of you having a kid that truly wouldnt be yours, you'd be seeing the child and that may get strange for everyone. and by all means dont do it because your friend is the one getting pregnant(you may have an idea that you and her are having a child together when really that isnt the case and its just a creepy way to think of it all). sorry to rant..
1	He talked a lot about the compendium, but the biggest criticism was never even adressed.  The compendium, if it had been done by any other company (let's say EA) would have been heavy criticized, but since it's Valve and we love valve it's a great idea.  As we all know, the prize pool for the international is just marketing. Their prizepool is basically the whole marketing budget for the whole year, and this year they just thought "why don't we make our players pay for the budgetting of our game?" Now, that's messed up, and it's even worse when you realize that they made us pay for the marketing at a 4:1 ratio.  Now, they were also very smart in that they also added a lot of new features for the game. Why is this bad? Because they were feature that were already coming, just added to the game as a way to make you think "holy hell I gotta buy this". This also gives them a way to live beta those features.
1	I realize this is an incomplete answer, but something that helps me keep cool is explicitly distinguishing between areas that affect me versus areas I am able to affect.   Here's a (albeit cheesy) framework we can use to categorize events in our life:   Circle of Concern: All things that matter to us in some way.   Circle of Influence: Things we can do something about.   [Illustration](   Our Circle of Influence is both within and significantly smaller than our Circle of Concern. Areas of our life which fall within our Circle of Concern but outside of our Circle of Influence warrant our attention, but we simply are unable to do anything about them (by definition).   Lets take some common things in League that fall within our two circles:   Concern:     I have toxic teammates arguing stubbornly over a lane in draft.        I disapprove of my teammate's unconventional (in my opinion nonviable) champion pick.        I have been counter-picked and have to play a very difficult lane matchup.       My teammate disconnected and I'm forced to play a 4v5.        My bottom lane has been feeding badly during laning phase, and I am now dying as a top-laner to a fed enemy AD carry during teamfights.          (note: These examples are something you could potentially do something about in certain situations, (e.g. politely asking your teammate if they will change their unconventional champion pick) but I feel they illustrate things that may upset us while playing.)   Influence:     I can communicate to my jungler my concerns surrounding my lane matchup and let he or she know I would like an early gank if possible.       I can adjust my build in anticipation of teamfights versus a fed enemy champion from another lane.        I can ignore toxic chat and instead focus on productive discussion that contributes to team coordination.        As a top lane, I can offer to swap with my mid who is having difficulty in a particular matchup.        As a jungler, I can cover mid lane after my teammate AFK's.          We get angry. It happens. The important thing for us to do is ask ourselves:   "Is this something that's in my Circle of Concern or Circle of Influence?"   There will always be many more things in life that affect us than there are things we can do something about. By clarifying which is which, we are able to not waste any unnecessary time and attention in the first area, and we can effectively allocate our limited resources into the second.   Extra notes:   This is not my original idea, but it's something which has been absolutely formative of my attitude in life.   It's true that this framework can be further  parsed into Circle of Concern/Influence/Control, but I believe this is largely unnecessary towards the purpose of this post.
0	Wow, if you think thats the worst part of dating you have had some awesome relationships.
1	Can't agree more with this. People seem to also forget that the Elo algorithm was designed for playing chess, which is completely different to league. League is a team game, so there is sometimes truth to the "my team sucked" attitude, where you might deserve a win, but you don't get it (or equally, when you sucked but got carried). In chess, you win or you lose based on your play and your opponent's play and that's that.   The other thing to consider is the tilting aspect of league. If you go on a loss streak, it can be really difficult to win games. In chess, you don't have that as much, considering how much slower the games are and also the fact that the only person you can blame for losing is yourself; if you concentrate and improve your game, you'll start winning again. That's not always the case with LoL, leading to some really nasty point losses in the Elo system.   Also, I agree entirely that the league system feels more rewarding when you win games, especially when you win promo games. I remember when I had to repeat one set of promo games 11 times, which felt rubbish, but when I finally won them, it was just amazing. They probably also helped out my MMR, so it didn't feel like I was just wasting time.   And yeah, once again, I have to agree that the league points system feels better than the Elo points system. You can really get an idea of how good you are based on your points/league/tier, how much you gain on average and how much you lose on average. Obviously point gains/losses are variable, but you can see when you're gaining more points on average or losing more points on average. With the Elo system, it's sometimes just impossible to understand why you're gaining or losing so much.   I think that most people who want the Elo system back just want to be able to see a "number," to accurately show how good they are (which, by the way, as stated earlier, Elo isn't particularly good for when playing LoL). If you're that bothered, then ask Rito to just give us an MMR-like number. There's no need to go back to Elo.   As for promos between tiers/divisions, I think they're fine. If you keep on losing your promos, it's probably your own fault. I mentioned my 11 promo loss streak earlier. It was frustrating, yes, but I also knew that 1. I was good enough to win them eventually and 2. I won most other promos first or second time round, so why did it matter that I had one set of promos that was taking longer to win?   BTW, FYI, just because I always see "ELO," it's not an acronym! "Elo" is the last name of the guy who developed the algorithm, so you should really write it "Elo" or even "elo" rather than "ELO."
1	Yeah the whole boss thing just doesn't apply here. I'm not going to go up to my manager and act the same way and expect to finish my workday. If I slammed a desk I would probably be escorted out by security with a pink slip. The guys are kids, this shit is bound to happen.
1	I almost purely play support, with the runes to support a few diffrent ones.   In my opinion, the problem is still: "Taric1!1!1!!1!! why you no got any CS!, you noob!"     seriously tho, me this last night...      But yes, learn to either obey order or know who you are playing with and know your own capabilities and issue orders.     This means, if you play AD carry, please learn how the support champs work, Taric has a short range stun, heal and armor buff; normally getthing the armor first. Janna need someone to stay still before she can make them "jump", she also has a shield and a slow. With someone like Janna, you need to not do "stewpid" stuff, without signaling, since she can't heal you. It takes some time to figure out how agressive the person you are playing with are; failing to do so, and them blaming them... It's almost something you want to rage-quit over... :D
1	thats a lot of leaving imo,   i have over 400 wins and 6 leaves, all due to fucked up connection/computer crashed once, and 1 time, just once,   i had to get up and leave due to an emergency,   an easy way to avoid leaves,  is to play when you KNOW you have nough time, and NOT join a match if you have had latancy issues in the last hour,   be considerate, cause when a match is 10 levels in and youre complaining about lag, then leave, it ruins the match for the rest of us.
0	When I was a young, maybe about 10 years old I was in music class in school and was asked to take some duct tape off an extension cord on the floor. It was near Christmas time and I had a delicious candy cane I had in fact sharpened into a death spike.   Well I went to pull the tape off the cord, my hand slipped and hit the candy cane death spike that was in my mouth, driving it about an inch into the roof of my mouth. Immediately blood was pouring out of my mouth and the principle rushed me to the hospital.
0	We don't know, but if a group of well studied historians made an educated guess based on circumstantial and physical evidence, considering all other possibilities, it's a bit more reliable than just throwing around other meanings.
1	Kennen has a safer laning phase. Good in teamfights but easily counterable (exhaust / knock back)   Vlad a lot of the times lose the game in the laning phase, since theres a lot of ways you can counter him, but his late game when farmed is WAY better then kennen's. He provides a lot more after his ult, survives a lot more, can't be targeted by 4 seconds if using zhonyas, a lot more HP, exhaust doesn't really do that much to him, etc.
0	When I was in biology in ninth grade, I sat next to my best friend, who was the biggest fag, I mean seriously. He did more gay things than any person I have ever seen, so I called him a bacteriophaggot, which then turned to phaggot. And then phage. One the teacher over heard and "didn't understand" why I thought it was ok to call someone who wasn't homosexual a fag. I said,  "no sir, he is a phage!"
0	I meant in terms of the "making fun of white people" memes. The Neckbearded guy, the Annoying Facebook girl, they all wouldn't work exactly the same way if they weren't white. Knowing a lot of neckbeards and having a Facebook account myself, I can tell you that I have not met a single black, hispanic, Asian, or any other non-white neckbeard. Also, non-white Facebook idiots act completely different to white Facebook idiots.   Plus, it's really really hard to make fun of white people. We deserve it, mind, we've been dicks for millenia, it's just really f*cking hard. The stereotypes people know for blacks (KFC, watermelon, etc), Asians (drive terrible, squinty eyes, etc), Hispanics (80 children, illegal immigrants, etc), and all the other non-white races have all been around for centuries, and society hasn't been integrated long enough for other races to make their own general, sweeping stereotypes. And the ones that they do have, are generally weak as hell.
0	I finally have a relevant story for you all. Ok, me and my buddy and our dates were in Downtown Indianapolis 4 years ago. Around Christmas.  This guy confronts us saying his car is in the shop and has a broken rim and his debit card got locked and his dad is sick and he works at Purdue as a floor scrubber ect ect. My buddy gives him like 7 dollars cash and we go about our way. I assumed he was a pan - handler to begin with but oh well.   Forward to this year. Me and my Fiancé were again in downtown Indy. A guy confronts us. Starts In with the same story and I realize pretty shortly he is THE SAME GUY!! I politely tell him no and immediately tell my Fiancé about the night 4 years ago and made a status on Facebook tagging the 3 that were with me that night. They all remember him and other friends of mine have had his "story" as well.
0	Former satellite-service customer service (retention) agent here.   If the cable companies were anything like us (they probably were)...  We were  required  to say anything and everything we were capable of saying to keep the account.  If they were doing their job, they would've qualified the extra dollars with something that the other service didn't provide.  Better quality, connection, customer service, packages that you'd like better, etc.  They'd be hard-selling you until the last possible minute or until you ask for a supervisor.  I've even had old co-workers look at the setup of their account, and if they had bad credit during the account set-up, they'd use that.  "Why would you move to a different company when you'd just have to spend money on deposits all over again?"  Customer retention was key.
0	A while ago, my friends and I found a way to get onto our high school's roof (just like in Anime!) so after a few lunches up there, we decided to try and spend the night.  After I made the preparations, my friends decided to bail on me to go to a party and so I decided to stick it out on my own.  Around 4:00 a.m. the noise of traffic on a highway woke me up and I decided to climb down and sleep in my car until later in the day when I would head home. I drove to my neighborhood and parked my car on the side of the road and went to sleep in the back seat.  Que banging on my window.  Some cop was there about to bash my window in when I opened up the door.  He started questioning me as to why I was parked in my car and why my eyes were bloodshot.  I asked him what time it was, he said 6:30, so I responded with something like "it's 6:30 and you fucking wonder why my eyes are bloodshot."  I didn't get ticketed, but the asshole kicked me out of the neighborhood so I just drove around and went back to my house after he stopped tailing me.
1	I think he seriously means it. If only 10% of 20 million people spend money, that's still 2 million spending money. The least you can spend is $5. That's $10 million. I would imagine that a company of their size will be making at least 20% of that as profit. (~$2 million/year)   I say a company of their size because even though they have a huge game, they are still a small company. They don't have departments planning new graphics engines for sequals and department planning ports for XboX PS3 and the like.   EA, Blizzard, and other huge companies have hundreds of people working for them. I doubt Riot has 100. That means a smaller facility, less equipment, less insurance, and less payroll for a company with 2 million people paying for their game. Big companies tend to have more complex gaming engines and graphics requiring more man-hours and more expensive hardware and software. They also have to pay people more because they can do more complex things. (Rioters probably can to, but they don't have to)
0	Australian with an hono(u)rs degree in American history (I wrote about polarization and political realignment in US politics and society).   I'm no expert, but I think Reddit really does give all sides, you just have to read between the lines - just like listening to Glenn Beck all day will give someone who has a basic understanding of the situation in the US, listening to Obama supporters all day will still give you an understanding, as long as you realize they're only one side of the divide.   Politics in the US is the same as politics in Australia, only it's more intense. There's still the socially liberal and ecomomically "conservative" versus socially conservative and economically liberal divide, with some (butthurt) libertarian outliers. The issues are still fundementally the same. No, all Republicans aren't evil bible bashers, although the far right have had undue influence in that party since at least the 1980s.   For the Australian wishing to understand US politics, in addition to actually studying the US politcal system and its history, the thing to remember is that most of the Americans you speak to will be on one or the other side of this divide (or libertarian, leaning either left or right), and at least one half will see you as influenced by a biased media (don't worry, they claim this of their fellow Americans as well).   You're  never  going to get an American tell you "gee, you sure have a fair and balanced understanding of our political situation", but that doesn't mean you don't understand what's going on - if anything, it makes you part of it.
1	I think with the addition of Altec, you personally have been playing a lot better recently (minus that flash, you know which one I'm talking about). I also think that your teams level of success is pretty closely tied with Snoopeh's level of play. Some games he seems to play fairly well and you usually win, some games he doesn't have much of an effect and things slowly get out of hand.
1	You should never build the same way everygame , you need to adapt to each circumstance... With high scaling/sieging champions you should always go BloodThirster since it will allow you to deal more dps on towers and such , but after Bloodthirster there's a choices you got to make like , should I go Phantom Dancer or Last Whisper and ask yourself with which item am I going to help the team the most. Im not sure if I was clear enough but...
1	I mean, they did.   They nerfed both of those, and have been slowly trying to buff Akali into viability ever since.   Here:   V1.0.0.129:   Twin Disciplines: Initial spell vamp gained upon obtaining 10 bonus attack damage reduced to 8% from 10%.   Additional spell vamp reduced to 1% per 6 attack damage from 1% per 5 attack damage.   Initial magic damage bonus upon obtaining 20 ability power reduced to 8% from 10%.   Additional magic damage bonus reduced to 1% per 6 ability power from 1% per 5 ability power.   Mark of the Assassin: projectile base damage and proc based damage reduced to 45/70/95/120/145 from 50/75/100/125/150.   V1.0.0.138:   Stats:   Base armor increased to 20 from 17.   Base health increased to 530 from 510.   V1.0.0.142:   Crescent Slash:   Energy cost reduced to 60/55/50/45/40 from 60 at all ranks.   Now activates  Mark of the Assassin's secondary damage.
1	If you are ganking a lane and the enemy flashes away (with 25% HP or more), you actually did a very succesful gank! He wasted a summoner spell, then DO NOT flash behind him to AA him once and then to back off cause the turret will shoot you...   I sometimes just walk mid with blitz to actually come and do nothing but I just force to flash the enemy with my presence. Stupid people will flash after him, pull him (you actually not pulled him, you 'dragged' yourself towards him) do one E and then need to back off.
0	I saw a couple making out today and as I walked in there direction they stopped, the girl looked at me and then kissed the guy again. As I walked passed them they stop again and she turns and and says hi to me. Turns out I went to school with her, it felt pretty awkward and hilarious at the same time
0	People frequently don't understand the difference between "privilege" and "confidentiality."  Privilege only exists between a lawyer and his client and between spouses. Confidentiality, on the other hand, exists between all sorts of groups.  Doctor-patient confidentiality only extends so far, as with all forms of confidentiality. The doctor is allowed to ignore a subpoena but not a court order. Lawyers frequently try to subpoena therapists in the hope that they will either slip up or choose to reveal confidential information. Of course, most therapists know that this is extremely bad for business.  Responding to a court order, however, is fairly unavoidable.
0	Ooh! A bike story! My turn!   Kid that lives across the road from me was fucking awful. Bullied me and my younger sister for most of our childhood years. When we moved away I finally managed to lose contact with him.   A few years go by, me and the kid are in high school together, though little to no interaction between us as we were in different classes and had different friends. Get to the second year of high school and after inorganic collection week (a week each year you pile all your crap from couches to boxes from the attic on your front lawn, people pick through what they want and at the end of however many days the government comes and takes it all away) I hear that something awful has happened. The kid who tormented me for years picked up a bike from one of the piles and began to ride it home. Going down the steepest hill in the area (that we lived halfway down) he realised that the brakes didn't function, and apparently went head on into a bus. In a coma for a few days, when he eventually came back to school months later we happen to be in food tech class together, and suddenly he's as nice as he can be to me. Perhaps it was cuz I was suddenly 6' while he was maybe 5'5", or maybe he knew karma is out to get him...
1	Yes. When I first started playing, all my guy friends convinced me to play League with them and I was the "noob girl." I spammed Warwick cuz I thought he was cool... (It's a running joke in my group of friends that I'm a secret furry since I only play animal champs: Nidalee, Warwick, Rengar, etc...)   Anyways they made me jungle so they could win lane, basically it was always a 4v5 cuz I was so noob. They just told me who to ult and thats it.   Fast forward 2 years, I'm gold and they're all stuck Bronze/Silver. I forgot about Warwick but a friend of mine told me to get back into him for Season 5 Jungle. I made a guide on him, and as it turns out I play him completely different than I did before. (Max different abilities, different items, etc) but he's great for dragon control and locking down a carry in a teamfight.
1	A friendly reminder from ADC players:   YOU GET YOUR STACKS AS LONG AS YOU HIT THEM ALL. YOU MISS EVEN A SINGLE ONE AND I'M INSTA CLEARING THAT WAVE FASTER THAN SAMUEL L JACKSON CAN SHOVE HIS ARM UP YOUR A*  AND WORK YOUR MOUTH LIKE A PUPPET TO ASK WHY THE F CK I'M NOT LETTING YOU USE YOUR RELIC STACKS.
1	Unfortunately, it certainly seems that way. I dunno if LoL just attracts assholes or the intensive team-based nature of the game only exacerbates bad behavior (or both) but you will definitely encounter much verbal abuse while playing this game.   I am not an asshole (for the most part) and absolutely despise the douchebaggery attendant to this community, but I've kept playing through several months now because the game is just too damn fun at the end of the day. Sure, I'll be harassed occasionally (usually by poorer players - the dunning-kruger effect can be observed in full force in this game) but nothing beats the satisfaction of successfully coordinating with a good team.   This might sound incredibly silly, but I like to treat a match like an NFL player (the consummate professionals, anyway) approaches a football game. In both endeavors, it's important to manage emotions, communicate thoroughly, and deal with failures without scapegoating or otherwise destroying team cohesion. If someone is playing poorly, I try to give them constructive advice without being overly critical or obnoxious. If I am not doing well (which happens), I try to own up to it and analyze and fix my mistakes. Instead of getting angry, I'll let myself be impressed with an opponent's good play and see what I can do to counter them better.   I originally cultivated this sort of zen-like attitude while playing MW2 and Black Ops, games which are basically designed to piss you off. I found that the calmer and more nonchalant I was, the more fun I had and the better I subsequently played. I believe this mindset is even more applicable to LoL (which is also a better game). At the end of the day, it's just a video game and you're just clicking buttons on a mouse. Don't let it ruin you.   Oh and find good, cool, vocal people to play with! You'll know each other's strengths and weaknesses better and be less likely to blindly rage/get raged at. My summoner handle is MickeyPemulis; I'd be more than happy to play with you sometime!
1	She's really strong because she can completely zero out all dive. If the enemy team runs a really strong comp that wants to team fight and jump into your back line they can't do it vs. Janna. Take split push and save your ult to knock back the enemy team when they engage and you can basically walk away for free and siege as much as you want. It's super hard to deal with unless you're way better than the enemy team, and it requires you to actually coordinate and make strategic team plays (something not often done in soloQ).
1	Do you mean you stopped playing  last  summer?  Like summer of 2012?  If my understanding of the decay system is correct it has not been long enough to have stopped playing this summer and have gone from Gold V to Bronze I purely through decay.   The way decay works is that after 28 days you lose a set amount of LP.  If that LP would bring you down to 0 in your current division then it drops you down one division, if you are in Division 5 of your Tier and you hit 0 LP through decay then it drops you to Division 1 of the next Tier down.  After the initial decay you then decay a set amount of LP once every 7 days as long as you stay inactive.  This next part is what I'm not sure about, I believe that when it drops you a Division it puts you at 75 LP in that Division no matter how much LP you lost from the decay.  I'm operating based on that assumption because both of my ranked teams that have decayed have been put into 75 LP of the division below where they were before.   In Gold you lose 25 LP per decay period, in Silver you lose 10 LP per decay.  You do not decay in Bronze.   So, assuming you are at Gold V with 25 LP or less you will decay to Silver I after 28 days of inactivity.  From this point forward you will lose 10 LP per week in Silver 1.  Starting at 75 LP it will take 8 weeks (56 days) to decay to Silver 2, and another 8 weeks to Silver III and so on.  Thats a total of 40 weeks to decay from Silver I 75 LP to Bronze I.  Including the 4 weeks it took for the initial decay from Gold V to Silver I that is 44 weeks, or 308 days, from Gold V (25 LP or less) to Bronze I.   _
1	LOL Omg, yes they have Skype you moron. But they don't have it on the computers they play on when go to tournaments and neither do the amateur players that have been getting ddosd lol. Damn your thick. Also, even if they (the pros/amateurs) use Skype, 9.99999 times out of 10 they'll have a VPN up to stop ddos attempts.
0	I like how redditors have gotten so much circlejerking out of mocking "I can't even" that they've started saying it ironically in a weirdly structured way. I used to spend a lot of time on tumblr just before and during the beginning of the whole "can't even thing", so for me seeing you guys say it like that is like when a foreigner tries  really  hard to pronounce something and they just can't because they are so used to an entirely different way of speaking.
0	It's not just psychology and emotions, though. Human sexual differentiation is based on hormones in-utero, not chromosomes (as is the case for chickens; which is why you get things like  gynandromorph chickens   In most cases, XY will trigger the production of male hormones, and XX female hormones. But if things get in the way of that transmission, or if the chromosomes are not the standard two to begin with, you might end up with an XY foetus bathed in more female hormones and vice versa, skewing their sex and gender development from the norm.
1	Sadly its buried but whatever:   There is a simple reason why we think we are allowed to judge them. The reason is, because we are allowed to judge them. THEY want to be famous and with this fame comes responsibility.   If you are a major asshole to anyone while being famous, do you really think it would be all like: "Well they are humans!" if it was a football player or whatever?   It is not. If you want to be famous its inevetible that you get judged by people that dont know you, for actions you do not think about. Sorry but welcome to the real world. This is no "Iamfamous! I can do whatever!"   Think your actions through, THEN act. Dont be all douchy on your stream or whatever, just because you think you are at home. There are people watching. You dont fap infront of your stream (intentionally) because you know that would be.. well.. not ok! Same for raging, flaming and everything else.   On another note, people should judge, thats their job too. Sure there are those: "I hope you die because you said retard! i dont like that!"-people, but just be rational: These are EVERYWHERE. Thats not a problem of the community itself, neither it's a problem of esports. Thats reality   Humans are assholes.
0	sigh  you're right.  I obviously would suggest things like disclaimer saying "are you having legal issues? Then get a lawyer!  this is not a law office, it's the internet!", probably a disclaimer regarding jurisdictions, and one of the rules should be "do not ask questions about a legal problem you are having, if that is the case, find a lawyer.  This subreddit is for discussing legalities in an academic sense."   regarding identity, I've yet to find a solution to that with  anything  that is online.  Obviously it would require people to generally try to be honest, work based on reputation, and generally be good rather than dishonest.   But, as I said, you're right, it would be something of a nightmare to manage.   Goodness knows the discussion of the legal precedent and the relevance of the cultural moral climates at the time when those precedents arose and the current climes is part of what interests me most about the subject.  Threads would explode into massive walls of text, miles high, with
1	It's League of Legends. Lets be honest. There is mad toxic people everywhere. Look at Dead Vegito or whatever in challenger haha. But with that fact given. The percentile I have noticed in Bronze and Silver is so much higher. Me, I don't have a problem with keeping myself composed when someone is raging. I might say some sarcastic shit back. But I give credit where it's do always. If you are someone like the OP, and have a hard time controlling yourself from being toxic. Or getting mad. (Not judging it's common) Than when you are in lower ranks. It's better of not giving anyone the chance to set you off. Sense the toxic level is much more common in these ranks. PLUS even if there isn't toxicity. It is very rare for Bronze and Silvers to talk and come together with some strategy over the chat. Unless 1 person takes the initiate and god blesses you and everyone listens. So there is almost no need for the chat anyway.
1	EYE CATCHER   Hey reddit. I'm LagsAlot.  I'm a high diamond level midlane main on EUW.   I  upload things made by myself like  Montages ,  Commentaries ,  little Guides  and some plays by myself. Example : **[Reverse Twisted Fate Outplay](   Come and visit my stuff if you are interested in the things I am doing. I try to upload as many videos per week and I don't have a real schedule but I try to upload atleast 3 videos a week.   Click [ here ]( to see my  1st Midlane Montage  including Nidalee, Yasou and Zed plays and [ here ]( to see my  Nidalee only Montage . [ Here ]( you can see my  Youtube channel  at all.   I wish you a wonderful rest of your life.   Have a nice day.
1	I'd say grab 2 3150 or 1 3150 and 2 1350.   Good ones to grab that are fairly easy and strong? There are really none, it's the trade off, damage for ease of use.   My suggestions, Karthus, Kassadin, maybe Malz (6k though) Anivia, and maybe Zilean (Going from casters is a good way to transition into AD carry because you learn what they do from how you support them, and from AD carry you learn Jungle, and gank co-ordination, which then leads to solotop, and [off]tanking.)
0	Seriously: invest 90% of it using a professional to advise you remembering to ensure you have a mixed bag of risk and mixed length of terms.   Take the $100,000, pay any little bills for periphery family members of close friends that might need it and then with some or all of the rest do something incredible . Maybe the trip of a lifetime, maybe live a dream your dad had, no matter how big, crazy or small it was, maybe he wanted to go the world series or to buy a Cadillac. Just an idea.   I have this crazy idea that when I die my kids all have to climb Mount Kilimanjaro to inherit, from a selfish point of view I hope they are all too old to do that when I go though:) I would love it though if they could do something really special and unforgettable with the windfall from my death.
0	And this is why you don't leave yourself logged in at home when you are at work and your girlfriend is at home >.> I don't know if she forgot to logout, she is to lazy  to logout, or she is just trying to make me look bad.
0	If OP wanted to get his attention he could of used his horn or hazard lights or changed lanes and tried to signal him.   How is putting his car is a position where it might get hit trying to get attention, and not simply  trying to cause a collision   So basically, if I want to get the attention of another driver I use my horn, hands, or light. I don't try to hit them with my car or make them hit my car. I don't even open up that  possibility , like OP did.
0	Yeah, I shared an apartment with my girlfriend for a while, the shower was so small and cramped, sharing wasn't fun and sex was impossible. It was a race to finish showering so we could get to the bed and get to the fun stuff.   But then, then we went to see my folks and tried the master shower. Two shower heads, enough room for 2 people to do jumping jacks, and a bench for activities. There was still the issue of lubricant, but we made it work in the neighborhood pool so we made it work in the shower.
1	no, if you want to show respect and acknowledgement you can say "thanks for the game".   In a 4vs5 game or a game with an intentional feeder/game ruiner I would much much rather have the enemies say "bg" signifying bad game than "gg" signifying good game, we're talking about manners here. You cannot use a phrase like "good game" without it signifying just that, and it's disrespectful like hell to the enemy.
0	DEA MISANDRY?! ANYONE WHO DOESN'T LIKE DUDES THAT STARE AND JERK OFF INTO THEIR SWEATSHIRT POCKETS IN CLASS ARE OBVIOUSLY ANTI-MALE.
1	I've played about 100 LB games, I'm not an amazing player so I'm not going to say that I'm totally correct, but here is what I have found to work against me as LeBlanc, and for me when playing against LeBlanc.   Leblanc relies on her W to do all the work possible. You as a laner have to take advantage of this. After she W's (unless she has her ultimate), it will have around a 9 second cooldown at level one. This window is one of the best opportunities you are going to get against this godly mid-lane burster. If you are going against a Leblanc I would recommend you buy an MR item because of the ridiculous amount of burst she has, this will make her confused when she realises that she suddenly cast burst you with a full combo.   Keep your distance is another thing I would suggest. Using champions that can get CS from a large distance away (Except for Ahri because that's when you're going to have a bad time) are usually safe from LeBlanc. Ideal champions for this are ones such as Nidalee (for the heals), and I have found that AP Ezreal can also be strong to just arcane shift away from her Distortion after she has used her Sigil of Silence. (I'm not trying to say that AP Ezreal is good, it just works okay against LB). Similar to this, if a Sigil of Silence is used on a Zed, he can shadow away easily before the distortion lands. So most champions with quick blink/dash escapes will be able to stay clear of her damage   As a further note, using champions that contain loads of CC such as Galio (also for his mana shield health thing....), Ryze, Sion and Morgana are a strong way to catch her off-guard when she has distortion'ed towards you.   Lastly I just want to touch on the one champion that LeBlanc (along with almost every champ) will not be able to deal with. Lulu is a really good pick against LB. If you know how to use your shield defensively, most of her damage early will be negated and she won't do as much damage. Along with this, if you can land an E, Q combo onto her as well, you will find that you are almost doing more damage to her than she is to you; and all of this is without even mentioning the ultimate that Lulu can bring from nowhere to negate a burst champion's damage.
1	I'm out of the loop, could someone
0	Okay, okay. As a man of music. I can sorta explain this. How I see it is: 'covering' a song, is not just playing it out of a band. Beethoven and many other extremly famous artists from the classical era are all dead. So they are no longer around to play their own music. Therefore it's not really a cover. However my idea of a cover is when you do something the change an original song into something in your own vision. [This would be a very good example of what I mean.](
1	This is actually worse than that.   People will always rage in a ranked team game, this is inevitable. Shifting the blame on people is always so much easier than putting oneself in question and improving.   I have a friend that begun LoL (never played a moba before) about a month ago, he directly started ranked games after reaching lvl 30 and ended up silver V.   What did he do ? He created a new account to try again and reach higher because he finds that people are too bad at this level.   This is just... Wrong.   I started league of legend in s3, got silver V after my placements end I ended diamond 1.   Yes, but that took me about 1200 games in total.   What people lack is perseverance and fortitude.
1	Blah blah dont be mean. What you fail to realize is that passion and emotion can drive people to do better. Maybe not in that specific game, but it does carry weight with them after and make them reflect harder IF they are emotionally invested at getting better. I knew that was one of the main reasons I got great at Dota back in the day. People would rage at me all the time and well I simply didn't want to be raged at anymore and I wanted to improve. It made me try harder and really focus in the next games to come. I was more efficient because I knew if I wasn't I'd be raged at.   That being said if you want to win soloq it is much better to not rage. You don't want these emotions flying around during the game because it   creates a distraction. The player isn't going to improve that greatly in one single match so there isn't a need to let him know that he sucks ass. Simply give a nice reason for what he should be doing and move on. Some will listen and some won't and you just have to be ok with that.
