0	But /u/IWantToBeNormal ... Is that so much to ask for? Regardless of what normal really is. I am sick of being the nicest most up-beat guy one day. Then in the morning being in a shitty mood about everything.   And that isn't the worst part! Often times I may feel like I have the energy to do something but the the anxiety become overwhelming!! (anxiety is my main problem which is linked to depression)   Or even at work (fast food) I could seem to be the ideal emplyee on service. Polite, professional, and kurt (enough for the managers) but all I really think about after halfway through my shift is going home and drinking to forget how fake I am to these people and the stress that goes with the job.   Oh and then there is school which I am doing well in, but I am only taking two classes this semester...
1	Quantic really is a good team.  However, I really do think the management need to take a good look at how they have affected the team.  The point of having a gaming house is that you don't have to go to pc cafes to have stable internet.  Yet for the most important matches they play, it is suddenly decided that playing at a pc cafe would be for the best.  It is quite mindboggling when you consider that quantic might have had a better chance at qualifying if they had stayed in Korea considering they would at least have stable internet, albeit slightly laggy.  Furthermore, there is a certain amount of comfort that comes with playing at the same place;  hardly anyone can adjust quickly enough to play at 100% at an entirely new venue.   If I had any power, I would take the quantic's LoL team immediately, seeing as their sponsorship may now get dropped.  Even if it is not, I couldn't see the players staying with the management that somehow thought that it was a great idea to play 3 matches in a row at a pc cafe with their location known to all who cared to discover it.
1	Hi. I just wanted to pop in and say something.   In the comments, I'm noticing a lot of criticism towards female players in the thread--this is something to be expected but is somewhat skewed. I have found that ladies who push the fact that they were endowed with boobies tend to fall under the stereotypes which a lot of people are expressing. These ladies are toxic to the real female gaming community--a community, which, in short usually does not express their gender just as many of you would not express your gender as it is  irrelevant .   Female players are quite common, but the reason many people fail to realize this fact is because most of us keep our heads down because it feels like in large part the really vocal girls are either stupeyfaces (example as posted above) or militant about how girls are discriminated against. This is rather frustrating and I find both to be toxic and counterproductive.
0	Every generation does this. "Only people born in the 80's will appreciate this!!" "You young people born after the 70's wont get this reference." It's standard. In a few years the 00's kids will start saying it.
0	Had this happen to me once. Major freeway in Melbourne, guy in a shitbox of a car comes flying down the stopping lane doing 80km/h when the rest of the traffics doing 30 because it's the middle of rush hour in the afternoon. We turn a slight corner and there's a car parked in the stopping lane ahead of him so he starts to come back into the lane I'm in right next to me. I've got no where to go because it's peak and the traffics all banked up. He keeps coming across and I start blasting my horn so he looks and sees me. I get the bird as he winds down his window and chucks a can of something through the window at my passenger side window and cracks it. He eventually realises that he's not gonna be able to merge as he gets up to the parked car and ends up braking hard and stopping until someone lets him in. I pulled over a bit further up to try and catch his plates so I could report him for smashing my window. He eventually comes up and pulls up right in front of me and starts to get out of his car. As he flings his car door open rather violently it goes a bit too far into the traffic and a truck going past rips his door clean off in front of me. He's just about to take off without his door when a police car comes past and pulls over right in front of us both and stops him. Cop was a few cars behind me the whole time and saw everything. Ended up getting my window replaced and he had his car towed.
0	I agree with this! My wife is super attractive and in great shape and loves me to no end, but I'm the fat one. I had the thought like, "Hey I already have an amazing beautiful girl here who loves me even though I'm fat, why should I change." But I realized it's selfish and now I'm getting in shape for her because she deserves to have someone who is sexy like her.
0	She lives 5 hours away from me, I dont get to see her that often  :/   I got to spend time with her this past weekend, and dont worry, indulgence occurred.   But now I wont get to see her until the second weekend in february.
0	If you were to make a mistake in exercising your office, that is one thing, an action in need of psychological support and perhaps even retraining.  I do not believe anyone will say there is an expectation of perfection.  Everyone makes mistakes, and the greater the responsibility, the more grave the mistakes when they happen.  Your office gives a weight of responsibility.  It is your fundamental responsibility to NOT lose control.   We are not upset that LEOs are not destroyed for mistakes and realistic slips of judgement.  We are angry that LEOs are not held accountable for savage acts of unwarranted aggression, for the utter corruption of the supposed responsibility they accept.   As for the bar situaiton, what about backup? Where was your partner?  I'd be willing to bet it is your firearm that is more readily available, rather than the taser, and that you've trained FAR more with the firearm that the taser.  There are a dozen questions that could be asked and they are all easily asked because I was not there.  These are the questions that must be asked, and answered.  If there had been a bystander videotaping the situation, would you not have been exonerated in a court?  You were protecting someone who was in need of protection, and my hat is off to you.  Many cops are not so altruistic.  I know because I have been involved.   Addressing your
0	I think it's a sign of aggression thing.  I might be a jerk myself, but not much bugs me more than people that have to act out and show the world they are having a bad time, especially when everyone else is in the same boat.   It's like everyone having to walk on a road made of shit.  Noone likes walking on this shit and it is an inconvenience to all.  It isn't hurting anyone, but it is unpleasant and makes travel more difficult.  Then a guy decides fuck this!  This is a horrible situation and I can't change anything to make it better and I hate it!  So he stoops down to this mess and just goes haywire, yelling and screaming, slapping and throwing this shit all around.  Now instead of just walking through it people are getting spackled with crap, making the trudge all that more shitty.  Just because some special little star couldn't see past his own special little light and realize that making others feel shittier made nothing better for him, just even worse for those near him.   That rambled, maybe someone was just trying to get some sort of insight into the flow of traffic or had to get to the unexpected birth of his first child.
0	Yup. Stuck my dick in crazy once, clawed my way out before shit got too real. She wasn't openly crazy out of the gates, but there were enough minor red flags for me to see things heading south before she murdered my pets or anything too extreme. Still took  months  to fully get her out of my house/life/etc. I cringe when I read about people using the L word within a few weeks of meeting someone. What do you expect?
0	Hypothetical situation:  I (as a representative of a number of consumers) choose to "vote with my wallet" for more livable wages for Walmart employees. 1.5 times a month, instead of going to the Walmart, I drive an additional 20 minutes (one way) and spend an additional $50. What will be the result after one year?   For Walmart:  Walmart, beholden to its stockholders, will cut costs, probably by reducing inventory and staffing. We'll say they reduce staff from x  number of workers to  x - n  workers. Stock prices remain relatively constant, and Walmart only carries 2 kinds of rubber spatulas in the housewares dept. staffed by one employee.   For consumers:  I have spend an additional 12 hours driving to another store and have spent an extra $900 on merchandise. Additionally, instead of subsidizing  x  number of workers with welfare, I am subsidizing  x - n  workers , and supporting  n  workers entirely through the welfare system.   Long-term, yes, this could potentially lead to Walmart reducing its costs to the point of closing stores and going bankrupt, but that's unlikely. In my scenario, I would lose days, maybe  weeks  of my life driving to another store. I will pay $900 annually and my cost as a taxpayer supporting the unemployed will be constantly increasing.
0	Because books have gone through an editing process and at least SOME publisher thinks the ideas contained within deserve to be published. Not necessarily true with an article, especially on the internet. Books are subject to a lengthier approval process, held to a higher standard and receive far more peer, publisher and reader scrutiny.   The reason? Money. It's expensive to publish, print and distribute books, so the publisher wants to make sure they have a high quality product before they ship it. Mistakes, subpar content and poor sales can result in recalls, reflect badly on the publisher and cost millions. Not so with an article, which anybody with a keyboard can write in less than a day and publish on their blog, or a website they own. Some of the larger web publications have professional standards, but these are also magazines and reputable news sources whose articles appear both online and in print.
1	You need to use something other than Chrome / FF   I had the same issue, until i remembered that Chrome uses its native flash, not adobe's version.   I know it hurts, but dusting off IE and watching it on that it is FLAWLESS
1	Since everyone is throwing their 2 cents in. My guess is that he knew he wouldn't be able to kill her even with the ignite given how much health she had, how close she was to tower, and how little damage his Q could do. Since he maxed E the only way he was going to kill her was taking an extended fight where he could use E on her multiple times while slowly poking her down. He probably could have ignited her towards the end as well but I think he probably got caught up in the outplay he was doing and was focused on using his abilities over using a summoner.
0	I agree that my use of right and wrong seems hypocritical on the surface. My statement that "Intentionally hurting another human being is wrong" was based on the idea that all humans are intrinsically free to think and do whatever they like, as long as their actions do not interfere with the rights and freedoms of others. Hurting a person against that person's will is a violation of this principle. This is not a question of morality as much as it is a question of universalizing human rights. Any right or freedom that I hope to preserve for myself, I must also recognize and preserve for others.   The question of self-defense is also interesting since the defender is depriving the attacker of his/her freedom to act^*. Morality aside, I would argue that if an attacker is willfully depriving another person of his/her rights, then the person who behaves defensively must be careful to ensure: (1) that an attack has legitimately occurred; (2) that the interaction between perceived "attacker" and "victim" is against the will of the "victim" (insert tangent about my childhood dog biting anybody who hugged me because she thought I was being attacked); (3) that the defensive behavior does not exceed mere prevention of the attack, i.e. the defensive behavior should not inflict unnecessary harm (excessive use of force) in order to stop the attack from occurring or continuing; and (4) the defensive behavior is not interfering with the rights and freedoms of others.   In the case of the card-switching florist (or homophobic florist of my example), I would argue that several of these points were violated by the florist who could have easily said, "I'm sorry, I cannot serve you because I morally object to your behavior. For the sake of everyone involved, please reconsider your lifestyle choices." [florist's hypothetical words, not mine]   You could argue that the florist was behaving in a manner that defended the rights of the unseen parties, the wife and the girlfriend. However, based on the evidence available, we don't know whether an actual attack was occurring. All we know is that a guy was trying to buy flowers for two people in an attempt to express affection toward those people, and he made a request of the florist so that the recipients would not be confused. If your moral code prohibits non-monogamous relationships, then you will likely conclude that the man's behavior is an attack against the other parties and those parties must be defended. (I would argue that the florist was actually defending the moral code itself and not the other parties, but that's irrelevant.) If you allow the man to behave according to his own moral code, that is, if you respect the man's right to moral autonomy, then you realize that the florist has just committed an injustice against the man by violating points #1, #2, and #4 above. To the extent that the card switch causes prolonged emotional pain in the other parties, then you have violated point #3 above.   ^* On the issue of preventing an attacker who has the "intention to harm" versus one who has committed "actual harm": From a purely objective standpoint, when no action has been taken by a purported attacker, the role of defense and attack are undefinable (this is why preemptive military strikes seem so controversial). When someone threatens to commit a "greater harm", they are not punished for committing that greater harm, they are merely prevented from committing that harm (assuming points #1 and #2 are true, and that the preventive behavior does not violate points #3 or #4).  Which reminds me of a little detention center that the United States government opened up in Cuba...   Side note: #1, #3, and #4 is why the Han Shot First controversy is a big deal because it means that Han was the bad guy and Star Wars folklore has difficulty integrating that image with the image of Han the hero.
1	Personally, I think it helps a lot. I played with level 30 friends when I was level 5-10ish until I was level 30. At first, when still learning you may get stomped, but the more you play, the more you will learn. Going up against people that know what they are doing is challenging as a newbie at first, but you improve a lot fast. I would usually play with my lvl30 friends, but when I played on my own around lvl20-25ish, I would end up carrying my team hard.
1	The reason we can relate with Jinx so well is everyone possesses an id, the unorganized part of the human psyche (the only part present at birth) which drives our wants, impulses, as well as the aggressive, and sexual drive.   Freud described it as such. "It is the dark, inaccessible part of our personality, what little we know of it we have learned from our study of the Dreamwork and of the construction of neurotic symptoms, and most of that is of a negative character and can be described only as a contrast to the ego. We approach the id with analogies: we call it a chaos, a cauldron full of seething excitations.... It is filled with energy reaching it from the instincts, but it has no organization, produces no collective will, but only a striving to bring about the satisfaction of the instinctual needs subject to the observance of the pleasure principle."   As a contrast to the ego, or the "mediator between the Id and reality" I feel a lot of people can really relate to the pleasure Jinx finds in chaos and destruction, as violence is a basic human survival instinct.
1	Well the thing is I'm not sure that it accomplished it's goal. The best use case for the item currently is to start with health, then ideally buy it on your first death, assuming you managed to live for 8 minutes or got some kills/assists in there. However, if your entire team is melee you're still going to get poked out and the poke comp will take your towers before 10 minutes. They will have first blood and kill exp on you, so they will get their ults first. The only option you have to defend your turrets is to hard engage if you have no ranged waveclear, and it has to be before you get poked down. All they did by adding Orb of Winter was make melee teams that can last for 15+ minutes against a poke/siege team have an advantage, but it requires you to get to that point first. If they have already taken your inhibitor by then, then you have to fight them AND superminions at the same time. Rushing Orb of Winter doesn't make you immune to burst, but when coupled with other hp/mr items it's extremely strong.
1	Pretty much completely ruining any competitive viability of this champion. As she's my favorite champion, this makes me incredibly sad. I've always felt Elise was a Lee Sin who was better at certain things but traded them off for some other with Lee being undeniably the better champion (I believe LS is by far the most OP champion in the game, but that's another story for another time).   Lee's early game is 100x more ridiculous than Elise's. With 0 emphasis on positioning due to his sub-15 second CD reposition, all Lee has to do is land 1 skill shot and he instantly applies execute damage right after. Accidentally jumped under tower? God thing the tool you used to engage isn't your disengage right (Rappel).   The things Elise's do and high skill cap (ex: rappel onto the back line of minions, instantly shift out and full combo). Are powerful, sure, but they're risky. If you rappel offensively you have no rappel if you, say, get knocked back into the tower you rappelled close to.   Also I think the point OP brought up with the drop off rate of Elise as the game goes on is highly relevant. She brings NOTHING to a teamfight, a little bit of execute damage because you have to go full tank. This is literally not comparable to Lee who's almost unkillable due to mobility, has a ludicrously short CD displacement, shield, execute on a similar CD to Elise's.
1	Yep, as another player with over 1k nidalee games, bruiser nid is LITERALLY in the worst spot she's ever been in. All of her top-lane matchups suck, and she doesn't have the defensive stats or itemization to go toe to toe with any other bruiser. Toplane nidalee as AP is still very viable (and incredibly obnoxious, with roughly the same split push strength as old bruiser nid, esp if you get a lichbane early), but even since the tear nerfs and the manamura changes, ad nida just isn't viable. She was at her prime in late season1/early season two when wriggles was cheap as shit and gave 15% lifeseteal, then when they nerfed wriggles she was still a pretty strong duelist who could benefit from a couple dorans blades into an early trinity force. In s3 after the removal of defensive stats from cougar, I had the most success with a glass cannon assasin build utilizing BOTRK and manamura to just instantly dump your 2k mana into extra damage from the muramana active.
0	I don't know about the US but in Australia having a un-managed hive on your property is probably illegal. Firstly you cannot control the swarming, and therefore can be a nuisance to other people. Secondly and more importantly, having a wild hive is a vector for bee disease; small hive beetle, viruses, and other disease which can be transmitted to another hive. And the fact that the hive isn't managed means that diseases go unnoticed, and unmanaged.
1	Honestly, I think Shens biggest weakness is his energy.   His energy costs are INCREDIBLY high with only one way to get energy back (aside from the obvious waiting for it to regen), which is his E.   For each target hit by his E, he gains energy. The fact that is has such a long cooldown and such short range makes it such an unreliable way to get energy back. Zed has E/Q with his shadows from safety, Akali has Q, Lee Sin gets energy from every ability.   Honestly, Shen is THE most limited champion when it comes to his energy. Every time we're setting up for a teamfight I have literally no energy. And even if I successfully E in and get 2 or so people, it's still only enough energy for 1, maybe 2 abilities, then I'm out of energy again and have to wait for the long ass E cooldown, but I'm generally dead by then since I can't use my W.
1	Supports and tanks are really overrated as a "team need."   You can see this in high level competitive play too, as a tanky DPS initiator can sometimes be the "tank" as the comp focuses on heavy burst.   And you can play a lot of characters as "support" in lieu of a traditional babysitting sustain support.  Low Elo AD carries usually are bad enough at farming that you can count on picking up a number of waves for yourself, and since so many of them have poor positioning, you might find it worthwhile to get a character who has some offensive potential.
0	I was in a theater at the same time a class of elementary school kids came to watch it (I think it was a field trip or something, I don't know). Me, my two friends, two teachers, thirty or forty eight-year-olds.   End of the movie, me and my friends are bawling our eyes out. The kids don't get it, really -- not as much emotional impact when you didn't literally grow up with Toy Story, when college is a far-away dream rather than something literally happening in two months, etc. So the kids get confused and turn to their teachers to ask why the three high school kids are bawling like their best friends've all died, and all the teachers have tears in their eyes too (because they have or had kids at around Andy's age).
1	Ok first off I'm not offended. I am an atheist. I don't know what your profession is but I work in a public relations office. This would be offensive for any corporation to do. Regardless of the facts of where or how something began that you have to give, it is still irrelevant. What it stands for now is a mockery of a religious figure, most commonly the God of the Bible.
0	Well...same here, except I did well in school, scored high on my ACTs, was involved in a lot of extra-curricular activities in high school...anyways, I had full rides to a few schools, ended up going to a decent one and spent more on car insurance than tuition.
0	It also depends on the car...  Braking performance varies substantially among production cars.   If you are in Chevy Aveo (60-0mph in 139ft) following two car lengths behind a Corvette Z06  (60-0mph in 93ft), then even with instantaneous reaction time you are still over a car length too close to prevent an accident.  This discrepancy only gets larger with speed.
1	Since 3.14, every game I've played support in, I find that I'm having to hold back a LOT to ensure that the ADC is actually getting the kills. I'm barely trying to poke the enemy team back, and I'm nearly killing them every time.   This could have something to do with the tier I'm playing in having no idea what we're doing... but at the same time, it didn't play out this way before the patch.
0	Honestly, I skimmed the link you sent me so this might be wrong. In the examples given in your link, the commas were there because they were in the original quotes. Such as: "blah blah, blah blah" can become "blah blah," said "blah blah." This makes sense because the commas were part of what was being quoted. However, in this case, the commas weren't part of the quotes, but rather were there to separate items in a list, the items being quotes, so because the commas weren't part of the quoted material, they should be outside the quotes.
1	Its all PBE now so nothing is final. Its all very well written down in the patchnotes and the general
1	I always try to give people the benefit of the doubt. Maybe he was having a bad day, abuse family, or relationship problem and he is taking it out on you guys instead. Its not justified but I think it cant be helped sometimes.
0	They're pretty evil to merchants, and send money out of your local economy to middle men in the US.  Admittedly they are a necessary evil for some, but if you must, at least use visa or MasterCard instead of AMEX who charge through the roof for their service.
1	Let's not forget about the fact that the enemy team will have norm runes, giving them a HUGE advantage early game. The xp bonus won't do much for you until mid game, as even then  you have a small window of opportunity there. Really not a good idea IMO. You sacrifice too much, ESPECIALLY depending on position and the quints you normally use, for example a jungle with Move speed quints or life steal quints; something you DON'T get by leveling up, will just give them a disadvantage.
1	In league, you pick the strongest champion, because there is a definitive strongest one. In Dota, you pick any champion so long as it works well with your team and counters the enemy team. The lack of synergy and countering and League means every champ in the same role does the same job, so whoever does that one job best is the strongest.   Basic evidence. There have recently been Dota tournaments leading up to their world championship. In those tournaments, only about 6 heroes were unplayed (not counting the 5-6 disallowed for various reasons). We have never seen anything like that in League, and we never will.
1	i get so sad when i read stuff like this. Sad in a "there is really no hope for the future of video games" kinda way. I guess i should just be happy that i had the pleasure to enjoy games till now.   That
0	You're partially right. They wanted to talk about things they wanted to talk about, but people used it as a place for open discourse. As a place for open discourse, things that were off the wall would get downvoted (for example, recently someone tried to use a nationalist hate site as a citation to prove to me Islam was being catered to, or a link that was over ten years old and not updated for "Gotcha!" points without realizing the information predated the laws we were talking about). I really enjoyed it, because A. I turned around a few people's debate style while there and made them use honest sources instead of blogs or spam, and B. Seeing what was going on in the conservative sphere was very interesting.   So, yeah, people were downvoting things, but as far as I could tell I never saw mass downvotes (3|100 or anything like that). Just lots of posts arguing.
1	That quote from Guardsman Bob is particularly interesting to me. There's a guy I know who plays DotA2 and keeps bringing up how LoL's teamfights last for ages as a criticism - like, yeah, do you not want the most intensive and engaging part of a game to last longer?   Just a note about Cinderhulk being OP atm - I think it's good for some new things to be OP at release as it encourages people to use and learn them. Now, as Cinderhulk gets trimmed back, people are going to start slowly moving away from tanks but will still be remember and be aware of the strengths of tanks.
1	A guy with a shaco skin decided to go lane AP shaco down bot, so I thought "hey I will go blitz, that could work".   So as the game started, and this guy is talking about how he has 1500 wins. I decide to have some fun and begin roleplaying as a robot, finishing all my sentences as "beep boop" and answering questions and statements as "negative" or "affirmative".   The minions roll out, and Shaco places 3 boxes in the bot river lane. I see an oppertunity and run to the boxes for a grab on the enemy mumu. I miss and it grabs the only minion in the area. It sets off the boxes and Shaco decides to deceive and run in (no idea why), so I head in. He dies, I escape.   Then it begins.   "OMG BLITZCRANK YOU SO BAD YOU CANT EVEN GRAB UR JUST TROLLING ME U [insert every word]"   "ITS GG GUYS, IM FEEDING, FREE FOOD SHACO FREE FOOD CUS BLITZ TROLL"   So he feeds for about 6 deaths, and rage quits. Annnnd we lose. Mumu and my team reports shaco, and 3 of their team do the whole "I'm not reporting because we won".
1	I really like that
1	Uh, it's never okay to play hard-to-get with girls. Don't text them back immediately, but don't be a douchebag and make them wait two days.   NO YOU DON'T. DO NOT TREAT ANY GIRL YOU ARE INTERESTED IN LIKE THIS. The number of times my girlfriends have been seriously interested in a guy only for him to turn around and do this and utterly ruin their interests is great.   Women like to know that their interests is returned, just like men do. Be prompt, but not creepily so (don't reply back to every text the second you get it, wait ten/fifteen minutes or up to an hour or base it off of how quickly she's replying).   Just, facepalm. Facepalm so hard. Why do people still think this was a thing? I would automatically drop any guy who tried to do this to me and by would I mean have in the past because lolwut.
1	Um, yeah. It is arguing semantics. He's talking about how people use the word "meta" all the time and don't actually know what the word means. What you're talking about  is  metagaming, but there is no such thing as "the" meta. There is the most effective/efficient strategy/team composition as supposed by the people who  do  metagaming, but that is not "the meta". "The Meta" would be a compilation of every piece of knowledge of the game and how things within the game interact with one another that was not made specifically available (for instance, the dynamic between the bombs and Syndra's W would be part of The Meta).   Metagaming is simply doing stuff in the game, not for necessity, but for reasons that you or somebody else has supposed  outside  of the game itself. For instance, right clicking to move is not metagaming. Deciding between Black Cleaver and Last Whipser is metagaming.   Basically, this is why semantics are important, too. Because a bunch of people started using a word incorrectly, the word "meta" will now, probably, be used incorrectly for the life of LoL. When people who actually  know  what "meta" or "metagaming" means hear people discussing the LoL "meta" they will be confused. They will know that it is similar to what they know the word to mean, but it will be somehow different. This is why semantics are important for lucidity in communication. Because many people are semantically incorrect, there will always be a communicative barrier between "us" and "them". Being able to communicate clearly is the very foundation of language.
0	Oh god, I remember the first time I met someone from the South of the USA. On a ventrilo server, I must have been like 13, 14, trying to pitch in with adult conversation and every so often just get an "Oh, Elmo, bless your heart".   It sounded so friendly and after becoming a part of that group I heard it many times over a period of 5-6 years; after someone disagreeing with my, somewhat lacking in world experience, opinions and statements. I felt good and listened to before I learnt what it meant a year ago.
1	Almost any champion with a gap closing ability.   No joke. Ahri at level 6, Akali at level 6, Katarina once she gets Shunpo. LeBlanc (I don't know her abilities much, whichever can move like a gapcloser). And, of course, Talon, because, Talon...   In my opinion, because I'm not the best Zyra player NA, the gap closer abilities render your turrets pretty much pointless, because that is a lot of your damage as Zyra. When you can't get minion kills, because of the harass from those champs, you can easily get dived due to a lack of items.   Once again, I'm not the best Zyra player. If anyone disagrees, then that is more insight I can use for future games.
1	This is true, I encountered a horribly toxic player bullying someone on my team because they weren't doing well. After telling the poor guy/girl they should probably mute the toxic player they said they didn't know how. I told them hold tab and press the chat icon next to the toxic player's ign (after muting the flamer myself) and they thanked me. I reported the bully after the game ended, feeling pretty sick to my stomach.
1	THis is mostly because the new teams are basically just solo queue all-stars with little synergy (yet) who are only casusal acquaintances, versus teams where the players have known each other and played with each other for years, and have been practicing simply on teamwork the whole time, rather than just solo queue skills. So the new teams have a real easy time winning the lane phase and early game, because their individual skill is either higher, or unexpected (as in their style is a bad match for the veteran team's player). But as soon as team play becomes vital over individual skill (mid/late game, team fights and team based decisions such as baron or closing the game) these veteran teams are now the ones who have the upper hand, however they are still down in gold, sometimes vastly because they were hammered in lane. So it takes awhile for them to close the gap enough for them to out play the other side as a single unit, rather than beating them as 5 separate players. A really good example is Curse. I'm not the biggest Curse fan but they were very dominant early. This was because they were able to gain advantage early game against the new teams every single time, and since they are the veteran team with practiced synergy, they could easily close out their games, leading to stomp after stomp versus the newer teams, which lead to confidence and momentum that carried them to victory over the veteran teams. However CLG didn't always win early game against the new solo queeu allstars (they shine with s2 tactics and during mid game, when split pushing becomes a fearful tactic), but they had enough synergy to come back from it, so while they won frequently against the newer teams, it was never a "stomp, or an easy win, sometimes they even lost because they were to far behind and the solo queue allstars could end it like a solo queue game. Even now, at the end of the LCS split, this is still evident because these new teams have, at best, played for 4 months with each other vs the years the veterans have, although you can see more and more, these newer teams being able to clsoe games they get an early advantage in, it just hasn't become the norm yet.
0	The good ones are expensive, but worth every penny. Let me just say this, a couple years ago I did a contract that paid very well but also had some unusual tax rules (it was a government contract in a war zone). At the end of my contract I did my taxes on Quicken online, just to get an idea of where I sat. It said I owed several thousand dollars. After my accountant got done, I was due a refund from both federal and state. And it was big enough that I was smiling as I wrote her a $1000 check for her services.
0	Seems so. Pretty boring trend. All it shows is that people enjoy being dicks in return.   Okay, you were bullied. That's obviously a bad (sometimes  very  bad) thing. Being grateful over one's death for a bad relationship (namely one where you have bias) is daft.   What I ended up doing was learning to integrate into different friendship groups and becoming 'generally liked' or even 'popular'. It's actually quite an easy thing to do if you have the confidence for it (which unfortunately can be destroyed by bullies for some people) and going from there it's  quite  easy to befriend people who may have previously hated or been hostile to you.   Because of that, I'm aware of the fact that there are many sides to different people and the 'bullshit sides' you see in bullies aren't so much different to what you can see in those who don't affect you badly.  I have a girlfriend who (presumably) likes me very much and sees me in a good light; that doesn't mean to say I'm not a bad person. I very well could be and someone else may have a better perception of who I am and what my values are.   I'm not going to defend bullying; it's a dick-move and needs to be stomped down  immediately.  But I'm not going to dismiss the bully himself, because there are a million and one ways they may have made positive influences or contributions to others (and yes, sometimes from the goodness of their heart).
1	Probably not 1A. Riot wanted to shift warding into a team effort so increasing the number of wards placed for one person is a step backwards.   1B and 1C are good ideas though. More wards in the inventory + more safety while placing wards is a huge (but not broken) buff for supports.   Probably not 2A, if they added new stats, price would probably have to go up. 800 for sight and another 800 for ruby is actually a lot on a support budget. It could even become mandatory for other laners or jungle if it ends up having too good of stats, which I think is a step in a wrong direction
0	Not everyone in the US has to pay a lot for a really good school.  This is not true in every state, but typically public home state colleges are affordable.   Did you mean $6,500 per semester/year/full education?  My state school is $9,800/year.  That may sound like a lot, but we also have an education fund that gives every in-state student a full-tuition scholarship as long as they maintain a 3.0 GPA.  I believe the grade requirement has changed since I went there about 8 years ago, but in-state tuition wasn't as must either.   I paid zero dollars for tuition at a top 25 public school, and two of my three roommates did the same (the other got the pell grant; federal grant money for families that can't afford education loans).
0	Not even close to the worst, but I'll confirm that the thought is incredibly aggravating. In theory I agree, but here's the deal. How does one 'earn' them? Do we give prompt an courteous service, or is that just our job? Tell jokes? Drop the rest of our sections so you feel more attended to than everyone else? Lick your boots? We have no way to know what you want. Worse, if you take the time to explain what you want (I love waiting through those speeches), you're not only wasting time that we could have spent getting you fed, but also feeding all the other patrons. Or checking the kitchen's work. Or cleaning, or stocking, or any of the other multitude of things we have to do.   Now, don't get me wrong. I generally make decent money, and enjoy my job. But that's due in large part to usually being able to spot the folks that want me to earn their respect before I can earn money, and passing them to less experienced servers. We see hundreds or thousands of people a week; we get pretty good at reading people.
