0	Just some advice for on old man...  (not that old, but a little old.) It's likely healthy to tell her she hurt you.  Because she did, and that sucks...  Here's the key word though, explore...  Back when my friends and I were in college, a friend of mine finally asked particular girl out. (we'll call him C)  She was his first girlfriend. (we'll call her D)  A week into dating he broke his leg.  A week later she left him for another friend of ours who had been aggressively courting her. (we'll call him F)   That was kind of a shitty thing for D to do to my friend C.  Especially since F was kind of an ass.  Most of our friend group was really pissed at D for a while.  Later, most forgave her too.  She tried dating C, it didn't work out as well as she thought it would with F.  That's life.  She wasn't under an obligation to continue dating C.  It was stupid to dump C for F, but people are allowed to be stupid in romance.  C never forgave D.  Years later he still holds a grudge against her.  And that kind of sucks since D isn't a bad person and is a friend of many of his friends.  But that's life.  I'm not sure what happened to F.
0	It's a part of US foreign policy to have a hyper-power military. It allows the US to exert its influence globally. Also, the reserve currency status is maintained by being able to manhandle other countries. It's a little known fact that we invaded Iraq to get to Saddam due to his efforts to trade Euro's for oil instead of dollars for oil. As long as the US keeps the reserve status for the US currency, it will continue to be sought after by all countries because they need oil.
1	Locket, coin and tank items like Randiuns are of more use when utilized in a team with great individual champs who can hold their own vs an AoE-damage enemy: The first two for AoE buffs, the latter to strengthen the "weakest link" in a team.   Mikael's importance lies in countering the emerging assassin/single-target burst teams, which aim to CC-lock and incapacitate a target to gain a numbers-advantage for the following skirmish. The added ability to save said (usually high-priority)target that mikael's grants, allows for more aggressive builds on that person's part while increasing the chance of fighting an even battle for longer. The same goes for Face of the mountain, except that it doesn't cleanse.
1	You're a Summoner of the Institute of War. During League matches, you summon a powerful being you control to do the fighting for you.   Generally this is an entity from Valoran, but sometimes (Fiddlesticks, Cho'gath, Anivia, Malphite, Kayle, Morgana, maybe others but I forget) it's from somewhere else.
1	Quite easy to explain actually.   Since more people are in the lower tiers of play then the higher tiers, it's the same on this subreddit, this means that a large part of the community can relate  and  empathise to "struggling in Bronze", add in a heart-warming title and image (check out popular image subreddits, heart-warming stories everywhere, "my disabled sis painted this", I just found this 1 legged kitten with an eye patch look what he's doing", massive percentage of the time on these popular image subreddits the story is either a repost or faked, for karma, and it works).   Now the second post you linked to, it's about known fixes for League, except for 99% of all players never have an technical issue when playing League, so they don't really find any use for it, it's cool and all that someone put the effort in to help those that need it but a large percentage of the "fixes" are basic shit and the majority of the player base don't need it.
1	so heimer with the lowest base movement speed of ALL champs can outrun a karthus with wall of pain? um. no.   lets weigh it out.   your setup:  4,5% movespeed (quints), so 313 mspeed total.  15 ap , a little mana reg, 80 hp (dorans)  no pots   vs   350 movespeed  (boots)  15 ap (quints)  no mana regen  450 hp in pots   so basically what you are saying is:   "i pick the same offensive stats, just less defense and less movespeed.  and no ignite. "  so i cant ever kill anyone and can never get away from ganks. also i cant ever recover from trades and die as soon as i get poked repeatedly.   also this post is gonna get downvoted for telling the truth.
1	I disagree , early game jungles ( Lee , Kha , Pant , Elise , etc.) , if you compare them to support junglers ( Maokai , Amumu ,Naut etc ) are actually I dare to say no risk high reward . If you have Lee agasint Amumu , you will mostly never be scared of ganking lanes , due to the fact that you will usually win 2vs2 engages , if you ever meet Amumu in his jungle with red buff on , you will with high chances secure yourself a kill , because hands down all you have to do is to slow him aa him to death flash when he flashes and hit Q .
1	On Ori I usually start with faerie charm, ward and pots, then build charm into chalice most of time, especially if I need magic res, if not Morellonomicon or tear are good pick ups. You don't need 2 mana regen items, if you get blue buff and Athene's/Morello/Seraph it is enough considering mana and mana regen. After Chalice I usually buy tier 1 boots, then get Fiendish Codex and finish Athene's and Sorc Shoes (unless I need even more mres/cc reduction, like vs Veigar I'd build mercs), then I start building towards Zhonya's. You can try building RoA as mana sustain item if you find yourself closer to fights. It depends mostly on your playstyle, I like having my Ball close to max range or on someone in the middle of the fight, usually I stay back in fights and rarely am in auto attack range. I'd build tankier, with RoA, if enemies can easily reach me and Zhonya will not save me most of time or if I get close enough to toss autoattacks in fights. If I am ahead I build Rabadon's first, if not I find zhonya good vs both AD and AP, the active is plain ridiculous. After mana sustain item, boots, Zhonya's it gets situational. Against opponents like Diana or Akali you can try building Abyssal, so that if they get in melee range you can deal some more damage to then and you also have additional magic res. If you see that enemies are getting mres build void staff, when they are stacking health liandry may be a good pickup. If you already bough, let's say, Athene's and it's too late to get RoA you can pick Rylai's for some additional hp, the passive is not the best on Ori, since all her damage is AoE and she already has a slow, but I find the hp can help immensly survive some bursty champs, unless they are incredibly fed. Other tanky option vs magic assassins can be Banshee's. Rabadon's is of course great if you can afford it, gold and defence-wise. If you are getting focused your last item may be something like GA, if not, and you don't have it yet, go for hat. You can also go for some spellvamp, either WotA or Spectral Wraith if you want some more health sustain and they are not really bursty.
1	Personally, I think it's something like this:     C9   TSM/CLG   CLG/TSM   LMQ   DIG   COL   CRS   EG     With 2-4 probably being a toss up until week 8ish. It really depends on how agro LMQ plays, and how well the other teams can capitalize on it.   I'm also not really sure what to do with Dig. Their roster looks good on paper, but we'll have to see how it goes.   Also I have COL > CRS because Pr0lly is my favorite pro so that boots them 1 spot (they're also my draft team.....).   Honestly though, a lot of this split is going to come down to "What do the other teams do about LMQ," since they have that super agro chinese playstyle. That could easily make or break a lot of the games, we'll have to say.
0	I uninstalled LoL a couple weeks before finals. At that time, I didn't know Reddit existed, so I basically only used my computer for research. I did well on my exams. I kind of forgot about LoL for a couple months. When I finally downloaded again, so many things changed, and I was a super scrub again (as opposed to normal scrub). After a handful of terrible games, I lost the drive. I play once or twice a week now.
0	Damn, that reminds me of a friend of mines sister. this was not at her birthday though, but all the girls collaborated to ALL ignore her for weeks, she was probably 12 at that time.
0	I have a four year old daughter. She is all about "bikinis."  I was totally anti-bikini until I actually saw her in the pool, lake, and ocean with one on.  She looks like a toddler in a swim suit.  They don't make her look like a Whore; which is what I infer from the tone of your Picard.
0	Stupid? Now if someone told her beforehand and she did it anyway, that's stupid. But not knowing beforehand? That's ignorance not stupidity. You can't get mad at someone for being ignorant because they don't usually have control over it. I never knew tattoo's like that were a thing in the holocaust until this thread. You calling her stupid is similar to calling me stupid. Are you saying that I'm stupid because I've never come across this before? No one ever told me about it and I can't do research on something I don't know about.
0	While I see your point. I think you are assuming way to much about the OP for the sake of a larger point about reddit. The behavior he pointed out is hypocritical and would be equally so if it was a man saying "no one respects me for intelligence while repeatedly drawing attention to his looks." He used the word constantly which implies this wasn't a one time thing.   For that matter, I think women would hold you to the same standard if you repeatedly drew attention to an attractive physical feature while criticizing them for only focusing on your looks.
0	From a guy's perspective I can see why you would think that, but I also think I should say that I think you were wrong to feel guilty or responsible.   I am not joking when I say I've had this happen twice;   This was on two occasions with two different women. We had a great time, I knew them, we were flirting a lot, they were giving the usual "I'm interested" signs, we were alone at their place.  Well we kisses some and then started doing more. Women, for the most part, are horrible at showing ANY form of....I don't want to call it aggression....motivation? during the first time you have sex. They just wait there for you to make the moves. I think it's ingrained in most women at the cultural level.  Well, on two different occasions I've had women whisper "no" and I was like "...." and stopped. I was frustrated because everything up to that point lead me to believe they wanted sex too. I was annoyed at first (who wouldn't be?) but I didn't show that to them openly (didn't insult them or anything), and I just played it off, but I was done. I was nice, was like "okay, that's fine," and then I moved to leave. Well one of them was like "Do you really have to go?" and I thought that was weird. Why would you want someone around you that just tried to have sex with you and you said no to? So I just made an excuse like "Yeah, I have a lot of work to get done. It was nice seeing you!" and all of that nonsense.   but the other girl is what I found bothersome. I had just left school and was studying with her before we started messing around. It played off the same way; I excused myself, said I had stuff to do, etc.  Well, before I left she stood in front of the door and was like, "you can't leave," but when I was like "sorry, I really do have to go," I tried stepping around her, but she got in my way again. Well, I was like "what the hell? the mood is killed for me and I am leaving. she's gotta move."  So I was like "I wish I could stay, but I really do need to go," and I put my hand on her shoulder and didn't shove or anything, I just moved her to the side, and she was like "don't touch me," but she got in my way again, and I was like "Wow, this girl is crazy as hell; can't tell what she is really after here, and this could go back, so I'm gone."  After that I forcibly (but not painfully, just firmly) moved her to the side and got between her and the door so I could leave and I played it off and smiled and was like "I would really love to stay, thank you very much for inviting me over, but I really have to go. I'll talk to you tomorrow okay?" and I didn't wait for a response I just left.   Point being, most, not some but most, women do send mixed messages. You may even have sent a mixed message to that guy.  But as they say, "no means no."  I'm sure that most guys here have a similar mixed-message story.  The difference is, most guys don't rape people. Most guys know that stopping is the choice you have to make when you come across those messages. They don't let it get to the point where you have to beg them to stop; you say no once, a guy thinks about it and then stops.   People with backgrounds in self-defense are not violent; they simply know how to handle violent people. Most people are not violent.  You are not a violent person, so for someone to do that to you, for you to defend yourself without knowing how, you would have had to use violence. It isn't an automatic reaction to defend yourself; that takes practice. If you were a violent person, yeah you would have fought back, probably even blinded the guy or worse. And he deserved it. But don't feel bad just because you are not a violent person. Not being violent has a ton of benefits, including friends and a higher standard of living. Most men don't fight because they're not violent; they would get their ass handed to them in a fight with a violent person of their size or larger, just because they are not expecting to be attacked.   The answer to that is learning and practicing self-defense; and I would recommend anyone take part in it. You'll fight a lot better than violent people do (they typically just take wild swings at people, even the ones with experience fighting, because their goal is to hurt people).   So anyway, don't feel guilty ever.   1) Guys know to stop. If he didn't, even if you think your message was mixed, he knew he should have stopped; he just didn't. Most guys do.   2) You're not violent. To expect to be able to call upon some Hulk-like inner rage at a moment's notice to harm another person is completely unrealistic. Even if they are attacking you, you don't react with "HULKK SMASHHHH!" you were likely scared as hell, like ANYONE would be; don't be ashamed for being a good person who doesn't think about (and practice) hurting other people.   3) There is a huge difference between self-defense and hurting people; the goals can be similar, and part of self-defense is cultivating and harnessing violent tendencies; the difference is, YOU don't become a violent person. You know how you are a different person at your job than you are at home?  It is the same thing with self-defense. You might go bat shit crazy on someone if they pick a fight with you, but once you're done and you get home, you can separate yourself from those emotions and not hurt other people and not feel animosity toward other people. I really really really recommend to anyone, men or women, that you take self-defense AND take it seriously. If you're a good person and you get into a fight with a not-so-good person, your chances of coming out of that situation on top goes down a LOT.   Also, you should contact the police department. One thing you they don't tell you but is a reality is that police do keep people in their brains even if they can't arrest them.  You can even say, "I don't think there is any evidence left but I was raped by X person."  You can try to press charges or not, but what this does is creates a reason for police to look at that person. It's basically saying, "I know I can't prove it and he will probably get away with it, but this guy raped me, so watch his ass."  People remember things like that. And with how the law is, everyone alive is doing something illegal at some point during the day. I remember I was turning at a stop light, it wasn't a two-lane turning light either, well when I turned I didn't turn into the left-hand lane (I was turning left) I kinda coasted into the right-hand lane (no one was there or was allowed to turn or was turning illegally; seemed safe to me. I see a ton of people do it).  Well, I got pulled over for it and given a warning. It apparently IS illegal where I am at.   Point being; even if he "gets away with it," he will have negative attention in his life. Also, if someone else DOES come forward with evidence, you may even be able to step out as a witness.   Anyway, lots of options.
0	Story time!   So i was on vacation in Hayward Wisconsin.  For those of you who don't know its a nice little town in the middle of nowhere but absolutely beautiful.  The town itself is pretty successful due to all of the resorts.   Anyway, we are at the go-kart track in town and i feel something land in my hair.  "Goddamnit another fucking fly" i say to myself as i get ready to try to get the bastard out of my hair.  On rare occasions I am lucky enough to catch the fly when they land in my hair.  So i go to swat/catch the fly.   SUCCESS!! i got the little bastard in my hand.  "Today is not your lucky day you annoying little bastard" i say to myself as i immediatly attempt to crush the fly with my bare hands.   Turns out, its not a fly its a wasp and that fucker got me good.  I start cussing up a storm and flick/throw the wasp away still alive.  I watch him take off but pull a U turn and come straight back at me.  I freak the fuck out, "Hes comming for me i fucking know it!" so i nope the fuck out of there.   Unfortunatly, the area i was standing on was pavement, but just a few steps away in the parking area its gravel.  The moment i hit the gravel i eat shit, HARD.  I get up and look down and my knee is cut the fuck up and there is a MASSIVE hole in my jeans.  $150 jeans i got from my parents for my birthday.  I continue to cuss up one hell of a storm "GOD DAMN FUCKING BEE FUCKING HURTS MY GODDAMN FUCKING JEANS MOTHER FUCKER OW THIS FUCKING HURTS!!!!   SHIT!!!!!!!!!"   I turn around to see about a dozen VERY upset parents and lots of children laughing their asses off at me....   10/10 would do again.
1	Ya Lot of Supports who scale so fast..  Meanwhile people who play carries get stuck...
0	Post secondary is so much easier when it comes to managing your social life. There are so many people in highschool that are just so much different than you are. Some are even intolerant to your differences which is beyond me and blows my mind.
1	Well he was up against a Cowboy Beeboop lane (thats a thing now), with Maokai jungle. So that means a manageable amount of AP early and Rumble/Ryze in the solo lanes (which means a lot a unavoidable AoE lategame).   Maybe he went scaling MR blues and put 2 points in the defensive tree, with 2 points in MR. On corki you really only need 6 into the mana runes for your early harass + summoner insight. (21/2/7) Would be 0.15 x 3 for the level + 4 from the Mastery = 8.5, rounded to 8. Sounds plausible?   Edit: Ok, I checked. On lvl 14 he has 51 MR. So he definitely was running scaling runes. (They were going for a lane swap so that makes perfect sense.) But If he had 2 points into the MR mastery, he should have 53 MR. So he must have been running something non-standard. Weird. I have some spare time on my hands, I'm gonna watch the game - haven't seen it anyways. :D   Edit: Never mind, I'm an idiot. He did something pretty much everyone does (or did) he went 8 MR blues + 1 AD. Because of the way the game rounds, you get a full point extra in ad, even though you only get 1 full point extra. :) That was actually the first thing that popped into my head, but I messed up the math the first time around. Some people claim that doesn't actually work and that the game still calculates it differently though. There was a video of Nhat Nguyen explaining it.
1	Anything can be fixed with number tweaks.   Ashe just got her AS buffed from 3.4% to 4.0% and her pick/win rate is drastically higher than what it used to be.  Tristana got buffed from 3.0% to 4.0% and now Trist is  everywhere .  The worst part that Riot recognized that low stat growth is DEATH for an ADC, and then released Quinn (at  3.1% ) the same patch those two got buffed.   Give Quinn a base stats buff and I'd guarantee you she'd be played.   Give her Ashe/Tristana's attack speed per level (4% per level instead of 3.11%).  Or give her Draven's attack delay instead (-.08 instead of -.065).  Hell, even giving her Graves' AD (51 instead of 48) with Draven's AD growth (3.5 per level vs 3.0) would help.   Riot just doesn't want to buff characters  ever .  I can promise you I could make Quinn a viable carry overnight just by giving her 650 range like Caitlyn.
1	My advice depends on how your ADC likes to play. Personally, as ADC, I like to farm it out because I know I can out farm and zone the other ADC. So I prefer a passive support to sustain me and to protect me. If you think your ADC might need a little help farming, it certainly helps to have a support that creates good harass. It takes the pressure off and gets some free farm, maybe even force a recall. But in my opinion, the best thing you can do as support is make your presence known. As blitz or leona, just you sitting in the bush, with the ability to create hard cc whenever you want is very scary for me as an ADC. If my support or jungler is not close, I will almost never approach bot bushes if they have a support with a lot of cc (blitz, taric, leona, sona ult, now thresh hook). So just letting them know you are there and paying attention is my biggest piece of advice. The other thing I recommend is learning how to peel your opponent off. If they start to get on your ADC, run to your teammate, and run circles around him. This makes it harder to auto attack the right target for the other ADC. I have played with supports in ranked that go straight for hard cc to protect me, but if they miss, or the other ADC flash to me, its over. Staying close is more important and increases your likelihood of keeping your guy in lane.
1	Not meaning to be a dick here but this is already Ro8 so...   Now on a serious note, I think the best solution would be merge both teams to make a really competitive one and another who could work as a nice sparring while developing new talent.   My best guess would be keeping Shy as top lane and Flame to mid (several times has been stated that he wrecks Ambition there) I've been liking Daydream so he should be in jungle. With both Madlife and Space on bot lane. While many show no respect for Space I find him to be the most consistent player on Frost (even more than our beloved GodLife). That team would wreck many teams, the thing is that SKT T1 K and KT Rolster Bullets are way beyond the other teams, the champion of Winter should be the winner of that semi, anything else would be an upset.
0	A laptop actually stands up perfectly in my lap or on my bed. Tablets are always so awkward and uncomfortable to hold at an angle where you can read or interact with. The only place I actually prefer a tablet is on an airplane where the space is very cramped, otherwise a laptop is way more practical.
1	What you can do is different each game based on the role you are in, the way the game is going, and your personal skill mechanics wise. Wall of text inc.   If you are toplane, I would recommend learning champions that are hard to shut down ( I play a lot of teemo and jayce), and get good at winning lane.  If you are really above your tier, you will usually win lane and take tower early.  Then focus on pushing mid/pressuring dragon while still keeping your tower up in toplane.  After mid turret goes down, it is time to start thinking about grouping up and pushing as a team.  It is up to your team and teamfights usually by this point.   If you are midlane, either focus on winning lane, or if you don't seem to have kill potential, roam for kills.  it is harder to take the tower in mid, and often you can get yourself killed doing it alone.  Unless you can kill your lane, roaming (don't roam too early and get behind your opposing laner) seems to be the best option.   as a jungler, I think you will have the hardest time carrying the game, because it is hard for you to do anything without your teammates following up.  Identify which lanes are good for ganking, which lanes might need help, and which lanes are a waste of time.  If the enemy toplane is kennen, either gank early, or don't plan on ganking unless your toplane has CC.  read the gank before it happens and make sure you can actually kill the laner without your lane dying, 2v1 isn't always a guaranteed success, so don't bait your teammate into dying.  As a jungler, you decide when dragon can be taken, so keep an eye on every lane's progress and determine when you can gain an advantage safely.   As an ADC, again, your mechanics should win lane, but regardless, farm as much as possible and be present for teamfights.  Don't be farming the jungle while the rest of the team is at dragon or pressuring a tower, because you are the one that can do the damage to get these objectives, but don't run around the map aimlessly.  If you get bottom tower, move up to dragon or up to midlane and take mid.  if you aren't there as the ADC, it is hard to take objectives properly.   As a support you can carry just like every other position, but you aren't able to come back from a bad situation single handedly.  Like the jungler, you are very reliant on the team, but that doesn't make you unimportant.  early game, you are a laner just like everyone but the jungler, and your job is to make your ADC win lane.  In mid-late game, your ward placement often determines who wins.  You set up a perimeter for objectives, and you keep your carry alive/initiate fights(a lot like the jungler).  The higher the level of play, the more powerful the role of a support/jungler becomes, so it can be harder to climb the ladder in these positions in my opinion.   Hopefully this helps, it is all about how you progress the game in my opinion. You have to lead the team and if you are a higher tier player, you will have the K/D/A for them to trust you most of the time.   I'm only gold V right now on NA, but this is just because i don't play ranked much... my winrate is great so far.  My IGN is whiterabbi
0	My dad is a professor at a college and had this one girl who was absolute hell. She got a C in the class and with a lot of extra credit and kindness, was willing to give her a B. This, however, was not good enough. She "deserved an A and would stop at nothing to get it. My dad was under a lot of stress because he was trying his full professorship and thought he could get her off his back with the B. After a few attempts at an A failed, she seemed to back down. That was until my dad got an email from the girls mother inquiring about her daughters grade. My father then naively emailed her the grade (just the letter, not the actually number). The next day my dad's gets called into his boss's office because the mother and daughter said they were going to sue my dad for giving out the girl's grade without the girl's permission and weren't going to drop the charges unless she was given an A. My dad was absolutely appalled. Over the next couple of days he and the mother/daughter bitch combo had multiple meetings and it was deemed that by being related to the girl and a few other stipulations made it perfectly fine for my dad to have answered her grade question. As a result of all the stress from this event and a few other things, my father lost every hair on his body from alopecia. Fuck that bitch and her mother.
1	So basically, in the bottom lane, there are three sort of  'archetypes' of duoed champions; Sustain, Burst and Poke.   So, a good sustain combo is one that basically wants to make it out of lane phase safely with an acceptable amount of gold/CS. Typically, you find more 'hypercarries' in this lane, like Vayne/Tristana/Kog'Maw. Their early games aren't the best, but their late games are forces to be reckoned with, outscaling even other ADCs. So, in terms of sustain, you'd be looking at a Vayne/Sona, Kog Maw/Soraka lane, something to that nature. The epitome of lose lane win game scenario. (Not saying they auto-lose lane; if they get ahead, well,  you're in for a rough one ).   Then, you've got the opposite end of the spectrum; the burst lanes. These lanes are incredibly powerful in 2v2s, and typically want to fight a lot in the lane and get gold in terms of kills + CS. These lanes are strong early/mid, which is where lane phase ends. A good example would be Corki/Leona, Graves/Blitzcrank, something like that. KILL KILL KILL is basically what they wanna do. Generally, most effective in solo queue.   Then we've got (personally) my least favorite of the bunch, the Poke laners. Typically have higher range than most AD/Support combos, and make their lane lives a living hell. Going to ward? Take an auto, says Caitlyn/Janna. Getting CS? Take an auto, says Ashe/Nami. Basically, every time you do anything in lane, you're going to be harassed. Just because.   So, Poke/Burst/Sustain, we know what they are but how do you play against it? Well, generally speaking, Poke beats Burst (because they can whittle 'em down before they can initiate) Burst beats sustain (How're you gonna sustain if you're  dead , haha) and Sustain beats Poke (A basic back-and-forth of heal/auto/heal/auto/heal). So that's the kind of rock-paper-scissors nature of bottom lane. But, is that it?   No. It's not. Some lanes have a bit of everything; one of my personal favorites is the classic Ezreal/Sona. It's got everything you'd want in a bottom lane; Poke (the Duo-Q-auto) Burst (Crescendo into Trueshot Barrage  hurts ) and Sustain (Sona W + Ezreal's safe farming with Q/E). I wonder why it's been out of play for so long when it's so good, but there ya go.
0	Personal anecdote here:   When I was a kid my dad put a floor to ceiling map of the world in the main hallway of our house. I walked by that thing every day for ~12 years. To this day I ROCK at geography (though countries in Africa have changed a lot in the last 30 years), and have won many a drink in bars being able to name national capitals from around the world.
0	While I do agree with you on the overall point, TECHNICALLY, as long as the portion after "
1	From my experience many of the worst players ( flame wise rather than skill wise) are older , judging from what they say and how they say it  .ie the People who think they are fantastic at the game and call out very misplay by everyone , and go on rants and rages, tend to be more verbose than the people who just grief for the hell of it. Younger players tend to be worse and when called out on it are more likely to feed or just run around doing there own thing . I think this is moreso due to embarrassment , where the older "pros" due it more out of self righteousness . Complete generalities of course , to be taken with a pinch of salt :)
1	Literally stated almost verbatim in what I wrote: the analogy is far from perfect. I was not trying to equate the league community with pro players. I'm saying that part of what makes league fun is the competitiveness, which also applies to sports (at least from my perspective). And when people don't take that competitiveness seriously, it just makes the game frustrating for other people.   As for my
1	There will NEVER be true balance in this game, NEVER.  You simply can not balance 100+ champions so that every single one is viable.   Renekton is very viable at the moment, cleaver stacking frenzy has been a buff to him.   GP has also been buffed by the item changes - more build paths allow him to shore up a lot of the weaknesses he has.   Fiora is never going to be truly viable outside maybe a really niche role, she is very fun (I dig the French accent to) but again,she is one of those really volatile champions for which there is a very fine line between she is shit, and holy fuck she is overpowered - her ult is another weird mechanic - unless you get significant change to it she won't see play.   Trynd is one of the champions listed when Riot (or some Riot employees) talk about bad champion design.  Vlad, trynd, darius, etc.  Champions that have limited counterplay are generally considered toxic to the game.  Vlad with massive free sustain, etc etc.  Having invincibility for THAT long makes balance again quite hard for him.
1	if you are not spending money you really need, then you should not regret, even for you this was not that expensive of an hobby, and you also get the collecting part of it, you seem to have a good paycheck.
1	Irelia is the games #2 top laner, only being bested by Jayce (who is really an equal lane with Irelia, but Jayce crushes most lanes as opposed to Irelia controlling them)   She has 0 bad lanes, and when played properly can be plenty aggressive level 7+   But the thing to mastering her is in using the correct item build, depending on the matchup, your team comp, enemy team comp, and the way your lane is going- it calls for different builds.   For example, Brutalizer on Irelia is a really strong rush buy if you really want to pound into the enemy laner- with Brutalizer her ult actually hurts rather than just being a tiny boost- Although this is a rare buy, but useful since Irelia uses Youmuu's quite well so it doesn't have to just sit there.   Doran's blades can be worth investing in, just really simple- give you better trading power, more lifesteal (with innate w its like you have a vamp scepter with 2 dblades) In general, Phage is the core component of Triforce you want, and you won't always build Triforce.   Irelia's core is Phage and Wit's End, then you either turn the phage into a Triforce or Mallet- then build a GA.   As far as GP5, I would recommend against it, although in some lanes it might be a good idea.   The other item I would mention is wriggles. When playing against Yorick or Jayce, it can be a worthwhile investment as it really lets you deal with their harass. Against other heroes you don't really need much more sustain than W, R, and pots as when you trade against most other heroes they'll come out plenty hurt as well by the time you're finishing wriggles.
1	I travelled from the North of England to Cologne via bus with 4 of my friends and it took us around 18 hours to get there. We went to Week 4 of the spring split, and to be honest I really enjoyed the event. It was packed for that week, on the second day we struggled to find 5 seats together but we did eventually.   I spoke to one of the Rioters but that was only because I happened to leave the room at the same time as he did during one of the games, he spoke to me a little, but aside from that one interaction we didn't speak to the casters or any other Rioters that were there. Had a small chat with Sjokz but it was hard to hold a decent conversation with the HUGE line for pictures (like, half of the room stood up to queue for a photo with her).   I think you had a bad experience because of the lack of other people attending. When we were there, the atmosphere was amazing and we had an amazing time.   Got some photos with the pros and all, spoke to Tabzz for like a good 15 minutes (such a nice guy!) and Aranaea is ridiculously happy. Overall we had an amazing time.
1	I promise you that you get just as many free wins from somebody on the enemy team dcing/afking, you simply don't notice it due to confirmation bias. The chances of somebody dcing/afking on their team is actually higher than the chances of somebody on yours dcing/afking (assuming you have a good connection and never afk), so over time it'll actually balance out in your favour. Grit your teeth and play better, I guarantee you that you make at least two dozen mistakes a game or more so what right do you have to bitch and moan about your team? All I ever hear in bronze/silver brackets is ppl complaining that they have garbage luck and that their teams are shit, well dude I'll tell you right now that I play like absolute trash and yet on my bronze smurf I am 20-3 right now. 5 of those wins were 4v5s or 3v5s, and in all 3 of those losses I was like 15/2... but in all 3 of those games I cost us the victory because I made way too many mistakes and if you are the dude who is carrying... making mistakes WILL and DOES lose you the game.
1	I for one love hearing the team voice chat! It would be great to have more tournaments with this feature. I would also love to have 2 streams or an option to switch between which team I'm hearing.   Alternatively you can have what F1 has and the important moments to be added to the stream. This can't be hard if you add a 1 minute delay and have people listening to the voice chats (Maybe some time in a future).
1	After watching you play udyr (jungle - phoenix) and here is what I wanted to say about it: 1) You are behind in lvl to your bot by 3 lvls, how is that possible (you where lvl 5 [score 0-0-0] your bot lvl 8) 2) You max R on Udyr and you make a tiger build whats up with that? 3) When you run away you dont use Bear stance or even turtle (gives u resists you know) but you run in phoenix being destroyed in seconds 4) In a teamfight you dont initiate you just wait for blitz to run in, if you want him to start a TF just tell him to hide and pull some1 to your team not run in like a Rambo 5) 25min of the game you buy heart of gold!!!! Why know!! You think this game will last for 60 mins? 6) Lantern on phoenix udyr why?!?!? you clear camps in a sec without it... why waste so much gold ... buy AS item and gank oh !! almost forgot 7) GANKS GANKS GANKS where are there? Why are you trying to gank the least gankable lane... BOT the lane that in % has the least to do if you win or lose... gank top this is important lane for you cause you have a 1v1 if your team loses that lane you will lose the game.... priority in ganks is: TOP ---> MID ---> BOT not the other way around 8) You play udyr from a guide... lol   Conclusion... Like all players unranked (under 1 250 rating) you think you are good but there is some unholy power holding you down at this low rating. But watching your game as udyr that you won (but had nothing to do with the win almost) makes me believe that your current elo is your ELO... you shouldnt be 1 200 elo player cause you dont have the knowledge and the skill to be there. You play jungle and you have in a 40 min game a 67 cs score... this is not bad it is freakin terrible...  If you want to be closer to 1k elo start larning the game and its mechanis not just going solomid.net guide and lets make this it will be awesome! cause as you should know it is not awesome....
1	Usually it's caused by one team not wanting a 1v1 or 2v2 so they do the lane swap. By lane swapping, if both do not do it, a jungler will come to aid in the pushing. The other team notices it and does the same. It can also work if you have a noticeably faster tower pusher (ex. jinx), you can hope to catch your opponent off guard and get more towers than they do in the short push. Now that teams know it can happen, it's a lot more about noticing if the other team does a lane swap, and usually results in no net gain for either team (except bot lane has easier dragon access)
1	After 3 consecutive losses just call it a day and do something else(go for a walk,watch a stream or something).If that happens(3 losses in a row) you will feel bad obviously so more losses means feeling worse than less losses. Now about the soloq thing and the high amount of kills,I think it's how you see the game.I.E.:I see it as a strategy and i everything i do is for taking objectives(fights,moves,towers).Also there is something the late game thing.I.E.:60 min long game you have 20 kills with <CHAMPION> it means absolutely nothing in this point of game(only vayne/kog counts this late).
1	I won't be a dickhead, but why Riot should optimize the client for Mac? You know, this type of pc it's not adapt for videogames. And it's not like the issues with low-hardware pc,  cause a Mac cost pretty much, and with the same price of it, you can also buy a Win pc that can run all videogames without issues. Mac it's not adapt for videogames, you should think twice before buy it... also, i'm not an Apple hater, but like 4 years ago, I bought a laptop (330€, if I remember correctly), and before it, the shop assistant told me about this, that games can maybe have issues (the laptop was Asus, not a Mac). Mac have the same problems, they have a nice softwares on it, but for other jobs, like graphics!
1	Couple things:   If the account was permabanned it went through a few punishments prior that warned you you're on the wrong path. They do not unban players unless it happened by a freak accident and was totally undeserved.   Take the knowledge you gained from both in-game and out and grow as a player and person. You know what you did is wrong, you know what you need to do, do it. Do not sit there and think "I've been banned on an account because people have reported me for a multitude of reasons that say I am a negative impact on this community" then go and do it on another account. If you have to mute everyone the moment you get in, do it until you get some thicker skin and gain the ability to ignore people's insults.   Even if your second account gets banned, if you buy exp boosts (timed and win based) it takes a few days of hardcore yi vs sona 3v3 bot match grinding / arams / normals to hit 30. If you want to keep playing on a new account after, this is part of your punishment.   You will end up getting to whatever elo you deserve to be eventually. The important thing is, win or lose, you learn something from each match and apply it to your future games. IE I just barely lost my 1v1 as Talon vs Zed; if I waited for him to ult before using my E, I could've silenced him for the duration of the death mark and stopped a lot of damage while I go hard on him and pick up the kill.   One more note about the raging. It does 0 good for you or anyone else. You have to take the moment you get upset about something and understand why you are upset and what you can do next time to prevent it. Clear your mind for a moment and actually think. "F'ing jungler just came in and ganked me mid---Well it is 7:30 so blue probably just respawned, I should've played a little safer or get a ward before-hand so I can find him before I push or go for an all-in."   *If it's a troll or afk, shrug it off and learn what you can during your game (Learning how to play from behind for example).   Lastly: the dream isn't over until you decide it is.
0	The definitions of accidental discharge and negligent discharge are different within circles of those trained to handle firearms. As such, most "gun guys" who really know their stuff will say that any time a gun fires when you pull the trigger but you weren't expecting a shot, is a negligent discharge. Any time the gun unexpectedly fires and no one pulled the trigger, is an accidental discharge. Your definition of accident seems to include negligence but this is not the case in firearms training.
0	both partners must work to provide for the family unit. If only one individual has a formal job then the informal tasks should be carried out by the other spouse e.g. cooking/cleaning/accounting/child care and so on.   not saying it should be all or nothing but the stay at home spouse should be the main contributor to the household tasks.
1	Win your lane, punish every lane, kill their carry in teamfights... These tips are good if you are able to get the advantage on the other mid laner, but even if you gank other lanes effectively it might not result into a victory. But the most important aspect of the game is Team spirit. You need to keep the morale of the team a good a possible. If your team is starting to rage at eachother, you could be 40-0 and it won't make a difference.   The chat box is pretty much the place where people lose most of their game. Wether it is in champion select or during the game. People start to argue then they lose focus and they start to throw. The only good thing to say in chat are pretty much : -glhf -nj -gj -need help :D? -I love this team -gg wp   I've tried it and it works. I was stuck in silver V for a long time and now i'm climbing the ladder pretty quickly. After a while you will play vs  people with better mechanics and all and at this point it will be important to roam when you need to roam and to punish other lane when you have the opportunity.
0	I was at a party a while ago and a friend brought his girlfriend from Oslo, Norway; everyone else went to the same school in California. Apparently no one else there was interested in talking to her and she was just standing alone, visibly uncomfortably in the darkest part of the room. I walked up and asked her what was wrong and she said, "nobody here is interested in anybody's unique experience, or where i came from. no one will ask me questions, or even bother to figure out how to say my name correctly."   I guess most people I know get uncomfortable when they have to ask people to repeat things. She has a thick accent and an unusual (for an American) name. I think the main difference between myself and most people I know is that I am not embarrassed to ask people to repeat themselves if I don't understand them the first time they say things. I am legitimately curious as to our social differences, and having a language and/or cultural barrier makes me all the more interested in finding a common ground. It sucks when someone won't take the time to TRY to understand where you're coming from, or even put in the effort to pronounce your first name.
0	My favourite occurrence of this is when I was driving my girlfriends car which is only a little 1.0 litre Volkswagen Up.   I pulled off the motorway still doing around 75mph on the first part of the slip road, and an Audi S5 flew past me. Must have been doing 90+.   He hits the lights at the bottom, comes to a stop, edges forward a few feet (I'm still coming down the slip road at this point.) After having gone too far forward he stops, and I can see from the exhausts and slight rattling of the car he's revving it for the quick pull away.   The thing he's failed to notice is that past this set of traffic lights is another set. And past that set of traffic lights is another set. And they're all on red.   However I know that when the lights to the right of our road turn red for the other traffic, there is around a 1 second gap before ours turn green. I also know that if I hold it steady at 40mph going through the first set. The lights at the next set will turn green before I reach them.   I also know that I can then increase my speed to 50mph and the next set will change just before I reach them.   You can probably guess what happens next.   I coast through the first set in the 2nd lane next to him. He floors it. Reaches the 2nd set of lights before me. They're still on red. He comes to a stop. I proceed through that set and pass him at 40mph. He floors it. Up my speed to 50mph. He reaches the final set of traffic lights and stops. I reach the lights as they change and overtake him. He floors it. The lanes narrow down from 1 to 2 with me in front.   [Mfw when he flashes his lights at me like I cut him up.](
1	back in the day (like 2 years ago now) you'd see double ap double wota comps with kennen/vlad and whatnot because of how differently the game was balanced back then and how effective double wota on two manaless high dps mages was. ever since then spellvamp has been steadily nerfed/changed (ya let's put mana regen on an item primarily used by manaless champions, good logic?) and the meta has shifted away from dps on mages to burst. since spellvamp is more effective on your vlad-style dps mages (and manaless ones as well to be fair, but that's mostly limited to like morde and kennen because akali has her gunblade as did old kat until everything became aoe and spellvamp became wasted on her) it just completely fell out of favor. i don't really think riot likes spellvamp as a concept which seems strange because of how enforced lifesteal is on ad champions, but i guess there's something to be said for the differences between the playstyles of ap and ad heroes. not to mention that you're either buying mana (athenes on practically everyone) or you're playing leblanc ... mana ap mr and cdr combined are more important than sustain.
0	Don't take her advice.   Just use common sense. Having a three texts a day rule is fucking stupid.   Take care when your texting a girl to make sure you come across as not needy and no overly attached, but still interested and you're fine.  This means that if she's waiting 30 min to respond to all your texts you best not be responding immediately to ALL of hers, though you should to one after you've delayed a few just to show that you really aren't planning the delays, but living your busy life and they are just happening (even though you really are planning them).   Don't monitor it at all and you will always fuck it up, every time, cuz as a guy you are usually going to be much more into her at the start than she into you. Allowing your true emotions to manifest too quickly will always fuck the situation over. Always.   Note: once she's your girlfriend the rule changes. Being nonneedy is still important, but her feeling like she is important to you and valued and loved is more important and it's why the girl above me dumped her bf for his dumbass 3 text rule. (also she did it because his patten was too obvious and the pattern itself, though designed to make him look smooth actually showed her how nervous he truly was. And it killed the attraction.)
1	The only submission to "best non-meta discussion" that is actually a discussion, a substantial one at that, also the only one that is not a story, not a circle jerk, not a cat-fighting pissing contest, etc.   Also I haven't seen it before and seems like a very valid observation that actually warrants a bigger discussion.   Good going.   Also since you didn't include any information, for people looking for a
1	If that support is Taric, he'll probably solo you. Then he'll mercilessly hunt down the rest of your team, like a fabulous, gem-studded Vayne.   ^^^
