1	I love how first blood is almost a bait now for the enemy, forcing them to use summoners. One game I was supporting and my ad (was not my duo) we both gave there bot lane a kill around 1:25 in game. but we walked back in lane, didn't say much about it, however we had summoners, they didn't and we ended up stomping the lane and win the rest of the game
1	I think itemization for tank junglers right now is in a good spot. As a jungler, I can never buy every item I want. My builds after I finish core items for specific champs are ALWAYS different and based around the game I am in. I have to make tough calls like give up HP for the utility and armor of a frozen heart, or take a safer route and go warmog's or randuins so I don't get bursted quickly. Basically, I always have to sacrifice  something  which makes tanks strong. For example, against a balanced/bursty team comp, I might have to sacrifice utility for pure HP/Armor/MR stats, or sacrifice armor against a fed mage. While of course some builds are obvious, such as the Randuins + Thornmai + FR combo against a strong ADC or a full AD team comp, you have to remember,  building this way is a weakness in the enemy team which I am countering . I can't take this auto-attack hating build into a game against a strong AP mid and a caster ADC and expect to do well. While I do agree that there should be more/stronger lifesteal options, I want to make sure that the jungle meta doesn't get punted back to the age where J4, Vi, Rek'sai and Nidalee were the only strong picks.
1	I try and post this everytime I see one of these threads.  Tier 1 runes are a good deal, and tier 2 are the worst deal in the game.   You can get 6 tier 1 AD, Armor, and Magic Resist runes for 270 IP.  1 Quint is between 40 and 165 IP, depending on what you want.   note: you unlock 1 rune spot per lvl, so you only need 6 marks, seals, and glyphs   A tier 1 armor rune gives 0.78 armor; a tier 3 gives 1.41.  A tier 1 costs 15 ip; a tier 3 costs 205.   Tier 2 are a waste of IP!  Continue to buy tier 1 runes until lvl 30, then get all lvl 3.
1	Lots of people here saying "click the terrain, not the entrance". Yes, that is how you do it. However, for thin walls like baron, second turret jungle wall, and a few others success rate decreases dramatically, often pathing us around the wall during a team fight. This could be solved by a larger area to click, right at the entrance of the tunnel. Someone said a meep that takes you through, I think a chime would be more appropriate since they speed you up. Meeps would definitely be cooler though.
1	Out of the four champions you listed, I would recommend maining Ahri.   Ahri's versatile and can pretty much fit into any team comp. She has a fairly high skill cap so you can keep on improving your mechanics with her. She also has a pretty stable lane phase as well as excellent roams. With the addition of the new item Luden's Echo Ahri has only gotten stronger! And also an extremely integral part of mid laners is mobility, of which Ahri has a shit ton.
1	Chat restrictions, bans, and any current punishments are merely quick fixes to the problem of "toxicity." Toxicity stems from different opinions and becomes an issue when neither side will back down to another's point of view. Needless to say toxicity actually resounds in every single person. Although a person who is a lot more verbal and harsher with his/her words will be punished, a player who can choose their words wisely yet still know how to irritate another player by their actions and or remarks will not be.  Some people don't handle criticism or any negativity well. Another problem is people also refuse to accept that their way does not work which may cause animosity within his own team. This player may not be "toxic" but their ignorance to the players around him will agitate someone else.
0	Otherwise, you're going to have to be more creative in your sales pitch.   And then people get offended when you are "more creative", because now you are manipulating them.
1	Zyra is a pretty strong Jungler, and she with red buff and she long range auto attack can easily slow ur opponent and easier to hit the grasping roots. Zyra can jungle without losing health thank to her plants after lv2. She is also very easy to carry games because people won't expect that much damage from a "support" Jungler. She can 1 shot ADC or APC pretty easily.
1	Regardless of how bad of a game this was for TL. I think this gives a really good insight into the communication issue the team is having, and not to jump on the bandwagon, but I feel like Piglet is the catalyst for the lack of communication. I've been in groups where you ask someone a question, they don't respond, and the group as a whole becomes less communicative and more cold/quiet. You see the beginning of the video, Dom asks Piglet about playing against Impact and Piglet completely ignores him.
0	I had a...strange experience when I went to watch MoS. The theatre was packed and this family of 6 (consisting of a mom, dad, grandpa, grandma and 2 kids) got there late. There was one seat next to me and the grandpa took it, the seat in front of him in the next row was taken by the one of the kids. The mom found a seat somewhere else with the grandma and the dad sat on the floor with the other kid because they didn't want to be stuck in the very front row.   About half an hour goes by and I really had to pee. I tried to tough it out but couldn't bear it so I went to the bathroom. When I got back, something was off. My friend who sat next to me was gone (I found out later he went to the bathroom after me) and my seat was suddenly occupied...by the grandma. Neither the grandpa nor the grandma spoke a lick of English and me, wanting to just sit and enjoy the movie, just took my friend's seat.   5 minutes later my friend comes back. He looks at the grandparents, looks at me and asks what's going on. I told him she took his seat. He accepted defeat and ended up sitting on the ground.   Thankfully the mother came and told the grandma it was wrong to steal seats and forced her to leave. She ended up taking the poor kid's seat in front of the grandpa and he had to sit on the ground with his dad and sister.   Who in their right mind thinks its okay to take someone elses seat in a  packed  movie theatre?
1	I like how you counter theoretical profits lost with theoretical profits gained.   But anyways, it may help in some ways and hurt in others. I don't know and I know you don't either, or any one else for that matter (unless you're one of Riot's bean counters).
0	It isn't industry change that's the issue, though, you also need to take into account the rate at which the industry changes. Working in the computer field, I can tell you it's a very forward thinking industry. Everything we software engineers build must be scalable, and usually take into account changes in computer systems. It's not like anyone's invented a brand new way of computing in the last 15 years, rather we continually make small changes to existing ideas, so it's rather easy to keep up once you have your foot in the door. Welding, on the other hand, will either have no change at all, or change entirely. I am not a welder, nor do I have experience with it, but I can assume you either invent a new from of welding that makes older methods (and presumably equipment) obsolete, or there is no change. Sudden change you can't keep up with will make you lose your job. If slow, gradual change you didn't bother learn makes you lose your job, you have no one to blame but yourself.
1	Depressed  at how many people" FTFY :p   Gj on the video though, the only thing I would say is that the beginning/ intro sounded way too scripted and you used the word "senses" way too much. Once it's understood that we are talking about senses you should just say "they". Ie: at one part of the video you said something like "there are many factors that can influence your senses, things like hearing aids and contacts can improve your senses, and burns and loud noises can deteriorate your senses." The sentence would flow better if after you introduced the topic of senses you just used they. Ie "There are many factors that can influence your senses, things like hearing aids and contacts can improve your them, and burns and loud noises can deteriorate them."   Just giving some friendly advice! Sorry if that came off as pretentious D:
1	Ahri is really good at diving the back line, and if she can land her charm, it will make or break a fight.  Her farming is a bit tough early game (doesn't have a quick lane clear early game).   Ori is my personal favorite AP mid atm.  Her early game is a bit boring if you go chalice (which I recommend).  Once you get a chalice on her, you can harass as much as you want and still farm very, very, very easily.  Late game, with an Athene's, you can harass so easily, as all of her cooldowns are very short.  Back lines FEAR Orianna's ball and you can easily drop an ADC or squishy APC, as well as chunk most bruisers.  Her shield is amazing late game, shielding for something like 500 damage, doing damage on the way to it's target, as long as like a 5-8 second cooldown late game (depending on your cdr)   Orianna can combo amazingly with any diver.  Malphite ult into Ori ult, awesome.  Amumu ult? Same thing.   ~ ~ ~
1	My understanding is that,     Something that applies %HP dmg hits you (i.e. Blade of the Ruined King, or Vayne's Silver Bolts)     How much dmg it will do to you is based on your current or total HP (this is calculated at the time of collision)     But the dmg is multipled against your current resistances (armor of BoTRK or magic resist of Liandry's Torment), then subtracts this amount out of your "life pool" (not an official term).     Your "life pool" pool includes. HP, normal shields (barrier, janna's shield, Bloodthirter Shield, Locket of the Iron Solari), MR exclusive shields (Lifeline passive, Kassadin's Null Sphere, Morgana Black Shield...)
1	Do you guys plan on expanding the universe of the shadow isles with other maps to play?   For instance, considering whats been said by the lore and the speculations that have been made in the forums... Do you guys plan on making an instance theme'd run?   Something along the lines of two teams attempting to reach a goal within the center, (i.e. one team is attempting to revive the king and the other team is attempting to prevent it by sealing). Where in which both teams will have to go through a series of mini bosses or other types of obstacles that would obstruct them from their goals?   I'm really interested in the lore of the shadow isles and I feel like the new TT cannot flesh out the story beyond what the map offers.  LoL is in this position where instances can be made due to the progressive leveling system of the champions. This gives it the ability to create a variety of different modes to play within without having to implement different mechanics.
0	Canadian here. Whenever I drive through the states, I'm always taken by how amazingly friendly people are. Yes, Americans are a bit heavy on guns and god, but overall very decent people.  Now that is contrasted with the American government who would screw you three ways to Sunday if it benefited them in the slightest way.
0	The thing is, I don't really have any 'secrets'  per se  but I do have private thoughts/experiences that I would occasionally like to share with close friends, under the condition that they keep the information to themselves.   I had a difficult experience in my first year of university (suffered from really bad anxiety and depression) and I told my cousin/very close friend about it, simply because I  needed  to get it off my chest... later I found out that she blabbed all about it to her boyfriend (who I'd met in person ONCE). She betrayed my trust for the sake of telling a [not even that interesting] story.   I can understand sharing information/"secrets" with your SO if it is  relevant  to the both of you. But my mental health issues were none of my cousin's boyfriend's concern. Certain information really does not need to be shared. I needed a confidante, not a FOX news reporter.   Sorry for the wall of text... not necessarily directed at you personally... but I'm slightly bitter about this topic.
1	Well /r/leagueoflegends isnt`t that bad, but I get what you mean. I took a look at /r/starcraft and it was really boring tbh. Let there be posts about esports and celebrity, but also keep the fan made stuff :) I am here for info but also for the LOLS :)
1	I seriously cant believe this thread is being upvoted so much.   As an EUW player, I know this are looking shit, but the amount of stupidity in this post is just ridiculous so let me start with this.   >We finally want some answers! What is the situation? Is there any progress? Are people genuinely trying to fix the problem? How long do you estimate it will take to fix it? Are sales/TPA skins being extended, since they are inaccessible to many players? Will Riot eventually just take the blame and honestly apologize to the players?   The situation is THEY ARE WORKING ON IT. There is nothing else to tell you apart from that, cause that is what every single company does. They have a problem, they fix it, they release an official statement of what happened. Since that hasnt happened, they arent going to be Day 1: We are sorry. Day 2: We are extremely sorry, they dont have the time nor the utility to babysit whiny children who are impatient. This is not the first time a server has been in trouble, and I highly doubt its going to be the last. There are issues, and they can be resolved. Or is the fact that thousands of people playing without an issue (especially streamers, I havent seen a single streamer complain about the issue once they've applied the generic fixes).   As far as progress goes, Its not something you achieve for in a very 0 to 100% achievement. You dont mash buttons till it fixes. The problem is Riot doesnt know the problem, if you took the time to read this is what they say:   >The main issue is that it strikes seemingly from nowhere in a 5-30 second flash, causes a chain reaction of problems and then resolves itself. However it leaves behind a login queue and other lingering issues which then also take time to resolve themselves giving the impression that this is of a much larger scale. We have a lot of monitoring systems in place to catch this transient state, and just so you guys know we have not stopped searching between the problems.   If you have a little bit of knowledge, you would realise how hard this becomes to fix. Really people, just think with your head for a minute. You all call Riot a money hungry company, yet at the same time dont apply the logic all the way around, dont you think they would want you guys to play more seeing as how tons of people not connecting would be hitting their pockets a ton.   Are they going to apologize and extend Sales etc? YES! Most likely they will, but they wont do it until they fix the problem. You dont put a bandage over a bleeding wound and expect everything to be okay, you stitch it up, then put a smiley face bandage so that it looks better and everyone is content.   Furthermore, complaining about a second technician asking for your logs again is not a big deal, they dont have the time to ask through your last connection for your logs, they'll just ask you to send them again, they work on their own table with their own tools, asking for a backlog from others is just going to slow them down more. They have more than just one person to cater to.   So to sum it all up
0	A guy in a shitty white dodge pickup rearended me when I was waiting at a stop light. I got out to make sure my car wasn't completely fucked. My car looked completely fine despite the hard hit. When I'm looking at my car the guy takes off. I get back in my car and follow him and phone his plates in.   Later that day I find out that my car had actually been totaled despite showing no outside damage. My trunk wouldn't open and the crumple zone in my trunk where the spare tire is, is completely smashed in, but the outside of my car looks perfect.   The next day I take my motorcycle to work and while on my way I see the same fucking shitty white pickup truck. I turn and follow him into a parking lot and phone it in again.   Cop arrives as he's coming out and I explain what happened. The cop didn't seem to give too much of a shit since my car wasn't there, but I got the guy admitting that he hit my car and that he left because there was "no damage".
0	This is just a more complicated version of an earlier post
0	TIP: when you are finished your smoke instead of flicking it on the ground or throwing it in the trash and risking a fire, put your still burning butt back in your pack, it will smoulder out when you close the pack and you can toss the butt safely in the garbage later. Your pack will smell like an ashtray until you dispose of the butt, but as a smoker you already smell like an ashtray so no biggie. I smoke and no matter how much I wash my hands, chew gum etc, I still smell like a cigarette. This works for partial smokes when your break is cut short and you dread the financial loss of tossing an almost full smoke. When I put a lit cig in my pack people look at me like I'm a crazy pyro, but it extinguishes quickly.
1	My theory on this stuff and the new icon system:  "So this new system for icon earning, I figured it out. Purely because I am obsessed with lore. The rules for the new system are you need to win 10 games with 1 of the three lower level icons everyone will have. If you do so without swapping your icon to one of the other 3 lower level ones then you unlock a higher level icon. You can only have 1 of the higher level icons owned at any time. Seems cool and nifty but why these rules? Well we got to look at all the lore stuff they are doing. three groups are now waring in Freljord. Trundle trading his tribe for his life to the Ice Queen as one of the groups. Anivia finding an ally in Ashe for another. And Volibear teaming up with Senjuani to defeat the darkness for the third group. Three icons - Three groups. My prediction for the icons is that the three basic ones will be Trundle, Volibear, and Anivia. Using one for ten game wins gives you the force they joins icons (Ashe, Senjuani, or Lissandra). I'm assuming the reason for only being able to pick one is they want you to pick sides. There is going to be some huge event coming to League soon to release all this and they want us on different teams for it. I really hope I am right, and that this turns out as awesome as it could be. It also is a reason for them using placeholder images for the testing on PBE.
0	obviously a throwaway cause I fully expect to get down voted into oblivion but here goes.   LGB sure I get that whatever do what you want hell I even get drag kings/queens transvestite etc etc but the thing LGB have in common is GENERALLY you don't have the problem of welp thought I was with a woman (or man what have you) but oops guess not turns out I'm actually with a dude or vice versa. The biggest problem I have with that is the arguments "Well it doesn't matter what I was before I'm now a man (or woman) so treat me as such" or "I wouldn't tell my prospective partner/partner that I was born as a different gender because I fear for my safety (or because I'm a woman/man now)" (both of which I've argued with my friends that are trans and have seen/heard time and time again)   Ok well it doesn't work like that If I sold you a car I claimed was a Ferrari for 250K but it was really a fiero with Ferrari on the title a body kit and a paint job. You'd be more than a little pissed off and I'd be sued into oblivion for fraud. If I were to use the same analogy describing a trans person I would be labeled transphobic racist etc etc.   I have a friend who was with a guy for almost a year (my friend is MtF) when the guy found out that She was trans he broke up with her. My friend just couldn't understand why he would do such a thing "they were in love etc etc etc" "it shouldn't matter what I was I'm female now" and I had to think to myself I don't know maybe because you flat out LIED to the guy even if by omission it's still a lie   Another thing I don't get is okay you got SRS hormones etc etc that doesn't make you the gender you want to be except in appearance. If I spent 400 thousand on a totally realistic mecha giraffe costume,ate leaves,hung out with other giraffes,chilled on the plains of the Serengeti  ,tried not to get eaten by lions, truly thought I was a giraffe and told everyone beforehand to treat me as a giraffe because I am one now. It doesn't matter cause I'm still not a giraffe I'm a guy who spent exorbitant amounts of money to LOOK like a giraffe
0	This happened to me over a year before I started dating my boyfriend. He had built a recording studio in his house and I swear to God (still) I just looked through the photos of it ONE TIME and I don't even normally use Chrome so it's a problem with sample size and now his Facebook is permanently on my top sites. One year later: DM;HS.
0	Scroll to the bottom for actual examples.
1	This is a bit of an aside, nonetheless, I will post it to get my thoughts out...   IMO the progression of the game and outcome is more a reflection of the player and fellow allies skill/experience and attitudes, more so than the team comp 80% of the time.   Sure you will have that AD Soraka or AP Yi, but as long as they fulfill the role they sought out to play, and do it in a proper manner, it would not really bother me. The game is about having fun, and if they have fun in the process of playing a certain champion in an unorthodox, proper, style - let it be.   Often times, if I say that I am going to play a certain champion an 'unusual' way, more of the problem lies with my teammates having a negative attitude right off the bat (and consequentially possibly losing the game - especially when we could have won, or won the game by a greater margin).   Overall, if someone says they're going to play a champion out of the mainstream ways - let them do it, and only get mad at them if they go astray from the summoner's code (feed, rage, grief, etc.); something you should do with each individual regardless of who or what they are playing as.
1	Ok for clarification, I'm trying to re-explain this to you guys, since some guys didn't really seem to get what I was talking about.   So [THIS]( doesn't make much sense to, me since I don't know any person that actually types in something like "fighter" to filter for specific champions.   Instead, I thought something like  [custom item sets]( where you can just tag specific champions the way you want.   And then you can go to "Champions" and select the tags you've set:   [Something like this]( roles and maybe a tag for personal needs, in my example tank, but it can just be something like "favorite champions" or whatever.
1	Fun Fact. The slow Kayle gets from frozen mallet is different depending on whether she has her E activated or not. If she is using her melee attack, then she gets the greater slow that melee champs get from Frozen mallet. If she is using her ranged attack then Frozen mallet will slow for less.   Kayle's E also applies a slow if you have rylai's (because it does magic dmg). Although it applies the lesser slow % because it is an aoe skill.   I could be wrong but I believe the aoe rylai slow, and the frozen mallet ranged slow are the same slow % (15% I think, could be wrong).
1	In the current state of the game health is incredibly overpowered as a result of all the ArP. If you watch top tier players you'll basically see them build anything that comes from a giants belt.   For me personally I've made warmogs my primary defensive item, it will stop the enemy from 100-0ing you in a few seconds and then providing regen while you kite the bruisers. When the build it really varies, I tend to build it as my 3rd item (after BT/BC, ID/PD, etc.) but you need to decide whether its required.   I'll take my last game as an example as it was rather close. I was MF (with a blitz, lee, katarina, kha zix) versus a renekton, lux, sivir, blitz, skarner. Our kha zix fed renekton while I was picking up good money at bottom. I had a BC/BT while renekton had a BC/warmog, my entire team dives in while renekton storms at me, he tears me apart before I have the chance to peel off. So I buy a warmogs, first you get 400 hp from the giants belt and when you finish it this goes up to 1000. Now I'm able to survive his burst and start kiting. Allowing my team to clean up and then help me with renekton. The extra hp gives your team the time to react to what is happening and act accordingly.   Sometimes your team will have a load of aoe cc or their assasins were camped by your jungler and you can just sit back and shoot then it's not necessary to buy a warmogs (yet).   So
1	You got to look from the person who looks through the tribunal, there are a lot of toxic players and almost every game there are people who wants to report. And the amount of reports that needs to be viewed by the employee of Riot is a lot. Here's a suggestion, I don't usually report people but it also makes me not to queue with the toxic players, usually after a game, I wait for 5 minute if there is a toxic player in the game. Why wait 5 minute you ask ? Averagely, that will be the time for someone to go into matchmaking, pick their champions in Champ Select and star the game. So if the people start the game, you won't be able to queue with them while they are playing, so after waiting 5 minute, go back into queue and wait for your game.
1	the thing is, the attributes riot provide is only a guideline. The fact that you can build anything on any champ is (one of the reasons) what makes this game so innovative, if you think it might work (because scalings arent too bad, or how well the skills synergizes together). go try it!   Champions like kennen and ahri were originally designed to be AP carry mids, but instead were built by someone to be AD carries and it actually wasnt too bad.
1	oh lol u guys have no idea... :/   the new lucian is op. if riot doesnt change him at all you'll only see him at lcs very soon when they catch up with the patch. trust me he's broken as sh*t. if you dont believe me then you dont know anything. they litteraly buffed everything. AD, HP, Movespeed, E no mana cost, E lower basic cooldown, E additional less cd each passive it and all that buffs only for having lower AA range? fine he's a vayne now (should be able to bully in laning phase) but when it's over i he's getting a rly big threat and even in laning phase he can just all in with that new kit and winning trades easily coz of the early stat buffs.   Edit: imo OP's
1	Ignorant (the user) states they are in it for the money, not the person/community.   This implies that the changes are not made for the person wanting the change, but for the money the change would bring them.   This means that the changes are not for the community... the LoL playing community. i.e. the ones already playing. This is more of a QOL (quality of life) change, implemented to assist players that have played for a while, not for people new to the game/genre that don't now the importance of said feature. I am only talking about this change in particular, as different changes have different impacts. Most of the changes that people accuse Riot of being money hungry are QOL changes (e.g. implementing various features such as custom item sets that were already made by the users, but made much more accessible by Riot), and this means that it impacts the pre-existing community far more than a new player base.   Also, Riot has no issue with things like custom skins, (as long as you aren't using a purchasable skin) even though it's potential revenue loss (more so, at least, than ultimate timer's in chat).
0	Higher proof alcohols help upper respiratory symptoms because they are both respiratory depressants and vasodilators, (opening up the tubings in the lungs to breath). The sore throat thing I believe in, but I don't know why.
1	Correct, top lane he has his counters, but I see him beating a lot more people there than in mid.  He's situational in both lanes but is more comfortable top but more potential in mid.   Yeah, CLG really gave the opportunity for IG to run Master Yi, it was unexpected too for them.   I would pick Master Yi over Akali or Katarina because he can win different lanes that Akali can't, he can also get the job done quicker and potentially cleaner while Akali or Katarina would be clearly better in more situations than Yi would be.  CLG left a door wide open, low CC count, they couldn't stop Yi, and with Jarvan just being such a great partner for Yi, closing people up and being able to burst primary targets quickly and leaving Yi to finish them off and get AoE damage and a refreshed Q, IG was able to abuse the opportunity that CLG gave them.
1	For me, personally, I try to see it as a challenge.  I try to do the best I can to work on anything that might need improving.  Map Awareness, Ward control, making the correct decision.   I know that it feels hopeless and "what's the point". but as soon as i have an afk'er i try to take the opportunity to at least improve something about my game.   I'll usually just try to focus on one thing that i want improved.  If it's Map awareness I'll try to make a rule to look at the minimap after every CS i make and take a mental snapshot of what i saw.
1	That's neat
1	I think the situation with Dyrus is pretty much compareable to Faker and Solo Que. This might sound weird but hear me out,   In solo que, you lock in your top laner and expect that Vlad to go mid lane. Wrong, he went top lane and now you got a hard time on top. You tell your jungler you need some help, either 1 gank to get you rolling or a few more. Just some jungeler pressure is fine. Now what happends is, your jungler ignores top, he goes mid / bot, vlad gets free farm, you get ganked once or twice even tho you got wards up but hey what you are you going to do against 3 man gank right ? You were under your turret! Wrong! Your team is blaming you, spamming /all with reports and you lose gg ez.   Now just imagine Reddit being with /all people with the bashing and gg ez. Nobody even dares to look at the jungler.   Now on to Faker, if you look at the game vs FNC, his summoners were down, he just got ganked and he STILLS plays the aggressive Faker we know. He had 1 ward up and he is a vulnerable lane to gank. But look at what Bengi does, he wards around Mid lane so Faker can continue to play his game. They don't dance around FNC playstyle, no no they MAKE FNC dance around theirs.   And I think that is the issue we got with Dyrus, if he does get rolling he is an unstopable force to reccon with. So ofcourse they will try to stop that. But if he doesn't get any support from either his Mid laner or Jungler then it's soon a gg for dyrus. Which is happening this entire season.
1	Scrims don´t mean much - they are for testing out new champs/new comps/new strategies and practising to shotcall from behind/even/ahead. They also wanna get a feeling for the playstyle/weaknesses/vision control/champion pool of their opponents.
1	Guis, you think Aatrox and Janna are trollpicks   TIL some people think those picks are trollpicks.   > Trollpicks is something like picking Teemo/Urgot/GP.   Yeah that's what non-meta picks are, although Teemo is quite popular compared to the others.   > Trollpicks are champions like AD Veigar.   Not even all of the times. That would be a non-meta pick which most likely wouldn't work, but still. I've played adc ori too, and kill lanes like Rango/Panth botlane are also sometimes seen in yoloq.
1	Um, these are S4 rosters with POSSIBLE S5 changes, yes the majority of this is not finalized. So effectively everyone is put in their respective positions until confirmed otherwise (Such as ROCCAT Overpow moving from mid to top). Posting rumours purely because of reddit threads with no sources such as tweets or articles from credible sources would be pure chaos. For example, TSM has offered Santorin to join them in S5; but that does not mean that Santorin should be put on the TSM roster, the same applies to the rumours surrounding Forg1ven to SK, Thinkcard to CLG, Rekkles to ALL, Chaox to possibly rejoin the LCS or a challenger team, and any other free agent (as well as a select few that are looking to play for different teams  coughs  Rekkles) that I haven't listed simply because the list is enormous and you probably get the idea.
1	Leona has a few problems, her main problem being that Morgana and Thresh are super popular right now. Leona's other problem is that she is a super all-in champion: Once you go in, you are in and committed and you have no good inherent escape in case you get ganked or you made a mistake.   Morgana's spellshield makes Leona much more useless and (if somewhat good) forces Leona to be much more creative with her playing. All Morgana has to do is spellshield whoever Leona E's on and Leona can't do much to that person anymore.   Thresh, while not quite as big an annoyance as Morgana, can (depending on how good he is) flay Leona's e, effectively denying and stopping Leona's gapcloser and prevent Leona from getting close enough to do anything else. This of course gets a bit better at lvl 6 when Leona gets ult.   Zyra has been nerfed a good amount from before. She's still an amazing counter-engager with her ult but she is very squishy and dies if caught by pretty much anything. She does offer good poke though, still.   Annie support has been nerfed considerably since her glory days. Her passive stun now scales with levels (so it is weaker and stuns for much less at early levels) and the base damage of all her damage abilities have been lowered but she has better scaling (to weaken Annie support and strengthen Ap carry Annie). As a result, Annie is much less of a dominant early-mid game support.   I am not an AD main so the ADC stuff is just what I've observed/ believe   I actually see some Ezreals still and a few Graves every now and then. Ezreal's problem is that he needs to land his q to be effective (which has always been his problem) but Lucian and Twitch just seem to do so much more. I actually don't think Graves is that bad, he's kind of like a different Lucian. Graves is really more of an ad caster than an ADC with how his kit works, but he has to get pretty close and personal most of the time. With the safety/utility of Lucian and the pressure/assassination potential from Twitch, I assume Graves is just less useful.   Lucian is incredibly dominant early game and a great duelist/trader. A good Lucian can make a lot happen and he can still do damage from pretty far away with his ult. Lucian has an annoying amount of safety with his dash and the range of his ult. Twitch is pretty much an adc assassin that creates pressure when he can't be seen. He pops out of nowhere and bursts a squishy down with his ambush bonus, botrk, and ult. Most other ad carries lose pressure when they can't be seen on the map, but twitch actually gains pressure as long as he keeps making himself felt in the game.   As for Ryze, he is usually played top lane as a counter to most top laners because Ryze is really good at punshing and zoning most melee top laners (and guess what kind of top laners are popular right now). As a bonus he'll also usually end up scaling to lategame better than his top counterpart as well.
0	I had something like this happen to me when I was younger. I was back on shore after surfing at this beach on a military base on Oahu. As I was wrapping my leash around my surfboard I felt a tug around my leg. Before I was about to do a kick I heard a child's voice yelling "DADDY!!" I stopped myself kicking and ultimately throwing this kid into the sand. I then saw this middle aged  women  woman  and she said "sorry." She told the little boy "no daddy is gone. He's fighting the terrorist." But the little boy didn't want to let go. The boy kept yelling "DADDY!" I didn't know what to do. Finally the kid goes back to building his sandcastle. It was an awkward and sad feeling wrapped up in one.
1	I usually like to be subtle, but it's 11 at night.  You were banned because a Riot rep tasked to determining whether or not to ban someone thought your actions were ban-worthy.  You may not think that your actions fell under that umbrella, but you are  wrong.   You're expecting to get preferential treatment from Riot just because you used to be a big deal (apparently), and you've shared technical details with them in the past.  You've got to face the facts: you're not immune to the tribunal just because of who you are, and neither will you receive preferential treatment.   It doesn't matter whether you feel cheated or not.  A jury of your peers determined that you broke the Summoner's Code on  multiple  occasions and thus, you were banned.  The right thing to do in this instance is to provide Riot with the exploit, and give them the opportunity to push out a fix before going public with  any  details.  Anything else, and I wouldn't be surprised if Riot just out-and-out permabans you.   The only section of the community that this information would help are the trolls and asshats who have also been banned for their behavior in game.  Going public will have no positive effect on the game itself, and it will only serve to stroke your ego, and make a lot of bad people very happy.   If you want Riot to acknowledge your existence, do something nice.  Start a tutorial series, or write some League-themed comedy.  If you're an experienced gamer, perhaps shoutcasting would be a decent avenue for you to take.  Make a  positive  difference in this community rather than a negative one.
0	So, this one night a few years ago, me and some friends decided to drive to New York City from RI (about a 4hr drive) because we were bored at like 10pm. Something happens, and me and my girlfriend get into a fight. The neighbors call the cops, who show up, see that nothing major is happening, and leave. By this time, it's like 11pm, we decide to still go to NYC.   We get there at like 3am on a Saturday night. Walk around an empty times square, and stop at some pizza joint for some pizza. We eat about half our pizza, and leave. On the way out, we see a homeless guy, and give him this half a pizza. He praises us about how generous we are, and how we have pure souls, and that no matter what else we do in life, we're getting into heaven. I've been using that as a "get out of jail free" card for like 7 years now. That no matter what, a homeless guy said I was good enough to get into heaven no matter what.
1	This one time in solo queue our mid zed was 12-1, I was 4-0 as Ashe. We were ahead about 20k gold, and he tries to surrender. He said he doesn't feel like carrying anymore and wanted out of the game. Since we all declined, he goes to the fountain and starts dancing. I kept trying to encourage him, but he just kept trying to surrender. He hadn't said much except for complaining about carrying. When we are at the match history/stats screen, I ask him why he didn't just help us win the game and why he didn't listen to me making play calls and he says, "when I want to engage, you engage, when i want to go baron, we baron, etc." But the whole game he didn't make any calls.
1	This honestly goes to show how stupid and forgiving the Ranked system was. I'm not talking about the reset or the placement games at all. There was about double to triple the amount of people in diamond and platinum. People seem to forget that games are almost entirely based on HIDDEN MMR, which means you CANT SEE IT. The ranked system is just a really nice packaging of the ranked system to make you feel better about yourself in my opinion. I honestly miss Elo, and don't know why people NEEDED the system to be changed to this, Elo was a very accurate representation of progress or no progress within the ranked system, now I feel like people have to guess what their rank really is.   With all these placement games and complaining.     Who cares... If you were gold 4 and now you are Silver 2, well guess what, you were a gold 4 player not long ago, what is stopping you from getting back there?     If you were Gold 5 and 0LP and constantly losing and now after the reset you are Silver 5, well that makes sense, you clearly didn't belong in your Division. Riot was holding your hand.
0	As a DJ, I can somewhat defend these stations that you're all talking about.   We DO NOT  control what gets played 100% of the time. Most of the time, we can essentially put our station on "shuffle" and it plays whatever is in our library. Other times, when a station needs more listeners, they play the most popular thing that they have.
