0	Oh boy do I have a story for you then.   So, I'm on a two week trip to Spain, Portugal, and Morrocco. Good trip, tried new food, and maybe shouldn't have. Didn't feel the greatest flying home, but more of the sniffles and body aches like the flu. I land the day before mine and my boyfriend's first anniversary. Fast forward to the next day (our anniversary). We're walking around the mall, killing some time before our dinner reservation. My tummy has been gurgling all day, but just bad farts. Not this time. Since i'm with my BF, i try to gently let it out. You know those farts that are so warm and bubbles it feels like you shat yourself, but you were safe? Thought it was one of those guys, until i started walking. Felt a "squish squish". Boyfriend looks at me and asks if i'm ok. I, horrified, say i need the bathroom: immediately. Head to the bathroom to check the damage. Adorable anniversary undies: ruined. New skinny jeans from Spain: thank god they were dark wash... Try to clean up as best i can, spray some perfume, but it's no use. I walk out and lie to my BF and say i got my period everywhere and need to go buy new jeans and a thong. (This was also to deter him from sex. I pooped myself walking, how can my body take doggy style!!) So, i find some jeans and a new thong, all is well now. He bought the lie, but anniversary was ruined. I felt so sick i asked him to just take me home. No dinner, no sexy times, nothing :(   Thankfully, we made up for it the following weekend :) we're still together, but i doubt i will ever tell him the truth. Most humiliating and horrific moment of my life.
1	Yeah I've experienced this. ^^I'm^bronze^though^...   Being serious here though, I've only played 9 games since being placed and literally in all but one of them there has been an afk, mostly on my teams but also on the enemy. During my placement games I only won 4 and those were because the enemy had one or two afk (I had and afk during that game as well)
0	I woke up early at around 7 am to get dressed and go vote. I'm 19, being the youngest in line this early didn't really surprise me.   My circle of friends however didn't vote. They all said that politics gives them headaches, and that voting is stupid. A considerable waste of time to them.
0	I work at a shitty gas station/food place in the middle of a very busy intersection, so the place gets piss pounded 24/7. It's a prepay station, however the majority of the customers don't understand and freak the fuck out because they can't get gas first. Another thing is the pumps don't take American Express, so the majority of those people with the card get angry as well. The employees can't do anything about it since it's a chain store policy and they never fixed the pumps.   Recently we got budget cuts so there is usually three people working at a time. It is impossible to get food orders done so it takes a while. People scream about it  and obviously can see there is one if not two people cooking. Another thing is when an order that was a higher number goes out before one lower, they get extremely mad. It really depends on what you get, for instance yesterday some lady started bitching because she didn't get her food yet after three orders went through. She ordered a pizza for Christ sakes, it takes 20 minutes tops, it was only in the oven for 5 when she started to bitch at me because her # was 50 and orders 51 and up were done before hers.   Another thing that gets me fired up is when people bitch about the coffee. Sometimes some one says it's too cold (brewed at 200 some degrees), or there is no coffee, when there is a sign saying we don't have a certain blend, or there would only be one person at register, so they have to juggle between that and making coffee. So then they will start bitch and screaming because there isn't any, even though they just watched me make a few and had to stop to go wait on customers.   This is only the tip of the shitberg, I really don't feel like writing anymore as I am starting to get mad thinking about those cunts. I would quit if I could but I have student loans and rent and it is the only thing going for me at the moment. I think I have a few jobs lined up for me that I can break away from that hell hole.
0	That's so damn unfair. I'm sorry but it is. I'm literally just out of journalism school so I'm pretty idealistic, but come on. So any other industry is allowed to make money but god forbid news networks do? It's 2014 and CNN, Fox News and everyone else knows it. You can get your news and billion different ways. They have to compete with all these websites that can tailor make coverage to users. This story has a very mysterious appeal to it, which is not something that comes around that often. Ratings pretty directly reflect what people like/are drawn to. So god forbid they cover the stories that are gonna draw in viewers. Cause if they did that they'd be as bad as murderers, thieves, and rapists... I'm a sports reporter so I mostly watch ESPN, but it's hilarious because people complain about the exact same thing about that network on some of the sports subreddits. I swear almost every other "circlejerk" gets called out around here, but every time an anti-media circle jerk comes around, every single person is on board because everyone wants to sound "too smart to follow mainstream media." Sorry about the rant.
1	Ok lets clear some things up. They did both AMAZING things here and I'm going to try too shed some light on it.   Yellowstar:  2 BRILLIANT double stuns along with quick burst damage to basically just serve rekkles 2 easy finishes. Stayed relevant during the final Diamond chase for Rekkles making Diamond to scared to go after him after barrier and basically zone him away by staying put at distance, ready to interfere.   Rekkles: Playing it REALLY cool, managing too position himself and get that ult he patiently saved, off. After this he used his passive very well, baiting out the Shyvana ult into bushes wich he also patiently saved his flash for. After this... he expected the Shyvana flash as final gapcloser but here he had his barrier wich he also very patiently saved and that saved his life.
0	It fucks with your memory and makes you less attentive. It can eventually cause depression and panic attacks, and it is most certainly a narcotic/gateway drug. A marijuana cigarette also damages your lungs nearly 5x as bad as a tobacco cigarette does.
1	I think if the argument hear is harassment then Riot should make it so you can disable the boarder if you wish.   However I do not believe that is why everyone is upset and up voting this.  The pros listed here are trying to say that it is easier to get gold in 3's. I will say that I believe that to be true in actual gameplay but not everyone has friends in league. Not everyone who has friends has a flexible schedule to play on ranked teams.   What does that have to do with anything? I would say that it is easier for many maybe not a majority but many to get gold or higher in solo q than taking time to organize and play with a team.   If we took the logic presented by upset solo q players and applied that to people that only play ranked 5's and normals for their solo q they would make a case that solo q doesn't deserve the same rewards as them because it is "harder".
0	Upvote.  I've been saying this for years, especially to people who comment that the world's becoming a more dangerous place.  No it isn't.  In fact, in first world nations, social ills like crime are on the decline.   Difference is, now instead of never even knowing about most of the horrible weather events or killings in the first place, we have every horrific event reported worldwide piped directly to our front page.   Problem is, the perception of a more dangerous world, or that 'people are getting worse' shapes our worldview and our decision making processes.   This is a subtle bias we should all be aware of.   Also gives one pause for thought when it comes to 'choosing' where one puts one's focus.
0	The SNAP program is actually run by the USDA so because they say you can't use food stamps to buy alcohol, you can't use food stamps to buy alcohol anywhere in the US. That said, the goal of food stamps is to typically ensure that the persons in the household have enough to eat  namely children who can't work or apply for their own food stamps.   What I find to be the problem is that you have families like mine. Middle class, parents were able to pay bills. We were able to get by, but there were some close times here and there. My mom would do all sorts of things to save money: wait for sales to buy meat or buy the older meat that was about to get thrown out (kroger actually will grind up meat for you so an old sirloin could sometimes come out cheaper than the hamburger packages of equivalent size), buy the off brand stuff, use pasta to make the meal 'bigger'.   We weren't eligible for the EBT program because we were essentially part of a middle class cliff of sorts where our income as a household was too high to be considered for aid while our actual income was just barely cutting it.   Later I worked as a cashier, where people with EBT and SNAP benefits (same thing) would buy the name brand stuff, the good meat, the stuff that wasn't on sale; basically they were getting so much in the way of benefits that they didn't need to care about what they bought.   There was actually this one person who would come in and buy this 'lucky clover chicken' or something. Basically really nasty chicken that would leak all over the place, but by FDA standards was still edible (and having had it at one point for a huge BBQ it does cook the same). They paid for it with EBT and then basically said they were going to feed it to their dogs.
0	What you're trying to redefine as  not  foreskin is  still  foreskin. My table above still rebuts your previous statement concerning the matter as well.
0	This is how I see things: one political party will say something. The other will laugh it off and gain influence and power. Eventually, the public and the media will get bored with their policies and ideals. Then, something pertaining to the other party happens, the public gets riled up and cuddles with the other side until the whole process starts over.   If we had an informed public and a responsible news media, the cycle could be put to an end and we could get back on track (that is if our own government doesn't try to stop the reform. Which they probably would). But, instead, we're fighting over things that should have been solved decades ago. We're going to be killing ourselves deciding if it's okay to let a couple of dudes smoke pot and get married when another super power sweeps in and decks us in the face.
1	When think how to get better, what I personally do is look at everything I just did, if im an adc and a gank happens in bot, I look at my position first, how far pushed was I, did I see the jungler coming, did the opponents play agressive when they are both half health under turret. that usually means a gank is incomming, was I in front of the creep line, was I chasing a kill when the gank happened, did mid just leave, where did the jungler come from. where you are exactly matters. Thats sort of a positional overveiw.   This next bit depends on how much cc and how much distance you can create as well as you ability to outplay your oppenent. In this case the amount of CC the opposing team offers is huge, if there is a jungle nautalis with support leona and varus adc, you are going to be locked up for days if you get hit by any ability in their kit, So did you know naut was coming and you didn't run to about a flash range from your tower, at least. for this example im going to assume your on blue side with a taric support, if it was a janna this would be much easier to dodge out of.   Do you have sight of both naut and leona, if you have.a general idea that's pretty good too, but knowing the range on their CC and staying outside of that range is vital. If your someone like ezreal just toss a Q    into the brush to check.   For almost all junglers if they miss their CC.and you are about mid way in the lane the gank will fail. So All you gotta do is DODGE IT. knowing champion abilities will,make you a better player offensivly and defensivly.
1	This is called pseudo-random distribution (or PRD) and is used for percentage chance effects in several games including dota 2.   You can read up on it [here]( but league does not use this system, meaning every autoattack rolls for a crit independently of previous attacks.
1	Fruitflies, the insect, like a banana because they like fruit.   In most other contexts, the joke is a silly play-on-words that allows the reader to imagine someone throwing bananas until they realize that bananas aren't being thrown, just enjoyed by small, winged insects.   It's a play-on-words in the LoL community because Soraka's auto attack projectile is crescent-shaped and has a yellow tint, leading the players to create the joke that she throws bananas at her enemies for the simple comedic imagery of such, as well as tying her back to her satyr origins (nature spirits, implies that she's got a connection with a dryad [tree spirit] that gives her ammunition to use that won't hurt her foes, but rather will humiliate them, continuing in the pacifistic ideology of the satyr).   More clear? No? Well:
0	I find these two to be inherently at odds, whether you intend them that way or not. You're not identifying my as my 'new' (or as it is to me, my 'true') gender, but rather as a trans person of that gender. It's a subtle but important distinction which means all the difference in the world. You seem like a pretty polite person, so I don't want to put words in your mouth, but the suggestion isn't too far removed from the common statement that a post-transition man/woman is not a real man/woman, but a facsimile thereof.   Here tends to be the crux of the disagreement between our two views. If my interpretation is correct, to feel truly accepted transwomen/men need to be accepted as an option for a mate as like any other member of that gender. While I understand where this desire comes from, I don't feel that it is reasonable to expect people to be willing to accept something that is at odds with their sexual preference. It feels invasive. While I am truly bothered by the fact that there is no way to appease both sides of this issue, I am reminded that often time in nature in life, things aren't always balanced and fair. Many men feel that when they impregnate a woman, decisions regarding its abortion should be discussed equally between the two genders. But a women's body is her own and can make sexual and reproductive choices. I believe that all human beings have this right to their own choices regarding these matters and if somebody doesn't not want to have an intimate relationship with a trans person is their prerogative.   I am sorry that there is not a way to appease both sides of this issue as I realize that it is something that could help the mental health of many tradespeople. It is important that you feel accepted and I will make every effort to ensure that they feel that acceptance from me. But when it comes down to my sexual desires and mates I cannot ignore what my brain and soul are telling me as much as you can go throughout your life living as the wrong gender. If you can realize that your brain is speaking your personal truth when it tells you that you are in the wrong gender, how can you expect me to ignore the voice that tells me that a transperson is not the right mate for me. I have no problem letting people live the way they want to live until they expect me to change my sexual preferences to accommodate them. I see how you may need this sexual validation to prove to yourself you are finally home in the right body and I am sorry that I cannot give that to you.   >Let's propose a different hypothetical situation; a woman is born in a female body (A cis woman), and she develops normally. However, in her teens, a tragic car accident effectively destroys her birth-given genitalia. A miracle procedure is tried on her, for the first time; a 'donor' womb and genitalia are transplanted to her, restoring the functionality lost in the accident. Would you have qualms about dating such a woman, even though she possessed genitals that were different but functionally identical from those she was born with?   Honestly, no. It is not the fact that there was genital surgery involved that makes the woman an inviable candidate. It is the gender from birth that I am concerned with. You may try to denounce me now because I have said that. But I don't think its an unfair thing to say. As sexual being I am filtering the environment for many things, both conscious and subconscious when selecting a mate. Its within my right to respectfully discriminate between people I would like to have an intimate relationship with.   >Suffice it to say, for some persons in transition, our definition of a given gender IS your definition of a gender, by necessity.   I am sorry. I am sorry that your self esteem throughout this struggle is so strongly tied to my criteria for mate selection. I wish there was a way to have a happy ending for everyone. But I cannot lie to myself. The same way I don't expect you to lie to yourself. You desperately want to be accepted in all aspects of that gender and my right to decide whats best for my sexual life is the last barrier to you. I am sorry, but I cannot change that fundamental aspect of what I'm looking for in life so that you can sleep easier. I would be lying to myself and the transwoman, wasting both of our time.   >we can easily take your messages to mean you don't accept our gender in any sense at all   You can always take offence even when none was given, thats true. But I feel I really do except you in every reasonable way. It’s the only area where I can't accept a trans is as my sexual partner. If, from that, you extrapolate that I do not accept your gender in any sense at all, I'm sorry. I disagree, of course, but I am still sorry.   <Irrational Rant Response>:   >but when we get to the point where you wouldn't even know if we didn't tell you, and you're still getting sticky about it, fuck off, man. >if you start getting selective about when you consider us 'true' men or women, when you're in a situation where you wouldn't even know if we didn't tell you? That's not being accepting, that's being a judgemental douche...   Well I still maintain that asking a person to scrap their personal sexual preferences so that you don't have to address that you were once the opposite gender is over the line. It must be terribly hard to BE your gender while simultaneously acknowledging the transformation to sexual partners repeatedly. I understand that you are trying to BE your gender identity. But you need to understand that people have a right to select their own sexual partners. You said that nobody is implying that you have to do anything, but you are saying that they are being a judgemental douche by making the choice to not sleep with a woman because she used to be a man. Thats unfair. Its a bullying tactic.   As for the "if we didn't tell you" comment. I think thats such a shameful way to go about your life. Does this apply to only trans operations? What about marital status when you're at a bar? Is a woman being a judgmental douche by deciding not to become intimate with a married man? What about having an STI? I mean yeah they will catch it but they wouldn't absolutely know that you gave it to them if you didn't tell them you had it. Is this what you're trying to defend? Directly lying or lying through omission to deprive someone of the information you know is very likely criteria for them to select their partners? To use this lack of communication to lure someone into making a decision that they will (or could) regret later on? This sounds like the thought process of a sexual predator. The old "what they don't know won't hurt them" argument. It is my belief that a person has a right to be made aware of these details before entering into a sexual relationship with you. I am sure you disagree, but C'est la vie.   **</Rant Response>
1	i was gonna comment with the rage of a thousand suns on this comment, but then i realised that we are talking about bot morgana in a reference to team Siren and suddenly it was a pretty cool joke.
0	Really? Why is that? Might be an unpopular opinion but being with someone who is constantly depressed could bring you down too and seeing someone you care about let themselves go is depressing itself. (Now I'm not saying dump someone in the short period people are switching meds like ohitsjustkevin mentioned, you have to give a little leway in during these periods to make a relationship work.) But over time its tough on both parties involved, and could wear on the one who's always trying to cheer up the other one. People change and you can't force someone to stay with someone else just because they had a history. Pity is not a good reason to remain in a relationship, shes a person not a psychiatrist. Sorry for this little rant but you don't know the whole story so she might be a perfectly fine person.
1	I tried to read it, I really did, but I couldn't make heads or tails of it because you don't seem to have an "Enter" key.   Then I read the
1	I went 3/10 and won lane hard in 8 of those games. There were four games where I was 4-0 or better and 20 CS ahead of my opponent and but my team was in a gross gold deficit due to losing the other lanes and objectives.   I got moved from Plat 2 to gold 3.   I played 8 more games since then and won 7 of them. I jumped from gold 3 0 lp to gold 1 0 lp.
1	Simple solution to TwitchTV's crappy website  *   There is a simple solution for this, TwitchTV is the gaming redirect for JustinTV, go to  and sign up there, then go to their games section at  , find what you are looking for there, and it will redirect to TwitchTV without you having to deal with their shit website.
0	Some people say that the definition of racism is that it is systemic, and therefore would not apply to white people in majority white/white privileged areas.
0	No offense, but anyone that consistently goes to the gym have seen a lot of people that are ready to make the change to their life, yet fall off the wagon after a week. On top of that, there is no shortage of people that those regular gym goers have tried to help, yet all those efforts are lost in vain. At some point, you just become desensitized to those people and their noble quests. I can't personally say I given dirty looks or treated a fat person at the gym with disrespect, but fuck me for not looking like the proudest momma/poppa in the world, simply because you decided to finally start trying.   Besides, plaudits are handed out at the end of the journey, not throughout. You can't expect to be coddled to the finish line, at least not by strangers.
1	If a champion is way stronger than most champions overall when played at her max capacity she is OP whether the player is good with her or not.   Saying that a champion is not OP just because 90% players can't play that champ and utilizing every strength is just stupid. The champion is still unbalanced in tournaments because all the pro players are within the 10% of the people that play that champ to its full potential.
0	That's why I have no loyalty to my manager. My boss underpays me right now, and by a lot. So, guess what I do? I fuck around on reddit and Facebook all day. Get the bare minimum done just to be sure I don't get a talking to and add time to my resume so that I can high tale it the fuck out of there once I get a better paying offer after building a long term job on my resume. That's YOUR reality check. Even if you monitor the computers I will still find a way to use at least 70% of my time acting like I'm being productive because you decided to pay me in peanuts. I worked a lot harder when I first got this job. The description of the job and responsibilities ended up being completely different and more intense than was provided to me. I asked for a raise and wrote nicely detailed, and professional  a letter showing all of the reasons  why I should get a raise only to get the "we only give raises at the end of the year". Funny thing is the employers shows so many signs that losing me would be an absolute disaster to them. How do I get so much done while still wasting a lot of time? I'm a unique worker. Quick, accurate, detail oriented, approach my tasks and interactions with contractors with the companies vision in mind and rarely make mistakes. Do I have a lot more to offer? Absolutely. I've ran my own business for a couple of years, was a 3.68 student in college despite not having enough money to finish, and struggling with getting through algebra, and helped another company before this one save over $80,000 or 1/3rd of their budget while generating more revenue. Imagine how much more this employer could get from me if they paid me what I was worth.
1	How do you explain that some reruns of LOL, or even some players streaming solo Queue gather more viewers?   So following your statistics if a game has like only 5000 people playing and 2500 watch the tournaments than that game is the most popular.   You take into consideration the viewers by players of a game, but thats not how games compete. They do not solo compete within themselves to get their own players to watch their tournaments. The stats we must be looking at is the universe of videogame players, how many came from  SC to LOL, and how many people went to LoL from SC. That what matters for game companies, bring people into their game, the tournaments streams, the Prize Money, thats "cheap" publicity for them, and what they are vouching on is that thoso 18 000 viewers watching are showing their "non LoL players " friends what the game is about and bring more people in.   I give you the point that SC2 probably generates more money than LoL (i don't know the numbers) but SC2 is riding a big empire that comes from a while back. LOL is still a young game, and its increasing at fast rate. I don't know if the SC scene is getting larger or not, and what matters is who is closer to get to their maximum potential.   Your
0	When I was in eighth grade I was taking algebra and had a teacher who would always get mad at me because I didn't understand some of the concepts. One day near the end of the year, he told me to come outside and I was confused. He told me "Get your shit togther, you are a stupid ass kid. You probably don't have a future, blah blah blah" I zoned out because the first line really got me. All I wanted to do was just punch him in the face. Then I eventually filed a report in the office. He denied it. Then he told them I cussed him out. I got kicked out of his class.
0	As a high school student who has taken several AP, pre-AP, and other college level classes, I can honestly say that I won't be contributing to society in any major way, despite the fact that I'd like to do so. This isn't a laziness thing, as it's moreso a realism thing. Do I have potential to be a world leader? Perhaps (my ROTC instructor thinks I do anyway). But so does everybody else in this world. Now, when I say what I'm about to say does not mean that gifted kids should be entirely ignored. The "average" students need it the most really. You see, as one becomes successful at something, that constant ease of it all becomes mind-numbingly boring (I've experienced it first hand, as I quit my trap shooting team because of this). This is why the "gifted" kids tend to do terrible in college. They never really had to work hard or study like they pretty much require you to do in college. The regulars that may not have had record breaking test scores still do ok at the least because they know how to study and apply themselves. They're the ones who make it through college. They're the ones who actually know what to do with their knowledge. As one of the "gifted" that I've identified, I know I won't be that life-changing guy who found a cure for cancer or actually brought about world peace in world politics, but I'll still contribute if I can.
1	You're 99% right. Because jungler in coop vs ai games usually just makes few players have no fun. Bot = frag. Weak top = "i cant kill bots". So we have unfun top lane experience. Then our jungler takes mid and bot frags by not necessary ganks making mid and bot laners upset (they wanted those kills for themselves).
0	Yeah, but in the title OP states, that she always had tan lines before. If he considered that important enough to put it in the title, than probably not the very fact of a topless sunbathing session is a problem.   What seems to bother OP is that she decided to do something, which many people have every right to call intimate, not when he SO was with her but specifically in a situation when he wasn't around. But her "guy friends" were.   Also the OP is male and he knows firsthand what men feel seeing a topless woman, be her their friend or a person they see for the first time, if they didn't have time and occasion to desensitize to that view.   You are right saying that there are some idiots itt with their "fucking dump the slut", but there also people claiming that the OP is "overprotective and too possessive".   While, imho of course, the question that this particular SS meme poses is less  "How did you dare to sunbathe topless?"  and more  "Why did you decide on doing this for the first time when I wasn't around, but a bunch of other guys were?" . And let's not forget, that for everyone emotionally involved, letting their SO on a 3 day trip to nowhere with people of the opposite sex is a sign of trust and OP may consider this topless sunbathing, to a certain degree, a breach of said trust.   This, in no way changes the fact, that, if they didn't discuss this prior to this kayaking trip, he should give her a benefit of doubt, clearly state what are his boundaries according nudity around other people and let her decide if she is able to make that sacrifice for the sake of the relationship. If not, then they should walk their separate ways.
1	Let's get some things straight. I know how to play this game, I know how to adapt to new things and I know to be mindful of the existence of the mastery point when engaging someone.   None of that has any relevance because I don't think it's a good idea at its core. I don't think having enough damage to outright kill someone, executing your combo fully, and they survive purely from Dangerous Game is a good game mechanic, because there is no reasoning behind its existence other than Riot going 'we need ideas for new masteries let's try this.' And when I survive because of Dangerous Game, I apologise to my opponent in all-chat because I know how frustrating this bullshit is to play your cards right and execute your combo which would kill the opponent if they didn't get 5% health for free from killing you first.
0	200 dollar tax stamp for a destructive device, shitload of paperwork, 6 month to a year wait, and thousands of dollars PER device (if you can even find one).
1	That was the worst
0	A bigger dick can feel nice - but I can't do everything that I want to do with it.  And often times it hurts.  I'd much rather have something smaller - and when I first hook up with a guy and I find that he is about average or a lil bit smaller I get soooo excited and turned on cause I know that I can be more crazy in bed w/ him.
0	Electrical engineering student checking in. During my last two years of high school, I had two math teachers. I had a huge conflict with one. She always had a strict preference on how to solve problems. I argued with her a lot. One math test, I got every single answers right but she gave me somewhere around 60. Her argument was that I didn't use the taught methods from the class, and my solutions weren't complete. Oh, I assure you, she knew I could simply get all the answers right without writing a single step down. She was far away from the bright individuals I've met. The other teacher on the other hand, had a degree from the most notorious engineering program in Canada. He simply didn't care about what methods I used or how reduced my answer was. In fact he encouraged me to do so as long as I get the right answers. He tried to understand my thought process, rather. He was the guy who could take the average of more than 10 numbers in his head. I don't remember how he did it but his way of doing it was a lot more elegant than mine, which was simply add-up-all and divide. He was one of the most insightful and intelligent people I've so far met, if not the most. The way math is taught in our school system is awful. I learned nothing from it, and I was only able to learn because of my awesome teacher. He taught us how to self-teach rather than telling us to copy off his solutions from the board and repeat them on his tests. One thing i really loved was that before the beginning of each chapters, he gave us a question related to them before we started learning them. I start questioning and making hypothesis. As more knowledge builds up, sometimes my assumptions turn out to be wrong, sometimes right. This helped me hugely. When my understanding of nature shatters is when I really start learning. A lot of people didn't like his style of teaching and they blamed their shitty marks on him and a lot of them dropped out of class. His grade 12 physics class started with about 12~13 people, in less than two months the nearly half the people were gone. Bitch about the shitty education system. Most people don't deserve it.
0	OP, avoiding things that scare you teaches your brain that avoiding fear = reward ( not doing the thing one is afraid of). This teaches your brain to want to avoid any future social interaction and cause you to experience more fear in the future, this is how a phobia is strengthed. It's called operant conditioning/fear conditioning.
0	I think, whether you have friends or not, that some people get their energy from being around people and some get their energy from a bit of alone time. I know in myself that if I go a long period of time without a day to myself I start to get short tempered and a bit snappy. I very much look forward to the day when I realise that I have a day coming up where I have no plans.   My friend (who is of the same mindset) put it nicely, when you start days to yourself you remember that "humans are herd animals" and then you do get bored. I'm not sure what the solution is but I  just think it depends on your mindset not your number of friends.
0	What? That's absurd. What kind of problems can be solved by talking? It's literally just pushing air past your windpipe. What they need is an ass-whooping, just like the kind they gave you when you misbehaved.
1	Oh, not at all! Rather, he was seeing a lot of play recently, and is  extremely  hard to shove out of lane after his first few levels; his stustain is what makes him extremely strong after most lane sustain has been nerfed somewhat. Most top lane champions who used to get an early Vamp Sceptre no longer get it nearly as often. Excess sustain is why Rengar got hit as well.   All of that combined - mostly the attention - causes Riot to look at champions and say "Why is this champion popular? Is (s)he too strong? Too weak? How? Why? Should we do something about it?"   Usually, we see this most prominently with champions who receive  too much  attention, especially when people finally learn how to play champions. This is most prominently shown with release Irelia and Orianna. People believed these champions to be trash. Now, especially with Irelia, they're getting tweaked constantly. These are most often in the form of nerfs, which hardly impact the champion much, in Irelia's case, since it's her whole kit that makes her so damn strong. The Season Three items essentially fixed that, though it may have been a  wee bit  too much.   Now, with Cho'Gath, it's a different story! And here is where the awesome kicks in. For a very long time, Hotshot was just about the only Cho'Gath player in the competitive scene worldwide; And anybody else who played him was severely below his level. Just because Hotshot's playstyle meshes with the champion so well. Hotshot is patient, and works slowly and methodically in lane and teamfights. This is why I  still  think Hotshot is among the best - if not,  the  best - Cho'Gath in the world. It's best summed up by a conversation between Saintvicious and Doublelift (Sadly, "Confirmed on Saint's stream; how droll) right around when Liftlift joined CLG:   "Have you ever seen any Cho play as good as Hotshot?"   "Soaz kinda, I guess. Malunoo."   "No, they suck. Did they win tournaments with Cho? Did they even win any games or single engagements  because  of Cho?"   "I'd have to go check-"   "Nah, mang. Don't check replays. They ain't as good as Hotshot. Have you seen the Ruptures Hotshot lands? He holds that shit until he knows he can either get a major pickoff or hit more than one person. Just that  threat  of his godlike ruptures means he can walk at the entire enemy team and scare the shit out of him."   I'll let you guess who's who there.   Essentially, Cho'Gath's kit is also what makes him awesome! Though, it takes a lot more patience than most other champions. You can be quick and rash and aggressive with Cho, but you have potentially the  highest  gain out of  almost  any other champion by just threatening to even land a good Feral Scream, let alone a Rupture that could land onto multiple people. What makes Cho'Gath so amazing is that he's the beefiest, largest, most thick moving wall in the game. He's capable of single-handedly zoning entire teams away from an area or a choke point, granted he's in position first. He's the one champion that synergizes the most with map control - sans those with global potential of course - and  that  is just part of what makes him so threatening.   Singed, Nunu, Blitzcrank and Leona also do this very well  by themselves . Outside of that, Karthus, Anivia, Orianna and Lulu, as well as potentially Nami can do this with varying levels of team support, though they cannot do this  with their bodies . They effectively turn choke points into death traps. Anivia can do this by herself, Karthus needs light team support, and Orianna, Lulu and Nami require follow-up.   Of course, there are many other champions that can do this as well, such as Nasus and Trundle and even Rumble and Irelia, etc etc...But they threaten with high damage on the side along with team support. It's not often you get a champion that can wade through the enemy team for ten full seconds, but Cho'Gath is one of them.   If you're skilled with Cho'Gath, it is entirely your skill. You land one rupture on more than one person, and  you  won that teamfight for your team. Be it peeling or diving. Whereas Irelia needs a lot more conditions bent around killing the opposing carry in order to  come out looking good  in a teamfight.   ...Take all of this with a grain of salt and assuming  relatively  equal gold between two teams.
1	First of all im sorry for posting a whiny post on reddit out of frustration, went to promotion in ranked and then went on a 6 game losing streak and went from losing the promotion to 6lp so played team builder / normal instead and I won the first game and then went on another 4-5 game losing streak. And the next game I won another game and went on a 5 game losing streak one again. And when I start to have bad games I get frustrated and play really badly and get more salty so I posted out of frustration. And I actually didnt know that team builder is a seperate matchmaking based on a hidden mmr.
1	When faker got killed he had the matchup against him (how is kassadin a counter pick to talon?). Lets say Cristiano Ronaldo gets "outplayed" by the other teams winger would you really say that the other player is better overall because Ronaldo played it bad once. Please Faker is the LOL version of Zlatan in Sweden its hard to perform as good as you could when the resources dont allow. it(Resources=Teammates)
0	i know too many girls who would get soaked if i said "wreck it"
1	I don't like this argument since it's known that in general EUW players are a lot more toxic than NA players (at least at the higher levels).  I know this from frequenting both NA and EUW streamers channels on twitch and when NA players decide to try out EUW they get flamed and trolled relentlessly, and in the case of NB3, would get reported CONSTANTLY just because he was from NA.  That's seriously fucked too, NB3 is one of the LEAST toxic people on the NA server and I have never heard of EUW players playing on NA so either NA players don't care/bring it up or they just don't do it.
0	Really interesting analysis on leaf blowers in Freakanomics. The usage of a leaf blower is a socially unsustainable activity. Unless you gather them up, you're only ever moving the problem somewhere else. The only reason they work is because not everyone is using them. If everyone (including city street clearing) used them, the leaves would just be constantly moved around, and no-ones yard would be clean.
0	if you get hacked once, im pretty sure the hacker could get your other password too, even if it was different.   plus, if you used different passwords for everything, "someone could use the information they get from one account to compromise the other ones"
0	Indeed. As this illustrates, automation isn't the main issue in our society. The main issue is that the fruits of the automation are hoarded by a small class of capitalists, rather than shared with the wider society.   Scientific, artistic, and technological advancements are not the results of individual brilliance more than they are culminations of the societal and cross-societal collaborative efforts. The fruits of these advances should be shared more widely; not used as a tool to further disenfranchise those who labour for their living
0	I got a list of about 30 different sites, but for the most part, they all just post duplicates of most of the same jobs.     Monster and Careerbuilder are the best     Glassdoor somehow has more good, targeted jobs but not as many     engineeringclassifieds has decent listings but their search function is such crap it's nearly impossible to use     mostly I use recruiters like Aerotek, et al, but they mostly staff specific positions that (genuinely) require experience     ZipRecruiter is hit-or-miss but useful     Indeed and simplyhired don't have a way to filter out shit (basically the Pinterest of job searches), but do have some listings if you have the patience to sift through life insurance and personal trainer spam     What  you actually search for has an effect on the experience level you'll see.  Generally, listings for "engineer I" mean entry-level, "engineer II" are 3-5 years experience - you can exclude those search terms.   Any place that lists internships is an awesome place to apply - they're obviously looking for something entry-level.  If to get a callback, tell them you're considering grad school it really want to get into the workforce - maybe want to stay on full time or go back to school but not decided.   Some places just ask for too much - I swear they're delusional - like they want an engineer with 3-5yrs experience to relocate to some shit town for $55k, then they complain to the Dept of Labor complaining that there are no good engineers out there.   Some places  intentionally  ask for too much - like if they want to hire foreigners and get a work visa,
1	I can't help as much with Xin but I may be able to help with Nocturne.   Your build is fine right up until Brutalizer --> Yomumu. Personally I just hang onto Brutalizer and go off and build something tanky whether it be Wits End or Phage, etc. Yomumu is a great item, but slightly more crit, damage and attack speed is kinda unneeded when he has half of those things built in already. Finish Yomumu late game after you've gotten Frozen Mallet or B. Veil or something.   What I'm assuming what is going on is you are strong with Xin/Nocts ganks, which is their strong point, but mid-late game you are either jumping in the middle of fights or not making up for their defensive properties once the laning phase ends.   Early game: Ganks are his specialty due to his Q/Ult and his strong early-game damage.   Mid Game: Either start to build tanky since that's where he's lacking mid-late game or remain mobile and hidden and jump out any time there's an even team fight (2v2 or something) or they try to do a tower dive against your team.   Going forward though, do NOT jump in anything larger than a 2v1 (ie 3v1, 4v2 unless they are under a tower or some of them are very weak). Noct simply cannot survive the brute force of an overwhelming amount of champions.   A lot of people screw up with Nocturne (aka "DARKNESSSSS"  Noct has been slain ) because they severely misjudge their opponent that they are ganking or they end up in the middle of the enemy team. Mid-late game Noct should be playing more like a Yi in the fact he needs to be one of the last people into a fight and he can do so easier than Yi in fact.   A few smaller jungling tips I can give:     Don't think you need to kill something for a "successful gank". If they burn summoner skills that's perfect. Just come back within 4 minutes to finish the job (in regards to flash).     Counter jungling- although great- is highly risky unless you know the status and condition of the enemy junlger. CV from your support can help you.     Mid game most junglers rolls go from ganker/dps/carry to disruptor, tank, and or tanky dps. Very rarely (unless you are jungle Karthus) do most junglers stay squishy in regards to being viable mid-late game.
0	From OP's history:   "When I was 22, I slept with a woman who was 35 with 5 kids. You'd never know she'd had a single one. Anyway, I met her at a bar and we wound up making out a bit before deciding to leave together. I thought she was going to take me back to her place. She gets in my car and starts giving me directions...and we wind up in an empty parking lot. Whatever, we get in the back seat. The sex was good until out of nowhere she starts this really deep moaning. I'm talking Joe Swanson crying in the bar on that episode of Family Guy deep. I ask if she's okay, and she says she's fine. I've got her legs on my shoulders and I notice she's starting to tear up. I stop, and then all of a sudden there's a tap on my window and a flashlight. Fuck. I put my pants on, tell her to wait a second, and I get out to talk to the cop. I tell him exactly what's up, and add that I'm 22, she's 35, and needs to go home to her kids after. Cop has this shit-eating grin on his face and tells me to get back in the car so he can talk to her to make sure everything was consensual. They talked briefly outside the car, then she got back in and he tapped on my window, told me to have a nice night, and left. I drove her home in silence to her house with like 5 cars parked outside. Apparently she and her husband were in the process of finalizing their divorce (great, I'm a fucking home wrecker) and he had been babysitting the kids that night to spend time with them while she went out with her cousin.
1	I'm actually pretty confident that crit chance reds (marks) and (big) MAYBE the corresponding quints are better.   You get 17 crit immediately with only crit marks, which can help your early trades to massively devastating levels... much like critplank back then, just a bit more reliable.   Plus if you get Avarice early you are at 47 % and either upgrade of it (Ghostblade or Shivv) are core on him.   And remember, I am talking about Yasuo as a mid laner because imho he is at a big disadvantage at top because he is quite squishy and you'd have to build at least a bit tanky and he scales with no tank item at all (well maybe Atma's might be possible, but then he lacks attack speed and needs more HP to make it work)   As a midlaner you can trade better and all your dashes make it near impossible for most mages to hit you. His waveclear is also very good from level 2 on and gets better and better the more items you get.   He also won't work as a jungler too well, much like Fiora.   He has some CC, but not much and it needs to be set up and even then it's not enough (plus again, jungle items aren't the best on him and he can't go tanky if he falls behind, same as in top here, and don't say Wriggle's, that item is a mess)
