1	Play bot games, you can play bot games, that's what bot games are for.
0	A friend of our family mixed some bleach with some cleaner, and accidentally created a form of mustard gas. Passed out right away. Doctor says he burned the inside of his lungs with it, after 6 months he's only at 80% lung capacity of what it used to be.
0	2001 is when I really can start to remember my early life.   Born in 1996, I can remember pre-school just barely. So, 1999? I was early for school. I can remember kindergarten a little. I remember parachute day. First grade was 2001, thats when I remember seeing George W. Bush driving passed our school. It was a "big deal" to the teachers. I remember his speakers on his bus coming on and his voice shouting "I hope your teachers are teaching you well!". I told my parents and they laughed, I didn't know why.   I don't know how I came to this story. But I was born in the 90's. I'm a 21st century kid by memory. But I belong to the 90's. You can't change my birth year. How ever, I never really thought it was a big deal other than "Man I wonder why I was born then and not some other time in our universe". Those un-answerable questions BUG THE SHIT OUT OF ME.
0	Hey buddy, we get it, you're a really considerate dude who is not one of the legions of asshole Redditors.   You don't necessarily have to be a dick to post a spoiler without a tag. Someone who has done so could easily have just forgotten. As a person avoiding spoilers, when you come onto a thread like this, you should account for the dicks who purposely don't use tags, and also those who simply forgot.
0	This is an amazing explanation, thank you so much for this.   I have a couple of Muslim friends and we've talked about this so I understood the basic premise of how and why this behavior is actually condemned but this explanation is extraordinary and it really has cleared a LOT up for me. I would give you gold if I had the money, but alas I'm broke.   I think more people need to see explanations like this and realize that the entire war is essentially manufactured by both sides, and the 'jihadists' are really nothing more than cleverly manipulated pawns in the never ending power game.   I'm really glad you took the time to respond to this, I learned a lot from it. People like you are the reason why people like me and so many others don't fall into the trap of senseless hate. Happily this benefits everybody because as we all know, hate and violence only perpetuate more hate and violence.   Unfortunately, due to bullshit wars waged for nothing more than extreme profiteering we (meaning primarily the USA) have put ourselves in a situation where the military blowback in parts of the Middle East will be massive in the coming years. The 'War on Terror' has done far more to foster discontent and hatred than really anything else, and the repercussions of our horrible decisions are only beginning to be felt, and it is primarily our own fault.   This has the benefit of making it easy to turn people into misguided 'jihadists' because it's not much of a leap to want to wage war on the people that carpet bombed your country and used drone strikes to kill your friends and family, even if it was only accidental, because accidents only happen once or twice, not 1,200 times.   I sort of got off track here, but ultimately my point is that your explanation was incredibly insightful, and in my eyes after everything we have done it really isn't a huge stretch to see why and how the extremists end up so far off of the intended message, especially when often they are being influenced from a very young age.   Hopefully someone richer than I can hook you up with some of that oh so precious gold. I hear the market's down right now and it's a steal.
0	There are way, way stupider posts on Reddit every single day. This doesn't even make the list.     "Ooh, anybody who talks about sex must be 13." No. Sex is interesting and fun, and adults can be immature sometimes. Nothing wrong with that.     A knowledge test? Really? First of all, restricting or even slowing down signups at all is totally against the spirit of Reddit. Second, testing knowledge would in no way guarantee the maturity of applicants, because those things are barely correlated. But even if they WERE analogous, this is a website. On the internet. Any knowledge test would end up being a "can you use Wikipedia" test.       There, that's three problems, and the last one can be divided up into three itself, for a total of five.
1	I'm buying ancient coin and upgrading it to level 3 as soon as it's viable and I have the money to do so. The final form is  sooo good,  coming into lane with a sudden 20% cooldown and Shurelya's passive is just such a power strike on champs like Ali, Blitzcrank and Leona. Also the sustain stats from the item work very well for them just to keep them in lane a little longer. 9 times out of 10, Talisman of Ascension active guarantees a kill as soon as you walk into lane with it, and it progresses so well through to mid and late game too with the teamfight engages.   I'm also running Heal summoner spell instead of exhaust, I just think without the extra 10 armor and magic resistance exhaust just doesn't quite cut it as a viable summoner slot anymore, whereas Heal has been sleeper OP for donkey's years.   I still take gp/10 quints but I'm thinking about swapping to Health regen/5 simply because I miss being able to take a couple red pots (well, biscuits now) on my first buy. Speaking of which, My first buy is unchanging now, Gold income item + 2 wards and a red trinket for the vision denial.   As far as items go, I think Zeke's and Iceborn are now very affordable, very viable Suport items if you are ahead.   A simple chunk of text from a humble silver 1 support main.
1	Go back to the friendly Dota2 community, learn to play better. (at level 11 it's just about who has the better judgement or placement) or here's what i did and still do today.   Don't give a single fuck about what other people say. When they flame you say: Get real <playername>
0	To the few people who see this, I want to share my stories. I worked at an inner city pool that was very cheap to get Into and in the main park, so it was really popular and mostly blacks. We were open for three weeks before our first white patron showed up. These little shits didn't give a damn about anything. We had a riot where a 20 something punk climbed a guard chair to push the guard out of it to do flips off of. Police showed up and arrested three guys. And the kids are no better. Theyd sneak in at night and break bottles into ths pool, and never listen to anything you said. I had a highschool freshman threaten to shoot me because I kicked him out. And the worst were the young kids. We'd have 7-10 year Old kids show up unsupervised who couldn't swim.  They'd take the swim test, fail, wed save them, and then the next day beg to take it again as if they learned how over night. Sure it's stereotypes per say but there is a lot of truth to it
0	yeah no problem. Cyborg_Bill already explained something that a lot of people don't know, that if someone's heart isn't beating (asystole) a defib will not get it beating again. the heart is a multi-chambered pump and the chambers have to contract firmly in a specific order for it to effectively move blood through the body. sometimes it gets out of rhythm and it's flexing rapidly but not in an effective way. that's called fibrillation, when the heart is kind of freaking out. a defibrillator stops the heart. kind of like when you hold the power button down on your laptop instead of doing shutdown. sometimes it's like doing a reboot and the heart starts working correctly again on its own, but a lot of the time you have to help it get started again with chest compressions. there are a lot of tv shows that get that stuff right nowadays. some actor will yell something and they will use the defib and then you will hear the flatline sound and they will start working on the patient to get the heart started again. it's supposed to work kind of like when someone is hysterical and slapping them is supposed to snap them out of it. but in some tv shows it's like that scene from Airplane! where they just keep slapping the lady and it becomes a joke. but anyway, about 20 years ago, AEDs hit the market. that stands for Automated External Defibrillator. the old kind, and they are still in use in many hospitals, may or may not have a built in heart monitor that you can use to tell if use of the defib is appropriate. but they won't stop you from using them if the patient's heart is working normally. you can shock someone with it if you want. those type were NEVER outside of hospitals or ambulances and NEVER supposed to be used by someone that didn't have medical training. some defibs are internal, meaning they have these spoon-like paddles that you can place on either side of the heart and use. they use less electricity, they are better at hitting the heart, don't damage surrounding tissue like an external defib does, but the chest has to be opened up. also there are internal ones where they chop you open and install them. older ones would have wires that came out of your chest to a box you wore, newer ones are computer controlled and completely internal. so that's where we get the letters AED from. the E stands for external, meaning it's on a wall in an airport or wherever like a fire extinguisher and not implanted inside people or requiring that you crack someone's chest to use it. the A stands for Automated, meaning the paddles are disposable flexible pieces that are also heart monitor sensors. there is a computer that takes the data and decides whether or not the patient should be shocked. if the paddle/sensors do not detect fibrillation, the AED simply will not fire. regular defibs have been around for decades, but AEDs are a fairly recent invention. when a defib is needed, it's needed RIGHT NOW and eventually someone designed one that some dumbass couldn't kill someone with. so then the defib companies began to realize that they could make a shit-ton of money selling them to anyone that doesn't want to get sued for not having one. the last one i messed with was about 10 years ago, but here's how it would go. somebody falls down at a train station or whatever. you grab the box off of the wall and open it up. it's got a couple of packs of sensors that you tear open and plug into the box and then follow the pictures on the wrapper to know where to stick the pre-lubed pads onto the person's chest. then you turn the thing on and it starts reading the heartbeat with the sensor/paddles. then it will say SHOCK NOT ADVISED if the person is not in fibrillation and pushing the schock button doesn't do anything. or it will say SHOCK ADVISED and you yell clear and everyone stops touching the person and you hit the shock button and there is a tiny click and some of the person's muscles tense up and that's it really. you might have to shock them again, but in reality after a couple of shocks the person's chest cavity is baked and a lot of damage is done to the heart. then when the montioring part senses that the heart has stopped it tells you to start chest compressions or whatever.
0	It bothers me when other girls do this. It can totally ruin someones life. Sexual assault isn't a joke and it sure as hell shouldn't be a weapon for girls to use. It's a serious thing that has serious affects on someone and falsely accusing someone makes it harder for someone who actually was assaulted to find justice because people won't believe him/her.
1	Wow thanks for the thread. Streaming was always difficult for me due to the need of doing long sessions to pull in viewership as a player. I like to play 1-2 games, take a break, play 1-2 more etc.   Also current limitation is internet at home. It's not very good! but I could try streaming on it, I think my current laptop can handle the load of streaming.   I'll talk to the other casters and they can teach me how stream setup actually works nowadays and I'll give it a try, but I may never be able to pull off the long streaming sessions like Rivington and Phreak can.
1	As I told you, I mainly play him as an AP bruiser now, so I start with a bit of AP and magic penetration, and I find the damage/slow dealt by his E pretty good (probably not top-tier though).   Usually whenever I'm ganking with him, I'll let my MS buff charge for 1 sec before actually popping onto the lane. The main issue is, as you said: a good marksman will AA you so your shield goes off, but usually it's already too late and you're in range to land your E (which is honestly not hard to land). The slow is actually pretty good, and while pre-6 skarner's ganks are not really powerful, I often make the enemies burn a flash or 2, because the damage from his E/Q is rather good.
1	I 100% agree with you I am a plat ADC but every since cinderhulk and tanks were seen in competitive all I see now is a big healthy tanker jungler and top which I enjoy, However it has made me adjust my style for the better, I now only proceed to play ADC, that can build botrk first (vayne&twitch&Kog are the ones that come to mind) This has helped me become a better adc as I have learnt my limits as a carry and have got better and positioning. This has also made me think more about my items e.g. they have sej qss 2nd or 3rd item :)
1	Just to point out voyboy had a whole year to adopt the clg playstyle but didnt. The reason voyboy was regarded as the best top lane prior to going to clg because he would play full aggression much like silsol or wickd does. This naturally will win lane because at the time crumbz would camp mid and force the jungler into staying mid/bot to counter crumbz and top lane would be voyboy island. Voyboys playstyle fit this perfectly but clg doesnt play this way. Hotshotgg always played champions designed to farm top and push.
0	First girlfriend, I got a message from a guy saying "how does it feel to lose your girl?" Being confused I go to my facebook profile I see that I'm single her relationship status is hidden, but his say that he is in a relationship with her. He is in Oregon we lived in Virginia (fuck you omegle>.>). I try to get her back being my first girlfriend in all, school starts up she is cheating on me with 3 other guys (oregon boy included). I "hacked" her facebook (she never changed her passwords >.>), that she left logged in on firefox (i only used chrome). See these messages, hop on my laptop which she used the night before to see messages and a nice 3 hour call (I was passed out from my all nighter before) to the guy in Oregon. She said she was confused. She broke up with me and later gets pissed off for me going after another girl after she had another boyfriend >.>.
1	We aren't saying he was balanced, we are saying the core gameplay of the character was changed. Before he was this hunter that had to wait and for the cc or the zonyahs to be down, you got to feel like the predator you exploited the weak. Now you are forced to lvl up an ability that might hit first, you no longer feel like you can wait to go in, now you are the one wanting to take the cc. You don't feel like a hunter that picks off weakened prey, you just feel like you jump in the fight to roar. And hope they are afraid of this lion that just got back from getting neutered.
0	I still remember this girl from middle school who would try to starve herself at lunch everyday. Except she wouldn't, she would just steal all of my damn food and when I suggested she not do that she said "I don't have any food, I need this more than you." She also got free lunches at school so it's not like she couldn't have walked five feet and gotten her own.
1	We ask a lot of players but some of them are just not comfortable doing it or it turns out they don't fare so well at the desk -
1	It's definately a good step to "clean up" in high elo territory for once, especially when players get money from Riot to be a professional gamer and represent their game.   On the other hand though, the times I've seen IWD on streams he wasn't doing anything out of the ordinary. There's joking trash talking in almost all games and since the introduction of the Tribunal everybody has grown really thin-skinned.   Now I don't say that what he did was right but a year long ban is also a grave punishment for somebody who relies on tournament earnings (aka pro players). Being probably 10 years above the age of the average league player I don't really get upset about flaming (which seems to be what IWD has been banned for); everyone has bad games/days every now and then and of course, you only hear about the bad ones on the Tribunal.   On the other hand you have players like Dyrus who troll and feed on purpose (on a stream with 10k viewers no less) or just afk/ragequit games. As a player I'd rather have somebody on my team who's raging at me for making a mistake (nobody rages at somebody for no reason to be honest) than somebody who's actively working for the other team to win. Of course, we won't see any punishment for Dyrus though because Riot loves TSM for some reason (also inb4 fanboy downvotes).
1	No, what this tells you is people don't find everything with a vagina attractive.  Lux doesn't look to bad, but I don't like blondes, and the one on the right, well isn't attractive to me, and apparently other people.   It's amazing, you don't find someone attractive, you're shallow, you find someone attractive you aren't shallow (but you did just judge a book by its cover?).  Each person has their opinions, they aren't wrong or right they are what people think.  I think Megan Fox is not attractive, I think blondes are generally not attractive, and girls with an oddly shaped face with lots of eye shadow and no chin, are not attractive.   You think anyone comes to the "rescue" of ugly guys on the internet? Nope, and if they do, they shouldn't.  Its called SELF ESTEEM, just because people don't share the same opinion or "value" of someone's looks doesn't make them wrong.   The internet allows people to be more honest and open, and people think its because a "group" of people are assholes, no its because of the internet.  People are much more likely to say they find someone unattractive on the internet then in person, so now that you are in a sea of "anonymous" you assume these people are judgmental because they are "ugly, superficial, lifeless" no they just don't give a fuck what people think.  You assume that there isn't a jock, a model, or a VP, or random "perfect" person on the other side of the keyboard, but you really don't know, ignorance is the only thing you are fighting with.
1	Well the LCS Preview is for the entire LCS.   It's done once a week so it covers EVERYTHING that happened in the previous week. I understand that you may find it weird, but you have to view the EU and NA LCS as one league/program. It's like the Eastern and Western Conferences in NBA or the AFC and NFC in football.   They are loosely associated and thus the first "show" needs a recap of the previous week.   If you think the length is the issue, there wasn't much happening in EU last week. NA had many more storylines/upsets so its natural that NA will have a larger feature. It's likely that EU will have a huge feature once the ties start adding up. Reginald subbing, CLG win streak, XDG beating C9 and XDG role swaps were just too big to gloss over.   Each story would be headlines on its own, but all together there were insane amounts of volatility/drama in the NA scene.
1	The problem I see with this idea of her kit is that it nearly kills off a larger niche of AP mages... Ap trist, yi, Naut, Pony will be ruined by how much she can do in lane without doing all that much.   This also places her high tier for countering a large number of mids...
1	First: I'm level 19, a decent player, but by no means a great one. Keep that in mind as you read my thoughts, as it is important to know what kind of person an opinion is coming from.   My knee-jerk reaction is worry, honestly. Firstly, I don't like where the changes are coming from, their motivation; The video was all 'more accessible' this, 'easier' that, 'dynamic choices' blah blah, 'push in and fight, ignore the jungler,' 'hurhur, minions don't hurt you anymore.' ;p   Making everything easier and more accessible, as well as less punishing for being caught out of position is  not  the way to go. This won't provide balance, this won't even the playing field or anything of the sort. Nerfing minion damage and red buff doesn't reward aggression, it rewards bad plays. Minions do a lot of damage for a reason, and that's to teach a new player not to overextend, the hard way. I'm not saying this patch will drastically change everything for the worse. I see a lot of people freaking out, but I think they're overreacting.   Point is, although there is a time and a place for simplifying or 'dumbing down' things, I don't think LoL needs it; I'd say it already has a great balance of accessibility and skill. It's got a ton of technical stuff, but is still simple to play at a medium level of skill. There's plenty of room for amazingly skilled plays, while still being a fairly straightforward game.   Also, as has been mentioned, the potion change will simply make certain champions with lifegain skills even more powerful, and thus make every other champion less viable. Furthermore, I  like  the laning dance, where you have to play it careful, not draw undo amounts of minion aggression, and trade pokes with the enemy laners. I'm not saying this will go away in this patch, or anything drastic like that, but it makes me somewhat sad that this skillful lane dueling isn't a good or interesting mechanic in Riot's eyes.   On a more selfish level, I was just teaching myself to jungle, and now they go and switch everything up? And right after adding the new masteries which  already  made jungling a lot easier. If I can pick up jungling, others can too...do we really need a complete jungle overhaul to make it 'accessible'?   Furthermore, and sorry for this getting long, but the reasoning behind the jungle changes baffle me. They're saying there are more choices now that jungle creeps respawn quicker: Should I gank, or farm? Well, that was always a choice for the jungler. Sometimes an opportunity arises where the perfect gank is available, so you go do that. I can sort of see the reasoning, since you'll have more creeps to go back to and farm after a gank, but the reasoning still seems a little suspect.   I don't know, really. I like some of the changes, but agree with the people who are worried, and am also quite worried since it seems Riot doesn't quite know what they want from the game. I'm not going to rush to judgment or say this patch will ruin everything. In fact, after everything dies down, I think we could see some interesting changes to the metagame.   Sorry for rambling, I've got a headache and am less than focused at the moment.
1	I hope this doesn't sound too critical. Disclaimer, I'm not just trying to say "You're not high enough elo to do this stuff." I think that the show is not playing to the strengths of its cast.   Everyone on the show was likeable but no one offered enough in terms of expert knowledge and comfort with analysis. Yet you keep bringing the focus back to ingame analysis. You have 4 people that are qualified to be hosts bouncing talking points back and forth and you don't have the one or two people with a deep, concrete knowledge pool that can confidently answer the questions you are asking each other. It reminds me of the old Trinity Force podcasts whenever they couldn't get a guest for the week. The reason shows like this work on say, ESPN Sportscenter or JD's State of the League is because the lion's share of speakers on those shows are ex-pros, coaches etc. That's what lets them have a narrow focus on their topics. The four of you are avid spectators and all have good communication skills, but you are forcing yourselves to be analysts/pundits which aren't your strong points to begin with. As a live broadcast especially it's not appropriate to "fake it until you make it." My favorite parts are actually when Hughbo forgets the current topic and goes off on a tangent actually. It does detract from what is clearly the intent of the show, but it feels so much more natural and it is what I expect if you put a bunch of journalists together. Talking about teams, orgs, rosters, players, tournaments and news items. You guys shine when you are doing this (not often enough) and you're faltering when you linger too long on reading plays and interpreting the meta.   ^^^^
1	In my personal experience playing as Riven. Hard or even matchups are:     Tryndamere     RNG dependant, can really shit on you and snowball if he gets a lot of lucky crits. If you're not winning the lane or Tryndamere is ahead, he can dive you relatively easy once he gets six. Pre 6, you can really shut him down as well. Combo whenever he tries to get a CS and force his spin. Much depends on player skill though.     Nidalee     A good nidalee player who makes use of the brush for movement speed and gets to lvl6 without dieing is good vs riven. her Q damage on low HP targets is really STRONK. I am talking about AD Nidalee (Bruiser) btw.     Tiger Udyr     High 1v1 DPS with tiger and tanky enough to live trough your burst due to his shield.     Irelia     You either need to zone/kill her pretty hard early or she'll be able to sustain your harass and just farm. Can exchange pretty well with you. She stuns you after your combo and whacks away with true damage.     Cho'gath     If you can't kill/zone him enough early game, he'll just become a meatshield that farms and heals up trough his passive. You can shit on him really bad earlygame though!     Gangplank     Tbh, I win mostly vs GPs. But when played right the lane can pretty much go even. His Q has a shorter CD than your E. But you can argue that he runs oom after a while. While you can stay in lane forever with some lifesteal.   I played vs Kennen once and I managed to win. But I think it had more to do with him being a bad player. Generally you should lose vs a Kennen if he plays it right.
0	A lot of us grew up with family constantly sharing photos and wanting to see photos of each others trips and big events. We now have a way that we can do so that doesn't involve physical photo albums or slides. And my great grandmother in Mexico can now have my cousins show her the photos the rest of her family here in the US. What we have now is an extension of that. Also keep in mind that the advent of digital photography has made it infinitely easier to take pictures anywhere and anytime without the added step of development. The photos are there for people who care and can easily be ignored by those who don't.
0	Contact your head of school's secretary, tell them you're doing a project on some bullshit, and ask for the policy that requires or facilitates mandatory attendance. I did at my university, then contact every head of school, then the chancellor and their vice, then policy department. When I was absolutely positive that no such policy existed, I wrote an open letter to the board of directors of my university.   In this letter, I outlined my findings, and explained that teachers are enforcing mandatory attendance and failing students who would (if they hadn't of missed two or three classes) passed with high distinction, who are then forced to retake the unit. I had obtained the statistics of failures due to attendance and calculated the whopping multi-million dollar figure of how much extra the university had scammed by teachers making up their own illicit policies.   I stated that I will go to the media with these figures, and personally orchestrate a class action law suit (yes, law postgrad here) against them seeking compensation for lost earnings of six months per student along with reimbursement of spendings for course and materials over again should they EVER allow a teacher to state such an attendance policy is by any means acceptable or in place, or should such policy EVER be drafted.   It is clear if you are passing a unit you are attending as many classes as YOU, PERSONALLY, REQUIRE. We are individuals, we shouldn't be made to slow down for the lowest common denominator in class; and I for one had attended possibly three classes for each unit of law that year and passed with high distinctions. My way out of mandatory attendance? I would never, ever tell anyone my name, fill out a roll form, and when I submitted assignments I would walk up to the front of the class, lift the pile at a random location, shove mine in and shuffle the fuckers. Some teachers got wise to that and tried to thrwart me, instead I used a GGMK key I had that let me in to any locked door on that campus (sure, I'm not meant to, but sue me) and slipped it amidst the pile after hours.   Needless to say I was the most popular person at school for the rest of my years at university, and my original declaration and open letters are sitting framed in the law faculty library. You too could be this awesome; consider it at least, food for thought, right?
1	CLG has not had a very good draft the entire season. They literally win games by snowballing their fantastic early game which comes from their ability to skirmish and how fucking talented all 5 of them are. It's literally a shit show when it comes to late game calls and team fighting. In my opinion, they need 1 smart player who may not be the most gifted, but someone who can be a dedicated shot caller and tell them how to close games, cause really none of the 5 currently on the roster are that guy. They are simply a team of 5 individuals that are great at the game, but can't figure out how to come together as a team.
0	The thing is, I don't really have any 'secrets'  per se  but I do have private thoughts/experiences that I would occasionally like to share with close friends, under the condition that they keep the information to themselves.   I had a difficult experience in my first year of university (suffered from really bad anxiety and depression) and I told my cousin/very close friend about it, simply because I  needed  to get it off my chest... later I found out that she blabbed all about it to her boyfriend (who I'd met in person ONCE). She betrayed my trust for the sake of telling a [not even that interesting] story.   I can understand sharing information/"secrets" with your SO if it is  relevant  to the both of you. But my mental health issues were none of my cousin's boyfriend's concern. Certain information really does not need to be shared. I needed a confidante, not a FOX news reporter.   Sorry for the wall of text... not necessarily directed at you personally... but I'm slightly bitter about this topic.
1	Because I'm not 12 years old, I could honestly care less what people want to argue or rage about. Seriously. I've been playing online games for a decade and a half and I give zero shits what some stranger in Oklahoma City wants to argue about. If someone calls me a retard and I am not in the mood to hear it, I just mute them. If someone wants to get in an argument about how I'm bad / not bad / whatever, sometimes I'm in the mood to troll back, sometimes I'm in the mood to say 'l0l' and watch them blow up in chat. It's part of the online experience, and it's the reason ESRB ratings have said "we don't monitor online interactions" since the mid-90s.   People 'worship' (aka...enjoy watching) streams for many different reasons, the biggest of which is entertainment. If you want a rage free environment watch Guardsman Bob or Wings...if you want more 'drama' (which some people like, more power to 'em), watch Rageinald or Hotshot. Personally I enjoy laid back, more informative / unique streamers like wings and chu8 than the more popular ones, but it just comes down to personal preference. When I stream I stop getting into arguments and whatever because it feels a lot more petty and boring when people are watching.   I'd rather play fun, unique games where I can mute trash talkers who take things too far than play a game where everyone gets a long and holds hands that ends with our top going 0-11. I play this game for the fun, challenging game play that comes from a true 'gg', not to sit around clicking creeps before a 20:00 surrender (I just had a game where I had 183 cs at 20:00 over their Trist's 75 cs. We surrendered because our Lee Sin died a half dozen times trying to counterjungle Nautilus + mobility boots Sion and getting caught EVERY SINGLE TIME. When I said "stop fucking counterjungling without wards to escape with" he literally said "noobs always blame the jungler". We surrendered after they got baron 21 minutes into the game).   The fact that this community thinks 'stop fucking counterjungling' makes for a more toxic player than the guy he's calling out is just ridiculous to me.
1	I 100% agree with this I think Hotshot needed to take the MrN approach a long time ago. Just find someone better willing to be your replacement. Mrn has been much more sucessful since MRN himself stepped down. Hotshot should do the same he is already the owner of what i would figure is a million dollar organization. He can find someone who wants to play for a pro team you know and is really good how many teams had good players but didn't make it.
1	Preface: I'm on a LOT of allergy medication so normally I'd be backing this post up with harder numbers and better justifications, but concentration is hard.   I lied. Here's some math about MF's W.   I'm going to do some dirty napkin math for you. Imagine an opponent has 106 magic resist. A fair number for mid to late game, right? Well, you, sir or madam, have 6% magic pen from masteries, reducing it to about an even 100. That's a 50% damage reduction on magic damage sources. Now, at level 16, you can stack your W on a target up to 8 times. Let's say you have an AS of 1.5. Over 6 seconds, you can attack 5 times and cast 3 Qs.   In those 6 seconds, you will apply 36 stacks of W for (.06 * 36 =) 2.16 AD magic damage. Even with a 50% dropoff, you've still applied an extra auto in those 6 seconds and will be doing 24% bonus damage on every hit. Obviously, against less armored targets, that magic damage becomes downright dirty.   Her W is good. Amazingly good. And you only need 1 point in it for full effect, letting you focus on your more important skills.   Ramblings   So MF is a bit of an odd duck. I'd say she's the most generalist of all the carries, consistently strong through the game. MF has sneaky advantage over most other ADCs in that she deals a surprising amount of magic damage. This makes her less weak to armor-stacking, but also makes it harder for her to outright overwhelm soft targets. Her damage is normalized by the reverse scaling, making her a more relevant threat to everything while removing her ability to outright dominate certain classes.   Her Q is one of her biggest skills. It applies on-hit effects up to twice and has a really low cooldown for its ratio. If you hit two champions with it every cast in a teamfight, it will be one of the highest-DPS skills in the game. One also can't underrate the importance of applying lifesteal twice on cast in addition to your autos.   I've gone over why her W is fucking amazing above, but it also gets a 6 second, 60% attack speed boost. 6 seconds is a long time. She is also the only remaining ADC with Grievous wounds, which can be incredibly useful against a bevy of heroes.   Her E has one of the strongest AoE slows in the game over a large area. The damage it deals is nice, too, but that slow is essential for surviving chase and securing kills. 65 bloody percent...   And finally, her ult. In lane, it's great for finishing off fleeing foes and in temafights, a solid 4-5 man ult can really soften up foes. It's not a late-game ult like Jinx's, but it can still soften up the crowd before she engages with autoattacks. It charges up her W against targets, letting her deal the full 48% bonus magic damage on every auto and Q before they even get into range, and can also apply cleaver fully if you have it.   This gives her a very cool build diversity. Triforce + Cleaver + Lucidity makes her an effective AD mid with GREAT burst potential and an AoE rend, while IE + BT makes her Q hit like a truck keep her alive longer as she relies on massive lifesteal, and IE + PD makes her a wrecking ball.
0	A lot of people forget that Hitler was democratically elected. He staged a failed coup and was sent to prison. Which boosted his popularity a lot and during this time he solidified his philosophy in Mein Kampf. He gets out and runs with the very popular WWI general Hindenburg as Hindenburg's chancellor (Hindenburg figured he could use the popular, young politician to win). After Hindenburg died in office, Hitler started consolidating his power and we all know what happened next.
1	Before you judge my comment, Ninfang is a great buddy of mine and I respect everything he does and how he plays Rengar.   But this play has nothing special to it. He takes his jungler's red which gives him a crazy advantage (insta level 2, rengars prime cheese moment) and on top of that starts with a red pot. A fiddle running into a brush where Rengar is located isn't going to be pretty business. The fiddle wasn't even ranked in Soloq and the graves was diamond 1 (5 points). After the fiddle feeds him first blood it was going to be an easy clean up on the graves since he had red to chase him out.   Once you get that big of an advantage on someone with Rengar there is no hope for you. Pretty much sums this game up as the rest was just fiddle having no clue how to play against rengar and Ninfang just being way better than him.
0	The thing reddit hate's more than organized religion is homophobia.   The only thing reddit hates more than homophobia is that typoed ' in hates.  Gotcha!
1	And this is one of those stupid posts that thinks Quality of Life changes make the game easier. A good player knows when and how to react to enemy positioning and make the most out of their gold lead. A good player... etc etc. A good player does  not  need to know the exact distance of a Graves Ultimate upon playing him for the first time.   Here is an example of what you are doing wrong:   "I hate how they made the shop interface easier to use; good players know how to navigate the old shop."
1	Not to burst your bubble but that's pretty unfair to Zeds teammates. AFks/DC happen but every player owes it to their team to try their best. Zed did let you back in the game (less behind = more ahead...). This would have only been okay if the entire team agreed to let you free farm, otherwise that Zed is basically helping the enemy team. The fact that you were in promos doesn't really matter.   Like others have said, imagine if you were on Zeds team and every lane is winning (just as an example) and then your mid just lets opponent farm for free and threaten to afk if jungler ganks etc. Sounds like toxic behaviour to me.
0	I will tell you that the most recent research shows that ADHD is much more complex then thought before and it varies greatly from person to person with some consistencies. So what may only require you to develop coping mechanisms may be much more significant for someone else.  Also when you might only present with some symptoms others might present with much greater symptoms like sleep disorders which the stimulant medication treats.   A little science for you. You don't have to read if you don't want to I just like informing.   ADHD seems to be linked to a lack of proper neurotransmitter activity in an area of the prefrontal cortex called the a2 region. When someone takes stimulant medication it dumps dopamine into that part of the brain allowing those neurotransmitters to function properly majoring the person with ADHD feel "normal". This part of the brain is responsible of sending information from and to the frontal lobe which is responsible for impulse control, prioritizing information, and sequential thought.
0	An american ton is 2,000 lbs. But 2,000lbs is equal to 37 furlongs. And a furlong is equal to 83 wizzlewozzles. A wizzlewozzle is equal to 16 shalazams. But 3 shalazams are equal to 15 strides from John one mile over.  [
1	But that's the thing. Everything you're saying right now IS TRUE. You can play whatever you want in whatever role and define it by the champ not the role.   Lets take a few examples of champs that have even gotten big in the "meta" for a time.   Ez/nasus jungle. Totally redefined the jungle role. Because they didn't really jungle. Just farmed jungle sometimes, then made pathetic ganks that pushed out the laner and pushed down towers.   Double bruiser bot lane. Not seen too often outside of the challenger scene but a known type of kill lane.   But you say that "champs made for that specific role can't lane. Yes there are supports made specifically for the support role. But for jungle that's not true at all. Pretty much every jungler can lane. Lee, Elise, Kha, all laners.   Basically what you're saying is "supports shouldn't be defined by supporting abilities? Aka shoved into the support role.   This to me is a bit silly. Because they aren't. Even in the current meta. Zilean, support or mid not sure, same with lulu, morg, etc. Yes there are a few like thresh and braum that can't lane at all, but saying that EVERY character should be able to play EVERY role is just silly. You literally can't do that.   You can't have every champ be an all around champ. The reason thresh is awesome is because he gives up pretty much everything for massive massive utility. Would you rather they scale back his utility so he can lane? He'd just be a mediocre champ.
1	I'm okay with the maps we have. 4 maps with over 100 champions on each is enough variety.   And I can understand that riot won't add new maps and focuses on competitive events for the other map. For me the competition is worth much more than 10 Maps to choose from.   If I recall other games I played I always just used around 3 maps I liked.     Warcraft TFT: Lost Temple, Turtle Rock and Gnoll Wood.   SSBM; Final Destination, Battlefield and maybe Temple of Hyrule.
0	One: the father helped defend OJ.   Two: Kim was a personal shopper for either Paris or Brandy or both   Three: Kim's name was out there because of her ties to other reality stars and who her dad was.  She got her picture taken by paparazzi and was invited to the right parties.   Four: Kim filmed a sex tape with her boyfriend Rayj, it was released.  It's debated as to why and whom released it.  Many think Kim consented to it because Paris' tape sky rocketed her in popularity.   Five: reality show starts, focuses on her and her family.   Ok so that is a brief history of how, I'm sure I am missing things...let me explain why.   Why: there is always a fascination with people whom seemed to live a lifestyle that many want.  Whom hasn't dreamed about being rich, partying with celebrities, wearing expensive name brand clothing, buying expensive things, and living luxuriously?  Granted, many of us out there don't care about that stuff (raises hand) but I guarantee you everyone has thought and dreamed about it at least once.   For many people, they get hooked watching their "lives."  Like many reality shows, I'm sure parts of it are fake and dramatized which causes repeat viewers/fans.  It's also fascinating to some to be able to see a life style that many of us will never have or even experience second hand.   I'm not a fan, I don't like them, but I get why shows like their or those real housewives garbage get viewers.  Shows like that are not going to go away because they do get ratings and advertisers line up to air a commercial during the show.
1	Does it change the way he bans and drafts?   Yes, because Dom is solely responsible for the
1	Since we are talking about pathing I have a story. I was chasing a champion with 50hp and he ran diagonal. I was oom and chasing him with tier 2 boots. As I was in melee range my character kept doing a stutter step, or he kept zig zagging. The weirdest thing, I didn't get the kill :(
0	Aid is a political tool giving some form of legitimacy to an American hegemonic state at effectively next-to-nothing costs. Aid gives the impression (and physically reinforces) the concept that the US has different world interests in mind and guarantees that countries benefit from US dominance, propagating and continuing current international norms which GREATLY benefit the US.
1	Not in S3 jungle. Now jungler have 3 ways to play.   1.  Farm all day and be barely useful in mid game but get flamed and reported by team for no ganks.   2.  Try to gank as much as he can and realize hes 2 levels and 1k gold behind enemies and get flamed and reported by team for being useless cause with new support items supports ward bot and bush below mid lane, top wards for himself and mid plays on bottom side of his lane (that warded side). Thanks to that everyone is safe and everything is warded -there is no way to successfully gank unless enemy is retarded.   3. Buy pink wards and force enemy to play defensive (that means no opportunity to gank) and fall further behind because junglers have really hard time getting gold and cant afford wards.  OR  ask support to buy pink wards and get flamed for demanding something and then get flamed for unsuccessful ganks.
0	I am typing this comment while eating a stale egg salad sandwich and a gatorade that together cost me $6 at my colleges commuter cafeteria.   The problem is that most colleges in the US have outsourced its cafeteria work to contractor such as Sodexo or Chartwells. These corporations provide workers, inventory and some equipment at a fixed cost to the institution. Their contracts almost always include a clause that all food service must come through them. Your fraternity wants to have a cookout? Better get permission or do it off campus. You want to sell coffees in the student center to raise money for the Student Government? Better clear it with food service. These companies then set the prices on meal plans as well as cash prices on item, while they are in a monopolistic position, where they can lower their quality and raise their prices and 90% of the student body will still be stuck eating their shit and paying through the nose for it because it would take an extra hour they don't have to go off campus to find alternative food or are too lazy to cook their own. the problem is, in the words of George Carlin "They have you by the balls, and no one seems to notice, no one seems to care".
0	My law friend postulated that it is because a submitted resume is not a binding contract.  You could lie and they could not later terminate you for this.  However, if you fill out a form online and agree that everything on this form is correct, then there are grounds for termination later.  I'm not sure how much truth there is to it, but it does make some sense.
0	Former shy guy here, i understand where you're coming from completely, OP. That being said, there comes a time when you have to step up as a man, and make that first move. I was terrible with this  for years . One of the hardest (and therefore, most valuable) lessons I've ever had to learn is that there comes a time when a boy needs to be courageous, to be a man. Sure you don't  have  to make the first move, but if you intend to have a relationship with this girl, making the first move will show her that you are not afraid to take the lead in the relationship. As a man, you lead the relationship, and as a woman, she is to be your partner.
1	Sigh. All they really need to do is make it so anyone that got into Challenger at any point in S3 gets the rewards. That way this issue is solved. Lets face it if you got into the top 50 at any point in the season you deserve it.   However, this does look more and more like a revision needs to be made to the system for solo queue in S4, particularly the Challenger tier.
0	Someone has a problem if three sentences is too long to read.
0	Clearly you've never been punched in the eye, otherwise you would know you can't see shit after getting punched.
1	Im a diamond 5 Irelia main player and heres my opinion on it. Thing is, unless they increase the speed of stacking tear I dont think it will affect irelias power spikes which would be the main concern. This item will make her a great bruiser lategame but I dont see irelias rushing this item as a first item. Her power spikes come mid game and midgame unless your really fed you typically have a tri force + boots and maybe  a giants belt/bilgewater cutlass.   I only see this item as a positive way to buff irelias lategame where she acctually falls off, but if having to be forced to stack a tear with irelia early game to get the lategame power, I dont see it being very viable without increasing the speed of stacking it. You will be falling off early game to build a lategame item on a champ that power spikes mid game. If you get what im saying.   Damagewise I dont know how this affect her, we will have to see, but having that much true damage can make irelia really strong, but the problem of stacking the tear in time for midgame power spikes is going to be an issue.
0	Well.. from what I've seen of the world, the suburbs tend to host the more educated people. (Depending on the suburb of course.) But a lot of suburbs where I live tend to be filled with upper middle class and upper class people who are paying for private school or sending their kids to a good public school.
0	I was at a gay bar in San Francisco last year. As a straight guy in a gay bar, it was actually quite nice. Drinks were two for one, but i made sure i didn't drink to much giving the situation i was in. What happened though, i remember there was a guy i was talking to, can't quite remember him but we talked for a good fifteen minutes while smoking a cigarette. The rest of the night i just hung out with my pals, and i would always catch this guy staring right at me, it really made me feel uncomfortable.
1	Sigh.. not sure why Fizz should be nerfed out of the big 4 assasins. He is the only one that CANNOT farm from ranged. His ranged abilities when used to farm put him into melee range of creeps, so that cannot be used as a counter argument to the fact that fizz cannot farm from ranged.   The same thing that happened to Twisted Fate is going to happen to fizz. Like Twisted Fate, there are many counters to Fizz. Ever tried playing against a Malzahar as fizz? RIP. Diana does extremely well against fizz too. The only thing is, rarely are these champions picked against fizz. just like Twisted Fates counters at his time of greatness, no one thought to counter pick TF and then he got nerfed, and to top that off the sudden rise of his 2 worst nightmares, fizz and ahri have completely ruled him out of competitive play.
0	So I can't shit if I'm not resting my ass over something. It's not that I have week legs it's just I can't push it out if I'm squatting. So what I do and I'm sure you've heard it before many times is put toilet paper over the toilet lid.
0	I took some...substances... last night and watched some MMA. I couldn't look away for some reason. I kept wondering (probably out loud) to myself why anyone would willingly stand toe to toe with a guy like Wanderli Silva. It looks so brutal. But then it started to seem like some weird dance. These guys were having a great time getting the shit kicked out of them. Those 5 minute rounds seemed like hours. I realized when the bell finally rang I was gripping my chair so hard my fingers were locked up.
0	And if you really want to send a message leave a poor tip with bills (round down if you need to) and leave a penny face down. This gesture is intended to inform the server you thought the service was poor.   Also remember tipping really poorly or not tipping may cause a server to work for less than minimum wage for that shift. The employer is only required to pay the difference between earned wages and minimum wage for a pay period. I learned this the hard way because I worked at a really really overstaffed restaurant and some week days I'd make less than $4/hr but because I made over minimum wage for my two week period, I couldn't force my employer to pay the difference for that shift.
1	Because they think they are better than everyone else, and that the only reason they are doing badly is because someone else fed an enemy and thats why they are losing.   I've experianced this. The "our lane was dominating wtf?!" caused because their jungle left bot alone and ruined top and mid.   Overall result fed tryn solo our team.   Not sure if we could of played differently bot, ganked mid etc. But our jungle didn't gank bot cause he was busy helping top/mid.   My end score looked awful 9-9-8 ad. from 4-1 pre 6. Team fights involed tryn 2shotting me while i tried to net away and move within flash range of something.
0	When the scales are already imbalanced, counterweights are needed to rebalance them. History, law and society is an extremely slow pendulum. there was a time that in the case of a divorce, the man would always get full custody no matter what.   Also, this being the internet and you clearly wanting to duel with snarky comments and linguistic memes only further reinforces the already clear; that you never got into this discussion to have a discussion, but are here merely to a) troll, b) "stick it to those dirty, ignorant women and feminists", c) use (ironically labeled) logic memes to attempt to "prove" a point without actually providing counter evidence or d) all of the above.   >You have claimed that feminism works toward egalitarian goals.   >The actions of NOW, and all of the anti-male laws passed at the insistence of feminists shows this to be false.   Thank you for providing a perfect example of an affirming a disjunct.   As per demonstrated by your singular lack of intelligence insofar as this discussion as concerned, I shall elaborate by putting into logical terms what you have said.   A= feminists are for the equality of the sexes B= feminists are anti-men   1)A v B   2)B   3)  ~A   Translation:   Feminists are for the equality of the sexes or they are anti-men. Feminists are anti-men, therefore feminists are not for the equality of the sexes.   Further translation:   I do not deny that there are those that use the guise of feminism to spread anti-male doctrines, in fact, I made it clear that I know that it happens in my previous post. However, affirming that there are such people and therefore all those who label themselves in a similar fashion to the extremist group does not mean mutual exclusivity of such groups.   You're also clearly attempting to use the tactic  Argumentum ad Nauseum  by attempting to respond with non-points until I tire of arguing my point.   Also, I'm curious as to what "anti-male" laws NOW lobbied to be passed. Can you provide examples?   NINJA
0	Well, when you want to celebrate being white what exactly are you celebrating? Did you all, as white people, make steps to overcome injustice and intolerance recently in the past 60 or so years? Did you have anyone come to your aid and help end the enslavement of white people? Did some people lure you from your countries with hopes of dreams and riches only to become railroad workers? Then, did you overcome that?   Now that's all in the past. How about recently? Were you all allowed to marry in some states? Is your oppression from the War on Drugs finally coming to light making steps to be rectified? Can your children stay in the country to take great advantage of an education system to their adulthood? Did a white person finally make it into the White House?   Now it's no secret and no small feat that overcoming these issue took the help of a number of white people of various specific races themselves other than just being white. What they have done, when it really comes down to it, is just take the country a step forward as decent human beings. That is not to say that we shouldn't thank them. That is not to say that, as white people, they should be as proud as us because at the end of the day, white people could be a lot more help in reversing some of the policies that have, and continue to, oppress a great deal of minorities.   So be proud, to be Italian, Irish, Polish, etc. because these races have things to be proud of. Celebrating just being white however is pretty sour. Things were already in your favor. Enjoy it by all means, it looks pretty cool sometimes, but try not to get too boastful.
1	Pick before call, if they are like "Hey random, you are support" you can still pick whatever you want, because YOU are first pick, not them.   If the premades are not willing to play ANY role, it's their problem, tell them to stop playing draft pick, they should go for blind pick insta lock instead.   They can't report you for that, riot doesn't support the meta, so they don't care, they are trolling you not you them.
0	I was in college and got assigned a persuasive argument essay about the Lizzy Borden case. My professor started by telling us that the case was unsolvable because there was missing evidence. During a progress meeting, she asked me how I was leaning. I said that I was planning to write the essay saying that I had no opinion because there wasn't enough information to formulate one. She retorted that this was unacceptable.   I wrote the essay saying that the burden of proof was on the accusers and not the defense and that she should have been found not guilty because of it.
1	I really hate how players want everything to be available. It takes you literally a half second to check what damage your smite deals. You've more than enough time to do that while running to drake anyway. Also it's something that people know. It's a great addition, but I dont think it's that huge of a thing.
0	My younger brother is constantly manipulating our mother into getting his way. I told her about this once, and how he insults me and her when she's not around, and how he uses our grandmother's gullibility to make himself seem like the victim in every possible situation in order to gain her sympathy so that he can continue this. I was yelled at for a solid 2 hours. My little brother came in later to insult me further about trying to rat him out.
0	My friend's parents bought a cabin in Oregon about 10 years ago. They had toured it once with a Realtor, but mainly purchased it for the surrounding land. They closed on the property, and her dad headed off to do Army stuff in another state for a few months. My friend and her mother headed up the mountain to start cleaning the cabin. As they began throwing open the doors and windows, they wake a random guy who was sleeping on the floor in one of the rooms.   They are maybe 10 miles from their closest neighbor, in unfamiliar territory, in a tiny cabin with a strange angry bum.   As it turns out, the dude was some sort of half-squatter, half-survival enthusiast "mountain man" type who was more scared of them than they were of him. After introductions went around, he profusely apologized for startling them, but stood his ground. He insisted that they could all live together, and that he would be more than happy to do his share of the chores in exchange for an "open arrangement". His enthusiasm for communal living waned significantly after learning of the existence of the paterfamilias. He was persuaded, with difficulty, to leave that day, but he came back the following morning "just to make sure" they hadn't reconsidered his offer. (They hadn't.)
1	First of all: How many games have you played? Sometimes people complain even though they have only played a couple of games.   Secondly, are you sure you're winning the lane everytime? You said "often" but this can honestly mean anything. The perception of humans can sometimes be heavily biased. Not trying to accuse you of anything, just keep this in mind.   Now, if you truly want to become better, asking on this subreddit wont help you much. Your question can simply be answered with: "get objectives" but you wont learn anything new out of it.   If you TRULY want to become a better player and aim towards higher ranks, the only thing you can do is observe yourself and how you play. Realize what you're doing wrong and what this little thing is that keeps you from winning more games. There is no gain without effort.
1	So we are talking about support here; one of the most unpopular roles in the game. Even though season 4 changed supports and made them a more 'fun' role to play I believe you can split supports into 2 groups:   People who play support regularly.   people who were basicly forced into the role.   Now I ask you this, for both scenario's. Who are you to decide how the botlane will be fought? Most support mains know the matchups they are fighting. If they play a sona, a lane that doesn't really all-in, they still will want to poke. And now you get matched up with an adc who provides 0 pressure in lane, relinquishes brush control and runs away when you get all inned by that leona because he believes he can't win so it's best to just let you die. That is very frustrating.   Same with someone who is forced into the role, they probably have little experience in the support role, yet they get paired with an adc that doesn't back any of their decisions. It's better if both people go in on a bad call, then if only one person does and he basicly provides free snowball gold for the lane.   Now I totally agree with you that you shouldn't flame in game, ever. It lowers moral and it's not going to help you win the game. But please get of your adc high-horse, the botlane is a duo lane where both parties hvae to adapt to each others playstyle and sure this is also on the support, he should adapt as well. The way you put it in your post however, makes it seems you are unable to play any other way then the farm way, unable to play in sync with your botlane partner. If you don't know how to play with a variety of supports atleast communicate that in champion select, or just don't play the role at all.   Once again I want to underline that I don't condone flaming, in fact you can tell your botlane is going to be shit when you're paired with a flamer. Because you can usually tell someone is bad at working in a team when they flame and the botlane is all about team work.
1	Well to play devil's advocate, i will use an analogy with a cake. If i order a cake from bakery one and its perfect everywhere (like the frosting and the cake itself and the decorations are all perfect) then the cake is perfect. If i order a cake from bakery 2 and its terrible (just for the sake of the analogy), but the frosting is mediocre, then the frosting is the best part. Does that mean though, that just because the frosting on cake 2 is better than everything else about the cake that it's as good as cake 1's?
1	7800   That's like a 10 year old card. Just my personal opinion but the entertainment value of a computer is huge. The entertainment value of a computer at $1 a day and upgrade my computer every 3 ish years. Try to limit myself to < $1000. Less then $1 a day really...
0	every comment i make pertaining to my major in college on this site gets downvoted and responded to with people telling me to go watch the youtube channels they got their information from. the same art that got me accepted into emily carr university cant get more than 20 followers on tumblr. dont take the internet personally. you, your expressions matter even if they get down voted. whats important is perseverance and not giving a shit about peoples opinions unless theyre constructive in helping you better your posts or whatever it is youre trying to accomplish. none of this matters get curious about something and dont try to find acceptance anywhere but where your passions lay and even then fuck em if they dont care what matters is that you care.
1	Check my other two responses.
1	Yes, but I'm kinda worried about getting banned because I get reported as someone who is 'refusing to communicate', which is probably what would happen after a while. And if I leave the chat the way it is, I have to somehow participate in it at one point in the game. So, either way, bans are a 100% sure thing to get, no matter what. huehuehe   No, seriously now, I have made very good experiences with at least trying to lead by good example and make the players come down from their tilt/rage and tell them to stop worrying and flaming and that we still have a chance (obviously doesn't work if we get stomped hard for 20 minutes straight). If it wouldn't be so darn tiring to keep up with those kids I'd do it in every game.   Oh, and making calls if you are doing well is good too and most people will listen to you if you are the best player in the team of any given match. Also complimenting by saying gj or wp to people who make a comeback after they've died a few times can work wonders too.
1	This will apply to ranked games mostly but some of it is for Normals too.   Katarina and Talon are both viable but there's a few things you have to get over. First, both of them are going to have situations in which they simply won't work. Neither of them should be first picks, ever. Katarina has the highest damage potential of any champion in the game, her ultimate is capable of doing over 10'000 damage with an end game build and a full duration. As such, if you first pick her, the enemy team are going to ram champions at you that all have disables, so you're pretty screwed. Talon is quite similar, he can be hard countered as well.   Gonna speak mainly about Kat, as she's my second favourite champion, played her a ton. Biggest thing you gotta figure out with these champions is Timing. You need a lot of awareness to keep track of what spells and abilities the enemies have on cooldown and pick the correct time to fight, or you will melt. If you notice the enemy have used all their disables, or there's an isolated champion with no means to defend themselves, that's when you attack. You never ever initiate as either of these champions.   Secondly, your laning phase is not going to be brilliant. Katarina inherantly has a disadvantage in lane, and has to exploit enemy mistakes in order to win her lane. Most champions except really shit laners like Veigar, are going to win your lane without help. Unfortunately, they both require a lot of farm to be effective. Essentially you have to be farming very well in a lane that is not going to be easy for you to do so. Ganks help and when you get level 6 on both, you have the potential to destroy squishies.   Thirdly, Katarina especially is as much dependant on your own team as she is on the enemy team. Even if the enemy team has a lot of disables, she can still work if you have a team that has disables as well. Your team can absorb or use disables themselves to allow you to get in and do your damage. Galio ult or Alistar Q are good examples since the enemy champions are disabled while you sit there channelling your ult. If your team can't disable the enemy team, you aren't going to do as well even if they have no disables, since they can still kill you fast.   Lastly, assassins such as Katarina, purely through her presence has a very harsh psychological effect on the enemy team. Most decent players will realise, "Right, there's an enemy Katarina, we  must  deal with her fast". This does a couple of things. First, usually you will have an AD carry who also has the capability to destroy the other team, use this to your advantage. Force the enemy team to choose between attacking you, or attacking your carry. They generally cannot do both unless the enemy assassins or anti carries are very well farmed or the AD carry makes a mistake. If they don't focus you, have fun with the penta kill, if they do, your AD carry can have fun. Secondly it is also going to heavily distract the enemy team because they are going to be paranoid waiting for you to make your move and try and disable you. Finally it also has the effect that sometimes, the enemy team will wait for so long for you to make your move that it gets to a point where they must blow their cc or they are going to die to your team, I think of it as a critical mass point. If you can force the enemy team to get to that stage where they must fight to survive, you can exploit that and go in afterwards.
0	And then you have friends that are the poor saps who you owe money to, and you know you'll never pay back because "I don't like the taste of plain water" and only drink sparkling water and $300 a month in beer.
0	I live in Texas, and as a "black guy that isn't really black, like, you know?" the confederate flag has always made me feel uneasy. I have heard many excuses defending it's display like, -It's just a southern pride thing -The south was going to abolish slavery eventually anyway     The civil war wasn't about slavery, it was about the central government becoming too strong.    I'm a redneck lol.    etc. Now, I'm not the kind to get so easily offended by things, but I can't help but narrow my eyes and think less of someone publicly displaying that flag. Furthermore, that flag is a symbol, and a symbol's interpretation is decided by each individual, not you.      In other words, if you are proud to be southern, that's fine and I encourage people to continue being proud of their cultural identity. If you have some political views that you would like to express to others, that's fine and dandy too, but can we at least try to express ourselves in ways that don't offend others? Can we at least acknowledge the fact that the Confederate flag has come to represent hatred, slavery, and the Jim Crow laws. Not to mention associated with the KKK.
0	Gonna go ahead and say I met the exception to prove this rule.   My best friend, a guy I met when I was 14 at church, was my first roommate. I had lived away from home for a year already, but he was just moving out. We worked opposite shifts (I worked overnight and he went to school and worked evenings) but most days ended up being me getting in from work, sleeping until I heard his alarm go off, then him head out and go back to sleep. Then I'd wake up around 1p, walk into the livingroom and he's killing just as few citizens in Assassin's Creed to not lose the game. And we'd chill, have lunch, watch the Rangers, whatever, until I went to work that night and he went to bed.   We had our spats over bill payment, mostly me reminding him to pay something and him getting fussy because I was being kinda parental. And he could drink me under a table easily and I usually called it quits pretty early. But, we had a grand time in that place together, helping each other up when we were down over girls, or school, work, etc. He encouraged me to get back into school, and I've stuck with it since.   He met a girl about 6 months in to us living there, and when the lease was up, they moved in and got married a couple years later. They'll be having their first kid in June.   He's the guy that got me into this reddit nonsense, he's still one of my best friends. And when we get drunk (swiftly) and smoke cigars on his back porch, we think back about how great those days were when we were only 22, 7 years now, in wonder of how great we really had it together and didn't even know.   I think he knows my reddit handle. If so, you know who you are. Love ya, guy.
1	What would of happend if you did a normal camp clear and ganked top? You would of won the 2v2 but no you wanted that extra gold. You gave up nearly a free double kill all for one camp? real? I would of did a normal camp clear went top through lane and sat in the bushes free kills all day. Your gold jungler right? So you knew he started red and would be ganking top first why not take advantage of this?   Also man In a whole 7 minutes you ganked 0 times. In time you spent afk farming riven ganked twice and invaded your jungler and I consider that light ganking. If it was a good eve or lee they would of been up that ass.   As a jungler myself I hate it when players blame me for them losing lane even to ganks but none the less you have to ask yourself what you could of done and tbh you did nothing. If riven is ganking top you need to be either counter ganking or ganking mid and bottom not afk farming.   One more thing is you have to know your match ups. Its pantheon and riven. You should of made it a priority to get to top asap.   Personally I think feral flare is a cancerous item. It needs to be completely removed. Simply put it promotes bad gameplay. I hate feral flare junglers on my team. They always lose us the game and then have the balls to bitch and wonder why when they essentially made every lane a 2v1 3v2 for 15 minutes while they afk farmed. Meanwhile the enemy lee sin has ganked every lane 3 times and has 8 kills.
1	Because the people that will buy the skins < the people that will raise hell to riot about them being returned to the store after being made limited, hence the lee sin rework / nerf didnt go through. Enough people made enough of a fuss that it didnt happen compared to the people that didnt care and didnt do anything. People would go so crazy about their 1rp urf Ww skin being re-released (seeing as Rito promised that they wouldnt be released( similar to the legacy skin hype/ hate although it wasnt promised)) that they wouldnt do it for fear people would get hella mad.
1	This. I'm very much against toxicity, I really am. I hate it when things become personal and people can't acknowledge their errors and flame instead. BUT this really is playful banter/mental warfare without hurting anyone. I played as Singed against an AD Nidalee top in a ranked once (somehow he was plat IV when i was in my promo to gold IV). I got ganked and gave away FB, but I wouldn't let that drag me down. I'm a good spirit and kept on. I asked our jungler for a gank which never came, and i died multiple times because 3 people came top (once singed gets RoA and Ult you pretty much can't kill him anymore as nid). So this went on 3 or 4 times while the rest of my team stomped their lanes because I had all the pressure (even though i was not worth anything). While this went on I went ahead and asked nidalee what happened to her farm (i was leading by 10cs because I was proxying). This frustrated said plat player so much, he afk'ed in base and proceeded to shittalk his team.
0	alright I'll take this one   1)no-one said our debt was at dangerous levels, go read the original post. Yes we have less debt than the majority of the developed world but before labour took over we had a huge surplus. Also don't blame the GFC as deficit spending has continued well after that ended   2)Gillard only allowed a conscience vote because her party threatened to rebel and embarrass her at the liberal party conference. conscience vote was the compromise to keep from showing how little power she had, incidentally this is also the only reason we abstained from the Palestine UN vote.   3)We are bound by UN law to allow safe passage for Asylum seekers. This is EXACTLY why we try and avoid letting them land on mainland Australia because when they land here our law grants them certain rights, however when they land on islands or are intercepted before they get here we can deny them the due process they are entitled.   It seems like you are in favor of asylum seeker rights, as am I, but Gillards proposed 'Malaysia solution' was far more draconian than anything the liberals did. I mean ideally we should be processing them all onshore but unfortunately neither major party will do that.   4)Mining tax, carbon tax. Feel free to expand upon why these aren't valid if you actually think they have grounds.   5)See an honorable person would rather accept defeat than break a promise that saw them get the votes they did. You can say it was political reality but the fact is Gillard is in government rather than Abbott because she was willing to break her word and he wasn't.   6)yep   7)yep
0	Listen to me. I work in fast food. I actually kind of love my job. My managers are great, and I'm friends with some of them outside of work.. I can't complain.   Now I'll be honest. I don't care about most people that come in. I've been there way too long. I am rarely rude and I will not screw you over for no reason, but if you're nice to me and I like you then you  are  going to get special treatment. That's it. You want extra sauce? No problem. We have pie but the date stickers say we can't sell them? Have them for free. You want a substitution? I'll make sure it happens. I will make sure your meal is fantastic. But it also goes the other way. As soon as you get on my nerves, you're paying for sauce (not really, I don't usually make people pay for sauce, but it's pretty much up to me so don't fuck around), you're not getting those pies that you can clearly see, and I'm calling my manager to tell you "No" for me. And remember, I've been working with my managers for years. They are totally on my side, end of story. I'm actually going to complain to them about you later and we're going to laugh about it.   But I swear I am nice most of the time. :)
1	Maybe I'm biased by playing my placements recently, but in 9 out of 10 times it was just about skill in the bot-matchups. In the placements I played a game as Nami support with an Tristana adc who prefered to take tp over heal..... after 20 missed lasthits i decided to play ad Nami. We still lost pretty hard as expected (mid was feeding and the enemy team got all dragons), but i still "outdamaged" and "outcsed" the enemy jinx.   What I'm trying to say is, that in low elo there is no such thing as bad match-up which favors a lane-swap. Just play better than your opponent and you will win lane most of the time. (Ok, ok. There are hardcounters sometimes, but mostly due to the fact that the player is not experienced enough playing against certain champs)   But maybe there is hope and it was just the placements where i lost 5 times because of a lvl 30 freshman who had 80 normal wins.
1	Well, I'm not high elo in any sense (Only Gold), but I have been playing since Beta (so I'd like to think I know at least something about the game)... I used to main Talon when he came out, and for the majority of Season 2 until I moved to the US from Europe, and I even I have to say that he does need a change.  Now, while I say this, I do think the change they are making is the wrong one.   In my opinion, the change on Talon takes away any real escape he had pre-6.... the 20-30% slow isn't enough and .1 sec isn't enough time for any cc (look at Trundle and his Q.... only reason I know it slows is because that's what the description reads, otherwise I'd say his only slow is his pillar).  When Talon had his silence, there was a possibility for escape (use w to slow, then e to silence so you can make an attempt at getting away).   Now you might say, "Why does Talon need escape when he is supposed to all in?"... Well because pre-6 (the time Talon is at his weakest in game) he is super vulnerable to ganks and tower dives (due to him being so squishy), so his lack of escape will force him to burn flash, which pretty much leaves him will 5 minutes of non stop ganks that will result him Talon being put so far behind that it's not even funny.   What I suggest is either, swap the CCs of E and W (though I think this is still too much, if not worse, as a good Talon player can e - w almost instantaneously... also give Talon even less counterplay as Talon can just poke and silence with W to win every trade), Give Talon's E the ability to be used on friendly wards/minons/etc. like Katarina's Shunpo (in my opinion, this is probably the best idea as it fits his Lore, since him and Kat are pretty much comrades, and it will give him the escape he needs while giving him counterplay in lane), or rework Talon entirely (which I wholeheartedly disagree with as I feel Talon is mostly in a good spot, and his Kit makes sense overall).   I do have to say that I don't agree with the multiple charges on Talon's E idea as it doesn't allow for escapes as well and again promotes less counterplay since a good Talon player can just W, preload Q, E-Q, then E to a minion... all in almost less than a second.   So what do you think?  Anything I may be missing (I admit my ideas are far from perfect and I'm more than happy to hear where my arguments fall short)
0	Making a long shot thinking this comment will get noticed by anyone on my side, but, Reddit, can we  please  have better conversations than this. Please? Right now we have a thread full of either:   A.  People giving themselves self-congratulatory "not a bigot" stickers,   B.  People snarkily dismissing the group from people A and the OP without actually giving  any  platform on which to have a constructive dialogue on what the core of the issue is here (and therefore, allowing their comments to be easily misunderstood so that no progress is ever actually made).   or   C.  People taking the last half of OPs comment as an excuse to hate on minorities, while talking up their own tolerance, in one of the most ironic irony ever to have irony-ed.   Is OP for real?  No idea. Taking OP's identity at face value, is it  possible  for him, as an individual, to have had a set of personal life experiences that would lead them to say something like this? Sure. I'm part of multiple minority groups myself, and I know first hand anyone can be hateful, and anyone can be accepting, and there can be a lot of pain in figuring that out. That doesn't excuse the generalizations made, but acknowledging that at least keep us from having a drawn out debate on OP's individual legitimacy that wouldn't get us much of anywhere.   That said , Reddit upvotes comments in this vein all the time and it's a problem. The opening volley in [so]( many [conversations]( on identity politics in this subreddit is an image macro expressing some [supposedly subversive]( [reactionary]( sometimes downright [bizzare]( opinion against exaggerated and often false depictions of what are treated as widely held minority viewpoints. We need to break out of this, or we'll be trapped here forever.   In doing so the comments sections almost always fall into categories A, B, and C, and larger issues of structural bigotry that need to be discussed are flat out ignored.   To those of you in group A, bigotry is not some sociopolitical game of hot potato, where if you work to get the heat off you, you get to ignore it as a problem. Maybe you're not a bigot. That's wonderful. But when the conversation is flooded with topics like this, what we're not talking about is how minorities are  still  [disproportionately targeted for hate crimes]( in this country. What we're not talking about is the negative impact racial profiling [can and does have]( on minorities in America. Or that in most states, people [can still be fired from their jobs]( if their employer finds out they're gay. This confession bear reached the number one slot on Advice Animals in close to two hours after being posted. How often does an image macro discussing any of the above problems even make it to the front page?   People in group B aren't necessarily helping. So many responses to group A on this site get mired in individually mocking them. That's not the same thing as addressing the above problems, and actual debate on this site doesn't much change. Instead, it's this frustrating back and forth where people spend hours arguing in the same inanely framed ways without communicating anything of substance.   So how do we break out of this? How do we actually change the landscape of this site? I'm open to suggestions. We really do need to find a way out of this or we'll be stuck here forever.
1	Fun Fact. The slow Kayle gets from frozen mallet is different depending on whether she has her E activated or not. If she is using her melee attack, then she gets the greater slow that melee champs get from Frozen mallet. If she is using her ranged attack then Frozen mallet will slow for less.   Kayle's E also applies a slow if you have rylai's (because it does magic dmg). Although it applies the lesser slow % because it is an aoe skill.   I could be wrong but I believe the aoe rylai slow, and the frozen mallet ranged slow are the same slow % (15% I think, could be wrong).
1	There needs to be a note here:  for the health of the community, the "Morale Negative" approach outlined should  ONLY  - and I do truly mean  ONLY  be used in Ranked play.   Doing it in normal play will serve only to make players in general feel bad about learning to play - this would serve only to reduce the chance of a newbie playing long enough to get good & contribute to the community at large.  A net loss for everyone.  That said, in a competitive scene, there is merit to mindgaming your opposing team (though personally I do not subscribe to that school of thought)...
0	Ok, I laughed. If Reddit has taught me anything, it's that people can make themselves believe anything.   You just broke my irony gland.   > Your argument doesn't work - you have laws in place that are going against the Constitution as it is - in fact the final quote you replied to - I'm sure the killing of a US citizen without due process goes against the constitution - It runs contrary to constitutional guarantees protecting persons accused of crimes. So please explain to me how this is a 'cold hard fact'   So what you're arguing against isn't that things are unconstitutional, it is that the Constitution is being ineffective? I'm confused as per your position.   > Are you suggeting you are in favour of the assassination of US citizens without due process? Quite interesting.   So, if an American killed your entirely family and then ran off to Syria where the Syrians refused to let him be extradited, you'd be fine with it?
1	You didnt answer but this was exactly what i thought. Better
1	I believe what Doublelift is saying is that in a vacuum, a lot of ad carries are bad because they do not have escapes. Champs like draven/varus/ashe are only good when you have to team for them. If you don't have a team built around them, they really do suck, because champs like olaf, renekton, j4, akali, hec all have ways of easily killing them because they don't have escapes. CLG needs doublelift to carry them and it is really hard to win with those champs if their whole team is gunning for you. Sure you can build warmog/randuins, but that means you sacrifice a whole ton of damage to build those items. If enemy team has a carry that didn't build 2 defensive item but 1 defensive and one offensive, that ad carry is going to have a lot more damage output over a course of team fight and eventually you are going to lose because sure you beat their olaf one on one but their adc, with help of his team peeling for him, just killed 4 of your team. What do next? Building two defensive item only works when you have other people acting as the carry role such as rapidstar in frost, maknoon in sword, regi in tsm, or froggen in eg.
0	On the first day of football practice in 7th Grade, I was clipped by a kid tackling me on my right side, tearing my ACL, MCL, and Meniscus. School refused to pay for my surgery and my family couldn't afford health insurance, which meant I couldn't go to the doctor's office to get an X-Ray or MRI. About 2-3 months later, my parents decided to get me on the CHIP program and I was able to go to the doctor's office. I was told that my leg was in good condition (for a leg that was injured in that way) and they gave me new crutches and brace (Which is a huge step-up from using my great-grandfather's wooden crutches and a Mitchell knee brace from Wal-Mart which cut off my blood circulation in my leg). Unfortunately, even though it is four years later, I still have not had surgery because my growth plates have not closed.
0	Election campaigns work on the same principle as advertising campaigns... name recognition. When it comes down to time to buy/vote, the vast majority of people are going to pick whichever name they're most familiar with. This is why incumbents are much more difficult to beat... their name is already out there and people are familiar with them, so they vote for them.
1	These threads are usually pretty fucking pointless, so I'm going to try to dig up ACTUAL advice. Well hopefully this won't get buried, but let's try it!   I'll bite. I guess my biggest question is, how would you convert your early game advantage into mid game?   (For the sake of this conversation let's just say roaming isn't part of this, if you were mid, you came and got the kills bot or top, and if you're jungle you took the kills, top and bot etc. etc.  Most times I roam I end up getting the kills anyways. Resulting in the lane still being negative)   Examples: You win your lane (any lane), but every other lane gets smashed. Now it's mid game where everyone runs around because towers are down.   CLASSIC SCENARIO - You try to communicate to your team to ward and find people running around the jungle, you buy wards as well for this purpose. (This is excluding the fact that, by now, your team hasn't already surrendered from QQ or haven't raged so hard at each other that they just are being pussy ass bitches and trying to troll)     Team doesn't group. Why? That 0-8 Caitlyn/Xin/Darius whatever NEEDS/WANTS to farm. Can I blame them? No. They got smashed so now they want items to hopefully catch up. So what do they do? Over extend like crazy.  Oh but you must be saying, "YOU FOOL! WHY DIDN'T YOU WARD FOR THEM??" I did. I ping. They still die. Usually accompanying the death is the, "I'm not worth gold anyways tehe :3" Okay so now what do I do? The other team is taking objectives like crazy, picking us off, I can't possibly 1v5. Then the spiral begins.      Let's use your 10-2 Caitlyn. How is this caitlyn supposed to carry her team? Every lane is farming while the other team is at second turrets. Should the caitlyn just go doublelift on their ass and 1v5 them under turret? Mind you this is excluding the fact that the enemy team is EQUALLY fed from the other lanes.   I type until my hands bleed to group, I try to follow them and protect them, I ping.
1	Yasuo being overpowered is a good thing. Before you string me up, let me explain why.   For the longest time, the LoL community has been complaining that melee carries like Master Yi and Fiora were too weak. Many countless threads were made asking for a melee carry that had A) a defensive ability, B) mobility to get in and out reliably, and C) some form of CC so he wasn't just a damage bot, while all at the same time not being right-click button masher like Yi and Fiora.   Yasuo is exactly what people have wanted for so long. And now that they see what it is they were asking for, they're backpedaling and saying "Whoa, why would you do that?!"   Why? Because a strong melee carry has been a major desire of the community for  years . Riot tried to give people what they were asking for with Fiora, but she fell on her face. Now at round 2, Yasuo has come and is making the LoL community cry tears of blood.   The LoL community is overall the most self-entitled and whiniest group of children I've ever encountered. I know that Yasuo alone will never make them understand that what they were asking for was simply unrealistic, but it sure cant hurt.
0	I find self checkout frustrating in an entirely different way than assisted checkout.   I think it has to do with the fact that I understand how self checkout works. It irritates me that it takes the people ahead of me 5 minutes to checkout themselves (in my head I'm screaming "don't put anything in bagging area unless you've scanned it, dummy!"), yet it only takes me about one minute to check all of my items, bag, and pay.
0	My parents totally would do this. They found our toys once a few years back, but fortunately we were in the house. We both got a long lecture about how sex toys will cause infections and infertility and are unnatural and dirty and wrong and gross.   They made us throw then out, but didn't make it a point to actually watch us do it. We just found a better hiding place they are guaranteed not to find.
1	The champions that dont fit the meta are that way because they are countered by particular things but they also have things they do better than other champions, and this is how the game worked for a long time, champion a counters champion b with x ability but if you can protect champion a from b then champion a can do a lot.   For example, Cassiopeia is countered by champions that can lock her down easily, since she has no escape and is extremely squishy. However she excels at sustained damage if you can keep her safe over that time. Galio excels at keeping the enemy team locked down with his ultimate but is countered by champions with stuns or silences on their autoattacks (ever ulted a bear stance udyr?) so Galio needs to wait for the opportune moment to ult.   The problem is that at the moment there are other champions that do what these champions used to do without the inherent weaknesses.   Riot should buff these champions in the direction of their niche. Eg. Each cassiopeia E doing progressively more damage to a target or per use. Manage to keep her safe and you win the fight. Or make her base movement speed higher instead (snakes are fast bro) so she can dodge skillshots and run away from ganks better or poke down her opponent more effectively.   For Galio you could make it so that his ult makes him immune to autoattack enhance effects and then balance it around that.   Maybe I'm just talking out of my ass, but the only way to get these niche picks back in the game is to make them the best at doing what they do.   These niche champions have counterplay that makes the game exciting and dynamic, there should be more effort put into balancing them. Mistakes in balance changes can be undone but if nothing is done nothing changes.   edit:
0	While it may seem like book publishers may be like scummy music labels, it's actually to the benefit of readers and literature at large. Like a music label, publishers hand out advances to a large number of writers with the hope that one book (50 Shades of Grey, anything by trash writers like John Grisham and Nora Roberts) will sell enough to make back the advances and more. Same thing goes for music, wherein one artist can pay back the recording contract costs of dozens upon dozens of failed ones. Here's the catch though: instead of being churned through a shitty industry where your work is constantly being pressured to sound a certain way by everyone but you and your bandmates, a publishing advance lets a great number of young writers experiement and write for a living and, by some stroke of luck and/or genius, actually produce a potentially canonical masterpiece. So having the traditional publisher-author relationship has actually been beneficial to literature at large and young writers hoping to churn out a successful debut novel or short story collection.   So yes, book prices may not be in your control, like music, movies and teleivison shows are by way of pirating and the subsequent creation of streaming services. But then again, while it's harder to pirate a book, the traditional business relationship benefits society much more. Because honestly, the last thing we want is an Amazon-controlled self-publishing system in which anyone and everyone can throw shit at the walls with no concrete, traditional system of value. Sure, some independent stuff is good, but as far as I'm concerned, the world of literature is not in a place where I need a crowd of people telling me what's going to be good instead of people who have actually worked with famous writers and helped them produce great works.
1	I just want there to be a good resource for information about the Chinese league. Leaguepedia doesn't seem to have much on it, people never know when there's a big tournament going on, I don't even know if they stream on Twitch or not.
1	there is a difference between saying "dont condescend to me" and "dont be condescending". the first means to refer to someone as an inferior thus uplifting yourself in superiority. the second means to refer to the other person as if it was patronizing. but what do i know, i wasnt there.
1	Actually it doesn't work like that, because the level of your games rise when you have a positive win rate.   It is very hard to maintain a 55% win rate over 1000 games of  ranked  solo queue, because you'll face harder opponents as you climb the MMR ladder.   As for the guy with 70% win rate over a hundred games, he can easily reach high platinium, maybe diamond, because he will win more LP per match due to his excessive win rate. He will also lose less LP in case of a loss, unless he starts going on a massive losing streak.
1	In terms of strict competitive pro level games there is a great disparity that can be seen. On one end there are players who only play a few champs (limited pool) while some play a large number of champs (large pool). The first case is a result of the meta component of pro LoL. Under the assumption that all pro level players are good with almost all champs, there are only a number that they can consider for their role in terms of viability and team comps. For example, off the top of my head, Dade from NBS (I believe) was said to have a very small champ pool at top because of the type of comp the team likes to play and the fact that many of his usual picks got nerfed. On the other hand a player like Faker is said to have a large champ pool because he plays many champs that are viable to a very high level. Yes he could play many mids, but to play at such a high level with so many champs that are considered viable is a testament to his value as a pro player. All in all the point Im trying to make is yeah you can play many champs decent, and maybe win more than not, but to be playing at a very high level many, many, many games are needed to master the champ mechanics imo. Oh and soloqq is much different than competitive gaming and thus have different requirements
1	So there is an issue here and its something that I am picking up before I read any further... this is actually the ONLY thing I have read:   > Passive: Blood Scent   The reason why I am already having an issue is that as a Jungler, your play style should involve (to some extent) suprising your opponents with your positioning on the map. Blood scent does give your champion a nice movement speed boost, but it also reveals your general location on the map. It lets your opponents know if you are top/bottom side, near mid, in the enemy jungle... or during late game, which of 9 sections on the map you are in.  This is alone would be a Nerf to Warwick due to the knowledge/positional advantage it would give the enemy team.   Having stated this, I will now continue reading your suggestions     Making Warwick a "more" hybrid champion (Magic damage still on hit, which he does a lot) is very interesting choice. I personally enjoy the large amounts of magic he currently holds and the variations this can have on his build. This change does make sense thematically though as he is a giant dog, swinging his giant claws... one would think he should do physical damage.   Due to the above I like the change to Q.   I very greatly love the change to W... or at least the condescending of two like-minded abilities. Although it does somewhat decrease Warwick's early sustain in the jungle (or in lane). I would however suggest rewording the active so that Warwick gains an X% increase in attack speed and Allies gain two-thirds (or 66% of X%) of that amount. Rather than allies gaining X% and Warwick gaining 150% of X%   The new ability on Warwick's E draws a lot of questions from me. 1st, you admit that Warwick is a Single Target Damage Dealer. To keep this, you really don't want an AOE ability. This hurts Warwick thematically as well as balance wise. 2nd, Warwick is MEANT to be SLOW when clearing the jungle. He makes up for his lower clear speeds by having incredible sustain while doing so. Due to this, giving him AOE clearing potential is out of line.   Your change to Infinite Duress also kinda worries me. The main issues I have with this is that you are taking a champion meant for long sustained fights and adding bonus MR and Armor to him. I understand that due to the fact it is % increases you are benefiting the players who chose to build defensively rather than offensively, but there are already some highly effective defensive items for Warwick. Infinite Duress being a suppress also benefits Wariwcks team greatly already by taking a potentially high damage target out of the fight completely, while steal dealing damage to that target. Leaving Warwick tankier after that would be a poor choice.   There is another over all thing that annoys(?) me, and that is how everything is based of of Total AD. On this Warwick design, I see a general build being along the lines of: BT/Bortk/Hydra, BT/Bortk/Hydra, Spirit Visage, Ninja Tabi, Spirit of the Elder Golem, and then a filler tank (GA, Randuins, Iceborn Gauntlet) or aggressive (LW, BC, TriForce) item depending on the rest of your team. With this build you'll be hitting somewhere close to 240-300 Attack. 350% of this would lead to upwards of 1050 damage, before resistances, which would put almost any carry into Blood-Scent territory. Should you be a tanky Warwick, say only 1 damage item, you would very little damage out of your ultimate at all. I would suggest lowering the Total AD to something like 250% and adding a base damage per auto attack as on the Live Model, something like 50/65/80 Base damage per Attack, totaling to: 250/325/400 + 250% Total AD over the duration of the ultimate.   Basic things to look at:
1	Normal is not 'for learning.' As in, that isn't the purpose of normals. Many people take normals seriously. I frequently play with more than 2 but less than 5 friends, so normals is the only option. There is also a huge skill difference between each of us. Ranked isn't even a good option with just 2 of us. I play ranked alone, or with someone around my skill level(not super high but our range of players is from new 30 to 1500 wins). We also play ranked 5s.   That said, normals is a great place to learn. We play normals starting at level 1. IMO people should avoid bots except maybe the first 5 levels.   Ranked is a place for learning too. That is how you get better and progress. Maybe not a good place to first time play a champ, or play someone you are weak at, but learning is still the goal in ranked.   People are idiots. Ignore people flaming for not playing vs bots. Bots are not good for learning champs once you have been playing a while, and they are never as good as other players. This is especially true for landing things like cho's Q.
1	Well you get better by trying to understand why you lost and when you do change your game accordingly: also learn from your mistakes and try to look at what pros do and try to understand why they do the things they do also try working on your mechanical skills (helps alot to play champs with big outplay potential) so you can just win almost any lane match up. For the record bronze v doesnt really have very good mechanical players so you can 90% of the time win by just being mechanically better. And lastly try to look at builds pros do bronzes often build stupid items (dont know about you but i know afew of my friends do it often).
0	dude... hitting someone with a frisbee isn't socially awkward.  it's a common tactic.   Fixed it for you.  Learned this a little too late in my life - I was hanging out at an apartment pool with a friend, chilling, beating the heat.  Two hotties were there (who knew there were hotties in that crappy apartment building) getting a tan.  Then these two dudes came out and seemed to ignore them while walking over to the girls' end of the pool.  Still ignoring them, they walked to the side closest to the girls, then proceeded to cannonball into the pool.  After a few times, one of them just happens to notice them and says "oh, sorry, didn't mean to splash you" then did another more violent cannonball.  Shortly thereafter came the introduction, the conversation, and eventually the four of them heading back into the apartment together.
0	I feel awkward looking at this. I felt the opposite, and this turned out to be true. I thought I was only kinda cute (still feel that way) but it turns out that lots of guys liked me. And people think I'm rather attractive. -shrugs-
0	If they really wanted equality they wouldn't spend their entire life identifying themselves by their skin color. I mean yeah if you're applying for a job and the interviewer says "I'm sorry we don't hire darkies/beaners/peking ducks/etc," then I can understand being mad. It just pisses me off when people use racial discrimination as the excuse for not getting their way, or use it as a blanket argument for every indiscretion against them.   "Hate crime" is just another one of those discretionary powers that cops like to use to tack on extra charges. 90% of the hate crimes committed in America are just bullshit that gets thrown around because a white person did something to a non-white person. 9% are legitimate hate crimes that usually sink to the bottom of priority list or get settled with civility. Then you have the 1% of all hate crimes in America that may be legit, but get paraded around the media circuit so loudly and obsessively that they make the victims and the people advocating for them look like complete jackasses and end up similar to a Nancy Grace Christmas Suicide Special.
1	I think people are misunderstanding about the Traditional Skins. First, they are not the old skins. They were made similar to the old skins but NOT really the all ones (this means Riot spent their money to make them). Secondary, I think the Traditional Skins were made to sell to players, the diffirent look might be a reason, because new players in the future won't recognize them they will likely buy those traditional skin because of the diffirent looks (I'm looking at you Traditional Leesin).
0	The weapons were given to Iraq by the United States for use in the Iran-Iraq war, and Saddam used them on the Kurds who he believed would ally with the Iranians.
1	It's not worth worrying about. Someone got replaced, but because she has a vagina between her legs, all of the internet nerds / white knights wanna step up and be detectives and "figure it out". There's nothing to figure out. If she was a guy, no one would care and this wouldn't be on the front page.
1	You say that the support is supposed to be killed last. However, when the supports had to do all the warding, they would often get picked off while on a warding mission as a way to get the upper hand in a coming teamfight. This way, supports and other squishy champs can ward where it is safe and more tanky champs can do the dangerous warding.   Also, an assassin as support will always be a risky pick, because of their inate weakness in 2v2 lanes. An assassin usually goes in only when a kill is within sight. In a 1v1 lane, if you have control of the enemy jungler, there is noone but your target to stop the assassination. If you go in on a marksman with an oldschool support, you stand the risk of getting silenced, stunned, slowed or exhausted, which usually means the end of an assassin. If the support has a heal or a shield, your calculation of burst vs. targets remaining hp may also be completely wrong. In addition, you have few ways to save the marksman during ganks or other kill attemps. (
0	On my way to work today, major traffic, what would normally take me 10 minutes to get to work, took about half an hour (wasn't late though, hooray for leaving early) There was a guy who cut in front of someone who had quite a bit of space in front of him, but what the guy who cut in didn't know was the front cars brake lights were out, causing all 3 cars crash. Which just sucks for the other two, but the guy got what he deserved I'd say, as he had the most damage.
1	My gf and I started gaming together and it all started with Strip Tekken. Best of 3 rounds each K.O results in the loser to strip a piece of clothing.... we worked up to Counter strike, and things of that nature, I just started teaching her league, nothing better than seeing the missus' bare chest while also oogling Janna's :D
0	Speaking of Neil, I stumbled upon him during a conference in NY.  I was using the Urinal and he proceed to take the one right next to me.  I looked at him in shock thinking "Holy fucking shit balls! its Neil!" Except that I said that out loud and he cracked up laughing so hard he actually stumbled off his urinal and peed on me a little bit.
1	I'll have to disagree with you mate. Not a dlift fan or anything, but the "as long as dlift is in clg they'll keep losing" statement is wrong.   Dlift is a good player that can carry clg, the problem is not that he's on the roster but the way clg plays. For 4 seasons now CLG has been doing teh same thing over and over again - they keep bringing quite good players and instead of saying "ok we have a good top / jungle / mid / sup / adc, let's play this and that and try our hardest to win all lanes, for some reason they are sticking to "we have a dlift, no matter who else is on the team we're playing protect the doublelift, get doublelift fed and let him carry".   Seraph is a good toplaner, dexter is a good jungler and so on, in an environment where the toplaner is playing to win toplane and do his job in teamfights which is get on enemy carries / be a 2ndary initiator / distrupt enemy as much as possible, and the jungler tries to snowball mid top and bot so they can all win their respeective lanes + controll objectives. I'll give a crazy example here (note im not comparing the both just using it as example) - You can't bring Faker to another team and tell him "yo you should play a champ with shields and peel and your #1 priority is to get doublelift fed." No, it doesn't work like that. If you're trying to make one guy on the team look good by forcing everyone else to play uncomfortable picks or alter their playstyle so dlift can look good - it will never work. I'm sure if CLG would let link or seraph or dexter carry them they'll win much more games than when they try to support dlift. LoL is not /you know which other game/ there is no such bulshit like 1 carry and 4 supports on a team - forcing that shit in league leads to losses as everyone and their grandmother knows they should just camp the doublelift lane, get him behind and force clg to struggle mid-late game due their carry being underfed or afk farming some sidelane.
0	Shame doesn't help anyone lose weight.   It did for me. I was tired of being considered unattractive by my female peers, and lazy by my male peers. Not to mention that grade/high school are really tough places to be a fat kid, in general. I think the shame of it all is eventually what caused me to get my ass in shape.
0	It's like they aren't aware they smell like a middle school. The ads make it clear what demographic they're aiming for. Axe body spray smells of immaturity.   Also, if you shower after going to the gym, your sweat won't start to smell. Just use some deoderent if you're feeling insecure about B.O. not half a can of chemically eau'd teenageboy. Fresh sweat doesn't really have much of a scent, it's old sweat that does, so unless you're working out for hours on end, people probably won't notice. Covering up sweaty b.o. with body spray instead of just taking a shower and using some soap is super gross.   Add to that the apparent unawareness (and ladies do this too!) that you're not supposed to be able to smell perfume or cologne until you're very close to the other person. That's the point of it, so when you are getting your flirt on you smell nice in a subtle way. You're not supposed to be able to smell it two feet aware, or half way across the room. If I can smell somebody from across the room and my allergies flare, I'm 100% guaranteed not going to want to be anywhere near that person. It's super inconsiderate.   Throw in that some people have allergies which are triggered by strong chemical scents (eyes itching, throat/sinus pain/irritation, head ache, some combination of the above or other symptoms) it's just inconsiderate to wear that much body spray.   /rant
0	I understand the sentiment, but it's just misleading.  There is not some limited number of dollars and they were used up by this kid's wish - the only hard limit on dollars and productivity towards the world's solutions are our willingness to fix the world's problems.  On that scale, what they did for this boy and the subsequent coverage may have gone much further than several million dollars spent towards a cure.
0	I agree so much with your statement.   I was walking to the bus one day and was crossing a small intersection when this little pickup truck stopped right in the middle of his left turn. I thought he was going to ask me for directions or something, but he started rambling to me about this pizza place a few blocks away and that if I ever needed to take a date anywhere that it was a great place to do that, and it's never very busy because of the location, but I shouldn't get the pasta, just the pizza. I ended up having to just walk away because he wouldn't stop talking and I was going to be late for work. This experience really scared me because I hadn't really thought about the fact that people who were obviously mentally unstable would be able to get their driver's license. Or that the people doing the driving tests would overlook someones mental instability and allow them to have a license.
0	EVERYone turned clingy? I grew up working class/poor and I am not proud of this, but if this were true it would send me running. Struggle, and particularly the kind of struggle that you get from being on your own at 18 trying to afford food and an apartment makes for the kind of people I like later on. When I hear that someone lived at home for too long I am immediately suspicious...  as are most of the people that I know.
0	mental illness is a scary topic for a lot of people since they liek to think that people have a "soul" and it's what causes their personality but confronting mental illness requires people to admit that that's false, and to confront the fact that who we are, is governed by chemicals and weird shit going on inside our brains.
1	Call me an old fucking man (24) but I am fucking tired of hearing people complain about this, it is going to be addressed! The most successful people in any business will always find the most long-term cost-effective way to take care of an issue and grow their business.   Yes Riot could go out tomorrow to DC, buy a warehouse and set-up a data center with servers and get to work setting up the EC server. But you know what? That's fucking expensive and very short-sighted.   It is better to find a location with low overhead cost that has very few environmental risks and that meets all of their high standards. Then hire some people to manage the servers and probably set up redundancies etc. etc.   I could go on but honestly the fact of the matter is the core demographic for this game is loud and opinionated and probably has very little experience with how the majority of the gaming world works. Or they didn't grow up playing games that had patches once or twice a year and only got significant changes when they bought expansion packs.   Yes the status of the game right now sucks, I main ADC and can't cs for shit or consistently perform well in team fights because of insane packet loss and outrageous spikes. Riot sure as hell isn't ignoring this when a significant portion of their players are suffering.
1	Also a lot of fans in California are mad they moved it to Korea.   California is the home of LOL and it is tradition to have it here.   We (especially those of us who have attended all the championships) feel betrayed that our tradition is broken and that something created in our home is being taken away from us.
0	Well, I personally have given up on Reddit, I don't bother to try and make intelligent comments because they get downvoted and whoever replies to my posts is going to ignore any discussion I attempt to make.  For quite a while now I've just been making one liners and posting on small subs where actual discussion can take place.   I just read others' futile attempts at intelligent discourse and lose my appetite to bother typing out a long reply with sources just to get downvoted and sneered at.   /r/science is full of shit articles, /r/worldnews is the same two simplistic arguments over government and society a week, /r/politics is where the highschool and college aged kids go to be activists,  /r/truepolitics  /r/politicaldiscussion is where those-who-think-they-know-how-the-world-really-works go, bleh.   Too many people that want to just make jokes while pretending to be open minded.  If I want to have a discussion about politics or technology or economics or anything, I'll go talk to a friend.  At least real life interactions require, minimally, an iota of intellectual accountability.  Reddit is for jokes, spreading over-sensationalized news, participating in mock activism and circlejerking.   With that said;
0	Last but not least and all that. When we both get home from work, we carpool, I walk the dog and play some fetch with her while the wife calms down after her day, then I pack us both a bowl and grab my laptop, I set up in the living room to smoke with her while I play WoW and she hits Hearthstone on her iPad, then later in the evening we turn off the games and watch TV or do some other activity together.
1	in my opinion; The thing about Zed and specially his Ult is that its very gimmicky, like he needs to be in a certain situation or "setup" if you would like. where he is so dependent on so few things to make him strong. the prime example of that is your
1	Champions people would like to see a victorious skin for (Janna and Elise not included):     Anivia   Annie   Akali   Ahri   Ashe   Caitlyn   Diana   Cassiopeia   Evelynn   Ezreal   Fiora   Irelia   Jinx   Karma   Katarina   Kyle   LeBlanc   Leona   Lissandra   Lulu   Lux   MF   Nami   Nidalee   Orianna   Poppy   Quinn   Riven   Sejuani   Shyvana   Sivir   Sona   Soraka   Syndra   Tristana   Vayne   Zyra     Champions with giant goddamn goblin ears:     Morgana   Evelynn   ...Soraka?
0	Not OP of original, but i'm really good friends with this girl in the photo IN FACT i have been on one of her random travels she likes to do. When i met her I made fun of how rich she was since she got to travel all over the world all the time... Then I saw she lived in a semi-buttshit part of town (We live in scottsdale, so her middle-class home is like buttshit here) It's how you prioritize your spending, and she probably found a free ticket for this or something. She was always a little traveler, so her parents supported this, her brother does not do as much traveling as her at all, but she gets around quite a bit.
1	Wow really liked it, would watch if u make a "
1	I don't think people are getting the point... Making a LCS for women is in no way saying women are inferior to men in a mental sense, or in any sense at all. All a WLCS would do is encourage more girls to try to play competitively and get more into the game. Because let's face it, although there are girls out there like the sirens who are hard core gamers just as much as many guys, there are also a lot of girls who think competitive gaming/gaming in general is a guy thing and they don't even bother to explore it. A WLCS could possibly show that a community of competitive girls actually does exist and would also make a scene where girls have incentive to move into gaming houses and start regular practice schedules which would create more opportunities for girl players to play for LCS teams.
0	After a soccer match I teamed up with some random guys to go for a night of heavy drinking. After a couple of hours in a crowded karaoke bar, I found myself talking to some guy, who seemed fine enough. Until he suddenly stood up and made the Nazi Salute right beside me facing the whole bar.
0	There's an organization called "Jews for Jesus" that is made up of Christian Jews. And really, if you're going to follow Christianity you actually should be Jewish. The rules of the old testament are for Jews, not for Gentiles. So, you can either half-ass it and just follow the New Testament or decide to also follow a bunch of rules that don't apply to you by leading a Jewish lifestyle along with following Jesus. Either way is an odd way to practice Christianity.
1	Sry for bad englando, pls don't copperino pastarino.   Now to your topic. What helped me getting along with flaming teammates, is to simply ignore them. If their verbal abuse feels disruptive to your gameplay then don't bother ignoring them. That's why Riot implemented that nice little button when you press Tab. There's a reason why people say: "Don't feed the troll." If you even show the slightest bit of reaction to their misbehaviour, they will shitstorm the hell out of you. It's exactly what they want. They want you to give them anything they can use as a reason to flame. They want/need the attention. So even by telling them sto be quiet in a polite way, you show them that their flame actually bothers you. And that encourages them to continue on and on.   Hope that helped a bit.
0	As a police officer, I 100% agree with all that you said. I wish more people understand the information you wrote here. It is complaints that drop not brutality to say. Because the jerk officers who are gonna be brutal and break the rules are gonna do it anyway (they are a very small % you just see all those stories in the news because officers saving lives by risking their own is not news but an officer going beyond use of force regulations is national news) So the camera's just give us the evidence we need when they do break the rules to fire them ASAP instead of going through the entire process which takes a long long time.   Understand that every time we arrest anyone for anything no matter how small or big (drug dealer, gang member, drunk, armed robber, etc) they complain we brutalized them or did something against their rights and then your tax dollars get wasted in the investigation which 99% ends up being completely BS and unfounded. If we had cameras than  we just show the ADA the tape and that complaint gets trashed in the first min of the case review.   However as you have also correctly said here it will also get those POS officers, who actually are abusing their powers, fired ASAP and off the streets. Nothing is worse for law enforcement than these morons who should have never been hired in the first place. It undermines good officers abilities to actually help people and wastes your tax dollars every time they do something insane and/or moronic.
0	Well if you're able to plan it out, severing the brain stem or destroying the cerebellum quickly means you won't feel anything even if you don't immediately clock out. Also means your lungs stop and you get a noticeable chemical rush in the few remaining seconds of consciousness.
1	I think there are a bunch of differences between elos that people who say elo hello doesn't exist don't account for. Obviously a 2100 elo player has more mechanical skill then your 900 elo pub (and this is true ever more subtley with decreasing elo differences) but at some point it's not /all/ about mechanical skill.  At 1400 elo people trust their teammates, obviously there pubs and bads and stupid calls, but by and large you can find someone on your team to communicate with and trust. The two of you can make plays together, as such team comp starts to matter, you make plays as a team (and so does your enemy) and so the synergies of an aoe comp or poke comp /start/ to become relevant. While there may still be a mechanical difference between a 1900 elo plyer and 1600 elo player, I contend that is not /the/ determinant factor over your ability to win and lose. 1900 elo players have their own play style, this play style is much more co-dependent then that of 1100 elo scrubs like myself or even 1600 elo players. People just think on their feet better and fulfill their roles more aptly. People now that they can't win teamfights single handedly as nautilus, and so instead of just jumping their adc, stays around peels for his own.
1	This is kind of an older post, but I figure it couldn't hurt you to throw in my 2 cents as well.   Here's a Nasus guide that GREATLY helped my play with him:   You may have already read it, but if not, give it a close read. It's highly rated, goes far in-depth with everything from playstyle, to items, to runes, and there's even a video or two.   Most anything else I would say is going to be covered by the guide, and you obviously have the hang of how Nasus works in so I'll just mention one thing: Know when to pop your ult. This comes with practice and even then it can be hard to gauge. But specifically, in a teamfight, I've found that it helps to avoid popping it too early. Your ult makes you the enemy's immediate focus and although you're pretty tanky, you can still go down quickly, even with the ult. I've found that a normal Nasus is able to fly under the radar since most players aren't afraid of a normal Nasus (I know it may sound silly, but it's true - it's all about player psychology).   What I do is wait for the fight to get into full swing and wait for lots of CC and spells to get thrown around (It's during this part that you throw down your first Wither and Spirit Fire). I find (and you may too) that I often get hard CC'ed at the opening of a fight, but that's ok because I/you/we roll with cleanse as we should. Anyway, as the initial clash is ending, then I pop my ult and make them shit bricks when they realize they have no spells left to handle a giant, sandstorming, rabid Egyptian canine fresh out of hell. At this point, they'll either (stupidly) try and outlast me and my team, or scatter to avoid taking damage. Most times, it's the latter situation. In that case I pop ghost, throw down another Wither on their DPS, and Spirit Fire as many people as I can. All the while I'm Siphon Striking/meleeing the shit out of everything at hand, obviously.   Just know that I'm assuming you have a competent team who will follow up (i.e. friends/Redditors).
0	Sorry if I'm treading on your dreams here, but working from home and looking after a kid are fairly mutually exclusive, unless you plan to work in the 2-3 hours of child nap time and get almost nothing done in the rest of the day.  It's not so much that they scream and cry and shit their pants, which they do (a lot), it's that you're constantly interrupting your flow in order to check that they're not eating some small deadly object they found, or pulling something breakable off its shelf onto the floor, or attempting to strangle themselves with an electric cord, or  how the hell did you climb up on there you're not supposed to be there oh god will you fall off before I can sprint over there to grab you .  Babies are a little easier because they stay where you put them, but they still need a lot of attention - and the stress of not knowing what it is crying for is harder to cope with.  The idea that you'll just sit at the computer working and the child will safely entertain itself for more than 10 minutes at a time is not realistic.
0	When my youngest was starting kindergarten there was another kindergartener on his school bus who was a spitter. Every day my son would tell me how Zack had spit on him again and the bus driver never sees it so she wont do anything. Now my son is a tough but well mannered kid, always polite but plays basketball and soccer with kids who are 2-3 years older than him in our neighborhood so he could easily deal with the kid but was afraid to get in trouble. I told him that the next time it happens you need to punch him really hard in the throat, but only do it once. If you get in trouble don't lie about what you did, just explain that he spit on you several times before and no one ever does anything to stop him.   He never spit on him again, and my son earned the respect of everyone in his grade and on his bus. Third grade now, never been bullied never been in a fight, and one of the kindest and most popular kids in his school.
1	Argh, I had a reply typed up but it didn't go through.   Let's take your example. Except, now you have 100 health and are being attacked for exactly 100 physical damage.     1000 gold = 50% reduction = 50 damage taken = 2 hits   2000 gold = 66% reduction = 33 damage taken = 3 hits    3000 gold = 75% reduction = 25 damage taken = 4 hits     Hm. For every 100 armor, you gain one extra hit to be taken. This will continue up for however much armor you can possibly attain. However, let's take these numbers and turn them around a bit.   We notice that armor has some effect on durability. Durability has a few different variables, though in this example, only HP and Armor. Let's connect these two terms.   Armor and HP are connected by a term called Effective Health Points. EHP is a way to say that the armor is affecting our own HP rather than the opponent's damage, with the same effect in the end. It is expressed by this formula:     EHP = HP   ( 1 + (Armor   0.01))     Using our numbers, we get that with 100 armor, our EHP is 200. Taking 100 damage hits against 200 HP is essentially the same as taking 50 damage hits at 100 HP. Now, checking for higher numbers, we get that 200 armor is 300 EHP, and 300 armor is 400 EHP. Using the unmitigated 100 damage hit, it takes exactly the same amount of hits to kill you as if you calculated the armor to reduce their damage.   As you can see, there is no diminishing return on the increase of EHP. Every point of armor will increase your EHP by 1%, and MR works exactly the same. While the % reduction on the stat page looks like the value of armor is diminishing, that's simply due to the way they calculate armor, applying it to the enemies' damage, but this calculation has no effect on the value.   You can also see this through the hits taken. 100 Armor = 100% Increased EHP = 100% Increased hits taken in all cases. So, 100 armor effectively double the amount of hits you can take. 200 armor effectively triples the amount of hits you can take.   Sorry that this is long. I had a concise version typed out but then I lost it and forgot what I said to make it so concise so I went the longer route and explained it fully.
1	All you have to do is not look at your team or enemy team when soloqueing. Just look at what you're doing, you can always do something better.   Blame everything to yourself and look for mistakes that you do everygame or all the time. When you notice your own mistakes, you can improve yourself and you'll be better as a player.   It's all about the mindest, don't play the game to win/gain elo. Play to improve.   In Short,
0	Before I was born) My mom and my older brother (maybe 4 at the time) were at the laundry mat and my brother went up to a black guy and hugged him calling him Daddy. My mom had to explain that that wasn't his father (who lived with them but was gone often because he was in the army at the time) and that his dad wasn't black. Our dad is mexican (as well as my mom).
1	You can set it as primary.... Right click on your homescreen, go to screen resolution, click on the other monitor and check the box that says, "This is my main display." IF that doesn't work. Shut down your computer and unplug both VGA or DVI connectors from the back of your PC. Plug the second one that you want to play League on in first which will make it your primary monitor.
0	Hmm on reddit you find picture somewhere, submit it to reddit to share what you thought was funny.   How is that ANY different than someone finding a picture (that happened to be found on reddit)  and posting it to their facebook to share with others? Not everyone looks at reddit so it spreads the content around.
1	Yeah, customs are so weird. They need to set it to just drop in drop out. It's a custom game, it means nothing. If you want to leave a game in progress, even if it is a full 5v5 you shouldn't be punished. That's why it is custom and not normals/ranked.   I have had so many times where I want to practice a jungle route, or just practice cs with a friend and we have such a hard time actually fully getting out of a custom game. It almost always says "A game you left is still in progress". Uh. No it's not, I left, leave me alone custom games.
0	Don't need to be a dick man.
0	Completely relevant:  as a kid I misunderstood the transformers theme song, and instead of "more than meets the eye" I thought it was someone's name: "Mordan Meetsdeei". I was way too old when I learned the truth, after years trying to figure out who Mordan was on the show.
1	i guess we'll see" - travis 2014.... can we get someone without all of this camera anxiety. None of the interviewers are comfortable to listen to. You want LoL (and eSports) to be a real sport? Look and sound the part.
1	Your ISP can do DNS caching too, and regardless of the type of connection, having a DNS client on your PC prevents your computer from having to wait 20-40 ms with each request (which there are typically 20-30 of for each webpage)
0	One time I was in an elevator with my dog and my black neighbor in a black neighborhood (Hartford,CT) said "why is your dog staring at me? Is he racist?"   I have to admit, I was pissed and shocked. First of all, you're my neighbor my dog sees dozens of black people every day.   Next, how is a dog actually racist?   My blood still boils that a woman called Moxie racist.
1	Hmm maybe you should mute him and grow up? Casting a blanket statement over an entire league because you got a toxic player, c'mon son. I assume you're a low silver player and don't believe you belong there?   There is just so much wrong with your post I don't even know where to begin. Riot didn't make League of Legends with the intentions of every player being Master tier. Bronze isn't a stepping stone to Silver, it's a place below silver where players that are  slightly  less skilled get placed. I could go on all night, but it's not really worth my time.
1	but Anivia, Ahri and Cass all have low cooldown spells, Morg is amazing if you hit that binding and can get a perfect ult, but if that binding misses you are standing around for 5 sec not able to do anything huge (other then shield your carry) while Cass can CONSTANTLY spam spells and do damage plus an Instant stun/slow, Anivia can change the map zone huge areas with her ult and has a point and click nuke every 2 sec, ahri is almost in the same as morg as in if she misses her charm there goes CC but she can still just jump in to a team and do tons of damage then jump out. Morg is an awesome mid, She farms so well and Cant really be countered but she is a high risk high reward type of teamfighter.
0	They told us growing up we could anything we wanted, an astronaut and President were their favorite examples. I'm 6'5 and foreign, so I can be neither.
1	As a main adc (but i support sometimes) I would say that often I believe supports are the ones who get recognition and the least blame when the game is going bad.  I rarely get mad at my support and it is only when supports are playing really bad by not warding or just positioning really really bad.   Most of the time though when team fights go wrong ADCs and AP mids are blamed. supports often ask- why you focusing tanks?? or why were you farming and not in teamfights? ADCs rarely get the benefit of the doubt when it seems they were focusing the rong people. Whenever they lose out in the laning phase its, GG WP ADC sucks. Really rarely do i get a support who gives me the benefit of the doubt. What supports do things like criticise their adc it just makes them play worst.
1	calling people out on their mistakes   "Pookrat (0:21): ive never seen such colossal retardation"   "Pookrat [All] (12:15): im sure your cait said 0 words Pookrat [All] (12:21): since her rune page is in some asian language"   "Pookrat (13:22): who carried you to diamond you piece of  **  Pookrat (13:27): did you buy that account?"   "Pookrat (14:50): fucking piece of shit rengar"   "Pookrat (16:58): fucking afk piece of shit"   "Pookrat (20:22): i really hope something bad happens to you irl"   "Pookrat [All] (32:01): aatrox is a piece of  **  champ   Pookrat (47:04): you  ** ing suck malphite"   None of the above comments should ever be considered acceptable. They are in no way constructive or helpful towards the people they're directed at.
1	Yea I will write a summary of it so people can decide if they want to read it or not, of course it won't be a full
0	Its difficult to not feel superior given that America literally feeds every other country and that they would all die without us.]( While the rest of the world starves, we have so much plenty that our biggest problem is overeating. [Take a look at the Olympic medal count, take a look at which country made your computer, which country won the most Nobel prizes, which country has the most top 10 universities, which country saved the world in WWII]( list goes on and on.   [America is exceptional, its the country that is by far the apex of civilization.]( We are so much better than the rest of the world that its just insane, it really makes us appear like God chose us to be this beacon of light that the rest of the world strives to be like. That's why they all eat our McDonalds, wear our jeans, listen to our music, watch our movies and sports, buy our Apple devices and hate on America on the Internet we created and allowed them to use.   America is the greatest country in the world because it has the highest GDP, the most powerful army of all time, dominated the Olympics, science, technology and has the most millionaires. America will be remembered 2000 years from now as a modern Rome that took humanity to the next stage by opening up the space above us, we will be the first to land of Mars after we were the first to land on the moon and we will be the first to create a colony on another planet. When we won WWII, we were given the reigns to this planet and we have since then created the most peaceful and prosperous 50 years in the history of the world. [The rest of the world hates us because of our greatness and how we make them feel inferior by towering over them.](   America has achieved more in the last 100 years than the rest of the world combined and has advanced humanity more than any other civilization. The sheer power, influence, dominance and advancement is staggering. [It makes us feel so powerful, its like you have the biggest dick in the world]( and the rest of the world is jealous of you swinging it.   [This country bleeds greatness through and through and its alright to feel blessed to be one of the people lucky enough to be born in the greatest country of all time.]( Your dick now feels huge.
0	I'd direct anyone reading this to the [Irlen wikipedia page]( No scientific research has ever been conducted that proves that:     Irlen syndrome exists       Irlen filters help (people with dyslexia).          It was demoed on TV and then commercialised almost immediately. It reached "fad" status in the 1980s and people were still practising it in the early to mid 1990s. It has regained popularity recently with the Irlen company claiming it helps with ADD and ADHD.   No doubt this will upset someone who "has" the condition, however I'd just redirect you to the research (or lack of) and the fact that after the fad had ended few credible schools still use Irlen filters and even 30+ years later nothing credible has come of any of it.   It only works for "some" dyslexics because it is a placebo. It works because they believe it works. Some research has suggested that it coincidentally helped with unrelated eye disorders that were undiagnosed, and that treating these disorders removes Irlen's claimed benefit in those very few (
0	Wow.... other people really started arguing stupid shit with you about this for almost no reason.....   Not saying what Germany did in rebuilding was anything less than stellar, but one key difference was that the structure was already set up for Germany. For decades, Germany had been a manufacturing powerhouse. The Saarland and Rhineland were ridiculously rich sources of coal and iron (if I recall correctly). The Germans industrialized more or less at the same pace as the rest of the world. Even though entire cities were leveled in WWII, there was something Germany had that they couldn't get rid of: an industrial system. Germany had figured out, within their country, how to run everything (ridiculously well I might add). Sure, factories were leveled, but the system that ran the factory survived, the basic ideas of "get coal from here, iron from here, put them in a warehouse here, at x time. Take them from this warehouse at x time, deliver them to x location, process everything, create steel, sell steel to business x, y, and z" continued. People who where college educated in STEM and economic fields and people who had been machinists for 20-30 years were still there, and when they got money to do it, they were able to rebuild and get right back at it. Sure, rebuilding factories sucks, but once you're done with that, you actually end up better due to now being able to implement your system with more efficient, more modern equipment. As difficult as it is to rebuild infrastructure, building a whole new system is far worse.   Africa, on the other hand, doesn't have this system. They are lagging far behind the rest of the world in industrialization, and are basically stuck with menial jobs for little pay mining raw materials and shipping them overseas. You could build all the factories you wanted in Uganda, they would take forever to get a system set up. Very few college educated people there, very sparse population.
1	Hardest snowball champion I have come across for lane dominance or just 1v5 potential is among the carry section.  Fiora  has too many counters to be worth the mention of a 'pick all the time' champion, put her against a champion such as Gangplank and just enjoy the penta kills...   Also there is no mention of  Skarner ... Has everyone forgotten those times end 2011 where Skarner could just be the only guy in your base, and he would be the only guy needed in your base to win a game.   Of course you have your more easy to be incredibly hard to deal with champions.  Poppy and Hecarim  (Yes that ghost pony...) are possibly one of the most terrifying champions to feed. Poppy just kills your AD carry before you can kill her team. Hecarim on the other hand has the mechanics of being a 'run you down' champion like Warwick. Just he has so much more AoE damage than him. 450 movespeed pony that does 500 damage per second and heals 200 health per second chasing you? Yeah didn't think so...
0	when i walked in my bedroom home early from work. one black guy had a fist in her cunt, the other had his dick shoved so far down her throat that I saw it in her throat.   That's when I was like, this probably isn't going to work.
0	That shit is...useless.   I see this sentiment a lot, but it's really untrue. Chit chat should be where you try to make inroads into various conversation topics. Someone asks about the weather and you comment on an outdoor activity you had planned or a book you were forced to start inside to read or something.   Of course, all this is useless if the only thing you ever do is try to harvest karma from memes or something equally uninteresting. For some reason grandma doesn't seem to understand that your tragically unlucky friend Bryan isn't real.
0	Its a life choice growing in popularity with the younger generations.  With rising consumer prices, overpopulation, stagnant wages, and increasingly demanding work, it's arguably the better choice in a lot of people's lives.  This isn't grandpap's era anymore.  There is no more supporting a family on a single wage-earner.  The ability to buy a house and car fresh out of high school is nothing but a pipe dream anymore.   Today's 20-somethings are laden with student loan debt, living with their parents, and either unemployed or underemployed.  Children are a hard sell to make to this generation.  How can you recommend dedicating time and resources to a generation that has very little to spare?  Kids are living with Mom and Dad until they're 25, getting married at 30, and buying their first home at 35.  How do you tell those that have barely begun their lives that they're out of time and to make room for the next generation?
1	The biggest resource management when jungling is TIME. A jungler has to balance time on his jungle and realise the time the enemy jungler has spent. Understanding this concept is what has really helped me in the jungle. As for your examples, when the golems kill you, you have spent lots of time at the golems so to get back on track make sure you take time from ganking to keep farming to get back on track. When warwick steals your red buff, understand the time constraints on him, he can't do three buffs as fast as you do one buff, so it's possible to steal a buf from him. Some other tricks is when a jungler allocates time to ganking. When a jungler ganks, successful or not he has used up an amount of time that can't be replaced in the jungle, so you now have more time than him to jungle so you can feel free to take his buffs when you see him on the map or do dragon when you see him ganking top.   In regards to the difference between lane and jungling: when laning there is always a certain number of resources at X minute; however, in jungling there is a dynamic option when it goes to determining the number of resources. You could spend 25 minutes in the jungle, farming creeps - securing the easiest resource, or you can gank and attempt to secure harder and more rewarding resources. This is why when laners come out to jungle they make common mistakes of not recognizing when to gank and when not to gank. There are times when you CAN wait 30 seconds in the bush and times when you shouldn't even wait 5 seconds.   If you pay attention to how OddOne plays, he will spend minutes hovering around mid at times waiting for the perfect gank because he knows the game will snowball to victory if he gets the gank and the number of resources in the jungle isn't worth it to farm and miss that oportunity. However, sometimes when he's behind he won't even gank and just farm the jungle non-stop because it's an easier to secure resource.
0	Absolutely. But only if you link to a screenshot of me giving you permission in the comments. After that is done, we then have to go to the founder, /r/Lighetto , and post a screenshot of him giving permission to let me give you permission in the comments.
0	This has been bugging me for years now, and it's relevant, so here goes:   I used to work at a call center and had a cute female coworker who was friendly and gregarious. I was rather insecure at the time, and talking to her, while nice, made me feel surprisingly shy. So much so that I often avoided eye contact, or even looking at her face for too long. Instead, I'd kind of visually zone out, look at nothing in particular, stare at the floor, all the "beta" crap. Despite this, I looked forward to (not) seeing her every day.   One day, she started talking to me and I just couldn't make eye contact. Mid-sentence, she interrupted whatever she was saying and laughingly remarks, "My eyes are up here, (prince_charming)!"  I knew it's impolite not to look someone in the eye when conversing with them, so I figured she was just reminding me of my manners. I looked up, stammered an apology, muttered a lame excuse about being tired (it was the overnight shift), and finished our brief conversation.   Only later, when I had time to reflect on that exchange, did I realize that in my visual zoning out, my eyes were pointed at her chest. To be honest, until that point, I hadn't even consciously realized that she was particularly well-endowed; she was very cute, overall, sweet and friendly, and I found her elfin eyes and smile to be very charming, but if you had asked me to describe her, the only thing I would have said about her body was that she was kinda short.   I wanted to find her and explain that I wasn't ogling her, but how would that conversation have gone? "Oh, by the way, I wasn't staring at your breasts earlier! --Not that they aren't nice, and not that I don't  like  breasts, cause I do, but I would  never  ogle a woman, 'cause that's disrespectful, and I kinda like you, but I'm not in a solid enough place emotionally to do anything about that, which is why I act so timid around you, but in truth, our brief conversations are the highlight of my day, and I just wanted to thank you for going out of your way to be friendly to me." So I just felt more awkward, instead, and we didn't talk much after that.
0	Never fucked up like that. Still that just made me think of this one. I find it kinda funny.   I had a man come into our store and he didn't speak English. Nobody in our store speaks Spanish either. Me being helpful tried to help him find what he needed.   Now at first I thought this gentalman was looking for coco butter. Long story shot, I was wrong and he was looking for plan B. We have it, just like right out on the store floor. I don't think you even have to be over 18 to buy if. After I figured out what he wanted an took him to it he was really, really fucking happy and gave me a massive high five.   So there I am, in the store giving someone a high five right in front of some day after pills. Just like fuck yah man! You're not gonna have a kid! It just felt so dirty and wrong.
1	Seating: If you are near the front of the line you are seated in the front row (they seat you) and they move to the second row once first row is full (and continues). The chairs are super close together so if someone is like 20lbs over weight; you will be squished together with them (only bad part about the experience, also the chairs are uncomfortable.)   Yes you do get to meet the pros (take pictures; get autographs) if they decide to come down to the live floor. You can also buy some neat shirts/posters and the such. Also if you can catch, every time after a game you get a chance at having a poro thrown your way. It's not really something I'd do alone though.
0	It doesn't say to assume they're all idiots; just that you shouldn't trust other drivers. You can communicate and look for their signals, just as you were taught. However, there are too many accidents because people trust other drivers to be 100% consistent with what they're doing. Back off a bit from the car ahead of you, make sure you know for sure that the car next to you is out of the way, don't wait until the last second to start slowing down, etc, etc, etc. We're all human, and even though we're able to communicate while driving, there are many who don't. At the same time, we're plenty prone to making mistakes while behind the wheel, and having distractions like passengers, things on the road, advertisements, other cars (sometimes), the radio, and even a phone can only make the chances of messing up that much worse. Plus, I've never seen anybody drive perfectly. Every time I ride with friends, the driver always has their little quirks behind the wheel, and I tend to have a few of my own. It's all on who has control of the car, and you can never tell who does what. It's fine to communicate and assume that the drivers know what they're doing, but it's just a matter of being aware that a single, little mistake can lead to something much worse. You never know, that shiny new truck in front of you might have somebody texting behind the wheel. If you're trusting that person to drive right, then you'll only end up caught up in that wreck.   Yeah, it's a lot of "if" stuff here, but when it comes to driving, I think that better safe than sorry is a  nice way of looking at it. Driving isn't a perilous experience, full of flaming engines and flying car parts, but that  one time  that something goes wrong, the drivers are always left with that sense of, "if only I'd done X differently."
0	The moment you open your drink, you depressurize the bottle, and the CO2 escapes the solution as u/dhg points because there is less pressure inside the bottle to keep it there. You would need the kind of machine they use in the bottling factories to pressurize it again.
1	i know this will be buried but i have games like that all the time in normals (i know you dont believe me) but im in a community that has made me able to lose 8 games in a row and admit my mistakes and still go for one more game
0	My roommate has a twin-sized bed. I have a futon that folds out and makes a full-sized bed. It's not terribly uncomfortable, I used to sleep on it all the time before I got my queen-sized memory foam bed. My roommate also has a girlfriend who has a king-sized bed in her apartment. He was "planning on buying a bigger bed", but asked if he could sleep on the futon when she stays over, "twice a week tops". It turned into 4-6 times a week. It's a 4 year old futon that has gotten a lot of use(it was my couch as well as bed for two years), so the hinges were starting to go bad. It got to the point where it doesn't fold to the steepest angle. She started putting a notecard over the clock on the cable box because "it keeps <her> awake", and would never take it off. She doesn't knock, she just jiggles the doorknob until my roommate opens it, then bitches about the door being locked. That pissed me off.   What pissed me off more was that she started getting pissed when our other roommate and I would wake her up. Originally, she would only get a little pissy about us coming in drunk. Then one morning she got pissed because I was cooking breakfast at 9AM when she "got to sleep in". The thing that set me over the edge was when I came back to MY apartment from a long night at the bars, turned on the kitchen light that I pay for, grabbed a few chicken patties out of MY freezer and put them in the microwave that I pay for and started eating them off of MY plate. She sat up and said "do you mind? We're trying to sleep." I looked at her and said "Do you mind? I'm trying to enjoy MY living room, and I find that hard to do when YOU are sleeping on MY fucking futon 5 nights a week. Start paying some fucking rent or don't sleep here a majority of the week."   My roommate asked me if I had an issue with them staying over all the time, and I said I did, because my futon is obviously not doing well from them flattening it and putting it back into place, she's doing laundry at our place because she doesn't want to pay a one-time $25 fee to turn on the washer/dryer at her place. She comes over that night while I'm cooking and starts bitching at me. My roommate tells her to stop, and then says to put her overnight bag in his room, and tells her that they're sleeping in his bed. She starts sobbing saying how "I can't sleep in a bed that small" until my roommate says "you did it all last year, deal with it", and she stormed out. They broke up. He's cool as shit, but she's insane. I'm far more likely to put up with an unstable girl if she's hot, and I wouldn't date Emma Stone if she were this crazy. She called my roommate because she found a stray cat before leaving home, and started sobbing when he told her to think about bringing it back because an animal is a commitment. Wow, this got venty.
1	You should always try to secure team objectives like killing dragon/baron, pushing towers, stealing jungle buffs etc given that you are farmed up and you have clear advantage over enemy bot lane. If there is no team objectives and too early for baron you can always try to push for second tower warding blue golem bush when you are blue side and red bush when you are purple side. It puts high pressure on enemy team's jungler and mid lane and even you don't get tower this will allow your jungler to do his stuff while their jungler will be pressured to gank bot lane. Also if your ad carry can 1vs1 enemy ad carry or can farm against two without dying you can always try roaming and ganking other lanes while ad carry farms/pushes bot. In a similar way you can push creeps hard when their first tower down and roam together but it usually ends up with stalemates at mid tower unless you have good divers.
1	I just watched you play Kennen top and Esrael mid. What I did enjoy was your mechanical skills in fights. But what I did not enjoy is that most of your talking mostly venting your frustrations of what happens in the game. Ryze ganked your Kennen top and killed you. You go "#"%"&&"#". I go "he just went shopping and did not buy a ward...". Later your minions push to the top tower and go beyond it to farm  creeps. I go "How can he dare to do that when their team is missing and there is no vision at all?" Their entire team show up and kill you. And you go "%$#$%##%". Maybe you had good reasons to play like this or maybe it was just bad play? Hard to tell when your commentary is just random whining any player could provide.   Since you crushed the lane anyways you won the game, but to me these games sort of just conveyed the feeling "I play on my smurf so my mechanical skills is good enough to compensate I do not play that seriously". I saw zero team play in these games (maybe not your fault) and this is what I want to see. I once watch Saintvicious play a smurf with a crappy team and he started calling out every action of the team because he was carrying. Suddenly as a team they started to win every fight and finally won a long game which early on looked hopeless. That is the kind of stuff I would like to see.
1	Hello Sky!   I've been a huge fan of your work and I think you have a very good point about ocelote's supposed "God Complex".   I think he has trouble expressing his thoughts as clearly as he would like as Spanish is his native language.   With the gap between what he's thinking and what he is saying, I think there are many things which could be misunderstood.   From my perspective, I think ocelote was trying to say that he is a positive person. And he constantly projects positivity. He isn't trying to say he makes everyone better simply with his presence, but he projects good vibes which in turn leads to people feeling better.   He may have mispoke when he said "everyone who interacts with me is better", but I think he touched on the point where he when he was discussing his interactions with you.   You're both happy people and you both exude positivity. It's HARD to feel bad around you guys even if we may hate you. It's really hard to be a downer when someone is being a floaty cloud of happiness and rainbows.   I'm firmly in the ocelote is wrong camp and ought to try to make amends for this, but I think LS is to blame for this as well.   I think the best way to TRULY resolve this situation is to get ocelote and Nick (LS) to just talk it out. ocelote would preferable have a translator to get his entire point across without any miscommunication.   This situation is bad for all parties involved. ocelote gets bad PR for not paying LS. LS looks like a spiteful victim out for revenge.   I'm glad that you have entered the fold, but I think you really need to be the levelheaded one in this situation. It's a mutually destructive relationship at this point and there's no benefit for either party to sustain it.   I speak conversation Spanish and fluent English so I understand some of the problems that ocelote is going through. It's really hard to find the exact word which you are looking for in your secondary/tertiary language and you have to settle with the vocabulary that you know best.   I would offer to help out with interpreting/expounding on ocelote's thoughts in some private conversations, but I would strongly suggest someone who is fluent in both languages to be present if ocelote and LS DO talk.     (On another note)   I heard one of the points you made that reddit did a 180 on you and went from loving you to hating you. I still enjoy your content and I've been watching most if not all of your Smash content. (I remember seeing you in the Smash documentary a few times in the background ;D)   The problem some people had was that you were very "in-your-face" with your sexuality. People felt like everytime they opened up one of your videos it would be about how "Black and Gay" you were. To some extent that was true. A large part of your focus (in the first videos) WAS on these two distinguishing traits; however, you quickly moved on to branching out your comedy. (5 Things I hate about ..., Music Videos, Collabs, etc)   You branched out really quickly and it really showed. It's hard to replicate the sort of success you get from a major hit. (See Psy and Gangnam Style, What does the Fox Say) The one-hit wonder phenomenon is prevalent because you keep trying to top your previous hits.   You need to just do what you love doing and eventually you will exceed your limits that way. You have to do it organically rather than forcing it through.   I love what you do and I've watched a ton of stand-up, comedy shows, etc. Sometimes things just don't work and you need to focus on something you really love. Branching out too much risks overextending yourself and burnout.   Your schedule is pretty rigorous and you seem to be under a lot of pressure to "provide" content and continue your lifestyle.   I would just suggest taking a step back and asking yourself "Why did I want to become a content creator?". What made you love doing this? What did you hope to accomplish? Zero in on the one thing you can't compromise on whether it be comedy, happiness, or helping others and master that.   Once you've found something you can do consistently, then move out of your comfort zone.   Even if you don't read all of this or even part of this I hope that the thought gets through to you. You've been a great influence on this community and I hope that you can improve and become even better. You told ocelote to not forget how he came to be famous and not to forget his roots. You should do the same. Don't forget WHY you came here and why you wanted to do this to begin with.   Many other League Youtubers have had the same problem. Blakinola, Instalok, and some extent SivHD have suffered from the same "backlash/criticism" that you suffered albeit in a different manner.   Blakinola and Instalok have been criticized for doing the same exact thing every video. Instalok is a music parody group and that's essentially what they're supposed to do. Blakinola was always the "other black guy" aside from you and didn't really have a major popular series until
0	I'm a 16 year old who's always made good grades, and has always been heavily invested in their own education (Reading and writing outside of class, even back in middle school).  I've had bad teachers.  I've had good teachers.  The good teachers never called me a "little shit" but I digress.  But I have always found I put a similar amount of effort that my teacher does.  If my teacher respects me and treats me how I deserve to be treated (look at me, being entitled now, deserving things), then I will work harder.  But if my teacher is an entitled little shit, I'm liable to be an entitled little shit right back.
0	I completely fail to see how forcing dumb fuck binder checks furthers your education...   I mean sure if that helps you remember things then do so yourself.   I will be using the saved hours actually LEARNING shit instead of meddling in bull shit papers and notes I've already been tested on.
1	How do you explain that some reruns of LOL, or even some players streaming solo Queue gather more viewers?   So following your statistics if a game has like only 5000 people playing and 2500 watch the tournaments than that game is the most popular.   You take into consideration the viewers by players of a game, but thats not how games compete. They do not solo compete within themselves to get their own players to watch their tournaments. The stats we must be looking at is the universe of videogame players, how many came from  SC to LOL, and how many people went to LoL from SC. That what matters for game companies, bring people into their game, the tournaments streams, the Prize Money, thats "cheap" publicity for them, and what they are vouching on is that thoso 18 000 viewers watching are showing their "non LoL players " friends what the game is about and bring more people in.   I give you the point that SC2 probably generates more money than LoL (i don't know the numbers) but SC2 is riding a big empire that comes from a while back. LOL is still a young game, and its increasing at fast rate. I don't know if the SC scene is getting larger or not, and what matters is who is closer to get to their maximum potential.   Your
0	Damn strait option bear.  I'm guessing we should use our voices and down votes. When I see some bullshit cutsy meme make the front page because everyone upvote sit though I feel like the people have spoken.  I don't know why anyone would shop at Walmart or GameStop EVER, yet people on this site do.  Stupid and unthinking is rampant and seriously become a prevalent part of this site as well.  If you don't like something don't support it for any reason and help other people realize they should also not support it... But they will inevitably upvote cute little kids on Halloween. Bull. Shit.  Add some CONTENT!  Post in the appropriate SUBREDDIT!  /r/Halloween exists for a reason.  There are so many ways to pick apart what I just said and I don't care, I was high up on a stack of soap boxes :)
1	I find that practicing CS in custom games doesn't really help you, because it doesn't simulate the situation you're going to be in in most of you games.   In 5v5, you're going to be up against another AD carry and support bot. They will try and pressure you and harass you, making it harder to last hit. In customs, you don't have that pressure, and if you get used to it, you won't do well in real games. If you just practice in a regular 5v5 or ranked, you'll learn h ow to deal with that pressure and slowly do better.
0	Clearly you have misunderstood me.  I am not a nutritionist but I can read.   OP is probably a bank teller or something unrelated to science nutrition or health, but you know what he can read too.  And since you're responding to me now,  I think you can read too.   So stop arguing points because 'it doesn't seem true.  There have to be risks.  You are wrong,  completely wrong and just because I said so'.  If you want to have an intelligible conversation,  you need to do your work as OP and others have.   Read, scrutinize what you're reading,  reevaluate your argument,  and then bring sources supporting your argument.
0	Oh god. This instantly reminded me of my afternoon poop at work a few days ago. I went in the empty bathroom, three stalls. Within a minute of starting the bathroom door opens. I just figured I'd wait it out like I normally do. Well, it happens to be a mother and her daughter. The daughter gets into the stall and is obviously pooping. The mother, standing outside the stalls is giving the daughter words of encouragement. "Go Sofie! You can do it Sofie! How you doing girl?" "Still pooping mom! Plenty to go!" meanwhile, I've finished and am horrified in the next stall over. 15 minutes later...they left. I went back to work with a look of fear.
1	It is not uncommon for a highly powerful, highly banned champion to have a low win rate.   What happens is the champion is seen as powerful, you play games where it gets through bans and someone who excels picks it up and proceeds to go 20-0. Often at the same time the champion sees a lot of success and bans in pro play.   Then comes the bandwagon.   These champions often have ban rates upwards of 70 or even 80%. At the same time they are seen as the best in the game, easy to win with. When the champion gets through bans it gets picked up, regardless of whether anyone on the team can actually play said champion.   The thing is, these teams are kind of forced to pick the champion up first pick, even when no one has experience with them. The risk they take is that someone on the other team can dominate using that champion, at which point they are at a massive disadvantage if they let it go through.
1	In my opinion a bit too weak. Riven is good at all-in bursts. And she does deal a lot of damage. But of the top laners currently played most are hard matchups for Riven. Especially bruisers like Renekton, Darius  and Pantheon are very difficult for Riven because they also deal a lot of damage but are tankier and usually either have sustain or ranged. Tanks like Malphite, Shyvana, Trundle and occasionally Volibear can also survive her burst and chase her when it's on cooldown. Late game carries like Ryze, Jax and Nasus outscale her more quickly after her nerfs. Ryze and Nasus become a problem for Riven if they get their armor and HP item(s). And Riven has to kill them and take a lead early or get outscaled soon where they only need to wait without dying. Jax can already outtrade her early on if he manages to block her passive with E. And he also outscales Riven. I don't think she should get buffs or something because them she would 1-shot every squishy. And that is her strong point, bullying squishy laners like Gankplank and Tryndamere.
1	Phreak said they're working on it. It's just gonna take... a while. Due to... you know... ^^notenoughpeople   edit* [here]( and [here]( are the links to what he said about lore
1	I feel your pain.   The first game that I saw Ezreal's dance in, I didn't know what it was from or what he was doing but I knew it was perfect.   I grinded (ground?  Grounded?) for ip with the enthusiasm only summoners who are level 5 can have.  Soon, my efforts were met with great reward - the prodigal explorer was MINE.   I sauntered mid with my doran's and my pot and I won every dance off against the other ad carries (and every fb at level 2 with exhaust/cv shortly after).  I faced the horrors of Mordekaiser mid, I fought through Tristana's DOT and I trounced over the occasional Ashe. I loved my prodigal explorer and trained with him daily and he rewarded me with some of the greatest plays a level 20 with global damage could pull off.   Then I started seeing a lot of men on fire at mid.   Levels 2 through 6 became a lot scarier.  Soon after my explorer was being shoved bot lane with a dopey unicorn and told to  sit, stay .  It was more boring, but there was still fun to be had, tragedy to be shared and triumphs to earn.   Then Graves came along.   The first  manly  carry and bot lane suddenly became the place to be.  I had to rush to pick Ezreal during champ select and call my place on the team before scruffy and his gun stole it.   It wasn't long before Ezreal became a troll pick.   INSERT ODD ONE QUOTES HERE   Those were some pretty dark times but I had a candle to ward away the darkness.  I had his skins.  "Oh I'll just get his Nottingham skin" I thought. "It kinda looks like link and I certainly won't be getting any more."  Oh how naive I was.   Pulsefire Ezreal was announced and I was fairly unimpressed.  "They took away his gauntlet and I don't think he'll be throwing archaeology with that skin but it's a new skin so what the hell."   Fast forward  five   six  seven months   HOLY HELL, PULSEFIRE IS ABOUT TO COME OUT ISN'T THAT TRAILER AWESOME   And then someone else instalocked Ezreal.  And started bragging about how they bought him with rp and had more saved for pulsefire.  And our jungler chimed in about how they didn't play Ezreal but would buy him for the skin.  And our mid chimed in to agree.   These people were talking  shit  about him and then were lining to buy him, all within the space of a week.  And soon, I would be  FIGHTING  them just to play my favorite carry.   And then Pulsefire Ezreal was released.   And it got ugly.   My carry was everywhere and I was never the one with him.  I got angry.  I blamed Riot, I blamed the other players and eventually I started blaming Ezreal.  We fell apart.  He stopped becoming my go-to for AD Carry.   ( In the case of Pulsefire instalockers by necessity, but over time by choice )   I moved between Varus and Draven and Corki and Tristana and Ashe and over time something happened.  I got over my prodigal explorer.  I still harbor no small amount of resentment towards all those players who jumped on the Pulsefire bandwagon but other than that I feel nothing special towards Ezreal.   I became a better player as I learned the nuances of stutter stepping with draven, back line initiating with Ashe, bursting with Trist and the importance of cdr with Varus; but I never bonded with any of them like I did before.   I became a better player, but the spark was gone.   I know exactly what you're going through and I want to tell you it will get better.   It won't.   There will be noobs who will instalock Karma spouting the skin YOU earned, there will be ragers who feed with the skin YOU love and it's not fair.  It's stupid and idiotic and there is nothing you can do about it.   All you can do is endure.  They can take your spot on the team.  They can rage at you for picking her when she falls out of grace.   But they can't make you lose her.
0	My first foray into maleware removal about 12 years ago. n
0	I have an LA Fitness down the road. Shortly after I moved into my house, I realised the gym here closes at 5, so I went down to LAF to get a subscription. About a month and a half later I was hit by a car, and cracked my shoulder and injured my leg, so there was no real possibility of working out in my near future, so I called LAF and told them the situation. The person on the other end told me that instead of canceling, I could "suspend" my account, and pay $10 a month to keep it open until I'm ready to start going back, which seemed like an ok deal. Two months later I was still getting billed the full amount, at which point my card on file expired, and I thought maybe that would be that. Within a week of my next payment being "due" I was getting called five times a day by their billing department, and when I explained the situation to them they basically told me they wouldn't stop until I paid them more than twice my monthly payments, despite my having a deposit on file with them. It took threats of a lawsuit to get them to stop harassing me, and even then it was only when I presented proof that they were supposed to have suspended my account that they backed down.
1	I totally agree that Silver V is worse than Bronze V.   I started in Bronze V, played a few games, then went back to normals for practice. After putting on my big boy pants and playing ranked again I zoomed up to the tippy top of Bronze and pushed into Silver. It was easy.   And then it went downhill. Four times I lost my placement matches, won three in a row and then lost my placement matches. Again and again.   Last night I finally managed to get into Silver IV after the most toxic game I've ever played.   The enemy team was raging, our team was raging, everyone was raging.   I knew it'd be a bad game as soon as I went into river to guard my buff and enemy Ezreal called me a 'big green fat bastard'.   Fantastic I thought, I'm playing with and against 12 year olds.   Of course our top lane was getting camped and yelling at me. And you know why he was being camped? Cause he never bought a ward. Ever. But that's my fault, not his.   And then, being Zac, in team fights my job is to dive right into the middle of the fight and just cause as much disruption as possible. Which I did. Over and over.   But according to 3 people on my team I didn't do anything in team fights and should just go AFK.   Da fuk? Zac isn't supposed to be getting the pentas, he's supposed to be making the enemy team go 'Y I NO CAN MOVE WTF Y I GET INTERUPT WATWATWAT????????'   But finally I'm out of that hell hole, and hopefully will climb higher. I might just kill myself if I drop back into Silver V.
1	The longer you let Teemo stay in the game, the harder it gets to deal with him. Take advantage of his weak early game. Later on he'll have points in his W and laugh away all gank attempts. If you let him farm too much he'll either buy some attack speed and freefarm, or he'll buy ap and put nuclear mushrooms everywhere. It's easy for him to harass melee champs, and he's hard to catch out/force into an all-in. Playing champs that have good sustain/cc like Cho'gath makes it a lot easier to catch/kill him, and harder to get harassed to death by him. Towards the end of the game, make teamfights happen a lot. He doesn't do a whole lot in fights like this, but you need to group and push hard so he can't infinitely splitpush your sidelanes.
0	I don't think there's a "thing". Just $1 to make it accessible and to guilt anyone that will shell out for an app or coffee but can't be bothered to spend a pittance on something they use constantly (though they should just download 7zip). You also have to figure, since nobody buys it as is (well, almost nobody) they'd rather have a buck from a bunch of people than 30 bucks from nobody.   They paypal part was probably because of the ease and ubqiuity of the service. I know if I go to a site and they let me pay there or paypal, I pick paypal everytime.
1	this might be lost amid the scuffle, but there  are  champs i know to use that i do not own. to be fair i am not an expert with them, but i am efficient enough. for example: i played a jungle Nocturne in ranked today and did pretty fucking well and we won.
0	Bring on the downvotes.   Alright, this bill is being blown out of proportion; before hopping on this bandwagon take the time to read it.  It is not SOPA-equivalent, it does not censor the internet. No DNS shall be blocked, nor website shut down. This is a bill that has been in the works for a while meant to modernize ancient copyright laws.  Do I feel nervous about some parts? Absolutely! Namely 47. Section 41.1 pending some ambiguity, and maybe 35. Section 31.1 for the same reasons. This bill hopes to implement a relevant copyright law merely  PAR  with many other countries, and to protect Canadian content! Phone your representatives and tell them the parts you have problems with!
1	I've been looking over this issue for awhile now and so far here's a lengthy explanation of what I've found.   It's not for any single reason this is happening but is a result of Riot's multitude changes to towers, dragon gold, fb gold, passive gold gain, jungle changes and trinket timers. Most of these changes have been directed towards enforcing a laning meta, but almost all of them have had the opposite intended effect.   Making early gold worthless from FB (not worth a single item), and dragon while increasing dragon's damage makes risky plays for early games advantages a waste of resources. Pros don't even recommend flashing for early game kills anymore and since ignite was weakened and heal and barrier strengthened, it just makes the early game even duller.   Dragon is no longer worth contesting early game, increased damage, decreased gold, better vision control by both teams. So having 2 people bot is no longer an issue and having 2 top is often times more useful to the team.   Delaying trinket timers makes jungle harder to control since supports can no longer buy multiple early wards as they need to build up their early items to maximize late game gold generation. The trinket changes have made protecting your own buffs much more difficult so teams are lane swapping just to safely invade their own jungle and guarantee buffs for their own junglers.   Bot lane is inherently unbalanced, purple lane's tower is closer to the bushes and face a sight and zone disadvantage so purple adc+sup lane never wants to lane bot.   Moreover ADCs, due to successive nerfs have an even smaller impact early game but are still essential late game to kill turrets, so it makes more sense to safely farm up than risk getting shut down in lane.   Turrets having been buffed makes them harder to take. In the current meta waveclear champions are extremely important for turtling. Since sieging lategame is now so difficult when you have champions that can clear a wave safely from range, and kill champions from just a couple hits of poke, taking turrets during late-game sieges is impossible. Instead teams want early turrets, but taking turrets early game has gotten harder as well. The easiest way to take towers is for both teams to trade them and both teams want towers.   The early game is mostly worthless as early game advantages are so small at the pro level that a team can easily turtle till late game where everyone has six items, dissipating any early game item advantage. You can also no longer shut down a player by camping them with your jungler or snowballing your lane due to exponential experience rubberbanding. A good example of this is if you wait in-game long enough you can ding 1-18 in just a few seconds of being exposed to minions.   Tower changes work both ways for both teams, so individual changes on towers would be worthless, instead what needs to happen is an encouragement of other opportunities to bring focus away from tower-taking which are (because of nerfing of the value of other objectives) the most important objective early game and late game since you need to take towers to win. By incentivizing early game actions other than turret taking and making them meaningful, early game would be more interesting, but then this brings back bigger snowballing which Riot has been loathe about recently.
1	With all the mana-less champs (Kennen, Katarina, Vladmir) in AP roles, I tend to use speed quints.  It's so nice when your tier 1 boots gets you up to 397 on Kat.  I don't remember what it is for vlad, but it sure helps chase/run and procs nicely with Vlad's W and ghost.
0	This will get lost but...   After people start having kids and divorcing it flips for any male who has a decent job.  Women realize the errors of choosing deadbeats and any successful male spends their time flicking through the messages of interested women.   My dad is  just teacher and he had his pick of the litter.  Can't imagine what the dating scene is like for an Accountant.
0	I went to chipotle about a week ago, ordered a steak burrito. The guy said, "it'll be about 5 minutes on the steak." I told him that's cool, I'm not in any kind of hurry, take your time. Another employee asked if I wanted anything to drink while I waited, held up a cup. I politely declined (was getting food to go, and I'm staying away from soda.) She said, "you sure? it's on the house." Again, I politely declined.   So I'm shooting the shit with some of the employees (I was the only person in line, and there were like 2 other people eating, so they weren't busy) and after about 5 minutes my steak is ready so I order my burrito, and I have my card out and the cashier rings it up and says, "Your meal is taken care of." Confused, I ask what I owe her for my food. "Nothing, it's on us since you had to wait."   I was really impressed with that level of customer service. I'm a really laid-back guy, and told them that really wasn't necessary, the wait was nothing, but they insisted. I actually contacted chipotle customer service and bragged on how well I was treated at that location.
1	After losing a very discouraging ranked game and dropping below 1200 elo, I somehow brought myself to start another one, which was the best ranked game I've ever played. I jungled Udyr, and with every successful gank I said "gj" to my teammates (I normally do this) and they picked it up and  said it back to me and themselves . Throughout the whole game we were communicating well and complimenting eachother on plays done right, and bracing eachother even when things went wrong. We won, and I congratulated the team on such a positive attitude. Game in a million, that one.
0	Want me to tell you about  my  experience during a layover in Atlanta?   Too bad, I'm gonna tell you anyways.   So my flight gets cancelled until the next day because of a bad thunderstorm in NC.  They put me up in a hotel room for the night for like $40 bucks, fine with me.  I had JUST turned 21 a few days prior, so I decide to hit up the nearest bar.  I'm chatting it up with some army guy who was fresh out of boot camp, trading drinks and stories.  I catch a very good looking older woman looking in our direction from across the bar.  I originally think nothing of it, figured she was looking at the other guy anyways.  Also I don't have the balls to talk to her because she appears to be with two other chicks sitting next to her.  Throughout the night I catch her looking over a few more times, but I figured I'm just imagining it.   End of the night rolls around, I pay my tab and get ready to head out.  Bartender pulls me aside, tells me he needs to talk to me.  Figured something was wrong with my card, but instead he hands me a napkin with a note written on it.  Tells me the lady at the end of the bar wanted him to give it to me.   "Your glasses are cute and I like your arms.  If you want to try something crazy, you can come back with me to my room and we can have a little fun.  No need for names or anything, and if you don't want to then I understand.  -R"   I sit down next to her and we get to talking.  I'll skip the boring part and get to the weird part...   So I'm balls deep in this chick, railing her out like it's the last thing I'll ever do.  I tell her I'm gonna come and she says to me "YES!  I WANT IT ALL OVER MY FACE!".  At that, I couldn't hold it in anymore.  I pulled out, ripped the condom off, and blew one of the biggest loads I've ever blown.  Every drop of that 10-pump load arcs  perfectly  and lands on her face.  I was proud.  She's moaning in ecstasy, loving every second of it. Then...   She grabs me by the sides of my head and  fucking rubs her semen covered face all over mine.    I was so in shock that my jaw dropped, which was a mistake.  She proceeded to use her tongue to slurp it up and  push it back into my mouth.   I go to the bathroom, wipe off, and tell her my flight leaves early tomorrow and I have to go.   And that, kids, is the story of the first time I tasted my own semen.
1	the 1300 or so gold you spend on a catalyst i better used to say a sheen, cutlass, pickaxe or with another 10 cs, a bf sword. The amount of gold you spend will put you very far behind the other adc. And the scaling time isn't great. bot lane doesn't level as fast as the solo lanes. Its not an optimal bot lane buy and realistically won't be picked up by anyone other than the support at best. But then the same gold can be spend on wards, pinks, sight stone, talisman and such which provide much more immediate value. Honestly this isn't a bad idea and would help a lot of laners like jayce, khazix and irelia.
1	So I am live at the venue. Basicly bunch of 12-15year old kids, the plague why you dont want to play on EUNE. I find it unaccaptable that the main LoL stage is showed in polish only. The big screen with english casters is in the middle of the arena but seats are only avaible to vips... Spodek is amazing, the city centre is tragic, yesterday after 24:00 not a single open pub/bar. Curse:Mym game played somewhere behind, players not on the scene.
0	I said this already in reply to another guy, but considering he's gonna get buried for being a douche bag:   OP - Please take note of HOW you did this. If you walked into a class of 60 seats, with 5 people in it - and plopped yourself right next to the hot girl in class, without saying a fucking word, OF COURSE SHE MOVED! I would've moved too, and I'm a dude. (OK probably not, I've made good friends in college this way, just making my point)   There's a  huge  difference between sitting down silently, and saying even a single word before/after you sit.   Sitting next to someone in a huge room where there's plenty of places to sit is... kind of creepy - ( Edit: if you're not going to make an effort to interact ). It would bother me, it means you want to be CLOSE to another human, but aren't capable of actually interacting with them. It's blatantly obvious that you're sitting there to be next to her (which is  fine , if you  talk ), she's not stupid - she picked up on it. She probably just also picked up on the fact that you weren't going to say a word...   ...but saying "Hey, is this seat taken?", or even just "Hey" after you sit let's her know you're open to conversation, you're not just sitting there to be beside some "piece of ass", and it makes her more comfortable with your presence.
0	Copy/pasted from another response.   I am not an EMT. I am a paramedic. I give a wide range of drugs, intubate, cannulate, read ECG's to reasonable depth, and do a variety of other interventions that EMT's can't (in the UK).   He is no longer a Health Care Professional, and has been retired for 2 decades. He is from the 'old school' of medicine. You know, where women were pretty little things in uniforms, and were laughed at for being considered able to go higher than nurse. Ambulance men, were just taxi drivers, with a stretcher to scrape people up, and nurses were just the arse-wipers, and gophers. He has not had a clinical update in 30-40 years.   His 'tests' for me would be stuff that we would see every day. An example:   UNCLE:- You are called to a man in the road; he is seemingly unconscious. What do you do?   ME:- Well, check for danger, try and get a response from verbal, then pain stimuli, then assess his ABC's.   UNCLE:- Ah, yes, but then you notice an empty bottle. Now what do you do?   ME:- Assume it must be Friday night, and I must be in a town in the UK, but not rule out medical or trauma causes. So get a blood sugar, take other observations, such as pulse, BP, oxygen saturations, and do a full secondary survey, to assess for trauma, from the head down. In the event of no obvious cause, and irreversibility with anti-opioids, transfer to the appropriate A&E dept at hospital, depending on if there is stroke, cardiac or trauma as a potential cause. (in the UK there are specialist treatment centres for these things).   At this point my uncle, would usually try and go to a depth of medical knowledge that would be beyond me, but fail, because his knowledge has diminished, and he thinks I am just an ambulance driver. Which I am not - I drive a car.   I don't pretend to know everything, and there is an enormous gap between General Practitioner, or in fact ANY medical doctor, and a Paramedic, There is no disputing this, and I would not even try. But my uncle is not a GP any more, and has not been for some time. He would not be able to cut it in the modern world of medicine. He is quite patronising, and also rather condescending with his manor, as I imagine he has always been to his staff, and patients, because that is how a lot of them were in the "good ol' days".
1	is there any way i can maybe get it louder?   yes, look at the top of my original post :p   > Since I am in Vienna today (27th) I probably cannot update today. Unless i somehow get some time to use my laptop to make a new update (next update will rise the global volume of this announcerpack a bit), the next update should be ready tomorrow sometime between 12 am and 3pm (UK Time)
0	Actually, the post says "took a feminist to prom." We can't actually infer from that information the gender of who was going. Could be a guy and a girl, a girl and a girl, or a guy and a guy.
1	This is precisely the problem with him. I was playing in a 5 man with some newer level 30's. I was being camped top and was repeatedly dying because I was just gung-ho zerging and playing terribly - I was still outfarming their team so I decided that if I just kept 2 players busy top, keeping more farm than them, my deaths would be worthless. Come 20 minutes in and I go from x - 10 - x to 11 - 10 - x and snowball carry.
1	here, have an answer nobody else would give.   Shyvana. Early game you can get ahead with her superior farming potential, and gank bot for double kill or drake at level 6 or 8.   Take flash and mid game push an outer lane as hard as you can. Your ult'll be up faster, and you will get loads of global gold. Dragon form + flash + W will get you out of nearly any situation, and this is the time you'll be strongest. If nobody tries to kill you, your whole team will be strong from the global gold. If they come up to kill you, you can probably take them at that point (unless it's like a Darius), or get away.   In teamfights pretend you're Jax. Jump on the AD carry and force them away from the fight. It's not that hard as Shyv to do that and there's no way you'll lose a fight to an AD carry as Shyv unless you're way behind.
1	Your opinion, though right, isn't what Riot likes. They said before that they don't want to split NA into NA-W and NA-E, because of routing issues, costs, and overall player experience. They basically want to save money by letting us complain till it's actually so bad they have to do something. This issue existed in S3, but was slightly fixed with "better servers". The issues came to light again in 4.17; why? Nothing with the severs changed. Nothing with ISPs changed. It's all Riot's code. Their code on the packet losses and such. You can give us a new server for a more centralized location, but until you look at the digits and characters of the code, you'll see where the fuckup lies.
1	She is actually better than she used to be supporting Sivir and Corki in particular. Two points in infuse gives more mana than three points used to and this allows those two AD champions to trade extremely effectively in lane since soraka can level heal more readily than ever. In a standard support lane, if you opened faerie charm + wards, you should run out of mana near the time when you need to go back anyways for a philostone.
1	Directed towards any member of the team: If a massive zombie nuclear fallout occurred, and you were the only person who survived from your team, but none of the other team's were affected, and there was a huge league of legends drug bust,Cloud 9 found to be doing Crack before entering scrims, and in result all the teams disbanded, and you had to make a super team, who would you have in each role? top mid jungler adc and support.
0	I have mixed feelings about this. On one hand, unskilled labor shouldn't be paid as much as skilled labor. On the other hand, most of the jobs that have been created in the past five years have been minimum wage/part time jobs. Finding a job can be an absolute bitch and sometimes people have to settle for something in this category. It sucks, but it's true. The thing is, there is no reason why a person living in the wealthiest nation in the world should be in poverty while fully employed. That is absolutely ridiculous. I believe we all have basic human rights, and the right to a certain standard of living. Increase minimum wage to $15/hour for everyone. At the same time, other people that are educated and in skilled labor need to be compensated better as well. It's completely ridiculous that someone who has gone to school for 4 years is only able to find a job in their field that starts out at roughly 12/hour. Hell, I'm working on my masters of social work to be a therapist. About the most I can hope to earn a year upon graduation would be 30,000-40,000 a year. Thats if I'm lucky. Realistically, I'm looking at maybe 15,000-20,000 a year.
1	I main thresh to plat. Havent played him recently. What you wrote down is interesting and mostly correct. But i think you are missing one important factor; every game isnt the same. For example, i will take spellthiefs in some occasions when playing against a morgana to take down her shield quicker (EXTREMELY SITUATIONAL). Also try getting into the habit of chainging your masteries every game to suit different aims and objectives of you teamcomp and the enemies. E.G would you prefer to run CDR thresh with 5% CD runes and mast or would you prefer to run tank thresh..?
0	This is still bullshittery of the highest order.   You really think at 16, any non-mentally challenged human being couldn't make up their own mind about who they really want to have sex with?   Brandishing an 18 year old having consensual sex with a 16 year old with the rape brush just makes a mockery of rape to be honest.
1	I'm also plat, and the issue isn't so much her raw power but the risk and effort associated with using that power. The easiest way to deal with a Cait in the past was to just go in on her and blow her up but this has been made much harder now with the prevalence of heal and supports like Lulu and Morgana. I'm not saying that is like, "oh shit they got Cait gg" I'm saying playing against a Cait tends to be a miserable experience where you just have to accept getting your shit pushed in for the majority of laning. Mix in the solo queue factor on your lane partner and jungler and you might not be able to slow her roll.   You say that the Sivir would be able to solo her, yes, this is true if Cait stands there and tries to 1v1, but Cait has to tools to get away. The problem isn't her damage output but rather her ability to avoid yours.
0	I wish my Mom had the luxury of doing that. Our finances were set so far behind thanks to lawyer costs, that any child support would barely pay for daily items, and most of the time it went towards the mortgage.
1	NOTE: I'm basing this off of how Reginald acted strictly in this video. I don't know either of them as people, nor have I met them, so I acknowledge that I may "not have a clue on what I am talking about", but I would still like to offer my opinion on this. Also, my views are in relation to Reginald's behavior OUTSIDE of the game, not with how he plays (although there may or may not be a correlation).   Honestly, they way it started was kind of both of their faults, though I still lean towards Regi handling this situation ineffectively both as a leader and as a person.   Dyrus expressed discomfort with how loud the others were being, and while he didn't say it in the most courteous way, he was not being overtly aggressive nor was he trying to pick a fight.   You hear Regi's response after Dyrus' complaint, "Dyrus, what is wrong with you dude," and you can tell he is trying to pick a fight. He starts off just calling him rude and Dyrus tries to brush it off, but he keeps going.   Unfortunately Dyrus can't really articulate what he why he is annoyed, other than saying "I'm playing a game." At least at first.   Dyrus tries to end the argument by just saying sorry, but Regi keeps berating him, saying he doesn't mean it and "the tone" of how he said sorry is rude, and that "he doesn't mean it."   This is where I have the biggest issue. When you have an arguement with someone, you can't just expect them to be genuinely sorry. There are usually gonna be hard feelings. The fact that Dyrus just said sorry, regardless of the tone, showed that he wanted to end the conversation and be done with it, while Regi just kept harping on him. While Regi may have wanted to resolve the issue properly, which is understandable, his  own  tone and his attitude led to an even more elevated argument.   This is the crux of where Regi needs to develop as a person. He is stubborn in that he wants to assert that he was right in his actions, and he can't just let it go.   Now the conversation brings out where Regi needs to develop as a leader. Dyrus breaks a little and expresses that he is stressed out (as the whole team probably is) and that he is trying to focus to beat C9 and the other teams that they are scrimming. Regi ignores this and talks about how he only argues when he is right. He goes on to say that Dyrus doesn't contribute, and then when Dyrus tries to counter, Regi alters his statement and says that Dyrus doesn't contribute productively. This is the last thing you want to be doing in a situation where team morale is so important. Regi is pretty much marginalizing Dyrus and saying that Dyrus doesn't help the team in discussions. He rants about how Dyrus' isn't being productive, when he can't see that his own stubbornness is causing an emotional tear, which is probably going to be just as hurtful to the team. The fact that he also altered his statement to include that Dyrus does in fact contribute (just not productively) shows that Regi had to accept Dyrus' point, but he didn't want to accept that he was entirely wrong in arguing.
1	Blitzcrank by nature is a champion all about risk vs. reward. Land Rocket Grab on a priority target and you've single (robot) handedly won an entire teamfight - miss, and you're out of a sizeable cooldown and inviting your opponents to a big ol' counter-attack party. For a champion so steeped in this mindset however, Overdrive's up-time mitigated Blitzcrank's risk a little too much, leaving enemies still fleeing in fear even after a grab gone wide. Shortening the windows 'Crank has to make his big plays while increasing his burst of speed pushes this dichotomy further, but beware running out of steam if you misplay the moment.   Source:
1	anything you are really good with   simple as that   err, i should say whatever you have most fun with   solo q is test of patience and your ability to get better over time, and if you arent having fun cause you are just playing opchamp numbah 1, then you are gonna burn youreslf out and fall into the elo hell trap   personally, this season ive played support nunu, i played a lot of irelia and riven (granted my riven record is terrible lol) and ryze, ezreal, gragas, and hell even top lane kayle   does it matter who i play...mm ya to a point it does, some will naturally do better then others   does this matter if you are having fun, willing to play more/grind more, and are more open to look at personal mistakes and better yourself? not at all   i have a winning record with kayle...with bloody fucking kayle, a terribly team dependent champ especially in her current state and ive had to lane against strong ass top laners like akali cho and gangplank   and its because i always won my lane, i always outfarmed my opponent or even killed them simply because im way better with kayle then teh opponent is with their champ
0	I would say the wording in this isn't the best.   I don't think science is effective in disproving God, but being someone who wholly believes in God, I think God has used a lot of scientific means to do what he has done.   I think that science and God can completely go hand in hand. God had to use some means to create, and I think it's interesting to look at science, and the laws of science and realize that God still worked within those laws to do everything he has done.   Anyway, my 2 cents on the whole subject.
0	It was a combination of those things, developed over time. I was eating less than 1000 calories most days, so I was usually taking them on an empty stomach, twice a day for about 6 months. I'd also been constantly losing weight, and in a little over a year had gone from a hefty 235+ to a rather anemic 160 (for reference, I'm 6'3" and broad).   Then I had my familial problems added on top of that which included, but were not limited to, a live-in heroin-addicted brother who constantly fought with my step-dad, who in turn bickered with my alcoholic mother.   Fortunately, after a single course of the cheap OTC medication, I've had no further problems. I've eaten whatever the hell I've wanted, and have lately had a rather consistent load of soul-crushing hell to induce stress and systematically destroy all which I hold dear.
1	Wow that's great! No need for the
1	What's ridiculous is how many people are giving MLG/Riot the benefit of the doubt.   It makes absolutely no sense that any team would publicly talk about how they are going to split prizes---especially when in terms of motivation, both teams have incentive to win 1st place more than 2nd place.   Collusion and/or prize splitting agreements happen with teams who are still seeding or in the lower brackets, to increase their chances of gaining money. The EG + TSM collusion accusation in Dreamhack 2011 had way more evidence.  Such collusion or prize splitting doesn't happen between 1st and 2nd place teams.
0	Your psychiatry textbook might be correct in a general sense, and assuming that it is referring to the US.  There may be issues with that assertion - beginning with the use of the qualifier "diagnos able ".   Another qualifier is the term "psychiatric disorder".  This would seem to include any of the diagnoses in professional diagnosis manuals.  I am most familiar with the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) published by the American Psychiatric Association, so I'll use that for reference.  I assume that you are familiar with it.  In the context of my comment, I was referring more to Axis I disorders, and not really to Axis II or Axis III issues.  That wasn't abundantly clear, so it has been edited to read "serious" mental health issues.   Also relevant: were these "diagnosable psychiatric disorder[s]" present when the crime was being perpetrated?   Next, I was not referring to the prison population as a whole.  The context was perpetrators of violent crimes (specifically those involving injury/death), because that is the issue I was addressing from the comment I replied to.  Also note that the current prison population is not the same as the total of those who are perpetrators of a crime, violent or otherwise.  Remember the drunk driving "affluenza" teen who killed four people and injured nine others?  Perpetrated a violent crime, was not sentenced to prison.  Plus, "affluenza" was a defense, not a mental illness.   What is the most violent mental disorder?  Depression, by a long shot.
0	Parents get into the mindset of "I made you, so you're obligated to obey me".  My mom likes to go on power trips whenever I go to my hometown to visit.  I don't have a social life here, so I try to spend time with my brother and cousin when I'm there.  My hometown is rather dull and depressing, and there's very little to do, so we usually try to go out to the bar to play pool once or twice while I'm home.  My mom knows that she's my best option as a babysitter for my five year old son.  To make things simpler for her, I usually try to go out after his bedtime so I can just put him to bed and have her check on him from time to time.  But no! If I go out to the bar, that means I could drink and, "If you don't get tipsy off two beers and good and drunk with three, then you're an alcoholic."   That's her trump card- refuse to babysit to keep me from leaving the house, "to protect me from my alcohol problem."  But my 22 year old little brother who still lives at home can go to the bar, spend fifty bucks on drinks and walk home drunk whenever he wants without a word from her.  She'll sometimes babysit when he asks her to.  But for the most part, I have to take my son with me everywhere I go, and the highlight of my winter visits is putting my son to bed and drinking beer on the porch with my brother.  Sharing a twelve pack and still being in control of our faculties is our favorite way of infuriating her.
0	Actually funny enough this worked for my brother, but in reverse. His senior year of high school a girl rear ended him and they ended up dating and shmeeshing (fucking) most of that year before graduating.
1	I am a generous jungler and give away almost all my buffs and even a lot of my camps, I like to aggressively gank/counter jungle instead.   However, I still believe laners should generally ask before taking jungle farm throughout the laning phase. Its not so much that the camps won't spawn fast enough as communication is ALWAYS important. Just ask, I'll probably say yes, but please ask. Why? Well firstly it's polite, it shows that you respect your jungler and their role in the team. Secondly, you have no idea what my intentions are, maybe I was intending to aggressively farm till level 6, maybe you taking golems and wraiths just screwed up a strategy of mine, who knows? You don't, because you didn't talk to me about it. If you ask we can work together to achieve compatible goals. If you just say, hey can I farm golems? I can take that into consideration when I'm judging my clear time and gank opportunities and we can work as a TEAM.   When communication is there I have made some really great trade offs by sharing jungle farm, I've given my top free farm on golems and they have consequently got super farmed and won lane without my assistance allowing me to focus on the more fragile mid and bot lanes. I've had mids who I've given the wraith camp to and as a result they have warded the enemy wraiths and helped me to counter jungle. There are benefits to sharing jungle farm and not acting like "hey all this here is MINE", but it requires communication.   There are definitely situation where you are going to want to take all jungle for yourself, generally when you are behind. There are also situations where you won't want to give away buffs, like when your mid is losing lane and will probably just give it to the enemy mid. Just to clarify, by losing lane I mean feeding. If your Ahri is 0//0/0 but is having trouble holding lane because she is always being pushed by their Malz, give her blue. The CD and mana will allow her to spam her spells, take pressure of her lane and start roaming like she should.
1	You think Riot shouldn't let an organisation manage the situation so badly? What has Riot to do with this? Riot is the organisation that stages LCS, it's not their job to help the players get the infrastructure to train as good as they can. That's the responsibility of the team. After all Riot PAYS them.   Of course it is a shame, but in my opinion it is the people and players inside of Spain who should be more aware about this issue. If you are in a good team, just don't play for Giants! anymore. Other teams have shown that they managed to get into LCS without a sponsor (like Supa Hot Crew). If you have a gaming house in Germany and it is capable of having an Internet connection by cable you can have up to 100 Mbit for not even 50  a months. They get paid 12.500 $ each for 3 months so they should be able to get around that issue.
0	The Grateful Dead have live recordings that put other artist's studio recordings to shame.
1	Teemo!   He is super viable due to him being able to fuck up many top bruisers and from 6 he doesn't really need wards.. you can still buy them to make your map awareness even more op, but not necessarily needed.   It won't come to teamfights if you play with one of his really cute skins (e.g. the bunny, astronaut, panda). The enemies will either watch you all game or hunt you all game and they won't be able to catch you because you have shrooms, your passive AND move quick. The global taunt makes it easy for your team to splitpush and win the game while 5 enemies hunt you through your jungle.   His laning is extremely strong in blind pick since your team will most likely pick a bruiser top which you can shut down easily with poison harass, blinding dart if they jump you and then you can continue attacking him if you have the potential to kill him while you're still safe, just kite him or run away with move quick. If you play top against a ranged ad or ap you can still be on the safe site and farm well and sometimes when the chance is given kill the enemy, for example Vladimir will be easiest to hurt in the early levels when his Q cooldown is still high and you can harass him with E very well.   You can even play the ad carry role even though this has to be practiced to do extremely well, but most ad carries which don't rely on spells to much in lane will lose in fights due to blinding dart. For example Ezreal will still be able to attack you with Q and W while he is blinded and just run away or shift away, while Ashe is pretty much chanceless as long as she's blinded because all her damage will be one volley which equals probably one or two of your auto attacks.   Mid lane is playable as well since the lane is pretty short but has many entrances you can block the enemies with your shrooms from lvl 6 and run away with move quick again. Seem pretty strong these spells, don't they? A lot ap's will rely on their cooldowns to deal damage to you. For example a Morgana. You can easily bully her out of the lane through dodging the dark binding and just hitting her with your autoattacks.   Your enemies won't really be able to counterpick you if you play draft pick because you have the possibility to build everything with different strengths and success. If they pick Malphite top to counter your auto attack spam you can either rely on your magic damage early on by building malady or wit's end. If they pick something to counter your ap damage, just try to skip the items and go for phage or something similar. Phage works extremely well on Teemo due to the slow proc which will bully the enemies even harder.   His snowballing is exceptional. Once you beat your enemy out of lane he has a really low chance to get back into it. You can simply be the big bully little Teemo is and harass the enemy extremely hard once they get near your small minion friends. You can once you beat him farm extremely hard by controling the cs and killing him, or push as well even though there will be a bigger part of the map that has to be covered by mushrooms if your team doesn't do too well and you're behing their outer turret since the enemy will try to gank you as much as possible then. Global taunt will eventually set in and your team can push the other two lanes to victory.   Other advantages are his incredibly cute skins, the point that Riot simply loves Teemo and that he's a damn Captain!   Sorry for the wall of text, but i hope this showed you that Teemo is by far the strongest character in the game ;).
1	Everyone seems to be missing the point here -  they are making their own P2P . This patch will:     Uninstall the already turned off PMB.   Provide information on your local network and computers to Riot   Allow them to develop their own P2P software so they can turn it back on in the future.
0	I started doing that same thing when I was about 16, because my mother would acuse me of sneaking out. After she accidentally found out about the pee cups she then assumes I did it because I brought someone (a random guy or someshit) into my room and didn't want him to wake her up.
0	This exact thing happened to me with a girl I worked with. Beautiful, tan with green eyes and brown hair. Curves, amazing personality she was awesome; I was in love. She broke my heart after 7 months together because she "didnt want to have to report to me for having fun while in college or have a long distance relationship (she lived two hours away and still works at the same exact location while going to school two hours away)."
1	It's only an unfair advantage if one team has one, and one doesn't. Having someone there to time jungle camps, dragon timers, baron, etc only makes the game better. It's only a problem when one team has that advantage and the other doesn't. Pretty much all team games from Halo to Counterstrike have had coaches that time weapons etc. "Coach" is a looser term, sometimes it's just a players brother who can watch a clock and count down 3 min from when the Rocket Launcher is picked up. It only advances the game and makes high level play even more competitive.
1	None of the changes listed will fix this.   You identified the problem area pretty well. I'm 1900+ rated and when I'm unfortunate enough to get a 1600 player in my games, I can usually tell that they're 1600 just by the way they play; generally, very poorly.   The problem is that the number of people between 1200 and 1600 is so high that skill completely gets thrown out the door. Instead, your team composition and how much bad is on each team decides almost every game. Winning and losing is completely luck, no matter how good or bad you are.   Because of this, really bad players can stay hovering in the 1200-1700 range for a long time, when they actually belong below 1200.   Once you break 1700, everyone above that rating is generally skilled. I very rarely have a game where anyone on my team feeds or does horribly. When I do, it's usually a 1600 or even lower duo queue. In most of these games, there's zero chance of carrying a bad player; if you have one on your team, you'll usually lose without having a chance of winning.   I would suggest adding a way to rate players on both teams after games (this person did good, this person did bad). If a person is consistently getting good ratings, give them some extra rating for their wins. If the person is consistently getting bad ratings, give them less rating or take more for their losses. This would help fix the bad players who manage to keep their rating solely due to luck.   Another solution would be to consider games played as part of matchmaking. If you reduce the entry point, you're sticking new players or even smurfs into the cesspool of terrible players, and their skill level is disregarded. An old 1200 player with 1000 ranked games played shouldn't be able to drag down a new 1200 player with 2 ranked games played. By keeping matches close in number of games played, you don't have this problem.   Yet another thing that would help is an option to set how long you're willing to sit in the queue, or what rating difference you're willing to play with. At higher rating, you often get terrible match ups (i.e. difference between highest and lowest on your team is 300+ rating). These games are usually very undesirable. I think I speak for most high rated players when I say that we would rather sit in the queue for 5-10 minutes and get a good game with close ratings, rather than sit in the queue for 1 minute and get a team with huge rating differences.
0	Got pulled over as a teenage coming home from work late at night. Asshole cop pulled me over for no other reason than not using my turn signal when I was the only car on the road. I got away with a 'warning' but I've used my signals ever since...fuck I let the cop win.
0	Here's a list that I found extremely helpful when I first started redditing...   What do all of these acronyms mean? Well there are a lot of acronyms in use on reddit, so this is just a list of some of the main ones you'll see.   ELI5 means "Explain like I'm 5 (years old)"   DAE means "Does anybody else" or "Does anyone else"   FTFY means "Fixed that for you"   IAMA means "I am a"   AMA means "Ask me anything"
1	Since no one talking about Ryze let me throw my two cents here as someone who has played quite a bit of Ryze for 3 seasons   First I don't think he will be that great since his laning phase is pretty bad now, he HEAVILY relied on consistent q poke to do much in lane. Also I don't see why the q and w damage was lowered(q mana ratio down by 4.5% at level 1!!) when q is already becoming a skill shot and w wasn't much of a huge damage threat til late. I do like the e changes but I don't see his new passive being good enough to really merit the fact that his main damage is no longer guaranteed damage. I predict people will still go tear>roa>archangels>FH/Righteous but I think e max will take over q max and you will just try to clear waves while trying not to die early game. Late game you will be better with the new kit but I don't think your gonna get there that much. Also the cdr moving from the q to the r doesn't matter too much since FH is too good to not build so the 30% doesn't matter, all I see it doing is moving your power spike to level 11
0	I suggest you visit your local library, and avail yourself of the 900 section.   "Giving the game away" works in the police's favor.  I am honestly shocked I even have to write that sentence.   Consider this:  People are disappearing.  The populace suspects the police.  Members of the populace begin to ask questions.  Those people have now disappeared.  Is "The Game" given away?  Most assuredly.  And what is the lesson?   Don't ask questions or you will disappear.   This has worked fantastically well everywhere it has been tried--for the police.   Nothing that you have issues wit has anything to do with the police, but the media who reports it and those who consume it.   The police are now, and should be, required to report who they question and who they arrest.  How the public reacts to that is not their problem, and in no way should that be legislated.   You do understand that you are suggesting limiting free speech, right?   Everything the police do should be 100% transparent.  All of it, names included (unless the suspect is a minor).  That is exactly what we have, and that is exactly how it should be.   Identity details are the key point.  The government must say EXACTLY who they have and why.   It is far easier to fight a bad reputation than it is a prison sentence without cause, in the dark, in anonymity.  I am sure you are aware of the phrase "lock them up and throw awy the key", no?   Imagine that phrase when nobody knows you have even been arrested, and the only people asking questions are your immediate family, and if they get too mouthy they vanish, too.   Google "Dirty War" or "Forced Disappearance".   When someone is arrested for a crime they didn't commit, it sucks.  And if the crime in question is particularly unacceptable, even worse.  However, as difficult as it may be, there are avenues to correct the problem, and the individual is out in the world to defend himself.   Even in a benign anonymous system, if t police arrest the wrong person, why let him go?  That implies their being inept.  And police forces cannot be seen as inept (google "Barney Fife"), so when the cops get the wrong guy, they keep him anyway because they don't want to appear stupid.   And the only person, maybe, who knows is his sister, who has Down Syndrome and nobody takes her seriously when she pleads for her brother.  Or the family is poor.  Or a minority.   Are good people fuckedunder by the idea of transparency?  Yep, absolutely.  BUt that is a problem of society and THEIR perceptions.   Go out and change them.  Good luck.   It has been shown that by providing education to inmates recidivism rates drop exponentially--but then, middle lass families get  upset in that they have to "spend so much money and prisoners get education for free blah blah blah" not understanding that it SAVES money to educate criminals.   They would rather have a fucked up,more violent, more expensive society based on a misguided and non-existent principle than deal with reality.   But I digress.
1	I have been saying this for a while to my group of friends which i play this game with. And they hate me for hating on all the new champs.   There is alot of champs ingame atm. And Syndra is suffering from what i have been saying for a while..   People will not play a champ unless it is really powerful against the current meta (gragas,ahri,orianna,karthus,anivia).   That or if it brings something new to the table, something that gives them a unique nich in a team comb.   Syndra provides nothing. She is a terrible and harder to play version of Veigar. Veigar just has alot better CC and alot more dmg, plus an unending ap scale.   I was whining constantly when they released diana, she was incredible overpowered from a champion point of view. Not when you compared her vs other champs, but when you looked at her abilities their mana costs dmg cooldown and so on..   Her passive alone is by far the best in the game. Alot of attackspeed scaling burst dmg on ever 4th swing? come on ? insane! plus the fact that she has an orianna ult on her W making orianna useless.. Since she in my opinion is a horrible champion aswell.   They need to take a break with making new champs and update old ones, like karma sion and so on. How can sions passive that reduces what 50 dmg flag 50% of the time? terrible. compared to the new passives..   They nerfed Zyra to the ground aswell.   How about you release a decent mid champ that we can use.. Riot either makes them overpowered so they get nerfed to uselessness or they make them  bad from the get go.
1	Your team shouldn't ignore your opinion and force you into something. They should have settled this down with Uzi before going into the match. Forcing him into something, while he is not accepting it, won't help.   Even if he played Lucian, he will suck anyway. Why? Cause you are forced into doing something you may hate.   Let's take an extreme example: "Your boss "ask" you to lick the toilet clean. You refuse, and he fires you?"   If Uzi is a Vayne player, and you take him to your team, then you should know this, and should communicate about what is good for the team, what is every1 wanting, and what Uzi wants. If it doesn't work, and Uzi/team refused to adapt, then changes are there to made.
0	Friend o' mine tried that. He now is between jobs with no resume to speak of and no skills that are for the current market.
1	First of all.. I really wonder why SK didn't pick Twisted fate. They were hovering over it for what? 20 sec in champ select. It counters both twitch and eve's, but also can force an engage on someone, a thing their team was lacking.   Another long analysis from me :)   The rotations of SK very pretty horrendous. It started of... what can is there to say? 1st of all Lucian + thresh can shut down twitch + morg in lane. To opt into a laneswap is very strange. But if that wasnt bad enough, lee and aatrox split up for the 1st clears, just so that SK could save some trinket wards. This makes for a much less safe jungle clear, and they gained nothing from it the way they did it. Not to mention that they got caught out on their wraith camp!   There is more bad "rotations": Rotating mid with TF full hp and mana, top and bot tower still up. Overall bad ward coverage. Yes it is hard to regain ward coverage when enemy dominates vision (and they have two stealthed and one teleporting enemies). When enemy team has that many sweepers, placing wards in strange places will pay off. It is absolutely crucial to have some map-pressure through wards.   Picks:   The aatrox... the aatrox... Not much to say here, I think most of you understand what the aatrox really can do in a teamfight vs fnatics comp... nothing. Yes he can deal some damage, but the amount of peel fnatic has (mind you, SK knew Fnatic had picked morgana and twitch at the time they picked aatrox). I already stated that I would have much preferd TF on SK than Ziggs, but if lulu hadn't been banned, that would have been a choice aswell. Orianna could have worked quite well aswell, I believe, and would have made some sence with the Aatrox pick. But SK lacked any real follow-up, and that with a comp already lacking engage.   Aatrox... Well, anything would have been better. Trundle is a decent pick in pretty much any situation, and would have been good specifically against Fnatic, to deny their engage and retreat paths. Rengar could have possibly been able to occupy twitch, or even kill him. Renekton would have crushed top, and wouldnt have been any worse in teamfights. Ryze would have been able to destroy Fnatics frontline, while being tanky enough to survive 1st rotation of damage. Yes not good enough range to reach twitch, but still better than Aatrox.   (edit:) Items:   I am unsure what SK could have built for (perhaps) a better game, but Locket (props to yellowstar) seems like a forgotten item. Would really have been a huge bonus for SK since pretty much all the up-front damage was magic (Eve r + q, TF, Shyvana r + e + w) I also believe a suicide build on lucian would have been worth a shot, aiming to throw lucian on twitch in a suicide mission.
1	When I jungle, I often find myself not knowing what to do when my side buffs are down and I'm afraid of the enemy side jungle for whatever reason. Let's say also that none of the lanes look ripe for a gank.  Should I just keep farming up on wolves and wraiths, or try to make something happen in a lane, or try to brave their jungle?
0	Former auto worker here (Lear Corp).  People where having affairs left and right.  The HR director was a complete slut (I almost had a one off with her as well, then thought better and bailed out), major favoritism left and right, up/down... you get the idea.   People were never fired.  Hell my old boss had a documented history of physical aggression towards employees and other directors.  He only got fired after it was undeniably/unquestionably proven that he embezzled the company out of high 5 digits, pulled a smoke screen and blamed his boss, and tried to blame him for everything.   He quit before charges were brought.   So ive been on the other side of HR.
1	Does anyone else have issues logging in? I can't. The same exact thing happened with the initial fantasy league release --- simply couldn't login. I put in my credentials and captcha and the page just refreshes. No login errors, the page just refreshes?
1	What you really need to do is simple and complex at the same time. You need to not just accept but fully understand and incorporate this thought into your subconscious : No matter how you react to people, those people will continue to be who they are.   No matter how detestable some off these assclowns are, you screaming and raging and whatever will do absolutely nothing to them other than likely satisfy the trolls who are trying their hardest to ruin your day.   When you get into a situation where you are going to lose because of players, and realize you are going to lose ELO, thats the point when you need to know that the match you are in is simply that. One small match of many.   You've played enough League of Legends to be able to force yourself to "Know" that the game you are in is just a tiny fraction of your life,whether your gaming life or life in general, and you have really no control over the other 4 players on your team. The only thing to do is move on to the next game, whether that means the next league of legends match, or the next MMO like Guild Wars 2   Being angry just wastes too much time and effort.   Accept on a conscious and subconscious level that raging yields no rewards and you will find yourself in a much more pleasant world.   PS, League of Legends solo queue promotes these bad attitudes. Try joining a team, or taking the notion that league of legends is just a temporary game.
0	K so this thread is huge and this is relevant in more than one comment thread... so I'm just gonna shove this in here and watch it be buried. Yes, as a hivemind /r/atheism can go a bit overboard or be generally obnoxious, overbearing, and intolerant and thats  not right . However, a place where a community can vent such frustrations is quite therapeutic for those of us who had parents/communities which were obnoxious, overbearing, and intolerant towards atheism. I was MAD at religion for a long time and venting on that subreddit helped me keep it away from my loved ones whom I respect and gave me the tools to express my beliefs to them in a rational and prepared manner. For myself, and probably many others, that sub is the one accessible place where atheists congregate. We can be arrogant, and like the rest of you need to be put in our place or corrected every now and again, but usually you will see that voice in the comment threads in the sub its self.
1	Silver is all about learning how to get an advantage over your lane, and how to transfer that success towards other lanes. That 5 kill advantage on your enemy mid laner isn't going to be anything if your bot lane is getting camped by the jungler and constantly giving that Caitlyn a double kill, when silver players get an advantage they are overly aggressive and can easily be baited into their death.
0	Most people will be crazy busy trying to get as good a grades as possible so as to get a better residency and because that's just how they are.  But a small subset will be content just to get by - after all - what do you call the person who graduated last in their medical school class?  "Doctor"   And either way - there is always a little free time.  I knew a few folks who worked - one as a bartender, another reviewing legal cases for a lawfirm, and another who worked for the medical examiner driving out to direct the bagging and what not of the body for ME cases.  So it's plausible that someone would have worked 10 hours a week or so during med school.   However - it is less likely  during residency  because after your 1st year you usually have the opportunity to moonlight which pays pretty well.
0	I hate to have to use the word "refreshing" but it is to see that people have gone trough what I went through about a year and a half ago, but it also continues today. From being abusive, my dog saving my life, him telling me how he planned to kill a girl way back when, that he like the feel of fresh blood running down his arms, to him stalking me, threatening to kill me and my family and he tried to kill himself 3 times (including when he was in jail) he still continues to this day and I do have a retraining order against him. It's a long story and I would like to share it but I'm not sure anyone will read this comment.
1	really funny video love how it goes over the upcoming changes in a humorous way xdD, please do more videos like this reminded me of
1	I was an avid Starcraft player for like the past 10 years, played BW up until I got a beta for SC2 and played it incessantly. The longer I played sc2 however the less I enjoyed it. It's lonely as fuck, I had several people to play team ladder with and it's not very fun. So I would ladder 99% of the time, and although I got to like top masters during my peak it felt like a really hollow achievement. Most of the games were stale, meta rarely changed and consisted of people using the same 2 or 3 builds per matchup. I really feel like Blizzard dropped the ball, they could have had such a big audience, the growth in 2010/11 was insane but they did very little to nurture it and while mechanically it is very challenging, I feel like the casual/'fun side' and even the strategy side of the game is very underwhelming
0	OP, avoiding things that scare you teaches your brain that avoiding fear = reward ( not doing the thing one is afraid of). This teaches your brain to want to avoid any future social interaction and cause you to experience more fear in the future, this is how a phobia is strengthed. It's called operant conditioning/fear conditioning.
0	I am a Microsoft Partner, I have an Action Pack, I have lots of various hardware and am thoroughly familiar with all recent Windows versions. Not to one-up you, but just for context.   I  loathe  windows 8(.1) on regular computers. My dad has a Surface (RT) which is a nice tablet and for which W8 is nice (so I do know it can work well on some machines), but it's complete bullshit on desktops.   Basically, the UI is shit. There are some minor improvements (the file copy dialog and the task manager, for example) but the whole "Metro" thing is complete shit.   The way I use the start menu the most is buy pressing the windows key and typing (which searches). That functionality is much worse in Windows 8(.1) than in 7. It's just completely horrible. The way it obscures my complete desktop is crap. The way I could use a menu-style thing for Administrative Tools and for Control Panel is no longer possible. The defaults are crap (important if you sysadmin lots of machines), gone are useful things like "control panel", "devices and printers", "computer", etc, and instead we have Metro apps for "travel", "stocks", "weather" and completely useless shit.   There is absolutely no scenario in which a full-screen metro app is useful on a desktop pc compared to a reasonably-sized (or even just resizable) regular program. And yet, that's what your default start menu is filled with.   I know all about the microsoft accounts. I have Skydrive on my Win7 machines, which are perfectly capable of syncing files between my Win7 computers, without the need for Win8. Yes, they can sync my Metro app settings, or which Metro apps I bought (zero) but that's completely useless.   If I had a laptop with a touchscreen, I'd still prefer to use my whole screen efficiently, instead of the full-screen metro apps that only make sense on a 7-10 inch tablet.   "Touch" doesn't sell windows 8.  Being a tablet  sells Windows 8. If I have a touchscreen, but also a keyboard and mouse, it's still shit. And if I didn't have a keyboard/mouse, I wouldn't be able to use that machine for which I use my computer (desktop or laptop). For example, can you imagine how long and tedious a process it would have been to type this long comment using a touchscreen?   Sorry for the long rant.   Also, there's the learning curve. For office employees whose time costs money, or for people who don't "play around" with computers as a hobby, why would you want them to relearn basic things like finding programs on your computer, if there's no added benefit to a new system over e.g. Windows 7? If Windows 7 does all you want your machine to do, and does it just as good (if not better) than Windows 8, then leave it the fuck alone. Upgrading just for the sake of having the latest thing does not make sense in the business world.
0	It depends on how low his blood-sugar was before he went into shock.   Very rarely does taking twice the dose of insulin send you into shock. Generally, what happens with too much insulin, you get cold sweats, trembling and shaking.   FUN FACT: I have seen people go into conscious diabetic shock at restaurants, malls, and bars. That's why I keep hard candy in my car. If I see someone going in to shock, I give them a few pieces of candy to raise their blood sugar!
0	To keep it short, I met this particular ex, we'll call her Sam, through a mutual friend. Our mutual friend, "Marty", worked at the restaurant she waitressed for. One night, while I was visiting the establishment with my friend, Nathan, the table we were next to created an obnoxious drunken mess as they left. Napkins and silverware everywhere. As Sam started to clean up the mess, Nathan socked me in the arm and stated that I should help her clean it up. So I did, thinking nothing of it. Cut to a few days later, I had a friend request on Facebook from Sam. She had found me through Marty and Nathan. Anyway, after many dates and more than a few long conversations, she admitted that her initial attraction to me was based on the fact that I had "willingly" helped her clean up the mess on that table next to us.
1	Build order would change depending on opponents you are facing, but I like to build pure tank nasus when I send him top. You don't really need any damage items to function in a teamfight due to the crazy utility his w and e have, the surprising damage from his r, and of course the infinite scaling/shen procs on his q.    When I send him in lane, depending on the match up, I will either start with dorans/pot if I am againts a ranged enemy, cloth/5 against an ad who will dive me early, or flask/ward/pot if I think I can handle them alone (trynd, jax, etc).    Then, pretty much always, on my first back I will buy a kindlegem/glacial shroud depending on lane opponent and money I have, boots if I have enough money, and wards. From then on I build whichever cdr item I got into either a spirit visage or an iceborn gauntlet. Usually get the other after that, then randuin's and game is done. If it manages to drag on for longer, frozen heart is quite good, and a rylai's is lolzy beyond belief. They never expect nasus to be an AOE slow.
0	This. Last week, when DelMarVaPa lost power for a few days, it was hot. Our parents heard up to a week without power, so we went generator searching. After an hour of driving and calling, someone told us that basically all those states were out of generators. My parents made a 5 hour trip to get a generator. It was well worth it, seeing as we just got power back today.
0	As a waitress, this cannot be up voted enough. If you eat out late make sure to check the restaurants hours...and if you do insist on being served five minutes before close...you'd better leave a hell of a tip.
0	Martha Stewart has this problem, too. She'll go thorough 2/3 of the show and I'll think "I could do that" and then, right at the very end, she pulls out some kind of special basket or tangine that can only be ordered for $500 and shipped from Romania, or something like that.
0	It's not a universal truth -- I'm not sure there are very many of those to begin with, but it is a good tool to show 'youngsters' that MONEY IS NOT EVERYTHING.   I've been poor (like most people have at one time or another) and I've earned six figures consistently for many years -- so I do have some perspective on this.   Although I've never made millions of dollars, I can attest that there is some truth to the study.   My experience has been that after you reach a point where your 'basics' are covered (Housing, Transportation, Food, Clothing, etc) everything else is just 'stuff' -- but it can be stuff you want.   You want that expensive car, that comes with expensive maintenance. If you want a nice house you have to put nice furniture in it, etc...so as you make more money and buy more things you end up having more expenses and liabilities which makes you think you need to make more money...it can be a never-ending cycle.   The study essentially says that once your needs are taken care of, additional income doesn't come with additional happiness -- I think u/consonantcrisis explains it pretty well - there is a definite drop-off between income/happiness once you reach a certain point.   I know many people will scold me for saying this, but if more people had less concern about money I think this world might be a whole lot better.
1	In normals you can play whatever you want but in ranked you better not be fp'ing that shaco or picking him into their tanky/aoe team. That is tantamount intentional feeding as your pick has made every teamfight a 4v5. Ranked is about winning and if you are not picking the champ that gives you the greatest chance to win you are doing it wrong.
0	Rented a house with one my closest friends/cousin (she's in her mid 20's) and her husband. Found out they couldn't actually make the rent, were lazy entitled assholes, and best of all she was actually a toxic-psycho-bitch that made my life hell.   She started threatening to kill herself to get her way and throwing tantrums. I said I wanted to end the living arrangement. They still wanted to live there, so I offered to help them find new roommates. They realized other people wouldn't be as generous as me with the rent and insisted that I take over the entire lease myself. I obliged.   After that she set out to hurt me as much as she possibly could, lied to friends and family, and claimed they were kicked out and left homeless. I lost relationships with her family that I had had my whole life and lost thousands of dollars trying to finish out the lease on my own while trying to sell the lease to new tenants.   Lived the next few months with near-constant anxiety over the whole ordeal.
1	I was laning against a Talon, and at one point during a gank he used his rake from the bush. The little flash of light at the beginning of rake somehow glitched in the bush, and from then on there was a flashing light in one of my river bushes and all of his rakes were pretty much invisible.
1	pretty much, this was today on /r/soccer and it was great fun but here? everyone knows what the op meant and it's just not fun.   For example it goes like this   Plays extremely well one champion and is god-like when locks it in also known for holding the team back.   andddd the answer is Wickd obviously and if you say
1	I had two people diving me at my tower when I was at ~100 health as Tryndamere, level 5. I juked around the tower and got 1 of them killed. The kill leveled me up to 6, I ulted right as I was about to die, and I ended up killing the second one (with the help of the double kill) for the amazing juke level up.
1	There would be so much more backlash if they did that. Scores of people crying "omg roti pls i bout krama b4 rewrok releesed, skin pls y u no give me free skin". Some of these would be legitimate (i.e. someone planned on buying Karma anyway), but would mostly be people bitching about not getting something for free.   As it is, tons of people get the free skin and are happy but there are a few people like the OP who feel like they got thrown under the bus. I can totally understand and don't personally mind how they decide to distribute the skin (I would be getting it either way), but you have to look at it from Riot's perspective. One way gives a free skin to tons of people for cheap (1350 IP plus Karma herself) but leaves a very small number of people upset. The other rewards a small number of devoted fans but leaves many more complaining how Riot is the worst company since EA, they feel entitled to a gift they don't deserve, et cetera. Overall, it's better to please the masses and that's exactly what Riot's doing. The extra sales of Karma in the next week or two won't hurt, either.
0	Back in high school one of my friends who was a junior at the time was dating a girl named Katie. They didn't know eachother much before they started dating, it was just a few mutual friends that ended up to their meeting. So naturally he didn't know all that much about her, especially that she only had 3 fingers on her right hand. She normally wore long sleeves and hoodies to kind of hide it even though most knew about it. My friend however, did not. So he's telling me how things are going, they were getting sort of serious I guess, being all sexual and stuff. We were all unaware that he had no idea of her deformity, we all thought he would have found out from all of the sexual stories he had for us. So naturally we asked how the 3 finger hand jobs were opposed to the normal 5. He looked at us with this confused stare. He had no idea she was missing 2 fingers on her right hand. She somehow kept it from him for about a month and a half. Once we described his situation to him he walked over to her and demanded to see her hand. She hesitated but then pulled up her sleeve, exposing the three fingered hand. My friend avoided her forever after that, and they eventually drifted apart. He gave her a nick name though, "Katie Eighty" (not eighty as in 80, but as in 8 fingers since it rhymed with her name). We all laughed about it. Still do.
1	Today I had those rare moments where my entire team (including me) got completely smashed early game.  We were blue side and every time the enemy Sejuani ganked a lane, she picked up a kill.  It was pure terror.  By the time the laning phase was over we'd already lost all of our outer towers and the second tower mid and bottom (blue side), with the enemy Ahri at around 14-15 kills and 2 deaths from repeated ganks and roaming.  We were convincingly losing.  We didn't take a single outer tower of theirs.  The enemy Ahri was so ahead in kills that she was spamming random things in all chat.  Luckily no one on my team started a surrender vote.   Eventually we caught one of them out of position by the wraith bush near mid lane which snowballed into a team fight which resulted in our team going even with theirs.  This one little fight with us going even, even though we were really behind, really boosted our morale and gave us the confidence needed to win the game.  We eventually took a free dragon, rushed the mid tower after noticing a few of them in the side lanes and started our comeback.  We ended up just completely rushing and pushing towers extremely hard, getting their mid inhib before rushing to push down the second top tower.  Since we had warded baron super well and made sure they had no wards there, we ended up baiting a baron and catching one of them out giving us a free baron which pretty much decided the game at that point.   Then came the "report so and so for sucking" comments from the all chat, and the very so disappointed Ahri with the insane amount of kills.  But yeah, it felt great to win that game.  Goes to show what not giving up can do.   Morale of the story, lower elo people shouldn't give up so easily.   Also this was a Silver 1 game.  Which I admit to be low elo lol. Q_Q
0	If she doesn't say 'yes', there is obviously a reason.   Which could be one of many possible explanations.   One of which is that fear I know people all too well, and I will be at the center of a conversation analyzing my inability to read into social interactions or leagues for that matter. Or quite possibly even something really stupid and trivial.   And so the chain of gossip continues among women, and my reputation continues to proceed me, I guess this is my natural selection when it comes to dating.  If any woman is  desperate enough  smart enough to see through the social conjecture. Aaah who am I kidding, I am not attractive or outgoing enough for that. My only avenue is potentially through the friend zone, every man has at least some sort of sense of humour, and women generally respond well with people that make the comfortable and happy.   Why can't girls ask men out, it's not like we have made a decision beyond weather we'd  fuck   make sweet love to  you or not anyway. Besides if I made up my mind that fast you'd just fuck around with my narrow minded attention anyway. So how about you all just realize it's easier to engage men first, without formalizing relationships upon its beginnings. Friend zone the fuck out of us, and force us to understand what you are about. Because I am sure as hell not going to learn from my small relationship sample size. Also the ones I have had are varying samples, which is probably good for my cause. I still don't know what the fuck I am doing though.
0	Just my 2 cents ... Both my sons have almost choked my 14yrs old swallowed a penny when he was 4 or 5. He comes into my room turning blue .. My wife panics and starts screaming! I calmly grabbed him and covered his mouth and nose with my mouth and blew a big breath so I could expand his lungs, ( if you try to stick your finger in there mouth you could cause more damage and might get the object stuck or cut them) he swallowed the penny... My youngest son did the same thing a couple years later my wife didnt panic this time she handled it like a pro... My 3 sons all know CPR now, I have watched my sons give each other the Heimlich
1	I've tried to make it work and just can't, who knows maybe I'm just a bad Tristana.   But I used to main Tristana, she's the champion I first got gold in (when elo was still a visible number). Perhaps I'm just resistant to change, I hated the new Corki (same story) but I love him again and think he's great (also lackluster win rate like Trist).
0	Institutional education =/= intelligence. And while I can see how through the actions of some of the more popular actors and actresses you may think that the "average" thespian is unintelligent, I don't agree with your overarching statement. It's much more than reading lines and reacting to it, especially when it comes to theater(as opposed to film acting). I have seen a ton of work acted out by many people with whom I can have an intelligent debate. Many jobs don't require much "intelligence" (whatever you classify that as) but that doesn't mean the person performing the job isn't.
0	Dogs, like people, are surprisingly versatile. Furthermore, their life is given purpose  and  the find happiness in being with their master.   Even just with a basic understanding of canine behavior and emotional patterns, it's obvious that a dog with a homeless man would probably love it's life far more than a dog who lives in a home in which his master leaves for work/fun/errands.   As for shit food? Dogs are predatory scavengers, not legit hunting carnivores. A dog could live to an average lifespan with average health literally eating partially rotted food (garbage), small animals, and feces.
1	I'll respond to your points in order:   1 - Yes, you are correct that the main supports have heal (Soraka, Sona, Ali, Taric); however, there are also games with non sustain supports being played (Janna, Leona, Blitz, Yorick to name a few).   2 & 3 - I'm not 100% sure about this as I have not tested it myself, but I have been told that the lifesteal does not depend on the creeps health, but on the amount that you did. So if you do 80 dmg to a 2hp creep you get lifesteal on the 80 dmg and not the 2 that it would have taken to kill the creep. I could be entirely wrong on that point though.   Flat AD definitely does help you last hit, but if you are skilled enough a 7.5 AD bonus helps but is not a huge factor.   As for armor pen, 3 armor pen quints give an extra 10%, meaning with armor pen reds giving 15%, and 10% from masteries you have 35% at level 1. Most AD carries have a base attack damage of about 47 and base armor around 13. At level 1, with ArPen Quints the enemy has approx 8.5 armor, without they have ~10. This effectively makes no difference on damage(42 vs. 43). Obviously this doesn't mean much at low levels, but we'll extrapolate to a hypothetical. AD carry has 150 attack damage with 50 armor (say they built wriggles or something). ArPen Quints shred armor down to 32.5, without enemy has 37.5 armor. This translates to 113 damage with arpen quints and 109 damage without. This really doesn't make much difference at all. Hopefully I did the math correctly :3   The point I was trying to make mostly was that you can use these runes and not have to worry about buying a vamp scepter for sustain. I don't always build bloodthirster and opt more for IE instead and that delays my build by 450 if I need the vamp scepter to sustain in lane. Sure if you build BT always then lifesteal runes are not worth it, but if you don't build BT then you delay your build.
1	she's an all-in melee in a poke oriented game: it's likely she won't reach level 3 until the enemy lane has already taken her tower and gone on a mad killing spree. Ali has much more reliable CC plus a spammable heal, whereas Leona is single target until 6 and just self-damage-reduction.
1	I was in this position less than a month ago.  I've noticed at this ELO (may be similar in other elo's as well -- i wouldnt know) whichever team keeps their composure best wins.  I've played so many games where all of our lanes were rolling and we lost because one angry person started raging, we got mad, and the other team calmly killed us off while we fought amongst ourselves.  Try to be positive about everything in game.  Top gave first blood?  Say nothing or commend him on the effort, say its bad luck, lie out your ass if you have to but don't put him down more than he already is.  Also, warding for more than just yourself (i.e. ward their jungle as well as your lane) goes a lot further than you might think towards winning.
1	Faker was the most impressive player in mid position in 2013. If you DID watch all his plays in the most competitive league in the world, you cannot help choosing him the best mid player in the world 2013 ~ mid 2014.   Even though Pawn took his place after mid-2014, the best mid in the world position, he still remains as a Legend himself. I believe he and SKT will be back in S5 Worlds.   The KR playoffs are a terrible example to analyze; Faker had no choice but to make overly aggressive for a slim of a chance to win any game against White. And of course White knows that, so hello Dandy camps. SKT T1 K was dragging Faker down so much that the entire burden of carrying was placed on him and Bengi does nothing at all to relieve that pressure so Faker, in essence, dies in his desperate efforts to do something about his team. There is no player that can really rival Faker right now. Not dade, not Pawn, not Mata, not Rookie, not KaKAO. The combination of his insanely large champion pool, his incredible mechanical proficiency on every one of them, his overall game knowledge and playmaking/decision-making ability (provided he is not in a team such as SKT T1 K that was on a pathetically horrible tilt and downward spiral into irrelevance during the later stages of Summer) makes him just an entire tier above. Dade has his playmaking strengths and his proficiency on select champions, but lacks the ability to fully adapt to some meta picks (such as Orianna) nor does he have a very large champion pool. Pawn adapts to meta picks and has a decent champion pool but lacks the overall playmaking ability nor the same high-level mechanical proficiency on every single champion he can play.   SKT T1 K is just so pathetically weak right now (well, they just released Pooh and Piglet and I think they should/will kick Bengi but we'll see) and Faker has to carry them so hard (Impact can only do so much with Faker and a jungler like Bengi). If you actually pay attention, Faker was actually almost single handedly carrying his team in S3 Worlds as well. It's just that back then assassin champions were the shiz (plus Gragas and Ori), and he had an easy time ripping through a team with those champions. Now, it's a lot harder with a lot more focus on utility mids like Lulu, Zilean, and non-aggressive mids like Ziggs. When he does get on an assassin everyone camps him while Bengi does absolutely nothing on the map elsewhere. Yes they did try to camp Faker in S3 too but 1) Faker's teammates were still somewhat stronger back then compared to now so other teams still have to shift their focus to other lanes sometimes, 2) even though assassins are making a semi-comeback they still are a lot weaker in the laning phase due to the surge of long-range harass champions and increased jungler impact (while, of course, as mentioned, Bengi does nothing to counteract people like Dandy).
0	If the foundation is named after a minor Christian deity, you'd think it would be able to get funding from their (extremely wealthy) parent organization.   The sale one one Bernini statue would fund St. Jude in perpetuity, but what does the Catholic Church do? They hold onto their Renaissance artwork, as a testament to its former power...
1	Generally the wiki is fairly reliable, especially when it comes to testable facts (a champion's starting mana, the effects of a certain talent, the scaling ratio of a skill, etc).  I would say that unless you have a reason to assume otherwise, its pretty safe to assume the wiki is correct.   It  is  however, community run.  This means that things can be changed/trolled, mistakes can be made, and information may not be updated.  Generally things are updated within a few days of their release though, and the wiki is fairly good about policing troll changes.  The cool thing about an open project like a wiki is that the more people who participate, the better the wiki becomes.  If you feel that some information is wrong or out of date, then test it in game.  If it is wrong, go ahead and contribute - the whole community will benefit if you do =D
1	That's a pretty good
0	This may sound silly, but thank you. You give me hope for my future.   I'm 25, and surrounded by people who either are having kids or getting married. They keep telling me about all the horrible things that could happen to the child the older you get, and you're "statistically" likely to have a healthier child if you have one in your 20s or 30s.   While I don't want to be a dad now, I would like to be a dad someday, but realistically, I don't think I would be able to handle it until I'm 40.
1	I can't really see Poppy being reworked and still be the same... If they change something in her kit they need to change everything.   It would just feel wrong to play Poppy and it doesn't fit together.
1	Ok are you guys actually serious in saying he talks too much?  People troll 10 times harder then this, and I think it's funny personally.  Ok yeah I get people who troll and suck, but this guy isn't a toxic player.  Since when was it smart or efficient to be anti-social in league?  Especially when /all chat is bumping with hilarious jokes.  The point of the game is to have fun, and if you lose focus because other people are typing in chat... bad player is bad.
0	The reason people want to prove the other side wrong is that other side doesn't understand how their position affects other people.  If someone like a politician or a celebrity starts talking about net neutrality is unnecessary, people directly affected don't start saying "ok, it's good that you have an opinion".   But even that's not a good example because in that scenario the person with the opinion will be impacted the same way everyone else is.  With things like gay marriage and racism, the people with these "ok opinions" aren't affected negatively by the "ok opinions".  If a straight person is against gay marriage, they come out on top no matter what because either way they don't lose out on any privilege.  The loser is the gay people who want to get married.  This applies with racism too, which historically in this country has been in favor of whites.
0	This is the trick right here.  Don't look for a girlfriend, look for friends.  Movies make it look like you're gonna just run into the girl out jogging or something, but in real life you meet a girlfriend trough other friends.  Sitting here right now I can't think of a single relationship where the people started dating without being introduced by somebody that was a mutual friend.  More friends = more chances.
0	Such a kind soul. I'm more of an upvote things I haven't seen before or find interesting and downvote all the stuff I've seen before or don't.   This applies to 8 hours later when my upvote turns into a downvote because something popular I upvoted on the frontpage still sits at the top. Even going to smaller subreddits when people give free upvotes or the users don't downvote bad content because they don't want to hurt the subreddit.   Then again, I'm not quite addicted enough to spend my time on /r/new either so when I check reddit again hours later I'm wading through half the same content and an orange or blue arrow helps me browse all that much easier.
1	I just read the rules, they say nothing about the match starting within 30 minutes, they simply say 30 minutes to contact, the screenshot shows him replying the 2nd text right away (he could have missed the first it it was while loading the match).   In fact the rules to say: Unfair play:   The following actions will be considered unfair play:    5) Unsportsmanlike or disruptive behavior such as inappropriate and/or unprofessional actions directed towards another player or tournament official.   It can trivially be argued that OP is the only person who broke the rules.
1	It doesn't cost them anything, it just might theoretically prevent them from earning something. But it seems more likely that people end up encouraged to spend some money, when they feel like they are treated right. Or get hooked on the whole IP boost thing, because it accelerates getting runes so much.
1	If anyone is paying attention, before the cut at [2:11]( Soraka's model is walking. Probably because she has no boots. After the cut, she's lvl7 which means she probably has boots at that point and you can see her model "jogging" or "running" instead of walking.
1	Well both champions essentially became click and point champions once they got fed.  The only difference was that AP Yi relied heavily upon his team to deal enough damage for him to get the resets.  AD Yi on the other hand relied on his team to be tanky enough to take the damage and for the enemy team to not be tanky enough.
0	Not being a quick guy it took me some time to learn that option 1 and option 2 are really one and the same thing.   Once that happened I could go through the five stages of grief (denial, anger, depression, bargaining and acceptance) and subsequently find an acceptable solution to my amorous problems.
1	I mean that I shared account with my fiance. Only with him. I got warned, then only I used this account when I got it back. Yet they banned account because I broke this rule AGAIN when i DID NOT.   By unaware I mean that I did't know that sharing account with my fiance is prohibited. I am not this deep in LoL and its term of use.   Multiple people means at least me, my fiance, and one or 2 persons - that depends if account was bought or not   I use McAfee.
0	Your word is gold, otherwise it's garbage." In other words, if you make a threat/punishment, you damn well better follow through or else your kids will not respect your authority. If you threaten a time out, give them a time out. Learn to only give consequences that you're prepared to follow through with.
0	they were actually real (good) friends.   BUT CHUCK NORRIS LOLOOLOLOLOL IM15ANDLOLIKNOWFUNNY
1	They could make it so dragons give a team stacking buff that only your team can see. The buff would make it so lets say dragon gives X% more gold for every stack you have( It would cap at 5 lets say). And to stop the anti snowball of this, riot could make it so if the enemy team secures a dragon your team loses all of the stacks you had generated up till this point. The buff would only disappear once your team had vision of the dragon pit, otherwise that would be a free timer if you were paying attention. This would make it worth it for teams that are behind to attempt dragon fights. It would also make it worth it for teams to lose lane pressure or lane control to go for their 2nd or 3rd dragon.
1	Quinn's isn't really random (anything at anytime can happen), it is simply a set of rules like those funny diagrams that ask questions and depending on the answer you advance or go back.   However any information or methodology has not been released about Zac, even more if there is a formula at all and it may truly random. Regardless of random or not it has already been discussed and reached subninja.   So then this discussion turns into unsatisfying play, but considering Quinn who is a released champion has similar "if/then" commands as does heimers turrets, or interaction of GA/ZIlean/Yorick, and by the other many comments of other players about her passive it seems to have little application. Zac is a PBE champion that is still a work in progress, so understandably this would be good for PBE discussion, but it isn't practical considering his final iteration that will hit live isn't even out yetXD.
0	You do know what the correct way to make chicken stock (or any stock for that matter) is to boil the bones with water once, then throw away that first stock, right? And then you boil the second stock, pour water and boil the bones. Then you have the right kind of stock.
1	Listen, I hear ya. My MMR was pretty crap at the end of last season with similar gains and losses you have. You gotta just wait until your placement matches your mmr. In the mean time, stop looking at a LP gains and losses. It's gonna drive you crazy. Focus on improvement from game to game instead. If you die a lot, focus on dying at least one fewer time each game. If you don't roam enough, focus on finding times to roam. Eventually, you'll hit a win streak and your mmr will start to be normal and you'll gain lp and ranks.
1	I agree, and feel like TRM...may or may not get a lot of unnecessary hate on Reddit a lot of the time (not that everyone doesn't, but still). He wears his emotions on his sleeve like a lot of people do, Oce is a good example, and is another of the players either loved of hated on a every other day basis.   Being emotional isn't always a bad thing either, and there are people like that in every part of life. NBA fans either else love or hate Kevin Garnett, a very vocal emotional player who is generally liked by everyone on his team...and not so much by his opponents. But he has won a MVP and lead teams to titles regardless.
1	Silver bolts at 2 is invariably a bad decision. It is the first sign that I am about to win lane if I'm not already which I probably am because my opponent has no idea what they are doing.   |   Silver bolts requires 3 autoattacks to trigger, or 2 auto attacks and a condemn (condemn triggers silver bolts).   |   For last hitting it is entirely useless, if you are for some reason heavily pushing lane at level 2 perhaps for life steal you almost never trigger a third silver bolt for a cs, more often that not it will die before that or on a third auto anyway or the silver damage will make you mistime the cs.   |   For trading it requires that you auto 3 times if you don't have condemn. With Vayne and tumble this requires at least 3 seconds of auto attacking. If your lane opponent let's you do this they are just god awful, almost every level 2 ADC will do considerably more in a 3 second period than Vayne, it also heavily opens up the option of eating CC from the enemy support, and a lot of minion damage. All of this so that she can deal an amazing 20 + 4% of maximum hp in true damage. Which comes out to about ^(drum roll please)  45 true damage. Condemn does about 50 non true damage so if you don't land the stun you've done a whoping 5-10 extra damage than if you'd just condemned them away. Additionally condemn can stun and do double damage, increasing the total damage done over silver bolts by a lot and stunning the opponent for further damage, additionally condemn can allow a safer trade if for some reason you want to all in at level 2 as vayne condemn can allow you to disengage the enemy support and escape unharmed. Additionally condemn provides considerable safety in lane. Additionally condemn can ruin a jungle gank. Additionally condemn + tumble into a stun is a more likely trade than 3 autos and safer and more devestating. Silver bolts is an endgame skill, a good vayne usually takes it at level 4 and when they do that's when I become worried.
1	You said it wouldn't improve your experience, while with some short logical thinking you can derive it would be.  Hence my post, because i don't like people making arguments to be annoying.   And now you don't even understand about what I was talking.   I didn't say anything about priorities.  But since I rarely have ping issues I don't care for that.  So yes, personally I think there are higher priorities that would suit my needs better.   That doesn't mean other people could use it to improve their experience.
0	My wedding was back in September, and it was great. We're in the process of buying a house now, and it's not as great.
1	1.) Who the fuck cares? Get a new fucking name then you whiny little bitch. If someone took my name ( or hell if the government randomly said that I cannot have my IRL name anymore ) I would just change it. What the fuck is the big deal?   2.) Violating the TOS and then acting like you've only done it  sometimes  and it shouldn't be a big problem is so fucking ridiculous. I guarantee that you do it almost anytime someone asks you.
1	No "unplayable" problems. I use the windows client at my dad's house and mac client at my mom's house (mom's internet is a little worse, but there's seven people at dad's, so they're pretty even in terms of connection).   Loading times are easily 2-3x longer than on windows client, and there's still the couple second freeze upon death. My record was 7 seconds frozen on sion; I missed my whole passive :(   edit: I was reminded of the time I loaded in ten minutes late to my own custom game.
0	I personally saw this. I was having coffee at a local police station (I'm an EMT) and the cops got a call come in that somewhere on the highway someone had called in that they were being followed and were being run off the road.   The cops didn't do anything - they said they couldn't really, because how on earth are they going to know where on 100km of highway to start. I kinda felt their lack of doing anything was kinda shitty, but I see their point.
0	Pickup line: If I flip a coin, what are the chances of me getting head?   Follow up (if the answer is "none"): So it's a 100% chance of me getting tail?   In one of my classes there is this awkward Indian kid. He has a super-calculator that the teacher doesn't let him use on tests and he is our school's hallway runner. During our free time in the class, we like to play Uno, but we don't let him play unless he uses the pickup line above on a cute blonde girl in our class. After reluctantly watching us play Uno for a whole semester, one day while the girl is gone, he decides to practice on another girl (whom he apparently decides is not as risky). But in the excitement, he jumbles up a couple words and what comes out is: "If I flip a coin, will you give me head?" Needless to say, that is my pickup line from now on.
0	The forces at play are much larger then all that.  Essentially, industrialized nations get to a steady population where there is essentially zero growth.  What needs to be looked at is basic human psychology and, I believe, Maslow's hierarchy of needs.  Humans that don't have their basic needs met go into "survival" mode where they're much more instinctual and where higher level thought is often not even possible.  Humans in this survival mode will have as many kids as possible.  This is often hard for us to make sense of because it doesn't make sense to us that poorer people would have more kids while richer people who could actually afford to have more kids don't.  Add to this that less evolved areas of the world are much more likely to force people to have kids often through religion - think of a lot of Catholicism thats still around that forces people to have kids - no contraception, no gay people allowed so they have to have kids to cover being gay etc. etc.
0	No, I don't. I think the cost of health care is a bit stupid. Having kids was one of the best decisions I've ever made in my life. I think the fact that two parents can work hard and make their employers a ton of money, yet still can't afford something as basic as health care is the problem. Employers who expect loyalty, and employees who care about the financial well being of a company, while they don't give a damn about the financial well being of their employees are the problem.   I can provide food and clothes and shelter and even a few extra luxuries for my children, but I can't do any of that while paying 63% of my income to a health insurance company. You think the solution to the problem is for people to stop having kids until they can afford the insanely  inflated cost of living on ridiculously low wages, but it's not. Nobody in their right mind is going to plan their family around government policies that were written for and by rich people.   If you are worried about your tax dollars going to pay for welfare then maybe you should be fighting for higher wages or higher taxes for employers that don't pay enough to keep their employees off welfare.
0	THIS IS SHIT!!!! OMG LOL COSTCO IS A SHITY PLAEC 2 WORK!11111 OMG WTF COSTCO IS A TYPICAL SHITY RETALEAR LIEK WALMART TAHT CHOS3S 2 HIER AN ARMY OF PART TIEM TENAEGRS INST3AD OF FAWER FUL TIEM POSITIONS SO IT CAN AVOID PAYNG FOR THNGS LIEK VACATION!!1111! IT IS 3XCEDNGLY RAER TAHT IT PROMOT3S ANYONA FROM PART TIEM 2 FUL TIEM REGARDLAS OF HOW GOD AN EMPLOYE TH3Y AER111!1 OMG WTF P3OPLA AT COSTCO TAHT MAEK 17 AN HOUR(TH3Y R NOT TEH MAJORITY CONTRARY 2 WT OP SAYS AND HAEV BAN THEIR FOR OV3R A D3CAED 2 GAT TAHT PAY) GAT AROUND 10-15 HOURS A WEK!1!1!1! OMG WTF ADITIONALY LIEK MOST OTH3R SHITY JOBS TH3Y TEND 2 RAGULARLY HAEV SADE PART TIEMRS WORK UNTIL 130PM AT NIGHT AND TH3N HAEV TH3M CLOK IN AT WORK AT 6M TEH NAXT MORNNG11!1!1 FINALY TURNOV3R RAET AT COSTCO IS VERY HIGH1!11 OMG WTF LOL
1	The only thing I'm damaging is his shitty ego if he wants to give to charity he will either way, if he wants to reach higher elo he'll simply name change and not stream. The only reason he gives to charity is so he gets out of that shit storm he's in, so he has a way to excuse himself so people at least feel sorry for him.   If I told you that I've given to charity will it make either of my points more valid?
1	I think what people do not get is how toxicity works and how it comes about.   This whole comment is only tackling the problem of people defending unconventional picks with strangers as something that is not toxic at all.   First off, i would like to say that we have all been thinking very selfishly in term of Player Toxicity. Many of us tend to feel that others are toxic in their speech/actions towards us when we do not"deserve"it. An example would be doing unconventional stuff with random strangers in a team.   People all tend to defend this as"Everyone is a beginner once etc"and do not see the problem nor see this as being toxic in the first place.This is where i would like to tackle the problem.Doing something unconventional with people you do not know when you are supposed to IS toxic.   Why is it toxic?   Think of your team as your family.  Imagine they ask you not to go to the casino,but you still want to go. You would probably defend it with something like"Its fun,I will win etc"when you know that the chances of you losing money is really high. Yea,its fun for you,but your family have to tolerate with you anyhow spending money and making you upset,and this is already with people you know. Its toxic to the family but you would think that it is not toxic to you as it does not really affect you directly. Why would they not have the reason to leave you,ban you from the casino,take actions against you? Heck they even have reasons to verbally abuse you,its what most families would think is okay since the fault is with the person who likes to go to the casino and lose alot of hard earned money.   The only exception i could say is those people who have planned out their casino trip,knows what to do to win AND actually bring home money won or drawing even with what they have brought to the casino.Those type of people are those whose families can trust with the money they bring to the casino.
0	Have insomnia? Maybe you should work 3rd shift... Always fucking tired when working 3rd shift. Fucking hate my life. What? You have medical  appointments, have friends and family? No, you don't have a choice unless you call in and sleep at night and ruin whatever hell of a sleep schedule you might have had... You know... The 4 or 5 hours you normally get because you have shit to do during regular business or store hours. The sun being up and knowing it's a beautiful day outside, not eating properly because you have to drink 4 cups of coffee just to stay awake at work that doesn't pay enough to cover the stress produced by working with a bunch of condescending IT assholes. Yeah, I work IT 3rd shift and you should come work there. I get a referral bonus if u get hired and I guarantee that after a couple days you'll be tired enough to crash, even with distractions. Fuck I want a new job... Anybody in Houston hiring? :( 2yrs IT exp... All I ask for is 40k+ salary, the more the better. But I have a herniated disc and can't walk, sit or do anything without severe pain so I might be kind of useless. :( thanks...
0	The guy is lying- she didn't admit that to him, look at his post history- this is what she actually said "So after a day of hanging out yesterday with her and her room mates around town, at the end of the night I decided to ask her if everything was okay and that I'd noticed some distance between us and she said she felt it too and the bad part was it didn't bother her. She said she didn't know what she wanted and that she doesn't know if she wants to be in a relationship. She said that she was getting over some personal issues(through therapy) and that she really wanted to focus on herself right now and be selfish.  We talked for a couple hours, it started out as we should take it slower and give each other some space for a few days to think about it to her saying that you can't go back from a conversation like this and that we should break up.  She said things like it sucks ending a relationship with so many positives, that we had so much fun together and that she wants me to be a part of her life.   I don't know what to do, I really care about this girl and it seems like it just happened so quickly.  Should I consider this over? Or should I just give her some space and see if she changes her mind and that its just a phase we're going through and that you can come back from a conversation like this?   Thank you for taking the time to read this and any advice or perspective you may have.
1	HEY LOOK I FIXED IT.   Can we shut the fuck up about it now?  How is the addition of "+plain" onto a URL so difficult that we have to make lots of posts with a million comments about it?  As a user of RES I have barely noticed the changes.  I don't know if RES makes the difference or if you guys are just super whiny, but it's seriously not that bad.  I miss the lines that connect comments to their parents, but my eyes are capable of figuring out based upon the indentation of the comment.   Maybe the changes suck, but they've made a post saying they are trying to fix it up so it's less buggy/crappy or whatever.  We're so spoiled that we can't just type "+plain" at the end of a URL for a few days?  What the fuck, guys.
0	I completely understand what you're saying. In college, I used to work at a food court and there was this one obese/overweight 'person' who would at the cash register, which was near the coffee machine where I used to be. I swear to go when I first met this person, I was so awkward and he/she had short hair but since she was also obese had (man)boobs.   So I used to do exactly that, a lot! Whenever I'd come in to start my shift, I'd be like (This person even had a unisex name) "Hey!!!, how's it goin? blah blah", "Dude, you should totally go for that.. blah blah".. (One can use dude while addressing both male & females in collge I suppose).   It was funnier when one of my co-workers during one of the shifts noticed my awkwardness and one in the locker room she came up and kinda acknowledged the situation and how even she doesn't know if its a guy or a girl. hah!
0	I'm  incredibly  biased, but it wasn't a debate. You basically had Nye talking science referring to evidence and Ham pointing to and referencing the Bible for near every answer. Nye focused on why science is important to education and keeping America ahead. Ham genuinely scared me that not only are there such people in the world, but that they have clout.
0	This enrages me to the point of nearly getting me killed. I was driving in Los Angeles, down the 5, close to the 134 merge. I needed to get on the 134, and started a merge, but an Astrovan driven by an Armenian guy accelerated into me to close the gap. I had already made it about halfway into the lane, so I had to swerve out. This totally enraged me, so (being from New Jersey), I did what had to be done. I flipped the guy off and waited for him to pass me so I could merge behind him. Thankfully, I was so angry that I decided to go for the second flip off as he was passing, because right when he entered my blind spot, he swerved his car into me. I had to make the snap decision to swerve into the lane to the left of me, without looking, to avoid collision. Thankfully, nobody was there. The guy then pulled ahead of me, and I could see him cursing and screaming at me, and tried to merge into me again. This time, I broke, and let him get in front of me. He then slowed to 25 mph on the fucking 5 freeway, and was swerving all over the road to block me from passing him. For those of you not from LA, the average speed on the 5 is about 85 mph, and he was going 25. Finally, we got to the 134 merge, and I managed to get onto the other freeway without him. I wrote the guy's plates down, and called CHP, but they basically laughed it off. The weirdest part of the whole thing was the guy had like a family of six in the car with him. I could see his wife screaming at him to stop, as he tried to kill me.
0	Why did I read these comments? Do I like seeing morons shout about things while they don't have any idea what they are talking about? In America, if you don't like not being paid extra to work a job you agreed to work, then you can quit. People probably want that job more than you and would be willing to work for normal pay. If you aren't getting extra pay then you probably have a crappy job anyways, which is more than some people can say.
1	With due respect to the mods, I think there is substantial inconsistency with what's allowed on the subreddit.  Gaming house tours are no good, but things like player tweets, facebook posts, PSAs that we've heard for the umpteenth time, random images or gifs of Snoopeh's stare, etc.  I don't mean to suggest that these things shouldn't be on the subreddit; I think they should.  But for many of them, I think they have the same sort of irrelevance to the game that some seem to think gaming house tours do.
0	Alright. We need to make a distinction. There is pure water, which is tasteless (H2O, as in the pure chemical). There is bottled water, which has controlled impurities. There is tap water, which is controlled, but differ from system to system. Pipe conditions, length of travel, water standards, and many other things affect this. Then there is spring water which filters itself of many non-desired impurities, but is never 100% safe, given that there is very little control in the process. People need to state which water they are talking about, because there is a lots of confusing statements in this thread.
1	When you say right or wrong, what do you mean?  "Reddit knew that the jungle was shit all along!! " Take that rito!! or...  "The kassadin nerfs were too hard. " like you dont need to think much to conclude those things, just by playing and feeling the game you will notice that something is off, but the 'solutions' are dumb as fuck most of the time because of said riot pls posts. Also, assigning that the entire reddit community "was right" or "was wrong" is kinda pointless and doesnt make much sense, there's too many people here.   So, It's not about being right or wrong, it's about those stupid riot pls posts disguised in a 'le dank game designer' outfit, thinking just putting some fucking random damage will 'put x in a good spot!"   "Riot pls could u give zac %hp dmg"  or stupid comparisons to justify their riot plssness  "rito pls buff elise dmg on monsters why she does low dmg if fizz does high dmg? ap lee song is so strong why cant she be like him?"  ,   "rito pls put bonus atksped in nautilus when his pasive is donw!! nautilus so low atksped why cant he be liek olaf god clear speed so mybe he cn be god in the jungle . nautilus ned some love to!!"   Finalizing, there are rare, but good threads/comments bringing good POINTS (Examples from gilded tab : 1  , argumentating and providing a balance solution that sometimes isnt the best nor what riot is thinking that they will do in their game but at least the post is meant to discuss game balance with good ideas in mind and trying to identify x champion problems and solve them while making it healthy to the game, like what would riot do and if they did something bad, why it didnt work etc, instead of a riot pls thread of why every bottom 10 winrate% champion needs a spell that deals hp damage, heals in AOE and gives them bonus atkspeed when on cooldown, while dealing bonus damage monsters health uncapped.
1	Simple solution to TwitchTV's crappy website  *   There is a simple solution for this, TwitchTV is the gaming redirect for JustinTV, go to  and sign up there, then go to their games section at  , find what you are looking for there, and it will redirect to TwitchTV without you having to deal with their shit website.
1	Now I'm way out of my depth on this, But I imagine 2 champions (possibly yordles?), lets call them yin and yang because I'm not imaginative. One champion has absolutely 0 offensive capabilities, all 3 skills being for supporting the other has absolutely 0 defensive abilities, being an all out champ similar to velkoz minus the slow/knockup. Im thinking the support could have a skill that could be a highish cooldown stun if used on enemies and a heal if used on teammates. Then maybe they both have a skill where they can use something similar to nasus's spirit fire on the ground each with their corresponding symbol. yin (black) does damage while yang (white) blinds. when used on top of each other it could root for 3 seconds. Their ult could be to combine into a big grey champion who dishes out some serious carnage (each skill being as strong or impactful as the average ult and r giving movespeed boost so it doesnt get kited TOO hard) I'd say it lasts 8 seconds and when one skill is used the rest go on cooldown for 2 seconds so as to not 2v5 and be op. and when the ult duration is done, both champions could blow up and maybe get -10 seconds off their death timers as a trade off of sorts because a suicide skill that kills 2 players could be disastrous.
0	No, because if it was a guy, sure you'd never know, but he would. He'd know forever, and would always carry the knowledge that you were at his mercy, that  he  was the one that got you off and there's  nothing  you can do to ever change that.
0	Yup, I used to think that they were all real stories until a certain comic. Ever since this one dentist rage comic about being about to understand gibberish, I've been very skeptical about comic posts. The OP of the comic admitted that it was fake.   My innocence was shattered. To actually think people sit around and think of stories to make rage comics about was not something I did not think of.   I am waiting for the "You really think someone would do that, just go on the internet and tell lies?" picture.
1	Hijacking top comment for my story, sorry.   I have Panic Disorder, Agoraphobia, and all forms of anxiety. Happened about 3 years ago now and my life has been completely changed. I still rarely leave the house due to fear of the world and having an attack somewhere I don't feel safe. One thing that helped me when I got anxious was playing game's, WoW, LoL, Dota, anything with other people on. Than when I finally hit 30 and started ranked, I tried it. Got so anxious it would give me a panic attack. For those who don't know a panic attack is probably the worst thing you can experience in life mentally. You truly believe you are dying. I quit LoL after that for a good 6 months. I tried again with friends, just duoing. After awhile the anxiety lessened and I started to have fun. My diamond friend gave me a tip that made such a difference. He told me to never look at ranked 1 game at a time or to worry about 1 game. But instead look at it 20 or so games at a time, and just forget your last game always. I did and it helped so much. I went from bronze 3 to Gold on 2 accounts last season. I'm pushing for plat this season!
1	I work in webdev, and have done server admin.  I feel special that our site can hit 1m pageviews on a busy Friday.  Our Alexa ranking is less than 9k, so I like to think I work for one of the biggest websites on the net.   The traffic I get is chump change compared to what Riot is dealing with.  Riot is on average handling   1.3 million games at any given time  .  The traffic and complexity that goes along with that is simply outstanding.   Yes, downtime is regerettable, but they're scaling software that (I imagine) was never meant to hit this scale.  Their a victim of their own success, while still trying to create a profitable company.  Hell, D3 has worst server issues and it's $60 to play; Skyrim used to crash on me at least once an hour.   Cut them some slack, and enjoy the game when it works.  Remember when it used to be impossible to login after a patch?  Ya, they fixed that problem.  They're pushing the envelope with PFE and the ARAM map; give them some breathing room to make mistakes.
1	Fear the void" Kassadin "Die running" Singed "A different view" Lulu
1	Honestly, I played almost exclusively Veigar when leveling up, and I didn't go for 100-0'ing people as much as I did for going for strong trades in lane, to upping my AoE damage and maxing my stun asap for team utility.  I think DFG for veigar was already nerfed fairly hard from the removal of the mana component(and earlier CDR), and now really is something to buy later...it doesn't really help his laning, especially when opponents stack health/MR to counter veigar anyway.  His ganking will still be strong, because of a ulti level stun.   So...
0	Reading these comments I can only say this; What the fuck is wrong with you dude? Do you have some sort of behavioral / mental disorder? Look at the shit you are typing. Seriously what sane, rational human being says that? You have some unresolved issues that you need to work out.
0	This Advice Mallard is misleading: it's great advice for both genders, not just men talking to women. Nothing makes me feel as irritated & hopeless than when I'm trying to explain how a situation at work made me feel & my girlfriend interrupts, telling me what I should do to make the situation better / not worse. Conversely, there are times where she needs to feel supported emotionally, even in her sadness. The "advice" mechanism is I think an attempt to make the other person happier, when what they're really seeking is support.
1	To be fair, as someone who regularly is on the other end (top/mid laner) some junglers take the PISS. Their jungle is completely respawned, I go B and shop, I don't mind them lasthitting at tower or at the wave, aslong as it doesn't push lane. But I've had Shyvana's come in with full jungle respawns up, including red buff, at around 10 minutes ish, just farming my lane. That's when I kindly ask "Shyvana, stop pushing my lane please, go back to jungle." I'm hastily responded to by a "Stfu noob I'm only farming. lol." Or "Ffs, I'm not ganking mid now."
1	I have experimented some with leona jungle and some of my friends have too. We have never had a problem with her E. Being able to go through the jungle faster would increase her clear time, no doubt. But I don't think making it where her E pulls her through walls should count.   I understand that many junglers now have ways of going over walls. (J4, Elise, Amumu... etc) But there are still viable junglers out there who can't go through walls. (WW, Noc, Xin(must have vision to do so)... ect)   I think what would make leona faster at clearing jungle would be having the ability to pop her own passive on the jungle minions. This should only proc on jungle minions by her, meaning she can't pop her passive in lane or against enemy champs. The passive will still be there for others to pop, but she couldn't do it. This would increase her jungle clear time, and make her an extremely viable jungler.   I also jungled Taric for a while, amazing ganks, decent clear, just didn't really offer much late game. Leona would be much better late game then some junglers and can bring a large amount of CC.
0	Hey man, I am not saying that all violence is unacceptable. However I do work with groups aimed at ensuring different methods of conflict resolution before resorting to violence. If you cause bodily harm to someone and they are medically affected (in this case to the tune of thousands of dollars, a buddy lost his front teeth and it's not cheap) then you have done something wrong. While you may not be the "bad guy", you have done a bad thing that should be solved with restitution. This story could be false and just used for karma or whatnot, but if it is real I would advise seeking resolution and a way to healthily work stuff out with you cousin (and extended family). I recognize this has been ongoing and I certainly sympathize with your pain, but causing pain for others and by proxy causing problems in your family is not the optimal or even a good way to solve your concerns. Even if this was the best solution you could ask for and the situation is no such that you will no longer be bullied, I would advise against taking pride in hurting someone else and then announcing your actions via internet meme. It's not bueno to feel justified and look for approval from others when you resort to hurting someone.   That which is necessary is not always profitable or worthy of praise.
1	This is the first I've heard of these "high-demand" game modes like no-CD (Katarina/Garen 100% break the game, how fun) and 20k gold at start (5-AD teams don't sound all that interesting to me, though)... I think your definition of "plenty of demand" is skewed. A Reddit post with 100 upvotes means that 100 people thought it was an interesting idea. Same with forum threads. And it's EXACTLY THE POINT that they don't do this kind of thing due to low demand. It doesn't matter if you personally are frustrated, because Riot doesn't exist just to cater to you. I'm sure I could find 1000000000000000 people who are frustrated with a lack of the specific things they think LoL should include, but those people all have different demands, and no single demand would make enough of them happy to justify doing it.
0	What pisses me off about this SLUT is she has absolutely NO talent. The only reason she and her family are "Famous" is because she sucked a dick.(Sex Tape). Her father would probably be ashamed if he were alive to see the mess the family has become. She is nothing but a Talentless slut with an Obese ass.
0	Pfft. When fixing a computer you have no idea where the issue may lie and it can require some exploring. Some people are silly enough to leave personal pictures in C:\ Users\ [Name], where if they are also not technically inclined enough to create a file structure to store their files somewhere other than the default Windows location, may have also downloaded malicious programs which may need removing.   Not condoning what he did but I wouldn't say it's his fault if he accidentally stumbled across them. He may have been curious at the thumbnails and clicked on it, only to find them. At that point you could argue that if he's seen them once then it doesn't matter at that point, but oh well. Shit happens.
0	Be personable to get your name out there. I've applied online to probably upwards of 40 different automotive engineering type positions...from quality to design, from testing to manufacturing. Barely even received a couple of preliminary phone interviews which went nowhere. Also, I catered my resume to every position I applied for and literally have 30+ different resumes saved to my computer (super annoying and time consuming).   Anyways, the whole point of this story is to tell you the good news (or at least the good news for me that I hope works for you). I went to the SAE World Congress a couple of weeks ago in Detroit. There were tons of engineering companies there; mostly just to display their products. I spent a good hour or so just walking around the small career section and made a point to try and talk to someone from every booth that was in that section. Not only did I land three interviews, but I now have three different offers that I need to decide between. On top of all that, I'm a dude with scruffy facial hair (yet neatly trimmed) and hair that goes past half way down my back. Not you're typical engineer look.
0	This is why I hate "professional sports". it's one big corporation that people think represents their state, and when "their" team wins they act like they one the lottery? when the corporation is the only one that wins. not only that, all "professional sports" are fixed one way or another at varying degrees per sport.
1	This one time in solo queue, I convinced my entire team to go yordles because we already had 3 picked anyway. Everything was going well, we were winning and everyone was laughing and happy. Once we lost one teamfight the blame shot to me, "why the hell would we all pick yordles." Sooner or later we lost and they said report me even though they agreed to picking yordles and were fine with it when we were winning.
0	I went to Uiversity for 5 years and got 2 degrees. A friend offered me a job doing road works when I graduated while I looked for something in my field so I took that. Was doing the stop/go sign outside a school where we were working and people would always make jokes about what qualification I needed etc (mostly light-hearted jokes but still pissed me right the fuck off). Took great pleasure in telling them infront of their kids that I went to University and would up a road worker so I should have just gone straight into that line of work after high school. They all tried to hurry off before little Jimmy or Sally got bad ideas about doing physical work.
1	I partially disagree with this statement. I am not going to say that you should bring Poppy into every high ELO game you play because you like her, but at the same time you do not have to play the current "OP" champs to be successful in Soloqueue.   I only have 80 wins in ranked atm so I am not a super experienced ranked player, however, I still am in Plat 2. Most of my top champions are not the FOTM or even considered OP. Xerath, my highest W/L is at an 80% with 20 wins 5 losses. Trundle 4/1 with 80%, Xin at 4/0 with 100%. These champs most people don't consider even moderately "OP" and yet I find it quite easy to carry most games with them.   I don't believe it changes too drastically as you climb ELO in terms of playing comfort champions, but because the skill cap increases you need to be weary of completely "UP" champions rather then playing "OP" ones.
0	I've done this before. The other bad one is when you like a status in your news feed and realise that it is in fact the status of someone who isn't on your friends list and that it was only there because your friend commented on it. Leaves you unsure whether to unlike it or just let the poster wonder who the fuck you are.
1	YO VYLO DUDES HERES SOME REAL FEEDBACK   So I haven't tested it yet, but it already offers more than Talk.gg with the chat, I dig that. When I'm talking to my friends and we reference something like a funny link we have on us, we like to post it to facebook cause you can click and go to the page. Talk.gg doesnt have that but you guys have a Chat which is nice. Only problem is when I pasted one in chat you couldnt press it to go to the page.
0	I moved out after a few years of my wife treating me like crap. She said she desperately wanted to go to marriage counseling. When we were there I had to say everything that was wrong, I did so calmly.   After my ex wife was asked, she said that all my problems were false and started attacking them. The counselor asked her to stop and asked what her problems were, what was I doing that was wrong. My ex wife sat there silent for a while, then started again that everything I said should not be an issue.   The counselor stopped her again and asked what HER problems with me were. My ex then started yelling at the counselor telling her it was her job to tell me to move home. How dare she take my side, she should have her licence revoked.   The counselor tried to calm her down, explained she was just asking what my Ex's issues with the relationship with her were. That no one took sides. This made it worse, after 30 minutes they were both standing, my EX screaming at the counselor, the counselor telling her to sit down and calm down.   Right at the end of the session my ex finishes with "So are you going to tell him to move home, or are you just horrible at your job" and the counselor looks straight into my eyes and says "I think him moving home at this time would be a huge mistake"   We ended up having a second session, halfway through the counselor apologised to me, and then asked her to leave without charging us for the session. I paid anyway and thanked her for her time ..
1	I don't know why nobody paid attention to your post, but I feel like it is the truth essentially. NA LCS is exciting with all the trash talk, drama, house tours and what not, but only because there is coverage and somebody actually makes an effort to convey the information to us. Travis stands for a whole bunch of people that cover everything the fans want to know about the teams/players.   If you look at EU, there is probably the same amount of drama and a fair amount of trash talk as well, but no person/platform gathering all this and additionally creating content on their on, i.e. house tours, interviews and so on.   The journalists in NA and, to a lesser degree, in Korea are doing an awesome job hyping the fans up for the games. While this may not necessarily attract more people to watch the games live, it would certainly increase the quality of EU LCS. Maybe someone like Jankos is a really swell dude, but we just don't know about it, so like him, most of the players seem kind of boring.
1	Galio fell apart in s3 due to many chnges such as penatration and the rise of ad casters mid not being in his favor. While yes, items like void staff lost magic pen, but now flat and % pen stacked, so void staff + haunting guise + sorcs shoes was an easy way to get Galio's mr much lower, something that would prove ineffective in s2.   Also, mr as a whole got nerfed, items like abyssal scepter, chalice, and FoN, common items on galio in s2, either got nerfed or removed as a whole. New mr items like Twin Shadows and Runic Bulwark are more fit for supports, and will have Galio stray away from his core builds and lack damage to be seen as a threat. Crystaline flask may seem like a good item for galio, actually is effective in countering galio. Galio's job is to win in trades by simplily barely taking any dmg with his shield. He doesn't need the sustain of crystaline flask because he won't be taking the damage, but his lane opponent would love it to shrug off galio's already mediocre harass. Losing the ability to slowly wear down his opponent, galio's kill potencial is deminishing even lower than how low it was before.   Finally, the rise of ad casters not only countered galio's primary stat, but also pushed away many of the characters galio was meant counter in mid lane. People like Brand of Cassiopeia will get destroyed in teamfights as a good galio ult will isolate them and easily focus them down before they can get a combo off. Compared to champions like kha'zix and zed, with enough base tankyness to take galio's burst, and the mobility to get out safe to assasinate tye adc. Plus, assasins like zed won't stay next to their team like cassiopeia would, and thus would make it hard to land a good ult.   Ad casters scale better with the new itemization, along with the destruction of Galio's itemization, Ad casters will counter galio as a whole in mid. Galio relys on mr, but armor isn't even an option anymore as black cleaver is so op. Galio lacks good options for hp as warmogs would make him do absolutely no dmg, and also RoA's catalyst doesn't work well with chalice which is core on Galio as you will have nothing but sustain for the first 15 minutes and again, do no damage. Plate of the Warmge may help, depending on its stats, but all it builds in is Zhonyas, and when is the last time you've seen a Galio build THAT?
0	Chinese medicine in the west may be portrayed as a bunch of crackpots, but people in the east take it very seriously.  To them it's just as valid as western medicine.  Most of my students are much more likely to take TCM than they are western medicine, and are just as healthy as people back home.  After living here for so long, I can't help but wonder if there isn't something to it.   How many hundreds of years has TCM been used?  It's something that is thoroughly ingrained in the culture here.  Cultures don't usually keep something around that doesn't serve some sort of cultural purpose.   A lot of remedies used in Chinese Medicine comes from centuries of trial and error.  True Chinese doctors here got to school and apprentice for nearly as many years as western doctors to learn their trade.  Certainly some of it is useless, but not all of it.  There's no need to attack TCM ad hominem.  There is something to it.  For example, when you're suffering from aches and pain, you'll get several packets of some strange brown powder that you're supposed to take several times a day.  It contains a bunch of different things that probably do nothing, but one of the ingredients is willow bark.  What can be made from willow bark?  Aspirin.  Cultures all over the world have been chewing willow bark for millennia.  Somewhere, a long way back, Chinese doctors learned willow bark eased pain.  Western medicine was several thousand years in catching up.   If they were correct in one thing, isn't it conceivable that they could be correct in others?
1	I kept not being able to join games (kept crashing or getting the firewall message at loading screen). At first I thought it was my firewall, but games still crashed with my firewall turned off. Then they worked fine unless I turned my firewall on. So I don't know how my firewall was interfering...   Regardless, I got a different firewall and now it works fine.   However, don't know if my issue is the same as anyone else as it was only me out of 10 players that wouldn't connect.
0	I have found that the younger the girl the more okay she is with the type of things you see in porn.
1	If I am not mistaken when Darius leaps into the air his ult is already considered cast, and that is just the animation being completed. I find that different than a Cho or Skarner just being simply out of range when they try to cast.  There have been several situations where somebody has tried to flash away from me but I got my Cho ult off just a hair before their escape so they burned their flash and still died, albeit not as often as with Darius. I still feel the two situations are different
1	Its funny you should say "consider getting new friends" because that is what happened to me. See, My "friends" from high school refuse to play with me after watching me take a very brutal fall to 900 elo when I first started ranked. I dont actually see them anymore, we live too far away, but we did have a vent server - which was the final straw because I would login after my average 11 hour workday all summer and listen in on them laughing at my match history. That was a year ago, and I have been trying (and failing) , whether its due to unlucky streaks, bad playing on my part, etc, while having my "friends" laughter echo in my ears. I Ive taken every piece of advice I can, (e.g. Pro Player A  "Top carries hardest!, Pro Player B" Mid Has most influence on the map"... Pro Player X "Play Riven, She's good!"). That didnt pan out. I tried clan vent servers, Tried adding people from solo Q - thats all but failed.  I would get really bad anxiety trying to just q up into ranked. All the while feeling like shit because Ive been unable to attain 1200 elo, and being unranked even after trying for months.   Now, I'm finally comfortable with a good deal of champs, but I dont really have the normal elo to play against players much better than me (mostly because I play alot of champs im not good at in normals trying to learn), so Im improving slowly. I also have less anxiety in ranked, and track my elo to measure my improvement, instead of trying to use my unranked status as motivation. Im doing better :D   That being said, I feel like I wouldnt have had such a rough time motivating myself if I could track my achievement and felt like I was getting somewhere. Because honestly, If you are under 1200 elo Its straight up depressing already. You get treated like an idiot; you are told that your opinion means nothing. That's 50% of the community. At least give us some dignity in our acheivements.
1	I actually disagree with the point that a flexible meta is entirely a good thing in LoL.  If you look at that same situation in DOTA2, and how the competitive games can have a 3-1-1 set up, a 2-1-2 setup or a 1-2-1 with a jungler set up and so on, it makes the games of the general populace extremely horrible as an experience.   Look at it this way.  Ofcourse the game is a team game, its designed to be played as a 5v5 mindset and the idea of a flexible meta is actually good IN ONLY THIS SITUATION.  thats because TEAMS can master certain set ups, certain comps and so on and become extremely proficient and then its a game of who executes what better and plays a strategically greater game.   Now you have what over 99% of the games populace are playing which are games with probably no more than 2 or 3 people that actually know each other.  Couple that with different regions, especially europe, communication is at a fault.  For example, im english and i've had games with french, italian and spanish premades with me, and ive been able to fit my role, my position in the game just because i know the meta and its a mutual universal understanding.   You've now introduced an incredible amount of co ordination between so many meta's that different people are more and some are less proficient in.  What also is a problem is now the quality of games deteriorates because of this imbalance of understanding at how others play.   The best example i can give in terms of league is how the transitions from season 1 and 2 affected Shushei for example.  At his time he was almost how faker is looked out now, and his AP top was incredibly good.  The meta shift and he fell down hard, and while a meta change is good, having a flexible meta will make this much more impactful at all levels.   The same thing happened to Lilballz of TPA, he was so used to the cc supporty type junglers and the meat tanks that the more nimble and gank assassins like lee sin, jarvan and evelynn that crept up over time really made him lose his edge, and while ofcourse he should be able to adapt,  a constant fluctuating meta will cause considerable harm to the state of the game in lower level play   At the end of the day, league of legends is a GAME and people use it to blow off steam, have some fun and enjoy it, and with a flexible meta people are going to be less in the loop, the game is going to lose its pick-upable status, and i feel thats what made league of legends so popular   take this post as you will with a grain of salt, but ive played league for over 3 years (and at diamond level), and have had my hand in DOTA2 for well in the 100's of hours.
1	First you only have 160 games this season. And something over 200 in S2. That's not a lot of games. Consider pro AD carries that played thousands of games on every ADC like Fnatic Rekkles.   Now let's look at what you played in S3. You're Taric and Alistair are good you do seem to win with those so keep playing those. Your Shaco, Skarner and Maokai are good. Lee, Rengar, Udyr not so much. Lee has a much higher skilcap and you can play more consistently with something like Maokai. And IMO other junglers are better than Udyr. Udyr's win rate is 43%.   Your Jax and Singed are screwing you this season. 9 games lost and 1 won. Either don't play top or practice more of it. You also play a large pool of champions. Stick to the ones you can carry with.
0	My first and only job was working at --------- a local restaurant and as a dishwasher I hated it. I hated the shit hours shit pay. And worst of all the managers that think your beneath them. I will never work in restaurant industry again. It was the worst fucking job ever. I made minimum wage for 20 hours a week. I finally quit when my boss made a mistake and cut my hours from 18-20 to 6 for one week. Ok no big deal I confront him he tells me it will be fixed. The next week I get 6 hours. I quit the Friday my last check printed. If they wanted to motivate me they should've done positive reinforcement. I don't take negativity in my wallet well.
0	Just because they started something the credit shouldn't automatically go to them. The concept of a meme could be good, but the real gold is the individual uses of a meme.  Of course the inventor of the brush should get some credit for possibilities like Mona Lisa, but the real artist is still DaVinci.   There's a lot of gold on 4chan, but that's just because there's so many posters, some of it is bound to be gold. Finding gold on 4chan is like finding a needle in a haystack, since most of the posts are shit.  Don't forget, 4chan was practically the inventors of dead horse beating and forced memes.   Don't get me wrong, all this applies to reddit as well, but I tend to like the structure/system here a lot more.  ..And call me ol' fashioned, but I'm not a fan of the overuse of terms like "nigger" and "faggot" (Oh wait, that's just because I'm not 13 years old).   Damn, this post wasn't supposed to be this long, oh well.
0	That's because there are both attractive qualities that each person needs, and staying qualities that each person needs. Attractive qualities do exactly that, attract someone to asking them out. Staying qualities keep them there.   Most people consider classical good looks an attractive quality. But chubbie chasers would think the exact opposite. If you have absolutely no specific attractive qualities, or unattractive qualities, then you are a Pan-sexual Bestial Pedophile and people who are ok with that in a relationship are few and far between.   Once someone is there though, there needs to be a staying quality. The one thing I always try to remember. Every guy or girl I date is either going to be the one I love or an eventual Ex. I might not be the type of person they want to be with forever, and they might not be mine. I have this problem as I get plenty of first dates but second dates seem to be less likely.   Some people, especially the ladies (no offense my vaginal peeps), don't keep this in mind, and specifically have to have a Reason^tm that they are breaking up with someone. They love to tell there friends the Reason^tm so that their friends don't think they are just date-whores. So the perfectly normal guy becomes the ass-hole, I think he's cheater on me, and he says mean things, why can't I find a nice guy!?!?!
0	Can we see how many pictures of white people making that face we can get? I feel like that kind of emoted skepticism can only come from hundreds of years of futile toil.
1	If you get mad playing an online game, during your second online match ever,you should probably just not play online games. It's the internet. Get over the idea that everyone should be everyones friend. By waiting until level 30 to play PvP games, you handicapped your level 30 team who all know how to play the game, by only having a clue how to play against bots.   The reason people actually play PvP at low level is to A. learn how to play against humans who have some what of a clue. and B. You get matched against people in your relative skill zone, unless you get matched against smurfs, in which case, you probably lose.
1	i find it horrible that a good, top-tier player who apparently entertained people has to come to such measures because twitch has so many "female players" in the top-viewed list. Maybe Twitch should open up a seperate Brench for "webcam-girls" so they dont have to pretend like they are playing - CAREFUL here, there are ALOT of female streamer who play good OR entertain alot of players, it doesnt matter if you are bronze or Challenger, as long as you entertain people. However these are hilarously outnumbered by women holding their tits into the cam and playing bronze games, feeding like crazy because they are constantly watching the chat going down on their second Monitor.
1	my two cents, which means not that much,   I think you might be starting to lose the
1	I don't even think you have to master new champions (which I still would encourage though as it's always good), lane bullies can play farm lanes too even if it doesn't feel right. I recognize the greedy-for-cs, I've done that a lot myself. It just feels like not even trying to get that lasthit (which will get me a ton of harass) is me doing something wrong, when it's actually the smarter thing to do to not get forced back to base and fall even further behind.   I'm not sure if this is relevant but it helped me a lot to learn when to trade back, for example when playing Irelia into Riven. I've had SO much trouble with that matchup for so long and I realized I failed to trade back over and over again as I let her back away after using all her cooldowns to harass me (rivens E>Q>W combo does so much damage and doesn't really leave any room to fight back) when I should take the opportunity and window to use my own cooldowns on her while hers is down, that's the only way to make even trades in this situation and not get freely harassed.
0	Yes, I have learned that asking for sex will not make my wife want to have sex. It's SO much better when she initiates because I know she really wants to do it. Same thing applies to "trying new things." Before when I would ask for a new position, she got annoyed. Now that she taking control trying new things, she is comfortable and really enjoying the adventure.
1	I would have voted ban on him as well. Irregardless of what was said to him in any situation, it doesn't give him the right to troll or counter-troll and be an asshat. Even if you're being antagonized, you need to be an adult and just ignore that person rather than spamming: "LOL EXPLODED WITH ANGER BRO, STFU" like a child.
0	Exact same thing happened to me for a final project in my senior year of undergrad.  Guy could barely speak English, which I totally did not hold against him, till he turned in my paper which had no grammar errors.  Teacher knew he stole it from me yet I was the one who had to re-write my entire report because of this fuckwad, or he would fail me and turn me into the disciplinary board.  He couldn't even do the research part correctly and constantly asked for others' help.
0	Rescue sites are always posting this on Facebook and everyone's all like "Who would DO that to an animal?! That's just cruel!!" As someone who grew up with huskies, this really irks me. I think it's really important to understand the difference between different breeds of dogs.   Someone called the Humane Society because, one time, my dad was out and the dog was outside (where he wanted to be). And it was -1 degree Celsius out. I'm not even exaggerating. I remember seeing people with light jackets on. And the Humane Society actually warned my dad that, next time the dog is left outside, they'd take him and put him down (I'm assuming because he was so old??) This REALLY scared me that the HUMANE SOCIETY didn't even understand the difference between huskies and...I don't know...maybe a chihuahua? (It wasn't even too cold for people!)   Eventually, my dad was able to meet up with an agent from the Humane Society who had actually spent time up north and had seen huskies in their natural habitat. He said the dog was fine, but just suggested having a place the dog could go for shelter (like a dog house (which was in the backyard, but the dog generally preferred the front) with a straw mat).
1	Could you run it for the previous split?   If you do, isn't there some part of the system where if you beat higher elo people you get more elo?  so if you ran it from the start of LCS, maybe TSM or Curse ends up at like 1400, and the guys who fell out were down near 1000.  Which means to qualify you only had to beat 1k elo teams.   What i'm saying is it's interesting if you think about it including LCS spring split.  You'd have so much mroe data than 7 games and it could be more accurate.  essentially I see C9 as a team who won 9 of 10 of their placement games (including up and downs).  that should put them in gold range?
1	ABRIDGED QUOTE FROM THE SITE)   ALL of the flash arrows on the [original image]( can be accomplished using the current flash, except two:     The arrow going down into baron pit. To accomplish this you have to flash diagonally.   The arrow going up from the brush towards mid tower. Again, if you flash diagonally you can also fix this.     After tons of experimentation, here's what I came up with for the new flash: [NEW DIAGRAM!](   All the lines I've drawn are what I deem the "difficult" places where you can flash over. There are a lot more obvious places that I haven't put here that I thought were obvious or trivial, including many of the arrows on the picture you posted. There are also definitely some "difficult" lines I haven't drawn - if you find some crazy ones, let me know!   I tried to maximize the distance you travel in each location, unless for some reason it seems stupid that anyone would want to be flashing in that direction. However, I'm sure many of these aren't perfectly optimal. They're also not pixel perfect, but should be mostly accurate. If you can't seem to carry one out, feel free to message me and I will try give you suggestions. Also, if you want to suggest another spot, or just have questions in general, you may message me as well.   Hope this helps!   **
1	Its a little weird with minions cuz you don't have time to reposition if you want to anymore but I think its a really good trade off since its soooo reliable on champs now. You don't need a second ult or e to get any remaining orbs popped, you just crash into them and the orbs just detonate into them right after. Overall just the ability to get all 3 orbs off in pretty much any situation is great, not just for the reliability but also since the shield stack/refresh is an important part of the ability and the cool down doesn't start until all 3 orbs are gone.
1	It's definitely a possibility that voice communication with strangers might not actually increase your chances of winning, considering people will make mistakes in shotcalling (and instead of that 1 guy fucking up, the entire team follows and you get aced), people might get nervous, annoyed, etc etc etc.   You seem to think it's really obvious that voice communication improves winrates (which it MIGHT), but there is no proof of that. Obviously it's great in professional games but that's simply an entirely different story.
1	Elder Lizard vs Spectral Wraith on Eve   Spirit of the Spectral Wraith   +50-80 AP, 10% CDR.  Jungle income/spirit drain passive.   50-80 AP adds 22.5 (23) - 36 damage per Hate Spike (45% AP scaling) and 50-80 damage to Ravage (100% AP scaling).  Agony's Embrace scales pretty poorly with AP (1% current health per 100 AP), and the shield is capped so you can't build full AP to get a ridiculous shield.   Spirit of the Elder Lizard   +30 AD, 10% CDR, true damage burn passive.  Jungle income/spirit drain passive.   30 AD adds 15 damage to each Hate Spike (50% bonus AD scaling) and 30 damage to Ravage (100% bonus AD scaling).   Effects on DPS   This is assuming 10% CDR from the items   Spectral Wraith Hate Spike Additional DPS - 23/(.9 x 1.5)=17.03  (17)  , 36/(.9 x 1.5)=26.67  (27)   Spectral Wraith Ravage Additional DPS - 50/(.9 x 9)=6.17  (6)  , 80/(.9 x 9)=9.87  (10)   Spectral Wraith Additional (ability) DPS - 23 to 37   I am ignoring Agony's Embrace due to it's poor scaling, one-use nature (you definitely won't get to use it more than once a fight), and the fact it deals %current health damage.   Elder Lizard Hate Spike Additional DPS - 15/(.9 x 1.5)=11.11  (11)   Elder Lizard Ravage Additional DPS - 30/(.9 x 9)=3.7  (4)   Elder Lizard Additional (ability) DPS - 15   Obviously, Elder Lizard will add 30 damage to each AA.  It's safe to assume that Evelynn won't be able to stand around and wail on an enemy champ.   HOWEVER, Evelynn just needs an ASPD of .27 to break even with the DPS of Spectral Wraith at 0 stacks (she only needs to make up for 8 DPS).  That's one attack every  3.7  seconds.  I think that's pretty easy to accomplish, given her ability to stick to champs.   At full stacks, she needs to have an ASPD of .73 to break even.  That's one attack every  1.4  seconds, which is still fairly easy.  Also, this is completely ignoring the burn passive (14+2*level true damage over 3 seconds... so 5 to 17 DPS).   Of course, this is ignoring the target's armor MR.  However, AD Eve will deal a lot of mixed damage since her Hate Spikes will still deal magic damage.  Unless every enemy stacks armor, Elder Lizard is better for DPS.   Also, it's important to remember that this is Eve's first item and she'll probably get it before they start stacking armor AND she'll be doing basically all her ganking without full stacks of Spectral Wraith .  Even if you're CDR capped with max stacks, Elder Lizard will still outperform Spectral Wraith as long as you have an ASPD of 1.
1	I'm a fucking mathematics grad student irl and nobody would give me shit about saying 66% for 2/3. I mean, mother of god, even in my comment I am 100% (or 99.9, repeating of course,% right) right in saying that 66% is below the minimum value as can be seen by the fact that 2/3 is not enough and 2/3 >= 0.66.....
1	Imagine this: A wwebsite, say solomid, clg or so many others, they have replays for high level teams, replays for tourney games, replays that would tinkle your fancy. Say, you discover you like playing the AD carry role. Hmm.. How could you say, improve at that role at a faster pace ?   Sure, watching streams is good, but you can't always find the stream with what you need at said time. Now, you have replays there, and say, there are 50 competitive fresh games with the likes of Chaox, CandyPanda etc. Just download it, load it and study their moves, decisions and the like. It's WAY easier to understand why someone does something by being able to watch them at your own pace.   You could even fast forward and move the replay back to something you found of interesting, you could watch a team fight for tens of times to understand why one team won and what they did better than the other team.   Are you feeling me ?   The value of the replay tool in a competitive game environment is immeasurable. It isn't something that should be there, it's something that MUST be there, from the start.   In my opinion, and I say this as humbly as possible, if we had the replay feature one year ago, the game would have grown competitively at least five times as much. My reason for this being: EVERYONE has access to games thus, everyone can comment on said games, people might begin getting some popularity, they could start hosting their own tourneys and casting them because they feel they belong in the community.   Right now, the commenter community is pretty small in LoL, if we had the replay feature, it could even grow to the size of the SC2 community.
1	Can't see more than 2 asian teams making it to the finals. So I would say 2 out of the three from Najin, Frost, and IG. I would say that either IG or Frost won't make it our of group A, and that Najin will make it out of group B. For the western teams, I would say most likely we'll see CLG.eu, and then it's a real toss up between M5, TSM, CLG.NA, and dig. I don't have confidence that SK will make it out of group A, since they don't seem like they have a full comprehensive idea of asian teams as much as CLG does. I would love to see dig make it out of groups, but at the same time I don't know if they can beat out CLGEU and Najin.   For the finals specifically I would say it'll be one asian vs one western. It's a very good chance that the asian team that we will be seeing will be one of the two from group A, and I think that of the western teams out there CLGEU has the highest chance of making it to the finals.
0	I understand, it's always the content of the conversation that gets me. "Oh you go to college? you must be super smart! I'm not smart, thats why im cutting hurr! OH! sorry, did i get ya there!?" and that is when I stopped going to Great Clips because a fat ginger lopped off one of my fucking moles.
1	I never understood this. People immigrate,  and anyone who thinks that a Chinese team or Korean can go to a different country and maintain the style they did in their homes is naive. Korean gaming is what it is because of the infrastructure in Korea. They have in house sister teams to scrim against constantly and play against the set Korean meta, when lmq did well with their usual Chinese aggression in NA it was fine. When people started to check them for it and they started faltering they switched to a more burst style of aggression instead.  They're adapting to where they are and becoming the best there, what difference does it make where they came from? Every country is a country of immigrants in one way or another.
0	Here is an example that I brought up when the supreme court was ruling if police needed a search warrant to place GPS tracking devices on suspects cars.  The suspect was assumed to be moving drugs but they had no hard evidence, or not enough to get a warrant.  A cop bugged his car and they tracked his movements until they have enough evidence on where he went and when, and cops were able to catch him trafficking drugs.  The supreme court ruled that you cannot bug someone's car with just officer suspicion, you need a warrant.   The person I was talking to said that if you have nothing to hide, why bother if they track you.  I responded with, "if a cop assumed you broke the law by speeding sometimes and bugged your car, waited 2 months to build a good case and not blow his cover, and after 2 months, presented you with a ticket for each time you exceeded the speed limit, failed to come to a complete stop at at a stop sign, or failed to use a blinker,  would you feel that his actions were legal?"
1	Kind of funny to think that i'd had the time to read that shit, news flash: i don't ! Ever heard of
1	On the pbe she has not proven to be very op, though that is pbe and the general pbe consensus has been proved wrong before once pros start experimenting.   She is strong early and mid game, with good dueling, but her late game and team-fighting is not as good as the most popular ADC right now. Also her vault and ult are not as good as they look at first. Vault makes you close to melee range for a second, and you can be hit and CC'd in that time. You have to be very aware who you are using it against and it they can make you pay for it. This makes using it as an escape require a little more skill. In short its much more limited than a more straightforward dash (small bonus though, its great for charging a statik shiv. it you use it at max range it basically fully charges it. If you time everything right you can get a ss proc, use vault, get another ss proc and your passive at the same time. That is a decent burst)   Her ult is.....well lets just say I predict a lot of people getting themselves killed her first week. It turns you melee and doesn't give you many anything for added defense. If you use it unwisely you will get yourself killed. Its good at chasing fleeing enemies or for fleeing from enemies, but compared to other ADC ults which can actually win teamfights its lacking.
0	I feel your pain. It's the same story with Game of Thrones, How I met your Mother, Suits, Sherlock, Dexter, House, Gray's Anantomy, South Park, Top Gear, The Office (American one), Naruto, Bleach, Full Metal Alchemist or something, Big Bang Theory, LOST, Prison Break, The Mentalist, Monk, Ugly Betty, Sesame Street (JK, lulz), Chuck, Arrow and all that other stuff mostly women watch, such as 90210, Gossip Girl, Vampire Diaries etc.
1	This is just a satire to Riot Fining Scarra as the coach of CLG and connecting it with poaching him for the position from DIG. May be due to Scarra predicting Riot's positions 2~3 years ago and he got fined now.
1	While I agree that I don't think C9 is NA's messiah or that Meteos has proved his status as a top jungler in the world yet, they have shown some very impressive play.   Saintvicious statement is somewhat correct but he is a bit too general in his assessment of Meteos. For example, early on in the Summer split C9 played a game vs (Dig I think) in which Meteos's both jungle buffs were stolen and warded, giving him little farm or ability to do anything. Instead, he just walks top to the 2v1 lane for a 3v1 push and an eventual free tower (this allowed him to catch up while getting global gold). Granted this was pre-patch 3.10 but it showed that both C9 and Meteos's adaptability and fundamental understanding of the game.
1	I see a rise in a lot of forgotten supports. Leona actually got slightly nerfed because of the lack of passive health regen. Basically if she wants to be super aggressive she needs relic which means that she cannot pick up talisman.  Thresh got buffed because the man issue I feel with him and blitz are mana costs which have remained unaffected. Coin start is actually even more viable, although I personally recommend ruby crystal start.   With the nerf to mobis, I see a micro buff to sona, Janna, and lulu as supports.   Sona gets buffed for sure because of the affordability of ruby crystal. What is sona's biggest weakness? Low base health. What is now affordable? Health item. Also her e aura is basically more valuable.   The same is true for Janna, who now offers crazy movement speed from passive for team fights. In addition, because of the tank and engage meta, monsoon might be just what we are looking for.   Lulu will probably get nerfed to shit soon.   Nami steps into a more viable role because of her move speed bonus.   I think sustain supports might see more play because of the lack of worth passive regen. Shield isn't worth a buy. Coin has no passive regen except for the 5 health per minion death.
1	That one has proven hard to fix though. It happens so randomly that it's been impossible for Riot to pinpoint what causes the bug with the "does no damage and ministuns Fizz" thing. Which in turn makes it so that the bug cannot be fixed, alas the bug has stayed for a long time.   Only way Riot could really figure it out is take parts of Fizz's E out (like the untargetability, the movement etc.) at a time and do a massive amounts of tests to figure out what part causes it. Since it happens so rarely, it would take a massive amount of time and effort to just possibly find it out.
0	Two similar experiences:   Ordered indian food from this awesome place nearby, it was valentine's so they were super busy (My GFs idea, not mine, so don't hate on me for ordering takeout on V-Day) and they said it'd be about 1.5 hours, so I said sure, we could wait. 1.5 hours later, no food yet. So I phone to check on the status, they said the driver just left with our order and a few others so I should see it shortly, awesome! 20 minutes later, no food... Phone again, they say they delivered it. So I made them double check the address and it wasn't mine, turns out they lost my order and never cooked it at all. They then offered to make my order and send it to me for 10% off, but I'd have to wait.  Said fuck it, hung up on them, ordered pizza, arrived 15 minutes after phone call.   Second time: Ordered two large pizzas with my old roommate, they said 40 minutes or free. 90 minutes later the pizza guy shows up and i call him out, saying the pizza was free because it took so long (The pizza place was like 5 blocks from my house, no excuse honestly) So he phones his manager and the manager tells him to give me the pizza for free. He's annoyed, but he gives us the pizza. When we went inside, we noticed he had given us three pizzas instead of two.
0	Oh I've got a story like this. I was 16 years old, a week before had literally just got the first birthday gift my dad have ever given me in that 16 years. I was out at McDonalds with some some friends, a guy, his and my lady friend and her younger sister. We decided to head back after having something to eat, and get some sleep so we could go to a convention the next day (which is what the gift, $100 was for). During our stay in the Restaurant, a guy came into the bathroom, someone who I'd thought that my friend had mentioned was a friend of his. So in the bathroom I just said a casual hello, gave some banter back and forth, and thought nothing of it really.   We'd decided to leave, and about halfway to our lady friend's house I hear a, "Yo, yo, Hey yo!" from behind me. Now its fair to note that my buddy had stayed back at McDonalds and was going to catch up with us later, so it was myself and two young girls, we were all 14, 15, and myself 16, so I decided, having been under the impression that they were a friend of a friend to go back and see what they needed, but asked the girls to keep on moving. As soon as I went up to them and asked if they needed something, the ring leader, the guy I'd met in the bathroom gave me a right hook right to the nose, and then all his other friends, about 7 in total punched me from the back, and the sides, kicked my legs. I'd dropped to a knee, was really caught off guard, and they pushed me down on my back and started kicking me, over and over again, and reached into my pocket, and pulled out the money I'd got as a birthday gift. And they ran away. I couldn't follow because they'd run to a bus stop, I'm assuming because it had Camera's, and it would look, in the Camera's POV that I'd instigated the fight, so I tried to shrug it off, and went home and called the police. They never showed up.   So the next day, I went into the Convention with a black eye, a fat lip, and a crooked nose. The following day I went to the police and filled out a report.   After summer break was over, I found out that this guy was in the same School as myself. And he'd waited for me, everyday after school. It wouldn't have been a problem, save for that I'd been warned by someone who knew both of us, that he'd been waiting to stab me. I talked to the police officer in the school to try and expedite the process, and to tell him that I didn't feel safe, even attempted to change my bus route home. But he was waiting for me, every day, after school, with all of his friends. It made me so angry, that someone had this much control, and that without endangering my life and well being, I had to let it go on.   So I fled the city. Moved. None of my friends know why this is, but this is the reason. I literally had to leave everything behind.   Fast forward a little bit, and apparently he'd been brought out, into the middle of nowhere, stripped naked, and forced to walk back into the City in the middle of Winter. He'd made it, but died of hypothermia on someone's front lawn.   How did I feel? Absolutely elated. Here was someone who had not only caused me pain, he'd put a kid in hospital after stomping on his skull when the kid threatened to call the police after they stole his ipod, had pistol whipped, yes with a gun, someone in broad daylight in front of a mall. And now, he was dead. He died with no hope, naked, in the winter, and no one gave a shit. And as far as I'm concerned, he's buried where he belongs, six feet under.
1	Just because someone is being a dick doesn't give you permission to be a dick.
1	I don't see how this any any different then other sports other than this being the first time it has happened. If we look at the NFL a year or two ago the Colts had benched their starting line up after securing a spot in the playoffs. Curse and Dig didn't want to reveal anything 4 days before the next tournament seeing as both teams have a spot in it.
1	You might assume those pros who stream are genuinely bad at numbers, but most of them calculate the damage a champ does at each level... I once saw QT and Krepo crunshin numbers about their champs ( I forgot what champ QT talked about, but Krepo was talking about thresh and when to Max Q or E at which lvls and vs what champs etc )   I totally thought both of them are different streamers... just seing QT and Krepo doing maths and stuff.
1	1) Always remember that those 2 minions that ar far but you realy realy need to get, arent worth it.. 2) first trip back, buy something that makes you tanky enough (F.e. Once I played as jarvan vs Cait, bought a chain vest, game over/ playing ww vs Gp, bought glacial shroud, gg/lane vs kennen, rush negatron cloack) 3) ranged champs dont have gap closers(most of them) so call for ganks.. Also, while you build tanky, you can tower dive them easily, if your jongler is stronk dmg boum pew pew.. Remember that you scale better than them in terms of hp/armor/mressist/skill damage(till late game ofc) so building tanky is the tip..
0	In fourth grade I was repulsed by a particular kid in our class. One incident is burned into my mind.   He was leaning over his desk with his knees in the seat of the chair and elbows resting on the desk. With his ass in the air he reached back and scratched his ass crack, deep. About wrist deep in his pants. This was visible to almost the entire class because he was sitting in the front row.   He pulled his hand back up to his face and proceeded to smell his fingers. Sweaty, greasy ass-fingers. Then he picked his nose, he reached in and worked his ass-finger around. Needless to say at this point I didn't think it could get any worse.   Until he removed his finger from his nose, inspected the boogers closely with his beady little rat-eyes, and licked his fingers clean. It was a traumatic experience for me.
0	It's bitchy and arrogant because when someone gives you a compliment, it's appropriate to give thanks for it. "Yes, I know." insinuates that the person being complimented is arrogant (and therefore does not respect or appreciate the person giving the compliment).   Honestly, if you're of the opinion that saying "Yes, I know." Is an appropriate response when giving any kind of compliment, chances are you're an ass hole and only other ass holes will agree with you.   Of course, it could be done with either sarcasm and/or in good nature. Saying, "Yes I know." To a close friend after they say something like, "You're smart." can be funny for both parties.
1	Not a new player by any means, but I've spent most of my time playing LoL as jungle,  adc, or support. Whenever I try top or mid, I find myself being bullied. I have a list of champions I'd love topl play, but I'm too chicken shit to try in mid or top.   How do I get past the fear of trying new lanes/champs? If I lose mid lane on a new champ, I tend to get discouraged and go back to my comfort picks. Any tips for someone who wants to learn mid? I know a lot of the intricacies involved with bot lane, jungle,  and to a lesser extent, top.   Secondly, harass. My first time top lane Lee Sin was vs a Pantheon spamming Q on me. I decided to all in him at level 3 and died cause it was a terrible move on my part,  but being harassed so easily made me unsure of how to handle the lane. If I don't have at least 100 cs by 15 mins, I feel like I've failed. Same with fizz, if I get a high harass opponent like Ori, i just get intimidated into farming under tower. When I adc, I know how/when to harass,  if I should be down in cs or up, and if its okay to be csing in lane with 50% hp, and I know if I toughed it out in mid, I'd be decent there,  too.
1	People are just annoyed that their precious health stacking isn't as effective as it was before. As an AD carry, I welcome the opportunity to be viable again. Guess what counters BotRK everyone? Armor! The passive deals physical damage so you can easily protect yourself against it! Stop whining!   Besides the fact its turned to this is your own damn fault. You created the meta (which is far too onesided in the favour of bruisers like Dunkmaster Darius) so now there's a counter to make it easier. You actually have to try now! Fancy that!
0	Because psychology.   People with these crazy coler dyed hair, are usually doing it (whether subconsciously or consciously) because they feel they are not getting the attention they desire - usually from the opposite sex- so the little voice in their head says "we should dye our hair something wacky... like fluorescent green...then people will notice us" -yes their inner voice sounds like gollum.   Its generally the same reason you see people who dress goth/punk or in something utterly ridiculous, for no other reason, than to get attention from people who otherwise wouldnt even see them in a crowd.
1	Janna was Victorious not Championship, and seeing as Jarvin (melee bruiser) has Victorious and Riven (melee bruiser) has Championship, I don't think this is relevant.
1	You think its bad here? Go to CS Go sub. They did a survey of the users, and that day 70% of the users were 17 or younger. 10% of the votes were made up of kids who were 9 and 10. I went through some kids history and its them saying "You suck, fuck off" "At least im not a pussy". FFS there was an 11 year old commenting some fucked up shit on gone wild. Once I seen this I just assumed everyone on reddit was 9 years old with not a single ball hair. Thinking about it like this makes me understand the bull shit people that make up reddit.   If you are the type of person that turns your back on anything you say you support fully. Fuck you, you are a disappointment to whatever you are supporting, and the other supporters.   I am from calgary, it is most likely my hockey team will be eliminated from the playoffs soon. Does that mean I will hate them? Fuck no I am just proud of what they did this season.
1	I guess I will be one of the first people to say no. I got diamond early in the season, was anywhere from d2 to d5. I knew I'd never get challenger, so ranked to me just became a highly competitive place to practice mechanics. If the only reason I win my lane is because I got free kill and snowball from a d/c, then I get nothing out of that game. If it happens to me I am sure they will kill me, but in a game where I am lagging I don't expect to win anyways. If you are concerned about climbing the ladder, then of course kill them everytime. Just know that in tournaments you can't expect a d/c to get you a win, especially with the pause feature.
1	Thats true, but in my experience there are always people who can speak English with varying degrees of fluency in games on euw, even the people who dont speak English are able to say something along the lines of 'sry I not speak English' whereas eune, the best you'll get is 'lucker dog' and the occasional 'I fuck your mother'.
0	If you're following the very rudimentary supply/demand curve shown above, the minimum wage is effectively a government induced price floor for labor.  This causes the quantity demanded of labor to decrease (employers employ less due to higher cost of labor) while people looking for jobs will increase (more people are willing to enter the job market to work for a higher level of wage).  The gap between the two is essentially unemployment (defined as people who want to work but are unable to).   This simplistic model doesn't take into account the possibility that equilibrium is above the minimum wage, like for most jobs that are above mindless manual labor, as a percentage of total labor force.  It also assumes, incorrectly, that the market is perfectly competitive.  Meaning that all producers and consumers have access to the same information and that all output is equivalent.  So if a boss doesn't give you a raise because you work your ass off and you don't complain about it, he will still pay you at a lower rate even though he believes your work to be of greater value. (EDIT: This is an example of the market not having perfect information.)
1	Cassiopeia is such an awesome champion. I'm really glad that i picked her up on a whim, as she's become my default AP champ. I feel like one reason that she's so great is that at least in my experience (obviously I'm not high Elo or anything), people don't really know how to deal with her harass and overall DPS. My biggest suggestion is to first just try her out in coop games simply get used to her ability ranges, as they will feel quite unnatural for a while. However, I feel like she is completely worth the effort.   In terms of abilities, I max Q first, followed by E and then W, while leveling your ultimate whenever possible. Some people like to level E first, but that never worked as well for me. I generally use Q to harass, and will sometimes follow up with a few Es early on just to keep my opponent at low health in lane. I usually save my W to either help farm (a Q+W should kill most minion waves after a few ranks in Q) or slow my opponent. Remember that landing a Q will give you a short speed burst.   For items, I usually start off with boots and 3 pots. Although builds are always situational, I often find myself picking up an early doran's ring or two before rushing hextech revolver. As for RoA, I usually don't get it, but some people swear by it. I feel like this is something people just need to figure out for themselves. After revolver, I build a Rylai's and finish my WoTA before getting a deathcap, and the situational Zhonya's, Banshee's, Void Staff, etc.   I'll just drop a few tips cause I suck a writing guides:     Unlike other mages, you do more DPS rather than burst. Try to slowly either harass your opponent out of lane, or keep them at low health until you have our ultimate. You probably won't be taking people from 100-0 early on. Slow and steady wins the race.   Buy wards, and buy lots of them. I usually end up buying ~20 per game, and they've saved me countless times. As many of your abilities are AoE, you will undoubtedly push, and you don't want to get ganked.   On a similar note, I've been able to shut down aggressive "ganking" mages like Leblanc and Kassadin by pushing hard, and keeping them at tower. Wards helped me avoid jungler ganks.   You need to be able to find the right balance of playing aggressively and passively. Early on, harass your opponent a bit in order to gauge their skill and playstyle. Sometimes, you'll be able to walk all over them right out of the gate, and other times, you'll have to play more defence. It's better to find this out early rather than after they get first blood on you.   Ask your jungler for blue whenever you can, as you can then go spam happy and kill everything. However, don't be a dick if you don't get it, juet be more conscious of your mana and adjust accordingly.   One you become more accustomed to smartcast and the ranges of you abilities, you can try to flash-ult your opponent when they walk in to last hit. They probably won't expect it, and its almost a guaranteed kill if you've been harassing them down.   Cassiopeia's laugh is also pretty awesome. Abuse this.
0	everyone in this thread is talking about how their parents were perfect, their kids were planned, and then circumstances took a turn south, resulting in single parent upbringing. Or is flat out insulting OP.   But this post isn't directed at you. This post is directed at shit like.....20 year old promiscuous girls who get knocked up and when the father bails, posts 50 baby pics on Facebook and post statuses about how they're "strong, independent women and don't need a man to raise her kid" and "being a single mother is the hardest job" type people.   It's targeted at people who, if they had it their way, wouldn't have/want a kid at this point in their life, and come to accept their child because they kinda have to. But because they've grown up a smidgen and accept the child, they think they're the greatest thing to grace the planet and should be exalted for it as if their actions are tantamount to curing cancer.   The parents who care most about their child realize that it's their duty to raise the child and that's it. They don't parade around their child as a means to flaunt some perceived accomplishment. This applies to planned and unplanned children.   But if you're someone who thinks you're special because you got knocked up, without realizing sex has consequences, and now you're raising a child alone, and believe people should kiss the ground you walk on because of it, then get the fuck over yourself.
1	Had a freaky dream about LoL recently.   Somehow, all of the sky was black. Not a moonless night, 100% horror film, you can't see your hand in front of your face black. Most of my relatives were at our house helping us move stuff. I asked my dad some question, his response was 'Ya bring your TV and PS3, it might be worth while after.' or something. Turn back to my computer and a few friends are telling me to join them for a game. 'Sorry guys, I'm at the center and we need to move. I should have internet in an hour.' They agree to play a game with out me and I shut off my computer. No idea wtf it's about, but it kinda freaked me out.
0	He was representing A&E when he gave the interview, I'm not really sure how you could disagree with that unless you were just trying to be contrarian   Yeah, I absolutely don't agree with that... and I'm not sure how you can relate this to the instance you mentioned. Phil wasn't wearing an A&E shirt, or doing an interview that had anything to do with A&E. A more applicable scenario is one where let's say: Someone works at home depot, after hours someone comes up and asks me about my religious beliefs, I answer, the person publishes our conversation, and then I come back to home depot to find I have been fired because they don't agree with my beliefs. Just because I work at Home Depot it does not directly make me a representative of Home Depot.   >Sorry for so many edits but you do know by opinion I meant findings of court cases related to employment discrimination right?   Yes I did, and a judgement is nothing except an interpretation of a law where the understanding of said law may be unclear. And that interpretation of the law is nothing more than the opinion of the judge on how he or she believes the law was meant to be applied. I am uncertain of where this specific situation would fall in a gray area under the law. If you have a similar court case that represents the gray area under this statute or law then again... please post it.
0	So basically, when shit goes down, you  don't  have your friend's back.   Good lesson for him to learn, I guess.
0	I'm late for the party but I want to rant anyways...   You don't have a 1080P HD Video Camera... sure, you don't have a Digital SLR...sure. But, WHO DOESN'T HAVE A CAMERA? I don't care if the image is shitty, that's way better than no image. Not only does this hurt the seller, but it's hurting the buyers. (A.K.A. Me and you)   When I'm on Craigslist I'll only look at postings with pictures. Sometimes I feel like I'm missing out, I could be getting a way better deal... but it's just not worth the risk of driving somewhere to only find out whatever I was buying is complete shit and should never have even been considered.
1	or dont pick a champion just because you think you are good at that champion. If it is a lane that isnt in your favor you might be better off picking a champion that does better in that lane.
1	Hi I'm Neal aka SirDrinksAlot312 aka ManiacofOlympos. I am support main who doesnt play ranked. My rank is Bronze 1 for those who wonder but I havent played a ranked game since early Season 4. I play support or mid quite often.   I've been told I have a nice grasp of the game and a lot of game knowladge but I dont have the mechanics. My stream is mostly about fun games. If you want nice classic rock and me singing them so bad that would make the artists cry, you should tag along.   I try to teach the game to the best of my ability too with my limited mechanics and less limited knowledge. I stream every day at different times. I will brings some order to my chaotic streaming hours soon.
0	Actually, you can't relate.   Yes I can.   >she has significant hearing loss. You need someone to face you and speak clearly? That's cute. She needs to turn the television up loud enough that you can hear it in the front yard.   So do I. I wear headphones when I listen to series or movies because I don't want to bother my neighbours. Especially the dvds/blurays as of late I need to turn up ridiculously loud. Not because I need that kind of volume to hear a normal voice - I need it to distinguish the voice from the other sounds that are playing all the time.   You really don't seem to grasp the concept of being hearing impaired. It's not a binary volume problem. Yes, turning up the volume can help, but it's the worst solution. If I had the choice, I would turn down every kind of audio expect dialogue during conversations - not boost the volume of everything so much that the dialogue starts overpowering the rest.   And you think this is just me? That your  grandma  mother-in-law is so different and just acts like that to annoy you? Try talking clearly, not more loudly. I bet you have never tried. I bet you have never even considered that that is a possibility.   You know how brains make a picture look just as bright when less light enters your eyeballs? Wear dark sunglasses, for half a day. When you take them off, even your desk lamp will hurt your eyes.   Brains don't sit idly by as hearing decreases. We hear just as loud, and our brains do a decent job of filling in the gaps (missing frequencies) until there's no longer enough data for our brain to reconstruct what that thing was supposed to have sounded like. It becomes a blurred sound, just like how wearing the wrong glasses will give you blurred vision.   Raising your tone of voice changes not just volume, but also your tone. It makes you sound annoyed or even aggressive. Your  grandma  mother-in-law did nothing to deserve that, and you probably don't mean it like that. But that is what it feels like.
0	Look, guys. Don't blame the sound editors, it's no their fault. A good sound editor will do mixes for surround sound and for stereo (the speakers on your TV). The problem here is that you are not receiving the correct mix. Either the network is only broadcasting the 5.1 or 7.1 mix, or your TV is set to play the surround mix, while only having a left and right speaker.
1	If you let random strangers dictate whether you find personal enjoyment in each game, then yes, then solo queue on League of Legends might not be for you.   Also, expecting great communication with 4 random strangers?  Don't hold your breath.
1	But it much more heavily nerfed our ability to read the patch notes, making
1	I know that feeling. it was pretty much the same for me.   i play games to win, if i lose, i'll just get mad, rage and feel frustrated afterwards. but winning is no fun either most of the times, because they are mostly pretty one sided and not close at all.   but i was able to change that, not playing league for a week with uninstalling it helped quite alot.   you get a break which in my eyes is needed every so often, it helped me enjoy league again and appreciate the matches a little more.   also i want to note, don't play aram, in my oppinion they are no fun at all, they are just luck based on who gets the more op champs and are even more frustrating then 4 feeding teammates..   just my opinion though.
0	I made the mistake of correcting someone about their grammar. Then someone corrected my correction and reddit went insane. I was right the whole time.
0	Not to put too fine a point on it, but the concept of a "best source" is, in this context, sort of meaningless. Humans need cobalamin, and you can get it from eating a variety of foods where it occurs as a natural by-product of bacterial metabolism, or you can get it as a commercially produced supplement (no animals involved).   Your body could care less what the source is.
1	Eh not necessarily what it says. I was writing a huge post explaining how the graphs should be interpreted but it got to 3 paragraphs and I was only half way done so I just gave up.   It's not necessarily a comparison to what the player "should have." It is simply an average (as you said). It's an average of eight teams, some of who may be doing what they "should be" with the distribution of gold while others may be doing something far differently from that. The average of the teams is not necessarily what the gold distribution of an ideal team "should be," in fact one might argue that TSM's gold distribution should be used as that indicator since they have the best record right now.   Think of it this way. Assume arguendo that the "ideal" ratio of a team that wants to win in this meta (it would depend heavily on the meta; S2 you would see an ideal team give perhaps 30% of the gold to the ADC) is 25% to mid, 20% to ad, 20% to top, 20% to jungle, and 15% to support. This ideal set of ratios is not necessarily the average, and if each team were compared to this ideal set the graphs would look slightly different.   Every time a team like XDG or Coast overemphasizes or underemphasizes one role or another, it changes the average that the other teams are compared to. CLG's graph can be a good example of this. Perhaps the "ideal" situation is as CLG has it (what looks to be somewhere around ~19-21% for each role around). However because of the way that some teams have chosen to emphasize gold distribution, the graph makes it LOOK LIKE CLG is underemphasizing Link.
1	The main difference between Javelin Toss and other siege spells like Mystic Shot and Bouncing Bomb is the frequency and intensity of damage. Mystic Shot/Bouncing Bomb apply pressure (you don't want to get hit) and are harder to dodge, but require a lot of hits to push someone out of the fight. Javelin Toss applies pressure in a more intense way. Yes, they are easier to dodge, but if one spear connects you can zone that person out and force an advantageous fight. A decision needs to be made to change Javelin Toss into a lower-impact but easier to use spell (thematically makes more sense IMO) OR keep it as-is and balance her kit around a 1500 range nuke.
1	dude, learn how the system works before doing dumb criticisms...
1	Hi, let me start by saying welcome to the internet you must be new here... Honestly the internet is anonymous, meaning when people have the chance to be ass holes and bully/belittle people to make themselves feel better they will every time.   If you aren't having fun with the game then stop playing if it's a player problem do arranged 5s or use "/mute all" when the game starts. Not trying to be offensive in this reply but you seem really upset over something that more than likely came from some 14 year old kid. "You're shit" "That's why you're in bronze." Does this person realise they are also in bronze and were also part of the reason the game was lost?   reddit isn't the place to come to for counselling if things random people say over a keyboard hurt you so much you should probably speak to an actual person who can help you. Didn't mean to be overly harsh here but you seem like you just need some harsh words to make you realise this is the real world a lot of people out there are assholes.
1	Armor reduction: teamwide AD buff, it's somewhat of the AD equivalent of abysall scepter with the MR reduction aura.   Flat: flat reduction/penetration is better the lower the armor is of your target. So it's good against squishies and then mostly early on. General rule: Flat reduction/penetration gets better the more you have of it. (penetration only until 0)   Meaning: Good in combination with other reductions or penetration. (brutalizer, corki's shred, armor pen marks, ...)   Main downside of the item: you have to charge up the stacks. an AD carry gets a very limited time-window to attack before they have run, kite or simply die. (Ezreal is more elusive so he might work) This means the item seems aimed at champions with sustained damage and sustained auto attacks. (like GP maybe) however these champions rarely build a lot of AD other than what they get from Atma's and to get it after Atmogs is silly because at this stage of the game you benefit more from LW.
1	The Olaf nerfs right after the Season 3 Qualifiers still kinda baffle me. He was nerfed in a time where the Season 3 patch was still being fiddled with, and there were still item problems far superior to Olaf's strength (Cleaver Fever, Sunfire+Mogs, Red Elixir start) which i guess you could argue Olaf would be strong in all of them, in addition to his strength in the S2WC.   Yeah that probably is grounds for a nerf, but the reason IM MAD is because of what became of top lane anyway. Characters like Renekton, Riven, Shen, and Rumble came into fruition, and even at the time I dont think Olaf had a clear advantage against any of them besides maybe Shen. He was great against the more auto attack-y junglers that were popular at the end of season two like Irelia and Jax, but they both fell out of fruition anyway with the Triforce nerfs. I also think pre-nerf jayce / elise would have absolutely crushed him, who were both strong top lane / strong picks in general for nearly all of season 3.   Anyway,
1	The best part was that Regi at first was saying Turtle was the ONLY reason they lost. Xpecial was acknowledging the fact that Turtle was the BIGGEST reason they lost, but NOT the ONLY. Then at the end of the episode, Regi said Turtle was the BIGGEST reason they lost, but NOT the ONLY, and then went on to say Xpecial was arguing against that.
1	Exactly. Pretty much any of the popular supports shit on Kog for the first 20 minutes of the game. I actualy think that it's perfectly fine for supports to have a strong laning phase, but I think some ADs just have ridiculously weak laning phases. I think Rito is putting too much emphasis on damage values when trying to evaluate how weak a champs laning phase has to be to justify his lategame.   Lategame dps is not just about the damage part, but also about the "seconds" or time part, which is where especialy Kog has problems. Having an escape mechanism effectively gives you more dps because you survive and deal damage for a longer period of time. This is also where cast times and animations come into play. For example, Vayne, Twitch have all of their damage bound to their autoattacks. There is no additional animations they have to go through to put out the maximum amount of damage. Varus, Corki and Ezreal are the exact opposite, in that they have a lot of power bound to cast times and animations and need to go through these and "waste time" to deal the maximum amount of dmg. Cait, Lucian and Quinn (in that order) are somewhere in between casters and autoattackers, seeing as they have fairly long animations they need to go through, but also a fairly powerful autoattack steroid.   You could argue that early to late balancing being too much about the damage aspect of "DPS" is the reason why champions with a flatter powercurve are more effective. Cait, Lucian and Twitch are prime examples for this phenomenon. Only in rare cases like Ryze, Jax, Renekton, Vayne and Lee Sin a bigger amplitude in the power curve is worth it.
1	The effort that goes into a khazix skin is a lot more than other champions due to the nature of khazix and all of the different models.  Khazix will get the skin out of pure practicality on RIOT's end.  Khazix, like Udyr, is a pain in the ass to make a skin for (whether legendary or 1350) so might as well get him over with and do the ultimate for him.
1	Lol, ReginaId is already the  of LoL. Do you think  was the only person to revolutionize Brood War?   I agree with part of what you're saying in that the constant changes and updates to the game is hurting its evolution as both a casual strategy game and an E-sport, and that the game's strategy will naturally evolve without Riot's 'help'.   What you're forgetting is the limitations of Solo Queue and Arranged. Of course you have to follow the metagame in Solo Queue, you can't just tell your team to have 2 junglers and an AD solo bot lane, they will have no clue how to do it, and will think you're just trolling and wont listen to you in general.   In Arranged though, there are less limitations. M5 has already sent Urgot solo bot, with Lee Sin and Alistar double jungle, and of course it worked. The meta game has a lot of counters like this, and those counters have counters. Its both the fault of the pro gamers for not thinking past the solo queue mentality which doesn't apply in arranged (we have to follow the meta!), and Riot's fault for constantly changing the game (When someone discovers something new, Riot nerfs it before people discover how to counter it, and the game doesn't progress, it just goes back to how it was).   The strategies in Brood War have changed A LOT over the years with hardly any patches, because the player's will learn how to counter the counters, and how to counter the counter's counters, etc. And less patches LoL would help that happen to it as well, but as I said above, it is also the player's fault (Keep in mind that LoL is a 5v5 game, not a 1v1 game, so it is a lot harder to innovate. M5 has been doing this the best, which is why they're so dominate in tournaments)   Also, LoL constantly patching when each team has 3 bans is ridiculous.
0	I've heard this line of reasoning before, and one of the main issues that I have with it, or rather the issue that I have with people who hold this belief, is the inconsistency between their argument that unsavory people of all races can be niggers and their willingness to actually apply the "nigger" label to people who aren't black without being prodded.   A non-black person being called a nigger rarely, if ever, seems to be something that just happens organically (not counting XBL of course). Normally when I see or hear this phrase, it's after someone calls a black person a nigger and is then presented with the question of whether or not the person would still be a nigger if they weren't black.   You can see this on Reddit quite often. Video of black people fighting? Niggers. Video of non-black people fighting? No niggers found. Or for a real-life example, how many times have you heard Jerry Sandusky referred to as a nigger for molesting and raping multiple children?   I'm sure there are people who truly believe and practice what was stated in the OP, but most of the time it just seems like something that people throw out their to cover their own asses.
1	Well, since you had 14 of your teams kills, you got burdened with increasing responsibility for winning the game. Since you didn't win, it's your fault, since you had like double the gold of other people on your team.   Basically, your entire team was resting on you because you got all of the kills, and if you ever died then the rest of your team would fall in seconds. If a fight ever broke out and you weren't there, your team died because you took all of the kills and money so they were outclassed.   Try letting your teammates get more of the kills (by gifting them the secures, even though you're the carry) so they can contribute to fights as well.   Also, >I had no fault in this game Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. Hahahahahahahah. Hahahaha. Haha. Ha. Oh man, that was great. Seriously, ignore everything I said above, because your step one is     Get over this mindset.      You made plenty of mistakes, I'm sure (honestly, you died 4 times; are all of those perfect worth dives/trades where you sacrificed yourself for several major objectives and moved the game forward in a way that couldn't be accomplished without dying? You never got caught out a single time or missed a kill you might've picked up with slightly better play?), and there are just some games that you're going to lose thanks to forces out of your control. League is not a single-player online game, it's a team game. If you belong in the higher division, keep playing and you'll make it through the promotions. Don't bitch and ask for a loss prevention just because you happened to be on the losing team.
0	I was in this situation once when I was making salsa. I cut up the peppers and then went to take a piss. I like to squeeze my dick to get all of the pee out so I touched the tip too. It felt like Satan was sucking my dick and my pubes were fire ants. I tried dunking my dick in the toilet to alleviate the pain but it was no use. Finally I resorted to sticking my dick in a tub of pistachio ice cream, which actually worked.
1	Don't worry about it. You're going to rise again once all the divisions normalize again. Think of it this way: at the beginning of every sports season, all teams start equal at 0-0. By the middle of the season, the elite teams begin to distinguish themselves from the pretenders and the true scrubs. By season's end, the best are (usually) recognized as such and go to the postseason to compete for a championship. Obviously no postseason or championship for the majority of LoL players, but you get the idea. It's a reset. At least everyone didn't get completely equalized and put in silver, which would probably be equivalent to 0-0 in most sports leagues.
1	Ahri has really good mobility with her ult. She can chase people down or run away really effectively. Also, her poke is really good and if you manage to land her charm it's really rewarding.   Another thing about her charm is that it brings people towards you, helping your team get a kill on someone who is out of position.   Slightly off-topic: I hope you mean "ult" when you say "global".
1	Without actually knowing the reason for the servers being down, I can try and explain what moving a server might mean.   A server might be moved physically, from one location to another -- it's possible that Riot has decided to change ISPs and/or server providers, and as Servers are very, very expensive to purchase and maintain they have likely leased (rented) servers from another company.   With that in mind, moving the server physically involves transferring ALL data from one server to an external storage unit, likely with multiple backups to ensure little-to-no data is lost, and then transferring the data from these back ups to the new servers. Keep in mind how long it might take you to sync an iPod with a few gigs of new songs.. They're doing this on the level of tens to hundreds of thousands of gigs (terabytes).   And they're doing this twice. And making sure everything got copied successfully afterward, and while there are techniques to making sure you have the proper file (Hash comparison comes to mind) it still takes time, and if they are inconsistent they have to track down the inconsistencies.
0	I would very much suggest you don't go through with this if you are actually joining a MLM type situation, if only because of the crazy amount of people on reddit that have gone through it and hate it now. There is a slight possibility you could be successful, but it is far more likely you won't be. Otherwise MLM jobs would be far more common to live off of. Unless you are just looking for "beer money," then be my guest.   It's not about whether the product works, or everyone needs it. It's about the view the public has on salesmen and the "door to door" feel that MLMs have. No one wants to listen to you prattle on about your product, no one wants to tell you no (so they don't want to talk to you at all in the first place), and unless this person likes to impulse buy random shit all the time, they probably aren't going to trust whatever it is you're selling. Think of all the scams that are sold this way, and how quickly those are going to come to mind the second you start talking.   I'm not saying everyone will say no and you're going to fail miserably, but you are right about the 99 nos and 1 yes. Plus you have to think about liability insurance. That was the big flashing sign I should get out of the business. I was a stupid college kid selling fucking  knives  where the customer was supposed to handle them during the presentation, and my boss never told me about liability insurance. You are considered an independent contractor, so if customers get sick/hurt/whatever off of what you sell them, they can sue you directly and if you don't have insurance, it's coming out of your pocket. If they haven't told you about this before you go out to sell things, leave. What else are they not telling you? How else are they going to screw you over? You don't know. Maybe it was a mistake, but what other mistakes concerning really important things are they going to make? It's not worth it.
1	Karma...   Okay, here's is my official opinion of Karma:   She is a support mage that needs a solo lane. Does that sound like it makes no sense? Well, you're wrong. Zilean is a support that lanes, as well as Morgana, and I don't need to tell you those are strong choices.   Karma excels at helping your melee carries and assassins do their dirty work, and rape the living shit out of the enemy team. You can speed them up, shield them (maybe softening the enemy team up), then healing everyone after the initial burst happens.   CDR is almost more important on Karma than AP, simply because CDR gives you mantra charges at a timely rate, and lets you spam all of your shit more, and generally do a lot more. If you don't get 40% CDR, you are doing it wrong.   Currently, she is not a strong choice for solo queue, simply because she requires a team who knows how to utilize Karma's strengths for the betterment of the team. And, since she really can't be played in solo queue, that's why I feel she isn't played in tournaments either. I personally believe she is plenty strong, just any kind of buff given to her (a third mantra charge, for example), would destroy the entire idea behind Karma.
1	Its disconcerting how people are acting in the thread.  I can try and make discusssion but its hard to articulate what i want so ill ramble and hope it comes out as id like it to.   I honestly can't tell anything from this switch till i see it.  Xmithie in soloq is actually a pretty huge rager, so his play looks worse in general, and soloq isnt a great indication of how good a person does in competitive play (with an easy example being mancloud being routinely camped in soloq because he pushes out early since its better for competitive but not having the countergank pressure a team environment provides lets him die pretty often).  However xmithie in terms of talent is slightly overrated.  I feel like theyre trying to make this an xpecial/turtle lane, when i think overall skill level its closer to a wiz/dream lane.  Solid but not overpowering.  From what ive picked up of interviews and small bits of scrim "listen ins" is that xmithie is fairly quiet except for calls themselves so bloodwater has to communicate lane pushing, overall health, timers, to the rest of the team, so trading/kill scenarios may be effected if they dont get enough synergy together   Ive seen zuna stream multiple times and hes pretty good at identifying the problem and putting a solution pretty quickly but i feel like he falls short in execution due to not actually enjoying soloq enough to practice mechanics.  I feel as though hes a bit like chauster was, enjoying competitive league, but not the game itself so he faulters in what should be instant reactions for someone spamming games.   Its a tough spot, but i feel like their early game is more heavily impacted from mancloud and bloodwater knowing their kill pressure, and putting benny under more pressure top usually forsaking it, to allow risks in the 2v2 and mid.  I dont ever believe it came from xmithies raw mechanical talent delivering kills. First split they admitted to mostly microing xmithie but were never known for early game, but rather incredible pick/ban and lategame comps, and second split when he took inititive to make more anticipatory calls they got the reputation for great early game.   Basically i feel like this is xdg trying to emulate the style of tsm, by having a really consistent top, kill pressure mid, and focusing the bottom half of the map as necessary to pick up objectives like dragon or early turrets.  I also feel like zunas indifference to soloq will be reflected IF major jungle changes take shape.  Vi, Eve, Olaf, Elise, Lee are mostly the meta champs, and zuna fairs better on the tanky ones.  If snowball jungles become popular, zuna may well be the cause of burden on his team, needing to be higher priority in kill taking might be detrimental to him.
1	The one I like to use the most is Pantheon vs. Wukong. In my experience, Pantheon absolutely shot on Wukong.   Because both are melee, both farming at the same time is usually not a common thing. If Wukong decides to focus farm rather than harass you, free spear shots on him all day. You have range harass and he doesn't. If he decides to harass you as well, any time he uses Nimbus Strike to jump in, you can instantly stun him before he has a chance to stealth away, giving you a free Heart Seeker Strike.   Also, both Heart Seeker Strike and Spear Shot ruin Wukong. If you throw a spear at him and he stealths in response, the real Wukong still gets hit by the spear. If you start Heart Seeker Strike, he will still take lots of damage from it before he can outrange it. His clone doesn't help him at all against any of Pantheon's abilities.   Plus, Wukong thrives on being able to Nimbus Strike in and use Crushing Blow for lots of damage. Because of Pantheon's passive, you can block Crushing Blow every time, leaving Wukong's harass to be ONLY Nimbus Strike. Nimbus Strike vs. Pantheon Stun+Spear+Heart Seeker Strike is a pretty one-sided trade.
1	Uhh... That's actually incorrect. Luck has an INCREDIBLY small effect on your MMR, seeing as how it can take over 100 games to climb a single tier (not silver-> gold, but silver 2 -> Silver 1) if you truly belong in that division/tier.   When you FIRST get to a new division (that you have rightfully earned and not been boosted/ect.) then yes, your win-rate should be roughly 50% since you're playing against people just as skilled as you are; but the more you play against those players, the more comfortable you get playing at that skill-level. Eventually, after enough practice, the quality of the players in the tier you are in will be below what you have achieved from your hard-work. You will carry more games and therefore get placed in a higher tier, and the process starts over and over again.   Even if you were supposed to be in bronze elo, if you (somehow) always played against low-gold players, after enough games you would learn what it takes to be a gold player.   Obviously the ELO system prevents this sort of thing because a mid-gold player will dominate a low-bronze player and reduce their MMR down to where it should be, but I'm just trying to show that luck has almost nothing what-so-ever with the tier/division you're in.   People have said it a billion times, and I'll say it again. If you're in bronze, your skill level is bronze. I've never once seen a platinum-ranked smurf get stuck in "elo hell" in low-silver ELO because they're better players.
0	This isn't going to do much.  If she can't figure it out, the next guy who she's gargling will have her just take it to get swapped for a new one.  Microwaving it isn't going to leave any noticeable damage, so they'll just assume it's defective.  Since this all sounds like it happened rapidly, the phone will be under warranty.
1	Morello's response for those at work / unable to check / lazy:   To clarify this, let me dev diary Pulsefire Ezreal for you guys;   At the start, it was determined Ezreal needs not only a new skin, but something that'd be worth the wait since the last one. What we started with was a pretty clean and simple cyborg-inspired Ezreal skin that had a little clean-up to do. We could ship it out, but we wanted to make it better quality.   After improving it, our zealous (in a good way!) particle artist Adam started adding sweet little touches to it, and we just kept seeing more and more potential. Now, after the particle effects were ramped up, the animations needed to match....it kept getting better and better, but as we upped each new element, the art guys kept getting excited on what was coming together and kept pushing it further with new stuff.   Basically, we want to do something really special with Pulsefire Ezreal, but the reality of that is it takes a lot longer. This kind of thing (development time vs scope) happens all the time, but a lot of the reason we don't reveal the information early is because the expectation of it coming out really soon after people find out occurs.   So, no new info other than "soon(tm)", but I at least wanted to give you some insight as to why we're not releasing it yet. And I think it's the right decision - it's totally worth it.     The question he was answering:   Just been checking out videos people have made for the skin and the top comment on one of the videos was this. "This skin was removed because riot felt it didn't fit in quite well. So don't hope for it. It use to show under his skins not anymore. I wanted this skin so bad."   I've also heared other stuff like it was held back for some touching up before it'll be released. I really hope we will get it because it's very Unique and as a kind of skin collector I can't pass this one up.
1	Honestly though, at least it gets to the point. Some articles seem to start with 8 paragraphs of geopolitics before they tell you the
0	There is a song called "Jueves" by la Oreja de Van Gogh ( spaniard band) that talks about this girl who would refuse to take the right train just to see this guy. She always wished that she would be "taller" and a bit more clever, sometime she wished she were one of those magazine models. In an attempt for him to notice her. Right when she takes a leap of faith and decides to talk to him, she finishes giving him "her last breath", literally because at the end the train crashes and she dies. The song refers to the terrorist attacks in Barcelona on March 11, 2005 which killed the people on the train. So .... Just wanted to share the song.
0	Girls are freaking disgusting! I work at a bar/restaurant and have to clean the restrooms every morning. The men's restroom is almost always clean except for of course some piss on the floor or toilet seat. But the women's restroom is filthy. I see blood all over the inside of the toilet several times a week, and the underside of the seat is ALWAYS drenched in dookie water! It always smells horrible too! And then there's toilet paper, seat covers, and paper towels all over the floor! But the one area that's clean is the sink/mirror. So I'm pretty sure these women do all the nasty stuff and don't even wash their hands afterward!  Guys, we just pee. That's it. We're not gross, we'll avoid pooping in a public toilet at all cost. I know some guys who don't even poop at their family/friends house. Girl's will dookie anywhere! So you got, pee, dookie, period blood, and oh yeah! Women can't handle their alcohol either so they throw up several times a week, but they either miss the toilet, or think they're too good to throw up in a toilet and go in the sink!
0	Hey, student from a high school that had technology for every student (mac books to be exact) checking in! I went to 3 different high schools so I  experienced high school both with and without the resource.  Technology in the classroom is an amazing opportunity. I was part of the inaugural class and it was rough at times, teachers had to learn how to utilize the resource and keep students from using it for non-school activities, but overall it made for a much improved learning experience!
1	I just read the rules, they say nothing about the match starting within 30 minutes, they simply say 30 minutes to contact, the screenshot shows him replying the 2nd text right away (he could have missed the first it it was while loading the match).   In fact the rules to say: Unfair play:   The following actions will be considered unfair play:    5) Unsportsmanlike or disruptive behavior such as inappropriate and/or unprofessional actions directed towards another player or tournament official.   It can trivially be argued that OP is the only person who broke the rules.
0	I think a part of this is the attitude that men are taught to have towards emotions. Someone mentioned in this thread that "women are sometimes afraid to explain why their upset because society tells them that if they act angry, they're just being a hormonal bitch."   The thing is, guys are taught "You should not have emotions, and if you do happen to be cursed with them you should certainly never let them show." Thus emotional displays represent an entirely different tier of "Something is wrong" to a guy that has been raised with that social norm.   The net result is that if a guy is visibly upset, whatever is bothering him is serious, like life altering and unsolvable, and deep down they really just want to vent but don't feel that they have a safe space to do it. Someone with less baggage might be visibly upset because their favorite soda is out, or cry because they liked a song. If a guy like that is crying? It probably means their entire life is about to implode and they can't fix it...   When they're trying to get you to express yourself, they're projecting their own insecurities about emotions onto you. They assume that you too have something serious, but don't feel you can safely express it. They're trying to show you that they  are  that safe place, and that it's okay to unburden yourself. That, and if you're in a serious relationship they might be afraid whatever serious shit you're worried about will affect them; after all, you have a face like you just got cancer or lost your job!   (Note: All of this assumes a decent human being who genuinely wants to help and be supportive.)
0	I will try to respond in a similar tone.   Because history is only stuff that was resent. /sarcasm   Think about that for a minute.   History: "Those who do not learn from the past are doomed to repeat it."   Learning History: Aquire knowledge or commit to memory.   The mother of all learning:  repetition   (repetitio est mater studiorum)   Also, Palestine (and Israel) are both still kicking and screaming)   Let, see who else:   Taiwan Some British territories(terminology?), although it's more a political thing.   Koreans(born) in Japan (don't have citizenship).   A lot of eastern-block countries/cultures right now are pretty vocally and violently arguing with Russia.   Quite a few more if I take more time to read up on it.
0	I had to read it from the thumbnail because I can't go to qkme.me from my governemnt computer but I'm pretty sure I know what it says and I have the perfect story for this.   So I had this friend who went to a different high school then I did, I met him through a group of mutual friends. This kid was always happy and you would never think anything was going downhill for him. Well apparently it was, one day he just shot himself in the head, he never asked anyone for help, never told people he was depressed, nothing. Zero signs. Now I wasn't really good friends with him, I'd known him for like a month maybe, and didn't see him everyday.   The mutual group of friends on the other hand, they hung out all day, everyday for the past like 8 years. Well obviously this shit hit's them hard. I was shocked because out of all the times I talked or hung out with him he just seemed so happy. Well eventually things blow over, and like all people we go on with life.   Well one day the group of friends is hanging out some where and someone cracks a joke about suicide, so this girl decides that it's offensive to her, understandable, if you lose a close friend to suicide it can change the way you look at things. Here is the catch, she'd never personcally known someone who committed suicide. Here is what she says to them "Umm that's not funny, there was a kid at my school named A who killed himself" Now A just so happened to be the very good close friend of the group. My buddy S literally had to be talked out of beating the shit out of her in public. They had to physically escort him away from her because his rage was becoming uncontrollable
1	The Anti snowball mechanic that Riot has applied during season 3 and so on, really, have simply been amplified by the reason that they changed drake. I completely agree with you that in low Diamond there is a major problem considering these facts. People are good enough to hold on to their lead, and now with the new drakes it is no problem, because you dont actually have to take risks even if you are ahead.  I feel like all my Diamond games is either a stomp for my team, or the enemy team. I never witness any of those epic comebacks anymore because of the pure strenght of grouping in this meta and how simple it is when you are ahead..
0	The press should be allowed to investigate and prepare a story on any case, and report  that  it is happening - BUT until a verdict is reached, they should be held to stricter standards against "false light" (or defamation if false light is considered to be a form of it) laws to protect individuals. Specifically, they shouldn't be allowed to report  who  is involved - including telling details - until there is a verdict, since all persons involved are legally innocent up to that point and reports necessarily, even if not intentionally, imply some degree of guilt.
1	I would say the issue with MF comes down to lack of mobility during team fights. In the current tank meta, it's already hard enough for a team to consistently peel for the ADC. So Lucian, Graves, Tristana, Corki, Kalista, and Caitlyn amongst others - all have at least one mobility skill to assist in this. Just my thoughts I suppose, I think her damage is fantastic.
1	CC shuts down squishy melee champions way more than any other champion. Even with his shield, unless he builds tank items, he will still be squishy.   There's a reason we don't see Master Yi, Fiora and the likes in competitive play even though their damage is really high.   Yasuo's saving grace is his high skill ceiling and team comp dependency - if any melee carry succeeds in LCS, it should be Yasuo.   Lastly, the argument "CC is a counter to everyone" is just bullshit in general. Tons of champions are less affected by CC than others for a multitude of reasons. E.g. Malphite only needs to initiate with Ult + E and he will already have a significant teamfight contribution, even if you CC him afterwards. Also he's unlikely to die within a single CC given his build paths make him very tanky and still provide utility and damage. Range APs in general aren't very susceptible to CC nowadays because they can deal lots of damage from a safe (= out of CC range) distance (Ziggs, Syndra, Gragas, Orianna to name a few popular ones). Warwick doesn't give a lot of shits about CC after his ultimate because all he really needs to do in a teamfight is zone people out of the fight and keep himself up with Q - as long as his E is active this also works when he gets CCed every now and then. I've intentionally not even included champions with CC reduction/CC immunity here because those are obvious.
1	Use your range to your advantage. Throws out Q's as often as you can. Try not to worry too much about your manapool running dry, harassing is the most efficient way to spend your mana. Your range is immense, there is often no reason to run past the middle of the lane, making it a lot harder for the enemy jungler to gank you and for your lane opponent to harass you.   Against a lot of champions you can push the lane. Stay back as your minions give you vision of the enemy champion and spam your Q. You'll find that your opponents will have a harder time dodging. Do note that this is a lot more effective when you have a Blue Buff available. The ideal thing to do is to push the wave to the enemy tower, forcing your opponent to last hit under his tower and giving you some time to easily harass him/her. Your minions often get killed soon enough for the lane to reset to the middle again. Repeat this once or twice and you'll be able to force your opponent out of creep range while you can theoratically pick up every creep along the way.
0	Bruce Jenner was married to Kris Kardashian (mother of Rob, Kloe, Kourtney and Kim Kardashian). They were married for almost 25 years up to just a few weeks ago. Their divorced was finalized on March 23, 2015. Bruce and Kris had two kids: Kendall and Kylie. Additionally, when Keeping Up With the Kardashians was beginning in 2007, the Kardashians themselves weren't famous enough to bring in many viewers. Bruce was the one that got the show up and running using his fame from being such a great athlete. As the show went on and the Kardashians became more famous, he chose to start leaving the show's spotlight and now is barely on it at all.   The whole family has been very supportive of Bruce and his transitioning. He chose to watch the interview air with the Kardashian clan last night (according to tweets from the family).
0	So here's a story   My GF and I get off the plane, grab a taxi and check into our hotel. We arrive in our room and take a look around. I see these complimentary snacks next to the TV, which include some cashews. I'm starving at this point, so I dig in. The next morning I realize there's a little sign listing the prices of each item. Yep: $19 just for that impulsive handful of cashews before dinner. The rest of our stay I was paranoid about everything in the room. Can I use this? Does this cost money?
1	The actual thing is more about effective-hp efficency. Lets say you have 1000 hp and 0 armor compared to 500 hp and 100 armor. In both cases your effective health(the amount of not-reduced damage one can sustain) is the same. Thats where lifesteal/heal/shields makes difference. You have to lifesteal twice as much health in first example then in second. However if you have tons of resistances and low hp and still want more eHp, you can buy warmog. Though I don't think that any champ would want to buy 5 pure defensive items and boots.
1	I disagree entirely. You literaly just made an excelent post detailing the exact reasons why jungling with the "snowball meta" mindset in lower elo queue can be a bad idea.   I see a lot of junglers do this though . In high elo I very much understand the reasoning behind the snowball meta, but you are not high elo, and more importantly neither are the people are you are playing with. Why is that important? Why does that change the strategy?   1) In high elo if a lane is "lost" they already know how to play it safe and focus on farming and staying alive. Your 0-2 lane will probably stay 0-2 until team-fights start and its best to go somewhere else where your ganks have a better chance of getting someone fed. In bronze, silver and to a lesser extent gold queue however, this is not the case. When you leave that bot lane alone it they will probably still try and be aggressive or still farm out in the middle of the lane. The enemy jungler will likely focus on that lane and rather than having a salvageable lane you have a 0-7 lane and a fed to shit enemy ADC and jungler. Chances are you lost the game at the point.   2) only gank if a lane actualy needs your help. A 4-0 top lane with a 2-3 level lead on their lane partner does not need you to secure a kill. They are already fed. Work on getting someone else on your team fed aswell.   3) babysitting can change the tide of a lane in lower elo where the other team isn't smart enough to rotate everyone down to that lane to deal with it. You have to be careful though as you don't want to bring more heat down on a losing lane.   I am certainly not saying that a lane losing is the junglers fault, I'm saying that if you are not high elo, and you expect your bot lane to "lose gracefully" and not just keep feeding the enemy kill after kill...you are going to have a bad time.
0	this wizardry might -- MIGHT -- be faster than me fishing out my phone, unlocking it, opening the folder called "Calculate", opening the Conversion app, selecting the Distance mode, setting the units to Mi->Km, and typing in 150. Because I'm not super fast at math.
1	My recommendation: as a first stage play with her, but play for FUN, have a great time together, bond with each other even more than before, gain her trust by making awesome plays together, learn how she plays, is she a risk-taker? what lane does she prefers?. Always focus on having fun and creating a strong bond. Eventually, she'll trust you and will be happy to spend time with you and know that you will understand her. When you reach that spot, tell her to do something else for fun. If she finds you already like someone fun she'll follow you. Don't worry, for now, about school friends, brothers and sisters relationships are more important.
0	GPS is still one-way communication.  There's no satellites or cell towers to record its location in the middle of the ocean.  Yes, GPS on mobile phones is accurate with just satellites.  It's more accurate with towers and wifi hotspots assisting it.
1	As some other people have already said,  there's no "best" ADC that is simply the best in every given situation.  ADC's are stronger than other ADC's depending on their team comp and the opposing team comp.     You can argue that  some champions bring more to their team  than others, in which case Varus looks like the "best" ADC, but Varus falls flat against a disengage/poke comp that can nullify his ultimate (such as Janna + Jayce + Anivia).   You can argue that  some champions are safer than others , in which case Ezreal looks like the "best" ADC, but Ezreal struggles against a hard-engage comp focused on taking out a target quickly (Vi + Zed for example).   You can argue that  some champions simply deal more straight up damage than others , in which case Vayne looks like the "best" ADC, but Vayne gets destroyed by comps which run AS slows (Nunu + Nasus + Malphite for example).     In order to determine how strong an ADC is, you have to look at overall team comps and strategies.  This means looking at what the team comp wants to accomplish, how they go about doing this and how the ADC will fit into that comp.   With any ADC pick, you have to consider your support, lane match-up and the junglers as well. Very aggressive gap-closer junglers are strong against ADC's that are not very mobile, such as Kog'Maw, and can easily nullify the advantage you would have had in your comp by repeated ganks - a Kog'Maw with no farm and no kills is hardly a threat to your team, even if Kog'Maw was a superior pick in that comp.   The same goes for supports. If you pick Vayne into Leona+Caitlyn or Sona+Caitlyn, even if your comp favors you, the lane is going to stomp you and prevent you from reaching hyper-carry status.   If you want to know which ADC performs the best in solo queue, there's no real answer either.  Caitlyn is a very safe pick, as is Ezreal, in solo queue. Miss Fortune and Varus makes for stronger team fights, Draven is an insane lane bully and Ashe and Vayne, when farmed up, can easily carry games. Each ADC has their own strength, and it's more about how skilled you are at playing an ADC than it is about the pick.   If you absolutely have to know which ADC statistically wins the most, you can take a look at the LoLKing winrates, but those tell you how much  other  people win with those champions, not how much  you  will win with them.     It would be redundant to compile a list of the pros and cons of every ADC champion, as you can find that in any decent guide for a champion.
0	It's completely normal to feel that. Can't say I've been deployed and came back to that, but that did happen after my wife gave birth.   I could spout some bullshit that a truly powerful emotional connection can and should supersede any physical attraction, but the physical aspect of any relationship is, arguably, just as important as the emotional one. It's about feeling wanted, and appreciated. Please allow me to elaborate.   I exercise religiously and eat healthy. I do it as much for myself as I do for her. In today's culture, there is a standard of beauty that applies to all of us, whether we like it or not (there are also biological imperatives at play as well, it's not all just about culture). The fact remains, however, that I DO try to live a healthy lifestyle for her. It's my own way of showing her that I care about what she thinks, and that I want her to find me physically attractive. I'm a man, and yes, I want her to desire me. So I work out, and eat right.   In time, however, I found that my spouse doesn't share the same values as me. She doesn't enjoy rigorous and grueling physical activity, or following a meticulously planned diet. For a long time, I thought that wasn't OK.   For a long time, I thought that she didn't care how she looked for me. I felt offended, and a little repulsed that she didn't care about her body (for both of us) when I took such good care of mine (for both of us). If I'm being honest, this perceived slight discouraged my attraction for her just as much as her weight, if not more.   After a few years of this, I learned quite a bit, and found what seems to be the truth for my relationship, and I hope it helps yours:   You might know, or you might not, but she most likely doesn't like her weight or appearance either.  She is probably disgusted with herself, and feels horrible. Some women can use this to fuel their physical transformation into something more aesthetically appealing, most can't though. It's mind-boggling how our physical appearances play such a dramatic role on our self-esteem.   Guess what though? There is a way that you can get your wife healthy, and more physically attractive to you! From my own experience, and from the lives of couples I have observed, it's all about different strokes for different folks!   Find out what's important to your wife in her lifestyle, and what works with her personality.  Does she absolutely need sweets, and enjoys a carefree life? Introduce her to something like Weight Watchers. Does she want to burn the weight really quick? Look into a ketogenic diet. Or is she the type that can set her mind on a goal and follow strict guidelines to get her there? Try a traditional bodybuilder cutting diet (this won't get women huge and muscular, by the way). The choices out there are vast, and 99% of the time there is a diet our there that will fit her lifestyle and work for her.   Just encourage her.  Change doesn't come quickly, usually. So lie to her, if you have to, that is, tell her that you think she is making progress (even if you don't see it right away). Tell her that you are proud of her, and that you knew she had it in her.   As for exercise, just find something that she enjoys. There were a lot of great suggestions posted by other people: take a dancing class together, rock climbing clinic, go for a jog with her a few times a week, etc. Find out what works for her and encourage her to do it.   Eliminate obstacles.  If she can't go exercise because she has to plan dinner, you do it! Let her exercise! And prepare her a healthy meal, skip the pizza (unless your diet accounts for it).   In the meantime, sexual gratification is always going to be an issue.  So spice the bedroom!  Take a risk, and step  a little  outside your comfort zone and see what little kinks she might have. Maybe buy her some toys. Maybe you're the chosen one and she might really want to add an additional person to the nighttime activities. Maybe she might be into some roleplay. Maybe she wants to play a game of some sorts.   I'm not trying to sound preachy, but remember that a marriage is a give/take, but more importantly it's about supporting each other.
1	Hey guys, I am attack, also known as iceattack on League, ex triple diamond 1 support on season 3, high dia1 season 4, (plat 3 right now, give me few days :P). I am a League supporter since season 1 and I am here to share some of my content.   I have 2 Youtube channels for you guys:   1.**[attackLeagueRundown]( - Channel dedicated to League, expect to see plays, fails and comedy to come, no regular upload schedule.   *[Here]( <- You can find my latest Rundown   2.**[attack gaming channel]( - My main channel - Gameplays, guides and all sorts of interesting stuff to be uploaded daily in 60fps.   *[Here]( <- You will find one of my most recent League games, duoqueing with a friend!
1	But the parallels he's drawing aren't similar, at least I thought.  Gargoyal is saying that the victim should not be blamed for placing themselves in a situation where they may be wronged. The behavior of the wrongdoer shouldn't be tolerated, and they should refrain from placing themselves in the situation.   CanadianSpy is saying the victim is at fault for placing themselves in a situation where they may or may not be wronged and making it seem as though the act of wronging is both commonplace and accepted by the community.  He is also saying the victim should be the one to avoid the situation instead of the wrongdoer.
1	with base damage nerf it makes more sense to rush dcap even more. The whole idea of rushing spen is that your base is doing max possible damage. Such champs like elise with low ratio but high base benefit from it most.
1	He emphasizes everything wrong with CertainlyBoopity's design patterns, starting with his entire theme: dark, edgy, lone samurai. Yasuo is the epitome of "designed for straight males." His kit then gives him all the tools to be a complete douche from the start of the game until the Nexus explodes:   0 cool down dashes that make it so he gets to chase you or "juke" you as long as he wants; a shield that charges up as he's doing this; the "double crit" passive that breaks item choices for him and turns him into a monster if he gets the slightest lead; then there's the fact that he's a melee carry with the hardest CC in the game, knockups. Yasuo was built from scratch to emphasize the entire CoD fantasy: doing shit loads of damage with high mobility and little to no counterplay (i.e. Being the hero). And I haven't even gotten into his wall.   Aside from his kit, there's the people who play him. I know I shouldn't generalize a champion's playerbase, but fuck it, I'm already biased against Yasuo and all of CertainlyBoopity's monstrosities; I haven't seen a juvenile playerbase as immature as Yasuo's since Tryndamere was popular. I bet if you were to count the number of all chat messages sent by champion, Yasuo would be in the top 5. He's a champion that makes you feel like you're outplaying an opponent (sort of like release Vayne and Nocturne) even though you're just playing a broken champion.
0	i joined AmeriCorps after hurricane Katrina because I wanted to help, but during and after my service I recognized that I and others were there for another reason: disaster is fascinating.  There's the proverbial "train wreck" from which one cannot look away.  There's something alluring about suffering and extreme dislocation of civilization, for those who live comfortably from day to day.   Why?  I connect it to the amount of hemming and hawing over the "apocalypse" in general. Stories like The Roard, Blindness, numerous apocalyptic sci-fi films, the cynicism of futurists about the chances for human survival, and, yes, zombie fiction of all stripes, all point to some kind of yearning to think about this stuff, to imagine ourselves after the fall of humanity.   Why would that be so exciting?  I have a theory, that we are into that kind of thinking, those kinds of fantasies or predictions about real nuclear threats, because all of that represents an eventual freedom from responsibility.  In a secular sense, your moral responsibility comes from living with other people in a society, in the context of civilization.  The apocalypse means it's all done.  Freedom.  You don't have to worry about what's good for the world, or how you should act to fit into it, because it's over.  There is no world.  There's just you, and survival, the simplest impulse.   That freedom opens up numerous possibilities.  One of those is 100% amoral recreational killing, and the zombie apocalypse is the best example of our desire for that.  Zombies and Nazi's; mow 'em down, and meet a desire that you have on some level to kill human beings.   But that's not the only possibility: another is to set up a new society on your own moral terms.  Think of how much we love Battlestar Galactica.  The post-apocalyptic context of that story is a big part of why it's great.  Those people are responsible for creating whatever moral order is to exist in the universe. People in such situations are the ultimate change agents, because the powers that be are gone, the status quo has evaporated in atomic flame.  Obviously there are new obstacles, but those (evil robots, unpassable scablands, cannibal hords) often fit better into our narrative thinking as parts of an epic Heros Quest than the obstacles present in our mundane, living civilization.
1	I agree with rotarytiger but I think his statement that ranked games are not for fun is false. I believe that they are for fun but the fun comes from winning.
1	good real talk   Like accusing the guy he responded to of arbitrarily counting things that are "good" or "bad", then listing his own list of things that "players value"? One of which is a feature that they added for a few days, then removed?   And he says shit like "behind the scenes we're doing cool stuff, trust me!" or "we make modifications to systems you don't know about, in ways you won't notice".   When Valve updated CS:GO's matchmaking, it was smart and significant and made it into the patch notes because they knew players wanted to know what was up. In short, if you lose to a hacker or an MMR booster, and they get caught, your MMR will be refunded.   It virtually ended boosting and hacking at my rank (DMG) over night .   They didn't have to brag about "really solid behind the scenes work!" because they were making shit happen that they  could  brag about. What can Riot brag about in the past six months? The past year? That's not to say Valve are infallible, they're not. And their CS:GO team is  clearly  understaffed. They try to push out updates that just don't adequately fix some problems (wallbang consistency, smoke grenade balance). You know it's fucked up when the "we tried, we might fail" company is  Valve . Riot have assumed the position of "we're going to sit on an idea for a year because we're afraid it won't work".   The summoner's rift update is major. That's huge. That's thousands and thousands of man hours of work that has  literally  no downsides attached. Every facet of that just emanates competency.   Name another department at Riot that operates the same way. Game balance? New champions? Player behavior? The LCS schedule? NA CS? New client? New franchises / new games (hows that TCG going, huh? Supremacy? They folded to Blizzard before Hearthstone took off the way it did)   Maybe Riot are truly in a year-long rut where SO MUCH is going on behind the scenes that late 2014 will blow everyone away. Maybe the  creative output  of the thousand-odd Rioters working at the company globally are set to blow us all away despite poor organization or management. Maybe this infrastructure building with all those international offices is going to contribute something to player experience.   Or maybe, despite the community-focused environment and the "passionate gamers" working behind the scenes, having a loose corporate structure where nothing gets done and major opportunities are passed up is going to cause stagnation.  If this is the sort of post a Rioter needs to make when Riot is experiencing unprecedented growth, imagine what things will be like when League has plateau'd or starts to decline in popularity .
0	this is bullshit.  I am a guy with a beard -- and my wife is ok with it.   But if your wife/gf doesn't like your beard, you shouldn't have one.   Why?   Would you like your wife/gf as much if she got fat?  Probably not.  Why?  You don't find her as attractive.  So, you want her to stay slender.   Guess what?  Your wife/gf also doesn't find the beard attractive -- and she  wants  to find you attractive.  Is that really that hard to deal with?
1	First, I want to say I like where your head is at, wanting to have champions to play at various roles. Far too many people jump right in to ranked and only know one role and it can really hurt a team.   With that being said here's my listing of champions to play for each role you asked:   ADC   Lucian - versatile ADC with an escape skill, which can help getting out of stick situations   Graves - great for early lane trading with his passive "True Grit"   Mid   Ziggs - has great long range poke and his aoe damage helps a lot in team fights Ahri - good mid-range assassin type mage with a lot of burst damage   Jungle (the role I main)   Gragas - easy jungle clears and builds tanky. His passive gives you a ton of sustain in the jungle. Go cinderhulk to righteous glory then itemize based on enemy team comp from there   Jarvan/Vi - these are two good pick ups if your team needs some AD. I have found a lot of success going cinderhulk as my jungle item into the new black cleaver. This allows you to soak up a lot of enemy damage while dishing out some of your own   Sejuani - great tank and team fighter. She can make up for a behind team with a well placed ult. Sadly, her early game clear speeds are tough and she can be subject to counter jungling.   If you have any additional questions about the junglers, feel free to pm me. Good luck! :)
0	and yet much bigger businesses regularly hire the same people and stay open just fine.
0	Appropriate username is appropriate!   See, at least you have decent reasoning behind your tailgating. Yesterday on my commute home, a person started rising my ass BECAUSE I moved into the right late. There was a person speeding up behind me, and I noticed it in time, so I moved over.   Then this other car was trying to fly around the first car I noticed by getting into the right lane, and speeding up on me. We weren't the only cars on the road, it was a busy time of day. They rode up on me and threw their hands up in the air, like I was the fucking idiot for getting in the SLOW LANE.
1	I always wondered if people were telling the truth when they said stuff like this and for some reason I decided to check up on you. Turns out you were lying.   I went onto your account and you posted a lot of videos of you making plays on your youtube account and I found your IGN from your videos.   Then I took a look at a couple other videos by OP and found his IGN from a Jax game. And surprise surprise OP has a game with an Ez, Thresh and Lee (himself) with a Vayne and Amumu on the other team.   And big spoiler! Amumu didn't match your ign, not to mention you play on 2 different servers :o   I think I caught you red handed in a lie here mate,   I don't ever go around doing this kind of stuff but just decided to and I got a pretty good laugh out of it too :)   For any of you wanting proof, Here's proof.   /u/Le4kysausage [Lolking](   /u/Qbzify [Lolking](   [Amumus actual account](   You can Karma whore /u/Le4kySausage, just make sure you cover your tracks.
1	Nothing was changed about his ultimate. His Q's base damage was reduced at later levels and the range reduced (very) slightly. The masteries are equally kind to all the ADs, so you can't say that's what made him powerful (also the fact that he became FoTM and never fell off before the mastery changes) - like I said, the only thing that happened with Lucian was people realized how to play him effectively.   Going back to the original point, nearly all of the champions released this year were inherently more complex than previous releases - especially in comparison to someone as simple as Sion. None of them are autoattack bots, not even Jinx. They may not be all be as complex as a Jayce or an Elise, but they're certainly better than you are making them out to be. We all want more champions, but after looking through the list of champions released in 2012 and seeing that the  majority  of them have all been nerfed heavily since release or are very buggy champions.. I think I like it how it is.
1	I don't know if I'm the only one, but I'll give it a try anyway : What I would love is to see the Ashe/Nocturne example in a slow-motion video in which I can see  exactly  what mouse buttons and hotkeys you press in a kiting situation. Something like a little schema of a mouse and of the hotkeys used, and they become red when you press them or something.  That way  I think I might start using attack move, but with all the videos and texts I've read about it, I still can't get used to it.
1	If you use Kalistas ult at bad times and mess up the person you're ulting it is very frustrating. Kalistas is a very trolly champ in Aram. I was on the receiving end of this and I was being picked up out of multi kills and it went from snowballing to just doing ok. Extremely frustrating.   Her ult CAN help and be beneficial, but not if used improperly and it screws them over. On top of that you where asked not to do it multiple times and you kept doing it. So you where the giant asshole troll ruining your own teammates game.
1	Well I can't speak for koreans, but as a Belgian born in brussels, my mother tongue is french.   Since I live in belgium I had to learn dutch and I hated it for the simple fact that no one where I live speaks it and I would most likely never need it in my life.   Whereas we had a lot of reasons, especially with internet coming to everyone around 1995-2000, to learn english. It's simply impossible to have a stable conversation on internet with people from all around europe in italian/french/swedish/dutch/spanish/german/...   Somehow, english seemed to make sense.   I'm really glad I'm able to write it and argue with people over internet, even though I can't really speak it unless I unleash my inner renekton (the english accent is really hard :( )
1	The thing that pisses me off the most is how that could get removed for not being directly related to league of legends, yet this subreddit is consistently filled with shit i dont want to look at like the new fkn teemo or annie skin that will make me some 1337 pl4y3r if i buy it.
1	I feel like Gromp buff + thornmail + cinderhulk later on is just very overwhelming the tank is usually unkillable as is, but is now actually doing damage to bruisers that aren't full tank plus there are tanks that are doing more damage based on how much hp they have. (I'm looking at you sejuani >_>) I feel like if they scale down the damage from cinderhulk and reduce the hp to 200 or so it would atleast help to the problem. IMO the tank meta is pretty boring for the game, I just don't have very much fun against champion X that puts on his/her shield for 1/4th of their hp and just pretty much be a wall for their AD's although thats what they are meant for, in previous seasons the tanks in the front were killable rather quickly, and now junglers with cinderhulk are very tanky.
1	Yeah, I agree, after 10 or so games of various adc's (Ez and vayne mostly) I found that I either sucked at Adc, or I didn't like the role. I left it alone to go to support, loved it, then found it boring and moved into jungle. Didn't work, mid? Sure. I have a great orianna but I can't carry the game even when I'm 6-1-2 and I start roaming because mid tower is already gone at 10 min. Came back to Adc with graves, Varus, and Ashe. Love it now.
1	That's not true. It is even mentioned in THIS video that he was considered top 3 (along with Dandy and Bengi at the time). And he really was. I don't know which jungler you thought was in the same league at the time...But I think now he is top2 with/after Dandy. Consistency is VERY important. KaKao (amongst others) carries KT A into OGN Finals - meanwhile Bengi is busy slumping somewhere (can't confirm that he is back in form until T1K plays a Top Tier Korean Team again) and his place is now home to Spirit. Whereas there have always been some hyped (not saying over-hyped) junglers who were considered top3 "for some time" like: InSec, Bengi etc, Dandy and KaKao are amongst those 3 fore pretty much 2 years now! That's damn impressive...   Also funny how KT B first got well known with InSec "the Jungler" and Ssumday top, but their most successful lineup was with InSec TOP and KaKao in the jungle. I guess in hindsight one might say "Because KaKao is just THAT good." (Well InSec was definitely not the biggest inspiration in top lane). And when KaKao swapped to KT A, KT B just spiraled downwards and the new and young KaKao-Gang is getting better from game to game. Haha I really whished I could say he was the number 1 lol but Dandy is just...yeah. I remember watching the OGN Quarter Finals and when KT A played I was like "Hell yes! KaKao is SO good!" But then White played and I was like "But...but KaKao :'(" haha. - But Top 2 sure...   just sayin' lol
0	Our school had an course signup for Creative Media (After FX), Photography and Post-Manipulation (Photoshop) and 3D Editing, and after filling the classes in a month (It was more of a signup to gauge interest as opposed to actual signup) our school buys all the licenses for a fraction of what they got a tech grant for, and spend the rest on iPads and upgrading all the LAN from 300Mb/s to Gigabit (Which is stupid because they didn't but gigabit routers) and even though the teachers (Who used to do the things taught in the courses) told the tech department they couldn't use the Dell Dimension 2100's they had (Pentium III, 512MB Ram) they didn't buy new computers. So to sum it up, we got Adobe Suite and a 3D editing suite we dont, and wont have the computers for, upgraded LAN which we dont and won't have the routers for (The tech dept overspent and administration actually wants to cut back), iPads which all teachers think are stupid and the librarian said the cart gets signed out less than once a month.
0	I arrived to the party late, but it would seem to be a blue and black/dark brown dress, but it seems like the dark part has a golden sheen to the material what light it shone upon it, I've seen material like this before.   The white could very well just be the light blue material being out colored by the light, making it appear almost white, the same light that makes the dark part seem golden.
0	I was at my boyfriends house for a family gathering. We were all playing UNO around a round table, him and I and his cousins and uncles. I am sitting right next to my boyfriend trying to strategize my next move. When I start smelling this horrid smell. A smell that I've smelled before. I gave him a wicked side glance, portraying my knowing and disgust towards him. He leaned in and whispered to me, " If you say anything, I will blame it on you." So I stayed quiet and in that minute one of his cousins yawned. He yawned at the same time that the terrible fart hit the whole family. They all exclaimed, " God damn! Been eating shit and Garbage, dude?!?" The cousin tried his best to maintain his innocence but the verdict was made. He was a shit mouth. All the while my boyfriend continued to casually play UNO and I sat there with guilt..
0	I agree a bit with OP here, I'll add my 2 cents:   I was prescribed ritalin as a child, and HATED IT. I obviously have ADD.   Reasons for hating it(at the time):    created an easy target for teasing as "Oh look, brockvenom is one of those dysfunctional kids that takes ritalin!"    at such a young age (grade school), I noticed how it affected my body and mind and didn't like it.    Ritalin made me feel "cloudy" after a while. Or 'brain dead', basically, I felt very passive.   Because of these reasons, my parents allowed me to stop taking the meds after a year or two, and for the rest of school through Jr. High and High school, I did not take medication.   Because I wasn't a complete loser, I still wanted to learn and progress despite my struggles with attention. Through my own personal growth, I developed ways for me to overcome it on my own.  I feel lucky because I learned how to cope naturally with ADD.   Everyone is capable of developing their own coping mechanisms, but the biggest one for me was multi-tasking. I found I was always distracting myself, uncontrollably. I would even realize it. Eventually I figured out I need to distract myself with  useful  distractions. For instance, at work, I usually work on at least 5 projects at a time. When I get the urge to draw my attention away from what I'm doing, I apply it to another project, and so on.   My bosses love it, it might take me a few weeks, but when I'm done with one project, usually 4 more are immediately completed, too.   Another method, no joke, was I self-prescribed Marijuana later in my years. It helped me get through college. Somehow, it helps me focus and tune out distractions. Wish I could smoke at work...   Alas, I finally began taking Vyvanse a year ago. I went from age 8 - age 26, not needing the meds. I don't rely on them, and I only like taking them if I have a lot to get done - I take breaks every weekend and some weekdays. I got a RX last year because in addition to my ADD, I was having motivation problems, which the meds helped greatly.
0	People that downvoted you probably don't know you're trying to help.  The P trap is not a trap for urine, but the way the pipe is shaped underneath.  This trap, in the shape of a P, catches big heavy objects that otherwise shouldn't be there.  Toothbrushes, combs, rings, etc.
1	People take this game seriously and want to try and aim for High elo and maybe even pro. By playing non-meta in ranked, it drastically decreases your teams chance of winning. This can affect if someone makes that reach into silver, gold, plat etc. There is a reason why there is normal games and I think you shouldn't ruin peoples experience of league by making them lose a ranked game. Furthermore, people who do take it seriously become more upset from you causing him to lose and it will affect the outcome of their future games too. So i think that you should just stick to normals if you want to play non meta. After all, the meta is there for a reason.
0	Reading all these comments make me glad I moved into a studio apartment.
1	1) Viewers have full view vision  2) Viewers 'react' faster because the scenario is built in their heads with almost 100% accuracy before any fight begins and what to expect.  3) Viewers do not need to distribute their concentration to listen to team communication, make communication, predict things beyond the fog of war, control their own heroes with mouse and keyboard and coordinate with the caller's calls.
1	Well, I didn't say that.  Also, none of the previous patches were even half as extreme when it comes to balance changes to khazix   And people overract often, but aren't always wrong or exaggerating.... People said olaf would be obliterated when they were planning that nerf for him.... and it happened.   IMO:   R change: Gutting damage reduction on his ult was a good change, that was obnoxious and needed to go.  People were saying to tone it down to 30%-35% or something but no- it had to go.  No need for him to have such a steroid, even if its an ult.  Perhaps now though we can go back to 1 second in between stealths?  Either way I'm fine with it   W change: 20% damage to monsters?  Fuck you rito, why pigeonhole him to the jungle? this "compensation buff" is only relavant to jungle kha and even still isn't significant.  The slow buff was good because evolved W was previously useless.   Q change:  Ruins champion.  Honestly, it really does.  With W being buffed I understand that this may have needed tweaking, but they just ripped Q a new asshole.  Level 1 Q is 2 more damage than an auto attack, why even spend the mana? lol.  I think if they just reduced the numbers by like 10% it'd be fine, not 20% base+scaling reduction ON TOP of isolation going from 45% to 20% damage.... really?
0	Can't say I was checking in too much.  I'm not saying that confessions need to be dark as in "I killed a person and it eats away at me every day".  They don't need to be dark at all.  For Confession Bear, I'd be happy with something along the lines of "I stole something, and my sibling was grounded for months because my parents thought it was him.  They still bring it up around holidays".   It just seems like a lot of "confessions" could easily be declarations instead.  "I'm a guy who loves making flower arrangements!"  = Fuck yeah! instead of a bear, who is second in sad animals only to Eeyore they donkey, saying "I'm a guy who loves making flower arrangements. :("
0	Or be creative. I ran out of milk so I made some out of powdered coffee creamer and water. It was pretty gross but did the job.
0	I was just stating that the evidence you used to prove the statement "Americans are farther ahead than Europeans in science and technology" was completely inadequate.   Except it wasn't. You're only convincing yourself that it was inadequate because you're trying to avoid acknowledging reality. YOUR evidence to claim that the two sources I used are inadquare was, in fact, inadequate and quite frankly, moronic.   The prowess of universities in science and the rank in the technology index are both legitimate ways of comparing the scientific and technological advancement between countries. The US is demonstrably the most scientifically and technologically advanced nation. Again, deal with it.   > I am very much in agony thinking that you spent a good hour typing that whole paragraph which not only argues against something that was never in question, but does so in a very personal, defensive, and unprofessional style manner.   Meanwhile, in your first post you said:   >
1	can someone please give me the
0	I was listening to some tapes on child development recently, and they said that the age of throwing tantrums is the age when a child's emotional capacity exceeds their ability to regulate their own actions.  So they might still have some tantrums.  Just fewer, hopefully.  I also feel bad for parents whose kids have a lot of tantrums, because we tend to blame parents for every mistake kids make, yet some of them are genetic or a natural part of development.  Some parents might never reward tantrums, and still have to deal with them, just because their child's emotions are in total flux.  Meanwhile I rarely had tantrums, yet when I did I wasn't really punished- more sequestered off to calm down.  I have a nephew now who is completely spoiled, but I have never seen him have a tantrum.  He's a brat in other ways, but it just doesn't seem to be a stage he will pass through, being about 4 now.
1	But this is still in a way your mistake, for using it on the wrong person. If you came maybe it wouldn't have ended that bad.
1	I know I'm really late to the party here, but ELO is not a system that can accommodate a team game. It's a decent ranking system for individuals who play other individuals, but even using it for what it is designed for it still has some flaws.   I'm not sure what Riot did to the math when they had ELO implemented so that it worked with multiple people. I wish I did, so I could be a bit better informed about this topic.   People weren't happy with the ranking system back when ELO was used either. But, this may be a case of not being able to please everybody.
1	I doubt that. You are playing on your account at the same computer/location.  They have many checks to make sure you're ACTUALLY Elo boosting and not just playing well.
1	I got shit on yesterday by my own Warwick jungle for going 4/0/14 on Leona support (while still taking as much damage as everyone else in the game) for a game we lost.  The game was lost because "support KS" and "mid Ezreal".  When I pointed out that I stole two of our three dragons from the enemy team (mid Ezreal got the third), two of my kills were me literally dueling somebody and winning (in the case of the first dragon steal, it was me killing the enemy jungler and then last-hitting dragon) and one of the remaining two (the one that generated salt, and my kill spree) was an Eclipse proc, he told me I procced Eclipse just to KS.  I pointed out that our team had 38 deaths (37 from enemy team + our top Nunu getting executed to red buff somehow) and that Vayne playing like a melee champ and dying 14 times probably contributed to the loss, the WW told me it was because we had "no wards", and then corrected me to say "where it mattered".  (Warwick warded 8 times in a 42 minute game.  Got 6 items at 36 or so minutes, never upgraded trinket.)   I only participate in the support circlejerk in jest (sort of like vvvortic "stuck in taco bell" comments), but it exists for real for a lot of people because in low elo, support is  still  trashed constantly, people back ping if you try to proc Targon stacks after a roam, will literally stop in the middle of lane,  in the middle of a fight  to type a salt post if you "ks", and will blame you if there isn't enough vision on the map when there are only three greens and a pink on the map, even though you, as the support, have (surprise, surprise) three greens and one pink on the map.  Just like I know someone in real life, also low elo, who constantly blames his team for feeding and taking "my mid", in literal vvvortic fashion, but deadpan.
1	THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH RIOT. Like other posters have said, get that keylogger removed NOW. If you don't know how, get a friend that knows how. Worst case scenario is for you to format your computer.
0	My Asian GF had a literal twin from behind devil best friend, she loved to give me hard time any way she could. Imagine her delight when i walked up to her and grabbed her waste from behind only to find out she wasn't my girlfriend. Walk of shame burns brothers.
0	I almost wrecked myself due to a slow driver cutting everyone off today. And after that it continued to go 20 mph on a 45 mph zone. When I turned onto my street, about 45 cars were behind me, not including the 5 in front of me. 50 cars stuck behind 1 slow moving dumbass dyring rush hour on a main road. Why he didnt take 1 if the 13 backroads to the center of town, I don't know.
1	You do realize, that group stages pretty much makes this impossible. Neither team is going to play each other in groups and it is unlikely either team gets 1st (thus playing 2nd place and vice versa).
1	This. I really improved on my artwork by attempting to draw real people and things. Especially useful for drawing people is a book on anatomy. When you understand how the bones connect to joints, and how muscles wrap around bones, you are better equipped to illustrate the body in motion.   This is a good start. I don't know how long you've been drawing, but you have the basic shape and contours of the body already. What's left is refinement:     Proportions: The body is fairly mathematical. The arm is approximately as long as the head is tall; hands are about the same size as the face, etc. For this picture, you have good proportion on the upper arm, but her forearms are too short. Try drawing this again, using the head (which is stylized nicely) as a ruler for body proportions.     Perspective: You did pretty good here, showing the different apparent heights of Nidalee's knees as she is stepping over the branch. Remember that things seem to get shorter and bigger as they get closer, and shorter and smaller as they get farther away. Again, using real pictures as a basis for your image will give you a feel for that.     Shading: You've got a good start with shading. When you're sketching the image, lightly show where the light is coming from and use that to help define the shapes in the picture through shading. For example, a sphere with a light bulb shining directly above it will have little shading above its equator, which will get gradually darker.     Textures: Something I personally enjoy doing, texture takes a lot to master. Again, use existing images to see what different textures look like in different scenarios.
1	They won't be nerfing those kind of junglers, at least in terms of itemization. The tanky support junglers running double gp5 items will still remain viable, they just want to make other junglers "more viable".   Yes the jungle camps scale in health, but it's not that significant. The tanky junglers only become fractionally behind when it comes to clear speeds. But fast clear junglers, counter junglers and assassin junglers are really hurting right now. I remember 4 months ago when I started to jungle with shyvanna it was fun, there were much more mind games when I was against the enemy jungler, counter jungling was actually viable. With proper ward placement and other strategies I would be able to counter jungle throughout the game keeping my farm up. But with the current cc heavy, constantly ganking junglers, I have to do the same. I am yelled at by my lanes for not ganking enough, even though as shyv one might argue her goal is to beat the enemy jungler and not necessarily constantly gank.   Now currently, I get yelled at if I dont jungle with someone with a hard cc (nautilus, Mao, malphite, amumu, etc) mid wants the wraiths the whole game, while bot/top constantly wants double golems.   The tanky gp5 junglers wont be hit that hard, because they will still do well at their role, and that is ganking often. The advantages that other junglers had over the initiate type of junglers has fallen off due to the way the meta has evolved into what it is today. Counter jungling, 1v1 potential, buff steal potential, sustain, clear speed, movement speed, 2v2 potential, assassination potential, ability to recover from counter jungling, escapes, tower dive potential- these were all valuable qualities that the other junglers had over the stale current jungling meta. The other strategies and qualities just don't get to shine anymore.
1	A guy with a shaco skin decided to go lane AP shaco down bot, so I thought "hey I will go blitz, that could work".   So as the game started, and this guy is talking about how he has 1500 wins. I decide to have some fun and begin roleplaying as a robot, finishing all my sentences as "beep boop" and answering questions and statements as "negative" or "affirmative".   The minions roll out, and Shaco places 3 boxes in the bot river lane. I see an oppertunity and run to the boxes for a grab on the enemy mumu. I miss and it grabs the only minion in the area. It sets off the boxes and Shaco decides to deceive and run in (no idea why), so I head in. He dies, I escape.   Then it begins.   "OMG BLITZCRANK YOU SO BAD YOU CANT EVEN GRAB UR JUST TROLLING ME U [insert every word]"   "ITS GG GUYS, IM FEEDING, FREE FOOD SHACO FREE FOOD CUS BLITZ TROLL"   So he feeds for about 6 deaths, and rage quits. Annnnd we lose. Mumu and my team reports shaco, and 3 of their team do the whole "I'm not reporting because we won".
0	I live with 6 other people, 4 men (1 of them is my partner), 2 women, and a cat. Until I started at my course I would clean everything (crazy cleaning buz ftw) until the female flatmates used me always cleaning while I was at home to have a go at our flatties.   I really, wholeheartedly didn't care about cleaning up after 2 guys with jobs and 2 guys at full-time courses, but the girls constantly whined about the guys not doing it, and made out like they had to do all the work. One sat in her room collecting mouldy dishes for weeks, the other did dishes twice a week and used it as an excuse to say she wasn't going to clean again for the rest of the month.   If you're home all day, and have absolutely nothing to do, why would you not be doing something useful? I also never understood the idea of complaining about doing it, especially if you actually had nothing productive to do that day.
1	When i began maining ADCs i played vayne, because when you've mastered here, shes more rewarding then any ADC. The only thing that you should keep in mind is that Vayne is bad in all-in situtations if she doesnt have ult (Pre 6). You can do amazing plays with her (1 sec invis op in TFs), also she is a "hypercarry" (Means that she will carry way better then most carrys, because of her absurd damage.)   Cait however is quite the opposite. She is really good early game because of her long range (650, most ranged ADs have 550) therefor its easy to snowball early on. However i believe she has the lowest damage lategame, someone calculated that.
1	Comparing Lee to TF or Orianna is like comparing apples and tennis shoes.  Sure we can find similarities, but for all intents and purposes they are completely different.  Whether lee has the "strongest kit" in the game is very arguable.  I main the crap out of lee and usually can carry top lane games with him against d1 opponents.  Am i able to do this because hes blatently overpowered?  Or because I've played him a hundred times and know his limitations to the tee.  He is actually even stronger in low ELO than he is in high ELO, but once against he relies completely on skill, map awareness, timing, all the good stuff in a champion that makes them interesting and fun.  So
0	This was my first thought when everyone was all upset about the NSA. They didn't catch the Boston Bombers who were using the Internet to research all sorts of nefarious activities.   Even after the bombing, they didn't have the intelligence to catch them. They had to use surveillance videos!
0	I was homeless for 9 months but I was still well groomed and with clean clothes. I washed my clothes in a river with soap that I bought with money that people had given me. I used that same river to wash myself. Alright, I may not have had nice shoes... but you try being out in all weathers in the UK. I tried to keep my self presentable in the vain hope that I would eventually get out of that situation. I am not saying all homeless do what I did but you might want to reconsider your statement. I asked for money, it was hard at first but you do things to help you survive. Luckily, an old friend from school found out id been living homeless and helped me. He found me and took me in for a few months. Yes, Panhandlers go about it the wrong way and some of them are using it as a job. Next time you pass a homeless person or a panhandler ask them if they would like something to eat. The kindness of strangers have honestly helped me a few times.
1	I literally just played a game as Blitz, during the laning phase the enemy Caitlyn was playing very carefully, and we had no pressure from our jungle, we ended up losing the lane a fair bit and my MF was saying stuff like "report Blitz never Qs". I explained that i didn't want to miss and give Taric a window of opportunity to walk up and stun without any real retaliation onto the cait, to which they responded "/all gg surrender 20 report blitz".   Needless to say i felt kinda shitty, i did miss a few Qs and every time i did i cringed, knowing that this MF was just gonna flame me.   Eventually we got into the real push / team fight / posturing for objectives phase, both teams were around dragon, i managed to grab the Caitlyn from BETWEEN the enemy Taric and Nocturne, and we won the fight 5 for 0.   We took an inhib and backed off again. Eventually both teams found themselves at baron and were poking at each other from over the river wall. I landed another grab, this time onto Anivia, and we won the fight 5 for 2 and pushed to win the game. Before we won the enemy Anivia said "Nice hooks, Blitz carried hard".   At least someone appreciated me :P
1	I main syndra and have tons of games with her. She's good because you get to be effective in skirmishes even after you have used your full burst. When fed enough you can easily oneshot a squish with q e r combo and if you land a good stun (which is pretty crucial actually) you can easily crush a small team fight almost by yourself. The team has to clean up but you can do all the "rough stuff".
1	its okay, I just read the
1	Extremely strong, both as a top lane and a jungler- probably the only jungler with whom it is customary to out-CS the lanes. Her lack of CC sucks, but FroMa is core on her to help stick to targets, and along with Lee Sin she is a jungler who can go smite/exhaust almost all the time. She works brilliantly with crowd control teams, but I have found her to be fairly dependable in SoloQ aswell, provided lanes have moderate CC, mainly because she can farm to carry status even if ganks are meh. Recent patch was somewhat of a buff, as she now auto attacks targets better as they run, meaning her speed makes up for her lack of CC.
1	NA who has arguably more ADC talent than EU   Is this common knowledge or something? Though NA has Doublelift and WildTurtle I feel they are on the same level as Rekkles, Puszu or Candypanda, and maybe I'm wrong but I don't think Zuna or Sneaky are on a comparable level to Yellowpete or Genja. And there's also Cop who needs to improve a lot to be considered good.   So,
0	Everyone's situation is a little different, but that doesn't make it terrible advice. From personal experience, My parents were split on the idea of medication, and the parent against it won out. I'm very thankful for that because it helped me learn to function moderately without it, and now I have the ability to choose whether or not I want/need it.
1	Honestly I want the ability to see if I was ever considered on the tribunal. I know sometimes I probably get into re-portable territory (while I believe that usually when I do its in response to someone else starting the blame game / talking general shit).   I'd be interested, i've never been banned but I think allowing players to see reports against them that have ever been to the tribunal would be a great way for me to more objectivly see what behavior I can change and what actually sets me off.   I do sometimes rage a bit too hard. I'm a relativly high elo (1700-1800) when I do normals with a friend or two and I get bot AD, usually since the normal elo drops with friends I can win lane pretty hard without much help from the support, so I let my supports know to just play passive and follow my lead. So sometimes if I say that very clearly and kindly and explain that if for some reason I lose because I don't want them being agressive I will take the blame, then sometimes supports go rambo way ahead of me and either they bait me to save them or they just die, either way thats the only time when I will actually be like "Really Soraka? That was just stupid" Which I guess is technically reportable...
1	not sure if the change was a good idea honestly.  22k viewers (once) isnt that much compared to what they had in own3d.  i dont know the details about the difference of income per viewer between own3d and twitch, but they had almost twice as much viewrs before.   the same can be said about the tournaments, on the last year the playerbase of LoL grow a lot, but the amount of viewers on tournaments like dreamhack dropped.   the best example for this are the tournaments with double stream (ogn, mlg) when the viewers could actually choose where to watch the tournaments.  every single time there was at least twice more viewers on own3d than twitch.   i can understand why, as im one of the viewers that cant watch twitch, so, yes, mine can be a biased pov.
1	Beginning rant/wall of text. You're assuming that that's how it should be, when as a person who has watched starcraft for years, I find TSM to be highly refreshing. I'm assuming that because of the way you've written your post, you're coming from a Starcraft background. In most interviews, they still take them seriously, but they have a huge sense of camaraderie. If you were watching game 2 of TSM vs. Black in the TSM TS stream, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about. They were laughing, joking, teasing each other, and having a good time. I was laughing harder than I've laughed in a good long while from that feed. Listen in any other match, and they're dead serious. That's just how they work, and it's damn nice to have something refreshing. You could request they they go to tournaments with their eyes glazed over giving standard PR-safe responses so that people don't go contacting their sponsors (which was disgusting to say the least). Here's the thing about TSM: They aren't edgy, they're just fun.   You're talking as if this is the SC2 scene, where (not intending offense to team EG/TL), those teams got completely stomped by the Koreans due to the Koreans practice regiment. This isn't the same. Guess what? TSM just did a troll comp just now because they knew they were better. You could get all high and mighty like the drama lovers at /r/starcraft did about Naniwa's probe rush and stir up a shit storm, or you could sit back and listen to TSM's teamspeak feed and laugh along with them. It was great entertainment, and refreshing from the absolute stomp they dished out in the game prior.   The TSM vs Azubu games were very close, and TSM was neck and neck with them in gold to the end. They were taken by surprise by the early push tactic but were still controlling everything else well. This is due to the fact that the west has not had much exposure to this style/Azubu in general, while TSM has had full exposure for Azubu to study.   You can want your team to be professional and boring the way that the SC2 players are, but I'd take TSM over Azubu any day. Why? I've seen all of Aubu's names and still don't know any of them (except CptJacky simply for the the hype that the announcers/chaox were giving him).   Let me also put it you this way (somewhat Destiny style in terms of analytics):   SC2's numbers are failing. You can point to whatever metric you want, but LoL is crushing SC2 in terms of stream numbers. SC2 streamers are hard pressed to get more than 2k streamers, while TSM's members are averaging 10k-16k (depending on who it is). They're entertaining, good at the game, interact with their chat, play good music, and are just overall fun to view. More people tuned into to watch Oddone's standard stream than to watch the TSL4. That in itself was a huge wakeup call to me on how huge League has grown compared to SC2.   Look at the numbers for how big League of Legends' community has become compared to how SC2 is dwindling. You want to know part of the reason why? League is always changing, always evolving, constantly adding new content, and listens to its community actively. I'm working towards joining the games industry, and I would love to work at Riot. Why? They're driven by passion for their game and the community. You can say that about Blizzard all you want (though as of late, it seems even Blizzard's fans are getting angry with Blizzard with the advent of D3 and certain things leading up to HotS.   I even prefer watching League to watching SC2 nowadays. But, on the off chance that you aren't from the SC2 community (although your type of post reeks of /r/starcaft drama), I'll just say a couple of things. First: Azubu did not stomp TSM. They simply pushed a tower lead which countered TSM's long laning style. You could also say that 6 pooling a 15 hatch shows superior skill. Both statements make you look stupid. The biggest tell here will be how TSM handles the finals. Their attitude shows that they've both very confident and have something in store. Watch the finals and see.
0	A bigger dick can feel nice - but I can't do everything that I want to do with it.  And often times it hurts.  I'd much rather have something smaller - and when I first hook up with a guy and I find that he is about average or a lil bit smaller I get soooo excited and turned on cause I know that I can be more crazy in bed w/ him.
1	the tower is taken and I'm compelled to wander the map trying to get a few more kills before I start taking tons of damage in fights.   I think the first thing you need to do is stop and question yourself.  What function do towers serve in-game?  Well, obviously they are great to camp under when an enemy is trying to gank you.  So they offer protection.  That's #1.  They are also the most outer defenses of your base.  So they preserve.  That's #2.  Those are the obvious things.   However, to really be effective at pushing lanes, you need to get an idea of the slightly less obvious uses for turrets.  For starters, they prevent enemies from kiting you through the long outer lanes.  If they try to jump you between towers, and then b to their lane, they're going to almost certainly take 2-5 tower hits, which is more than enough to kill most early game champions, especially if you're doing anything to hasten their demise.  So they not only extend your lanes to the edge of their firing range, they also allow for overlapping defenses at your 2nd tower, due to the fact that the enemy (if he's in your jungle) has to stay there if he values his health.  This is especially important for the next point.   Towers allow for map control.  Ever played Starcraft 2?  Your towers are like super xel-nagas.  They give you vision, keep waves of minions away, AND deal damage.  Take two evenly matched teams, give one of them all of their 1st and 2nd towers, and the other team only their inhibitor turrets.  The latter team is going to be  movement restricted  for the entire game unless they severely outplay their counterparts.   It seems like you are getting caught in no-mans land without a clear objective after taking down your first turret. Well, the first thing you want to do is make sure that yours stays up.  Sure, if you meet 3-4 enemy champs clashing down on you, don't try to save it, but otherwise, it is still your job to push that lane.  The good news is that it's infinitely easier now, since your enemy won't have a tower to fall back on.  Catch him with some hard CC and you have much greater chances for a free kill.  This means he's more at risk if he pokes out of the range of his own turret, and it shifts the "middle ground" of combat from between your two turrets to just ahead of where his previous turret was (if their mid is also down, then it shifts the mid-ground to the turret or past it).  Basically this allows you to be much more aggressive with the added threat of that cannon firing away at your opponents, as long as you don't overextend.  Ask yourself the question:  When you lose a tower before the enemy -- how do YOU feel?  What does it stop you from doing well in the early to mid game?  Chances are the other guy feels the same way when it happens to him.  Use that knowledge to bully his positioning.  You can stay in your lane still unless someone is calling for help, at which point you can hustle down to try to get a gank or push back another lane.  Hopefully you're last hitting, because if you are, you should be getting more gold than your laning opponent, which means you can easily push your lane again when you need to go back to it.  Farming is so essential in this case to putting you into a prime spot at midgame to be a terror.  5-1-2 should be more than enough, though, so lets look at some other aspects than just sitting in your lane killing stuff.   If your lane is still being pushed properly, well, it's time to relocate.  Pick up any jungles that haven't been taken out for a while (if your jungler is active maybe not, but usually at this point there is too much going on for him to care about a couple of camps) and saunter down to mid lane.  If you've got hard CC, initiate on the other mid when they are hanging out near that precious midpoint.  If you don't, let your fellow mid stun them, then come barreling out of the brush and hit the other mid for everything you can.  Even if you don't kill them, you're going to zone them out of the lane (push them far from their creeps) and they are going to get robbed of XP and last hits.  Just because you don't get a kill doesn't mean it's a failed attempt if you can control the lane.  Afterward, either push the turret to kill it, or go hunting again (don't sit around and steal xp/gold from your carry!  They won't like it!).  Now the mid has to think that you're going to be nearby and they'll have to play super-passively until you reappear elsewhere on the map.  Either stick around if the other mid brazenly pops back out, go to the opposite lane for a 2v1 or 3v2 in your favor, or go farm back up in your lane.  Remember:  With a tower down you're limiting the # of places an enemy can be, especially if you start actively warding their side or in the river!   If you're getting separated, well, stop for a moment and consider why you got separated.  Did you engage at a spot on the map where there were two equally viable backing areas for your team?  Or did you overextend?  These are positional questions that only good coaching or a better map sense will resolve.  I used to get caught out by myself ALL THE TIME.  This was also when I was the kind of player that would wait for a teamfight to start and immediately think, "NUKE NUKE NUKE" instead of waiting to use my stun/damage when it can be pivotal to the entire fight.  Now it hardly ever happens because I don't look to get kills, but instead to control the engagement so that my team wins the teamfight.  If it's a 5v5 and an opponent is trying to limp out of battle, don't chase him unless you KNOW you can kill them and still get back.  Why risk it?  Stay in the battle and it's suddenly 4v5 in your favor.  You should win that every time.   Enemy focusing you?  That's great.  That means you're a threat.  It also means you NEED TO STAY ALIVE in a teamfight because your team is going to depend on your CC/damage.  Play a little more back.  Remember, the threat of your attacks and stuns are almost greater in a 5v5 than the actual use of the skills themselves.  Once you trigger your stun, the other team knows they have to start focusing or they die.  But holding back means they have to be individually wary, and a lot of time you'll be able to pick off a Veigar or Lux who's just trying to get that one nicely placed skill shot in and wanders away from their tank by just 300-400 range.  What would you rather face:  5 champions who all are uniformly thinking, "Kill!" or 5 individual champions all moving around haphazardly, trying to get lucky pokes in while skirting as much damage as possible?
1	Regretted it why?   I started ranked straight away. I got a bit lucky in placements I think, went into silver. Was in silver 5 for a while. Would periodically climb out, get bored of whatever champs I was maining, fall back down paying new champs, slowly climb again.   This continued until they announced the season end rewards, then I got into gold 5 and now I'm relaxing, learning new champs again.
0	Lol I'm not going to make my employees my sex slaves but I do constantly toy with their brains. I've just always done that, no matter if I was the boss or worker. I've been told I'm very intelligent and one of my strong points is dealing with people, thus I know what to say that takes them to the border of wonder without actually bothering them.
1	Yes, if you keep accumulating punishments you deserve to be punished harder in order to learn your lesson, same thing IRL. The more times you receive a speeding ticket, the harder you're punished until your license is revoked because clearly you are not able to follow the guidelines in place.   Same logic applies here - he has clearly been punished before for AFK and due to the fact it is a major offense he has been stricken by the banhammer.   As for your "IRL issues/emergencies", as a 17 year old kid with parents who are constantly on my ass, I am forced to be AFK even rage quit every now and then but this happens rarely. It used to occur more often about 10 months ago (Internet issues were a big factor) and therefore I received a 5 day ban. Hence my behavior got better and me leaving games hasn't be an issue since I have not even received a warning.
1	Teemo consumes the body of his slaughtered enemies, becoming stronger and his form is turning into the evil thing that he is.
0	This completely depends on whether you have chosen to opt in or out of a federal regulation, called Regulation E.  The Electronic Fund Transfer Act, or Regulation E, is an act passed by Congress that "establishes the rights, liabilities, and responsibilities of participants in electronic fund transfer systems," which include transfers from an ATM, telephone bill-payment services, preauthorized transfers to or from an account and point of sale transfer in stores.   In 2010 a significant amendment to Reg E went into effect that prohibits financial institutions from charging consumer fees for paying overdrafts on ATMs and debit card transactions  unless  a consumer consents or opts in, to the overdraft service of those type of transactions.
0	when u pirate music, u hurt the industry. people such as a non specific audio engineering student has to then go into a field that is making only a much smaller fraction of what it used to make and therefore can not make enough money to pay off his student loans for a very long time. a loss of a billion dollars doesn't really hurt the artist but it slowly takes more and more money from people within the industry who are already struggling in the slowly recovering economy.
0	I don't want to get into a debate on the nuance of a CEO's day to day work but approving layoffs and the like are exactly the job description.   I hire and fire people for a living as well and I don't take it lightly. But cutting the jobs of a hemorrhaging department, or scaling back workforce to protect against bloat are necessary parts of remaining in business. Being able to do that requires skill and ability and rising to positions that require it also take a measure of the same.
0	I always enjoy these memes. Simply because they remind me of my grandfather.   He is eighty-three now, lives with my grandmother on the same land she grew up on. They are farmers and shepherds. He isn't some famous person or some war hero, though he was in the army. However, I admire him because he has shown the truth of being healthy and living a long time. That is, he has remained active and, even in his advanced age, he does hard work.   He was always a tough man too, not the kind of guy to cry or ask for help. I remember three years ago, he fell off the roof of the shed (about twenty foot drop) and broke his hip. No one was there with him. So he crawled about sixty yards, up the porch, into the back door, and through the house to the kitchen where he found my grandmother. You can imagine the pain was unbearable, but not once did he complain. His response was simply "I think I broke something, do you think we should go to the hospital?"   Another badass moment I remember: He was trimming some branches after a storm, with a chainsaw of course. I don't quite know what happen, but he managed to cut his right knee open with the chainsaw. Again, he was alone and this time my grandmother was out doing her volunteer work. So he drove his old stick-shift truck to the hospital, all after climbing down the tree mind you, there he ask them to stitch him up because he needed to get back to work. He didnt need stitches, he needed a new knee cap. The doctors were baffled as to how he even managed to make it there. He just said he performed basic first aid and held it shut on the way to the hospital.
1	I don't think they made it better this way.   2850 gold is too expensive for supports, 50 ap is too few for apc for that cost, on junglers the item would be ok, but there are way better options for them, No ad jungler could buy it, since it gives him ability power.   I feel it would be much better if the blasting wand would be replaced by a kindlegem (for extra health & cdr), or an emblem of valor (bit armor in lane, regen aura), both good items for supports.   Atm I can't name 1 champion for who this item would be a good choice the way it is. And The active is not THAT great, I bought it today on taric support in ranked because we were 24/6 at 15 minutes and it was already over. And after buying it, I actually felt weaker.
1	Honestly I'd agreee that at 1500+ jungling is probably the most influential role.   At 1200 though there are such huge skill disparities in the solo lanes that it's almost necessary for you to take one to prevent a blowout from occurring in the other team's favor. It's frustrating when you play Shaco or some other uber-strong ganker, get top his first blood - eventually he goes back and buys and has more gold, but never buys a ward. 10 minutes later that ward-less top starts eating enemy ganks and gets outplayed top while the enemy has you warded out.   I've lost too many amazing jungle games because one of our solo lanes just wasn't competent (no wards, constantly overextending, no map awareness, poor item choices, etc.). At least when you take solo and you get a kill, 100% of the benefit flows to you. When you jungle and your gank gets a kill - it honestly might not even be worth it if you gave the kill to an idiot who's just going to be cocky and feed while you collect 150g for burning your flash, ult, and having to go back to base because you lost most of your HP, etc.
1	Zaunies is a orphan gang led by Viktor     Viktor progressed from bio projects (Mr. Tails or Twitch) to augmented humans (his friends) to robots (glorious revolution, blitzcrank came first but isn't mentioned)     Jinx was stolen by Twitch and became insane because of what happened to the Zaunies.     By some indiscernible method, Viktor persuades Jinx and Ekko to steal a crystal for the "glory of Zaun", when really it is to begin his glorious revolution.     The situation seen in the teaser video culminated through the aforementioned events.       Just in case someone wants an actual
1	So, this isn't canon or anything but this is how I've always seen it:   When champions go in for a judgment to see whether not they can join the League of Legends, the Institute actually makes a "copy" of them - specifically, I think they make a copy of their soul.   The act of summoning isn't so much teleporting Jarvan, or Kat, or Garen, or anyone else to summoner's rift. After all, we hear about them running around and doing things all the time - it wouldn't make much sense for any of them to have other responsibilities when they could get teleported away at a moments notice.   But this "soul copy", or "imprint" that the summoners use to create their clone has all the potentials of that individual while not yet fulfilling them. Basically, you have to wake the soul up every time (as it attunes itself with its summoner) - that's why you have level up every game.   This system can also explain character updates. They get a new imprinting of the soul, maybe one day Irelia was feeling super confident, and then every imprinting since then she's had a cold.   --   Now the question I have is... what's the cost on the individual? Is it the horror of knowing that you're dying hundreds of times (or millions) out there on the field of battle? That every one of those "yous" has all of your hopes and dreams? Is there a drain on the individual the more times their soul is copied? Do their experiences on the rift filter back to them in their dreams?   Also, why is it weird that the institute of war is not only creating clones of the most powerful warriors of Runterra, but also training their members (summoners) to be the most skilled at guiding them?   There is mention that the Shadow Isles is preparing for war - could it be that they're upset about souls being reused, and not going to them? Did they send emissaries and spies in to try and figure out what to do about it?   ... I don't know. These are just my thoughts.
1	That's not how this game works, or any MOBA in general. All champions have weaknesses that can be exploited. If a champ has no real weaknesses, that is a problem and removes one of the most important aspect of mobas: counterplay. That is why you saw champions such as Rengar and Jayce get nerfed. They had very few weaknesses and the few they had could br negated by a skilled player.
1	to keep it simple: If the passive has a name, it will not stack. if it just says Unique passive, it will stack. :)  So I Lichbane and a triforce, wont stack. A ghost blade and a Black cleaver armor pen, will stack! :D So rememeber
0	I don't dislike memes so i'm still on AdviceAnimals.  I just don't get the hype of seeing other people see the characters in real life.  I like it when I see all the posts about people seeing Bill Nye because I would love to see him myself and it's cool to think he's out there in the public eye still.  When I see a post about OAG or BLB being seen publicly I just feel kind of like "okay, they're just people."  They aren't known for their anything they did and they don't really have any out of the ordinary talents that I am aware of beyond a normal person you would meet so idk why people get excited for other people to see them.
0	Your ex is your ex, if you're trying to make a statement to your current girlfriend on how you don't care than don't do anything more. Yes, your ex is a bitch for doing that. You on the other hand shouldn't focus on that and instead realize creating a bigger issue will just lead to more drama which, I'm going on a limb, I'll assume neither you or your girlfriend want.
1	Wasn't that the point of Mystery gifting?   To get a skin you might never use?   Maybe that's my outlook on it. I don't use it to get Pulsefire Ez or the Spirit Udyr Skin. If i want them I'll go buy them.   Would I ever buy Dyrad (spelling?) soraka? No. Would I play it if I had it? Hell to the fucking yes.   For instance I have all of the Malphite skins. Do I use them all regularly? No. Im usually insta locked on Glacial Malphite because it's my favourite. However on occasions I like Shamrock, or Marble (eventhough it looks ugly as hell imo)   It's about having different options, not about getting the skins you want.
0	There is no such thing as an 'outdoor cat', there are only feral cats that people feed and get attached to.  If you are not responsible for its whereabouts it is not your pet.  Having an 'outdoor cat' puts the cat in danger of getting hit by a car, eaten by a wild animal, poisoned, etc.  But much worse in my opinion is the effect feral and 'outdoor' cats have on the ecosystem.  They are extremely efficient predators on native wildlife and have been implicated in reducing diversity of birds and small mammals, and as threats to endangered species, in countries including UK, Australia and the US.  Ecologists essentially consider them invasive species.  Here's some research and press about the issue.  While 'un-owned' cats (feral cats) cause most of the mortality in the US, 'owned' cats (i.e. outdoor cats) still cause 40% of the killing.  Given the magnitude, and the fact that the majority of kills are native species, keep your damn cats indoors.
0	Those are just as bad or worst than the Daily Show, and Reddit in terms of biases. The recent Dorner thing was a perfect example of that from what I know.  I watched news on TV, as does my dad, and I've seen plenty of coverage on Dorner. The fact is, neither of us have heard a damn thing about the LAPD shooting at those asian women, or the other innocent bystander. The MSM puts an entirely different narrative on the entire situation, and pretend like the police are great.
0	Or required too much reading. Redditors prefer
0	I used to work for Blockbuster video in 2005 when hurricane Wilma was hitting Florida's west coast.  At the time, I was scheduled to close the store and the storm was set to begin effecting Palm Beach county, where I live, between 11 PM - 12 AM.  It took me threatening to walk out of the store and my manager threatening to fire me before she actually got it that I didn't care how many videos she thought we should check in before we left.  Funnily enough, once the storm had past, they called to tell me they wanted me to drive through downed power lines and whatever other storm damage was scattered about to work a five hour shift while the store was without power.
1	I read this reply, and turned to the gentlemen sitting next to me and asked "If a slow is a soft CC and a stun is a hard CC, where does silence stand?"   His response was to define the distinction between hard and soft CC. "I would say that a hard CC prevents you from both using an ability and auto attacking. Therefore a silence is a soft CC."   "Well then," I started, "according to this post, Karma is not a support because of her lack of CC (a slow). Does that mean that Soraka is not a support?"   "Hah," he chuckled, finding the concept hilarious. "I think that Soraka has enough CC in that she can largely shut a champion down to be considered support under that definition."   This new interpretation interested me. "Well then, maybe the distinction is not between the ability to interrupt channeled spells? That would move silence into the hard CC category while leaving pin/slow in the soft category."   "That's an interesting thought. You should write this conversation up and post it."   It turns out, I'm easily convinced.
1	The first sentence is clearly true. The part about Elo hell being a myth - not so much.   If your 'true' Elo is 1800, then of course you're going to be able to carry your way out of the sub-1200 bracket. But what if your true Elo is, say 1350 or so? You certainly deserve to be matched with better players than you're getting in the sub-1200 bracket, but the skill difference isn't pronounced enough that you can simply take over every game you play to get out of that bracket. With the amount of variance inherent in a solo queue system that matches five strangers together based on individual rating from a team game, combined with the new-to-ranked players starting at 1200, someone who isn't significantly better than that general bracket but who still doesn't necessarily belong there will need to have a run of good luck to not have every winning streak offset by a run of leavers, feeders, and fresh 30s.   The problem is exacerbated by the double elo gain/loss at the beginning of your ranked career. I have no problem with the variance, and I accept that streaks happen. But I got my streak of leavers/feeders early on - i lost 6 of 7 games at one point. Then, I went on to win 9 of my next 11 - but whoops, unluckily for me, the double elo gain period ended right when my losing streak stopped (literally - the last loss was -45, and the first win of the 9 of 11 run was +21), so I  still  dropped 67 Elo despite being 10-8 in that stretch. The win-loss variance worked out, but the Elo difference sure as hell didn't.   Elo hell as a concept is most certainly overused as an excuse by idiots who don't know any better - but that doesn't mean it doesn't exist. Being matched up with three-digit Elo players at 1100 is just such a nightmare; true, 1300 isn't THAT much better in the grand scheme, but at least there you'll probably only have an 1100 as the worst player on your team, and the difference is night and day.
0	No. It may be seen as socially accepted to be the guys responsibility, but once upon a time it was socially accepted that black people were inferior to white people, and that women weren't as smart as men.
0	I poured a perfectly good carton of milk down the drain before I realized the first whiff of Lactaid just smells like farts.  Smelling the milk after it was in a glass wasn't as offensive.
1	Can't you report people for leaving a game? Don't reported players go to the Tribunal, and ultimately get banned?   I don't really see how this isn't punishment enough. It's only "no repercussions" if you fail to report them. This is essentially the same system as tracking their leave %, if someone leaves a game frequently for any reason they will get reported and end up in the tribunal.   At the 1500-1600 Elo range I don't see leavers that much, mostly connectivity issues with people DC'ing and reconnecting which could very well be Riot's fault. On the rare occasion that someone does full-on leave it's after they were trolling, feeding, or raging and honestly it's just as well to have them out of the game.
1	I agree that you are stupid to not have doublechecked it, I agree that Riot shouldnt just send you automated copypaste messages, however its not Riots fault that you fucked it up. I suggest inventing a system like steam - you have to confirm the gift. I dont know if you got your shit refunded, (
1	Let me give you my short amount of experience as briefly as possible. Season two I almost strictly played ADC. Jungle was my secondary position. As ADC I generally duo'd with a support. You can win your lane hard and still lose, it comes down to your tanks and such being on par with others. IMHO mid and jungle are the easiest to carry from. Mid can win lane and roam wherever else. I'm in gold 3 right now and TF (who doesn't even have to win lane he can just roam) is a TERROR with someone that is decent. Jungle can take any lane and win it for them. He can win that lane so hard as well to just move on to another lane and win it too, sometimes all 3. When it comes to champs, for mid TF, Diana, Akali, Lux all carry hard IMO. For jungle Hec is a huge champ. He can go create so much presence in a lane. Lee Sin, Noct, J4 can "carry" as well.   Second, you've got to choose what works for you. For me, I can't play tanky champs and win. No matter how well I do in my lane or jungle I just can't win late game. It sucks. I play top and generally assassins/bursty bruisers (Akali, Lee Sin, Zed). My main is Akali, and she carries harder than anyone for me. She is so relevant late game, she can build-off tank and still destroy carries, she can roam mid or catch out the jungler. I understand top isn't the best place to carry from but it's where I'm comfortable, I've never been comfortable mid.   I know it's not easy, but find your groove. S3 started and I had never played Akali before. I started playing her top and after 80+ games have a 66% win rate with her so far this season. To me you should find champs that you feel you can carry with all game, learn that champ and just keep playing them. At your elo, if you're good with a champ counters don't matter.
1	I did an interview with SaintVicious a while back (one of oldest active lol players) and he said that once you pass like 22 or something, your reaction times start to go down, and you don't play as well as you do in your youth, he said that players peak at around 18 because their reactions are prime, and they are mature enough to handle the stress.
0	Except that this is like calling the fridge "kitchen."   Meme is a general term for a type of idea, and for all that rage faces or image macros are memes, calling individual characters "memes" makes no more sense than calling the stove, the fridge, or any other single appliance "kitchen".   "Meme" refers to the whole concept.  "Memes" in plural would refer to a grouping of Advice Animals, Rage Comics, and Verticals, say, or other conglomeration of separate memetic concepts.  Multiple "kitchens" don't denote that you have more than one appliance for food prep, but that you have multiple groupings of food prep area + appliances.   This works to a point, but "meme" can refer to a single entity - early examples of visual memes might be [Kilroy Was Here]( or even the now unconsciously iconic smiley face.  I think trollface is the only character from the above "category group" memes that's standalone enough to be a meme in its own right.   Also, [gaijin 4koma]( I guess.
0	My friend did the same thing but the heat woke them all up and they flew out the smoke stack and stung the fuck out of him and his dog.
1	I'm not disputing any of that, if monte was the faker of coaches, yea maybe he could've sorted CLG's problems out. But to say he sucked as a coach from one teams data which already have problems and that he didn't live upto the hype (which also doesn't make much sense considering he has always been very humble about his odds, he didn't say seraph was an upgrade to nein or that his team could beat C9 in the playoffs) is ridiculous. I'm not telling you to suck his dick, but to generalise that because A lost and B won, A must be bad and B good is stupid argument. The better team doesn't always win. Admittedly I don't think CLG in the playoffs were a good team, but that doesn't necessarily mean monte was a bad coach. Also why is a team good in the first place? SKT who were sooo dominant in s3 didn't make it to worlds either, is it because they had a shit coach too?
1	It is one of the most fun things to do. Going Nautilus AP mid, hitting the entire enemy team with your ultimate and effectively 1v5'ing them is a great feeling.   The infamous AP Janna mid is great, I have done a lot of Rengar/Leona bot lanes lately (other lanes that work great are Xin/Leona, Irelia/Leona) instead of having a proper ad carry.   Another fun thing I have done is the standard tank top, an assassin (e.g. Talon) mid and three bot - Support, AP, AD. Support starts roaming. Of course it's not truly a change in Meta since it is merely a counter to the current meta, but they're certainly some of the funnest games I have ever played.   Also very powerful is Nocturne mid, Nunu mid of course, Karma EVERYWHERE. :D
0	Now you have to buy him Christmas presents, too.  And a birthday present next year.  Then you have to invite him to a bbq (on the fourth of July if you're American) next year.  Hell, Labor day is this weekend, do it now.  If he has children, you must give them presents on their birthdays also.  And you have to pledge them to each other.  If you don't have kids, then you'll have to pledge your future children.  That is the only way to make a friendship eternal.
1	I'm not a high elo player, but let me say this.   If you play one champion all the time, you'll get good at that champion, and you'll know the match ups, you can win the match ups, and you'll generally perform well on that champion.   Then you're banned or someone else picks your champion? That would render you useless, as you wouldn't have practiced any other champions. Say you start at 1200, you raise to 2000 with one champion, and suddenly you can't play that champion anymore. You're bound to lose lanes.   So, you should always know how to play at least a couple of champions well, but you can still focus mainly on one champion.   So yeah, sure, you can raise up in elo spamming one champion, no problem. But if you only play one champion, you're bound to perform worse on others.   Just pick 2-3 champions and play those.   I usually play mid, and I've found myself to be successful on Kassadin, Ryze and Orianna. But of course, I can't always get the picks or maybe not even mid lane. So I know how to play champions for every other role as well.   I'm pretty decent on Yorick (Yeah I know OP boring faceroll gay champion, but I play it better than some people!) for top lane, I generally perform quite well on Nocturne when I have to jungle, as for AD I seem to be unable to miss Ashe arrows (I seriously have a super high percentage for landing those) and for support I seem to play Soraka and Taric quite well.   If I had to pick one champion who I would use to carry myself, it would probably be Orianna, because not many people play her, so not many people know how to win lane against her.
1	Did you hear the way he said "shut the fuck up"? He said it in such a sheepish way, how can you even get mad at that? I understand he said it in a profane way (btw we're talking about gamers here) but if I were regi i would've taken the hint that maybe dyrus was getting slightly annoyed but then he takes it to the next level and starts badgering him about it which would've instigated a fight from me if I was dyrus.
1	That's very interesting. So rapid nerfs are usually a case of Riot realizing something was broken all along?  When players do something innovative, do they give it some time or say "oh, we should have seen that was OP, let's nerf it fast"?   Also can you shed any light on the Abyssal Scepter nerf? It was never a particularly cost-efficient item -- although it was certainly slot-efficient -- so it seemed to me that it was balanced by the opportunity cost. It is confusing to me for a lot of reasons (which would turn this into
1	The problem is not that Riot is bad at making patches, and that's why files are being corrupted.  The reason that files get corrupted or fragmented are because of the way hard drives work.  When trying to put files onto a hard drive, they are put into a specific sector.  However, when stuff is added and removed, there are sometimes smaller sections of your hard drive left open that are not quite big enough for a whole file, but leaving them empty would drastically reduce the effective size of your hard drive.  To fill these up, the hard drive essentially puts part of the file there with a pointer to where the rest of it is.  This is a bit of oversimplification and isn't technically right, but it gives you the right idea.   Another problem is that even with a good internet connection, if you send the same file 5 times in a row to someone, each time they receive it, there will be slight differences from packets lost or malformed.  While most algorithms do their best to account for this, even with the best Internet connection you can get there still is a potential for stuff to become corrupted.
1	You can deselect your hero, because some of them allow you to control other units, which also sometimes have their own spells.  Also, without being able to deselect your hero, couriers are completely useless.
0	Normally when people refer to homecoming they mean the biggest football game against their rival High school. The dance after that is what OP is referring to, and it varies on the High School. Normally of course they have two people who win, one for the men and the other for the girls.   You win a crown, sometimes something extra, a dance or a kiss from the woman who won. As with your photo in the year book.
0	Story time!   So i was on vacation in Hayward Wisconsin.  For those of you who don't know its a nice little town in the middle of nowhere but absolutely beautiful.  The town itself is pretty successful due to all of the resorts.   Anyway, we are at the go-kart track in town and i feel something land in my hair.  "Goddamnit another fucking fly" i say to myself as i get ready to try to get the bastard out of my hair.  On rare occasions I am lucky enough to catch the fly when they land in my hair.  So i go to swat/catch the fly.   SUCCESS!! i got the little bastard in my hand.  "Today is not your lucky day you annoying little bastard" i say to myself as i immediatly attempt to crush the fly with my bare hands.   Turns out, its not a fly its a wasp and that fucker got me good.  I start cussing up a storm and flick/throw the wasp away still alive.  I watch him take off but pull a U turn and come straight back at me.  I freak the fuck out, "Hes comming for me i fucking know it!" so i nope the fuck out of there.   Unfortunatly, the area i was standing on was pavement, but just a few steps away in the parking area its gravel.  The moment i hit the gravel i eat shit, HARD.  I get up and look down and my knee is cut the fuck up and there is a MASSIVE hole in my jeans.  $150 jeans i got from my parents for my birthday.  I continue to cuss up one hell of a storm "GOD DAMN FUCKING BEE FUCKING HURTS MY GODDAMN FUCKING JEANS MOTHER FUCKER OW THIS FUCKING HURTS!!!!   SHIT!!!!!!!!!"   I turn around to see about a dozen VERY upset parents and lots of children laughing their asses off at me....   10/10 would do again.
0	Well, the thing is, 'homosexuality' - the concept of a specific psychosexual identity, the one we think of when the word is so much as said - didn't exist as a concept, then. Sexual identity, as a concept, probably didn't even exist. What they had instead were Gender Roles, of which there were two. Every sex act had an Active partner and a Passive one - women automatically always taking the latter role while men could take either. While men could play either role, it was considered extremely shameful for a man to be the passive partner - this ties into the concept of Roman Manliness, or Virtus, and how it is largely based on the ideal that to be a Man is to be able to dominate those below you in all senses of the word.   That said, yep, there were definitely a handful of Emperors who openly carried on same-sex relationships in which it's pretty likely they were the passive partner, and did not hide the fact at all. This isn't a matter of no one caring about it, though, it's a matter of the Emperor essentially being able to do Whatever The Fuck He Wanted in his private life, because, as Emperor, he was accountable to no one. If you could find a group of soldiers today, let alone then, who genuinely care enough about the issue of homosexuality - and the perpetually unfounded rumor (unfounded because, well, Rome isn't really known for its progressive policy on Freedom of Speech) that their head-of-state is constantly engaging in sexual impropriety of that nature - to fight the rest of the army, invade the capital, kill the head-of-state, and put one of their local commanders in charge in a brutal coup, well, I'd be pretty damn impressed. What about everyone else, you ask? Well, the people, individually, had extremely little ability to do anything other than not-starve. The upper classes had money, but not enough and nothing else - the senate stopped being relevant the second they gave the first Emperor his name, money buys loyalty but more money buys more loyalty, and it's not like they could simply go out and try to set the Mob to action without being executed for treason. People highly-placed enough in the military or imperial bureaucracy? Well, anyone in a position to lead a successful rebellion against their Emperor generally did so, in real life, and the only way the Emperor's sex life becomes a consideration in this utilitarian calculation is if his antics - and if he's openly being flamboyant and having male lovers, there's generally a lot more he doesn't see the need to hide behind closed doors - shift general opinion against the emperor strongly enough for a coup to be accepted rather than fought against.   And well, the 'antic' that generally led to the last option was more often refusing a pay raise to the legions, or the Praetorians, or intentionally psychologically torturing the senate every spare moment they got. Occasionally all of the above. That said, even with their sheer power making criticism of an Emperor a Very risky choice, the emperors who openly kept male lovers to whom they were the passive partner were disdained for it and mocked by the common people and Elites alike. Gaius Julius Caesar - not an emperor, but as close as anyone got prior to Augustus - was laughed at and made fun of by his own soldiers at his own Triumph for an affair he had allegedly had with the King of Bythinia more than thirty years prior, and this was an affair he vehemently denied for the rest of his life. The same soldiers who'd been willing to rise up against their lawful government in the name of their friend and leader and patron openly sung songs mocking him at his finest hour, a moment he'd waited all his life for, because thirty years ago he may or may not have fucked a guy, and was young enough that it made sense for him to have been the passive partner at the time.
1	Probably:]( In all likelihood, or in math, generally >50% chance of happening.   Possibly means it has even a slightest chance of happening, whereas probably generally means >50% chance of happening, if you want to argue semantics.   Couldn't find a defintition for Gamebreaking, so I'll give you one.  Literally breaks the game , not loses you the game, not landing a w has less of a chance to lose you a game than accidentally buying 2 pairs of boots (now not possible unless it's teir 2 but still). That extra gold could win you the game.   I'll say it again  losing a game doesn't make it gamebreaking , if that one kill would have won you the game, you must be so evenly matched in skill in all your lanes that you could have played better and won that way. Gamebreaking generally entails bugsplats and the like. I d/c'ed for 10 minutes because I had to go through 3 bugsplats and 2 random disconnects and only came in when everyone was level ~7. We still won that game because we were better, and as such, you missing 1 w will not lose you that kill: Namely because Darius' passive speeds you up when you have bleed stacks, and I believe w has a lower cdr when you attack someone with multiple bleed stacks.   I.E. You're wasting that 50 damage if you start a fight with w, considering you'll get q bleed speed, e pull, you could ghost if that 50 damage is worth it, ignite it that kill is worth it, or just get ms from q e and then get w - with a lower cdr = more damage.   So no, it's not even possibly gamebreaking, and I'm extremely sceptical that you landing 1 w is the win or lose tie breaker of your game.   Also, note that the only applicable situation this would happen in is if you were chasing with w on. You are a melee champ. If they run you don't stay still for a second, you follow them. "Oh but they used #generic gap closer here#", then use ghost. Your bleed speed boost should let you catch up anyway.
0	I definitely agree with this, I made the mistake of not checking, and when we didn't have Internet for the first week I thought I was gonna die. It still kind of sucks too, going outside to make every call. This post definitely hit home... where there is no service.
1	Except that you don't own music you buy. You own a license to play it under certain circumstances, namely non-commercial ones. Same with movies, games, most digital goods. When you buy a copy of Skyrim, you don't suddenly own Skyrim and have the rights to start distributing it - what you have purchased is a lisence to play that copy of Skyrim personally in a non-commercial (i.e. not making money off of it) setting.   Now, a lot of game companies have come out and said they are ok with people using their games in specific commercial ways (let's plays, speedruns, etc, where content creators are making money using the games). Music companies have not done this.
1	Sorry but seriously. Anyone that responds to this after I poured my heart into it, with
1	Op wanted my kit. If it looks weird because of all the edits, its just a copypasterino.   > In all honesty this would be an amazing champion. The lore they could put behind her being brought out of thresh's lantern, or even fighting her way out, would be so incredible. And if we got to keep this champ as is in this drawing, rito would have my money in an instant.   Edit: A letter   Edit 2: I Promised a kit, so here goes.   Edit 3: More words   I've created her as a mage with some mobility. I tried to take aspects from both Thresh and Lucian and put them in to Senna's kit, and as is obvious, none of this is set in stone. Please for all that is awesome, help me balance her! Feedback is most welcome!   for reference throughout this long post:   Bold will be for skill names      This text will explain the skill    (Parentheses will be for explaining why I have the skill in the kit, and what it does.)   Passive- Spellslinger       After every spell Senna casts, she may cast a no-cost Ardent Blast that does 1/4    the damage of a normal Ardent blast. This has a separate cool down from her regular     Ardent Blast.    (I tried to make this like Lucians passive, but more fun and engaged with her kit. It does a small amount of damage because i don't want it being too overpowered)   Q- Ardent Blast      Senna throws forth a spectral blast, damaging enemies in a circle, dealing    more damage near the center of the ability.    (Every mage needs their primary damage spell, and this one is Senna's. Its low mana cost, low cool down, but also low damage, think Ezreal q, but it deals 50% damage at the edge of the circle and 100% damage near the center. I'm thinking 700 range, with no cast time. This skill is also vital for her passive and ult.)   W-Wax/Wane      In a line in front of Senna, she ebbs the flow of space, and sends a wave     of energy to and from a target point in a straight line. If this ability connects    with a champion, it will push them away 100 units. If this ability connects     with one of the end rods of Senna's "Soul Tether' wall, then it moves the     wall 100 units towards her.    (This is one of Senna's most crucial skills when paired with her E, it is supposed to be somewhat like flay. It was originally going to move  only champions instead of the wall, but I think it is a little less overpowered. 600ish range?)   E-Soul Tether     Passive- If an enemy champion is damaged by "Soul Tether", they gain a    stack of soul tethers passive. At one stack the champion is slowed by    30%. At four stacks they are stunned for 2 seconds    Active- Senna summons two spikes from the ground (think thresh box    wall corners) tethered together by an ethereal chain (think Karthus wall,   except only 4 Teemos wide and very thin). if an enemy champion steps   through this chain they take a small amount of damage. If a champion    moves 50 units through the tether while it is still active, they take the    same damage again. Senna may re cast this ability on either of the spikes    to jump to that spike 100 units away in a line with the tether.    (So. This is the most important skill on Senna. It is her mobility and her stun, which is weird, cause you can't use it to get away and stun at the same time. the combo with this and her w is as follows, Land the tether on a champion (proc 1, slows), jump to a spike and cast your w on the tether to move the wall back and your opponent forth, forcing them to move through it (procs 2 3 & 4, stuns enemy). Keep in mind every spell she casts gives her a free q as well, so weave those in there somewhere.)   R-Walk in to the Light     Senna Summons an ethereal pistol, and fires a barrage of 10 (maybe 15)    Ardent Blasts at an opponent over 3 seconds. while her ultimate is active,    these 10 ardent blasts will home in on the enemy it was first cast on. If    Senna Does not wish to target an enemy with the blasts, she may hold    down R instead, and they will be aimed at her cursor. Senna may move    freely during "Walk in to the Light".    (Kind of like a Syndra ultimate but with more freedom, I think this will be a high damaging skill, but right now i don't want to make her too overpowered, best to start small and work up, right? )
1	Coming from Silver 4 (almost bronze) I completely disagree - this actually sounds like a fun game mode that I would really enjoy playing (yes, even as the retard in the middle).   For the sake of being nice to bronze players, can I join 4 diamond players as the adc and remove my "w" key from my keyboard? maybe I'll just use my track pad on my laptop - whatever handicap you think is necessary to demote me an extra few ladder steps (I'm pretty bad as it is).   NA - game name Jevahn.
1	Well..i'm not so sure about this.   I have always felt that the main issue with ranked is that there may in fact, not actually be more raging kids than a normal game but the very fact that there is now a points element attached to the outcome of the game, suddenly it matters more to you.   If someone in an unranked normal game is flaming or generally just being unpleasant to play with, you tend to shrug, report them and carry on. With ranked, the actions of a troll/feeder/rager are much more noticeable because a loss incurred by them has a lasting legacy. You will remember those lost points, that promotion series you lost because of them. You dwell on it more and you convince yourself that this sort of behavior is endemic in ranked.   The end of the season tends to exacerbate this because you have this same issue of dwelling on the losses and actions of others in game, with this constant knowledge in the back of your mind that there is a deadline.
1	about 60-70% of the randoms u meet in solo que are total a-holes...   If you both jump in at about the same time its a kill for the team noone Ks'd  anyone.   However if someone does 90% of the damage on a guy and u jump in with a spell to "steal" the kill well then its a KS.  HOWEVER i still say it's benefitting the team whoever gets the kill.   Also i would like to point out that when i play with friends i usually let our carry get the last blow on purpose just because an early fed carry will most likely win you the game earlier.   Playing with randoms i usually go mid and will do anything to KS because im usually playing a carry.
1	This is old, so I don't know if their stance on this is still the case but this is a post I remember reading.   >We debate this one a lot internally.   >In the short-term, I can say that we don't think that changing the format right before the final tournament makes a lot of sense.   >That being said, in the long-run, we could go 6, or we could go 8. We lean 6 at present. That could change.   >The reasoning here is pretty simple. Bans get used for 4 purposes in general, 3 of which have a meaningful impact on tournament play:   > Reason 1: To remove champions that players perceive are 'must pick or ban' or 'S tier'   >Reason 2: To ban your opponent's best player's signature champion (e.g. banning sivir vs doublelift in the NA regionals)   >Reason 3: To eliminate backbone champions from strategies that they are poor at dealing with, or to eliminate counters to their niche strategy.   >Reason 4: Because you hate playing vs a particular champion (e.g. Shaco) (NOT RELEVANT TO COMPETITIVE PLAY)   > We think that #1 is important. We think that #3 CAN be helpful. We aren't a big fan of #2 , though this somewhat becomes a debate between 'slightly more champion diversity' and 'wanting to see top players play their signature champion'.   >Right now, there are between 1 and 6 'S Tier' Champions depending on who you watch play -- At the NA regionals, it appeared to be some combination of Yorick(Yeah, he has some challenges), Alistar, Shen, Karthus, Malphite and Morgana (I would say that's in roughly descending order from highest to lowest priority). So today, most of the time, teams are banning maybe 2 champions to knock out S tier picks, with 1 ban going to signature champion denial or strategy denial.   >If we go to 8 bans instead of 6, we increase the amount of 'denial' bans by 100%. I'm not really sure we are better off with more denial bans. I for one want to see Froggen play Anivia and Voyboy play Olaf, and honestly, you would see that significantly less with 8 bans.   >Additionally, when the live design team succeeds in getting these 'must ban or plays' down more, which they regularly do, you will see more bans go to denial bans, which again, I think is dangerous. I don't feel that most of our current 'must bans' are truly 'must bans', but supposing we shifted that perception, at 8 bans and only 1 "must ban" per team, you'd see each team banning 3 characters for specific advantage -- so you could shut down all of their signature champions. Additionally, 8 bans raises the potential for some weird edge cases around banning a bunch of one role (such as support, jungle, etc).   >That's why we are waiting this out. As the perceived "S tier" champs oscillate between low numbers and average numbers, we will get a better feel for how much denial banning hurts the game vs enhances the game, and can make better long-term decisions. Right now, the benefits of going to 8 are somewhat hazy, so we are being conservative.   >Questions asked:   > Zileas, as you add champions, you must have more bans, right?   >We don't really agree with this -- we feel the minimum bans are related to the number of S tier champions, which can come from new releases, but honestly, is something we are getting better at managing with time. It's very conceivable we could have 50% more champions but have half the S tier champions.   > I disagree with your S tier list / You are acknowledging that those champs are OP / etc   >I based this off of what happened at the NA regionals generally. I am judging this based on what the pros do and how it impacts picks and people getting their signature champions -- ultimately that's more 'true' for setting bans than my general opinions on play balance. For the record, the only champion on there I'm 100% confident needs some work is Yorrick. The rest will of course be evaluated like we always do on this stuff, and touched when we need to.   > Zileas, are you saying the game is primarily balanced for eSports?   >LoL is a competitive game, and we spend a lot of effort to optimize to make for good high-level play. We also spend effort to make mid-tier play good, but it's a different standard. We will always nerf something if it is destroying ANYONE's experience (e.g. if Twitch was running 75% win rate among 80% of our players, we'd definitely nerf him), but we make detailed, careful, precise nerfs and buffs to optimize for top-level play. That's a pretty standard balance approach that I feel like is used in all competitive games, and has served us well thus far.   > If you guys think this, why do you have bans at all?   >Things often become fine in moderation. There's some definite benefit on diversity we are getting, and the negatives are not coming through that much. And, by eliminating perceived S-tier, we remove a lot of downsides around people feeling the tournament was hosed because of [insert OP champion here]. I doubt we'd ever go below 6 bans, but I guess if there was a long period of no 'must pick or ban' perception, we might.   > Why don't you heave interwoven bans (e.g. pick pick ban ban pick pick)   >This is a fairly complex topic. There are two short answers. First, we always want more gameplay, but we value gameplay in the game more than gameplay in champion select. If the most important decisions are loaded more in champ select than the game, the game starts to become rock-paper-scissors. The second answer is that if you add second step bans, those bans will 95% go to denial bans (blocking signature champions and strategy counter champions). The interleaving just magnifies the power of denial bans.   >The more nuanced answer is that League is opposed to 'rock paper scissors' style design. That's why we don't have hard immunities in large amounts, and why we don't have a ton of true hard counter champion picks. However, as you add more denial bans, you can start to create situations where this starts to become the case, especially if you can do it later in the pick phase and isolate around a specific role. If you are in a situation where you are very unlikely to be able to apply skill to prevail against a 'similar skill' opponent before the game started, the game just stopped being skill-based. So, we seek to avoid those situations as much as we can.   >I'm sure a common response to this will be --'Even if you don't need them/they have some side effects, doesn't it make champion select more strategic?'. I think it does to a tiny extent (It's a single pick in time), and has the potential to introduce more rock-paper-scissors picks. This is all fairly relative though -- there WILL be times where you can ban the counters and enable something, I am just making the argument that in aggregate, doing this will make the game more rock-paper-scissors in champion select, and in aggregate, will reduce the # of team-level strategies.   >But, we'd rather have people lose from playing poorly (or the other team playing awesome), than we would have them lose at champion select, and I feel like that potential is higher as we add bans. So, in summary, I'd rather keep the gameplay in the game than at champion select. You make dozens of choices in execution and prioritizing around your comp once in the game, and only do it once in champ select.   > Doesn't having interwoven bans increase the # of viable team-level strategies?   >It's hard to know 100%, but I think the evidence points to it being likely to reduce our team-level strategies. A lot of our powerful but slightly less common strategies (e.g. variants of sustain/poke with double trap, or double invade, and so forth) are pushed into relevance by a smaller number of characters than 'primary' strategies. If you can do this, primary strategies that can draw on a LOT of different characters will be the ones that survive. Being able to 'counter' those with an intermittent ban will tend to either result in people not trying them, or getting blown up in champion select and having a match of rock-paper-scissors play out.   >We have several goals with play balance right now, but one which is steadily producing better and better results, is the idea that we need to push more variants of team-level strategy into viability. This is not the '1:1:2:jungle" thing, as that encapsulates about 10% of the meta, it's more about making sure there are multiple flavors of early, mid, late game strategy, different approaches to valuing types of plays, and different comps to accomplish the same things, and that all of these comps play out in an interesting way against each other. The meta is healthiest ultimately when players can throw a bunch of different things at each other -- AND have them be interesting, balanced games. Banning at champion select effectively to them produce a situation where your niche strategy is pushed into viability via a rock-paper-scissors effect is just not good gameplay in our view.   >Bottom line -- I think the mind games possible in a more elaborate ban phase are really interesting, but it comes at a cost in the actual game potentially. It's really a question of where do you want the gameplay occurring? In champ select, or in the game.   -[Zileas](     From my perspective;   IMO DotA has a higher emphasis on picks and bans as a  strategic  aspect than Riot does.   While, from what I could understand, LoL bans are mainly for  removing S-Tier champions  from competitive.   And just for the
1	I main jungler. I loved s1 jungle so when they said s3 would be a mix between s1 and s2 I was pretty excited. I found s2 boring because the most viable junglers were the tanky ones and it was hard to play anything else in ranked. In the end I find the new jungle even less fun than s2 because you merely have more farm but with the oracle's nerf, the massive warding (sightstone), the early safety (bot usually have wards early, and now top+mid can start flask+pots/ward to  have huge sustain and map awareness),  and the fact that junglers can't really start boots but the lanes still can, you can't pull off ganks easily.   They wanted to diversify the champions in the jungle but what they did is quite the opposite imo. Since you have the same farm as before but ganks are harder to pull off, you need to play something that has huge cc, can gank through wards or can towerdive and doesn't need that much gold to do its job. Exactly the same type of junglers we used before the s3 changes.
1	Yes, whoever hits level 2 can pretty much decide the lane. When you hit level 2, you have the ability to just freeze the wave and zone forever.     If you're supporting, just remember to ward. If you're blue side, the enemy jungler will most likely start blue to get a leash from their bot lane which means he won't be able to come bot right away because he needs his red.     If you're on purple side, the enemy jungler will most likely start red to get a leash from their bot lane so both junglers will end up near top side.       This changes when the enemy jungler is mana reliant so they will have to start blue (Fiddle comes to mind), that's when you have to remember to ward, most of these mana reliant champions suck at ganking early so you won't have to worry about them ganking early since they're easy to avoid with wards.
0	This is misguided at best, and possibly harmful at worst. As others have said, while a proper diet and regular exercise may be healthiest, those within the grips of depression have particular trouble keeping up such habits. Medication can work wonders if prescribed properly. They surely aren't a panacea (we really don't have a solidly effective antidepressant that seems to work with many people), but they certainly should have much less stigma surrounding them (excluding the use of such drugs and Adderall, Ritalin, etc. for children).   For example, I've suffered with depression of varying severity for the past 7-8 years. Recently I began taking an SSRI in addition to regular talk therapy (which had been ongoing for months before the SSRI). With the introduction of the SSRI, suicidal ideation has all but disappeared. I still suffer from motivation problems and general depression from time to time, but a certain spiraling pathway of thought that had become increasingly common in the months leading up to the prescription of medicine was broken during inception. I'm talking about a gradual change (over first month or so of medication) from suicide being an all-absorbing presence looming behind my train of thought at any given moment, ready to hook into any negativity or self-perceived failure to... shit, I don't know, normal being? Literally night and day back to what I had hardly remembered from happier times years ago. Now I still have to keep myself mindful or else I end up continuing previous habits that tend to cause me stress (procrastination, especially), but the difference in stress and avoidant behavior now that I don't seem to have a sword hanging over my head constantly is profound. Additionally, I would've sought therapy (and medication) years before if not for internalized stigma about seeking help (for mental health and in general).
0	In the 2012-2013 season, excluding sports and reality, [the top ten network shows were](     Big Bang Theory   Modern Family   The Following   Two and a Half Men   Grey's Anatomy   NCIS   Revolution   2 Broke Girls   How I Met Your Mother   Family Guy     And here's the same list, with the number of black actors among the top five and 10 credited on IMDb:     Big Bang Theory (0/0)   Modern Family (0/0)   The Following (0/1)   Two and a Half Men (0/0)   Grey's Anatomy (2/2)   NCIS (0/1)   Revolution (1/1)   2 Broke Girls (1/1)   How I Met Your Mother (0/0)   Family Guy (0.5/0.5) ^1     Assuming the top five credits are the main characters and the top ten are main characters and recurring supporting cast, which is a broad assumption but generally pretty fair, that means the top four network shows and six (or so) of ten have no black main characters at all, and 4 (or so) of the top ten have no black people other than extras, guest spots and cameos.  Put another way, of recurring characters on the top ten scripted network shows 6.5% are black, as compared to 12.6% of the US population.   (And that's counting 2 Broke Girls, which is arguable since the entire show is based on every single character embodying a disparaging racial stereotype.  But that's another rant.)   Statistically speaking there should be at least one show in the top ten with a predominantly black cast.  But there's not.  The Cosby Show ended in 1992, Family Matters ended in 1998 and the Norman Lear classics (The Jeffersons, Good Times) are only shown in reruns on TVOne, which is basically Black TV Land.   So what does this mean?  Two things.   One, there's more than one in ten Americans who don't have anyone on TV to identify with, not just for racial reasons but cultural.  You've got nerdy white people, suburban white people, LA white people, NYC white people, etc., etc., and that's tough to identify with for a black person living in Oakland or Mississippi.  Entertainment is at its core Mary Sue escapism, and it's tough to enjoy it if there's no character to imagine yourself as let alone if it takes place in in a very foreign setting.   (In fact it can be argued that network shows have narrowed their focus to upper-middle-class white people so much that even white people are turning to cable for characters to identify with.  People are struggling with medical bills while the wacky cast of How I Met Your Mother can afford NYC apartments despite not having discernible jobs, so they turn to Walter White who's struggling with medical bills  and does something about it .)   Two, an underserved market has profit potential.  If there's 12.6% of the American public who want characters and settings they recognize, well, you can get rich giving it to them.   So is it racist?  Absolutely not.  It's a reflection of human nature filtered through capitalism.  Networks have essentially turned into White Entertainment Television  shows by white people for white people in which white people get into white situations doing white things  so it's only natural that there would be a demand for TV that reflects other demographic groups.  However it is a reaction to systemic racism in American culture that's hard for people removed from and unaffected by it to understand.   It's not racist black people segregating themselves from network TV.  It's a result of black people who've been gradually removed from network TV, effectively segregated by omission, finding a new home.
1	This whole subjects begs the question of what is the point of the regional tags. I think that question comes with what the world championship is in the first place which is different region with their playstyle coming to one place and facing against each other to see which is the strongest.   In that regard, I believe LMQ to be a NA team because their playstyle, after playing a year in the NA challenger and LCS scene to be a fair representation of how NA plays. There was a segment on SI where the guest was the girl from CHINA TALKS in which she compared LMQ to chinese teams. She said that because LMQ did not play together in china, their playstyle has totally shifted away from what current chinese teams are doing. This shows that LMQ has had their game changed with the NA scene throughout the year.   Again, that just my opinion. Feel free to disagree.
0	I stopped reading after you used the word "ancestor". Big hint here, it's not our generation! None of us actually have done anything to you! Seriously, stop blaming white people for the problems in your community. You know what will improve things? Doing something for yourself to improve your community instead of blaming white people and looking for handouts.
1	Riots system seems to be working from what they keep telling us... Sure you can say they would always say that but Riot is pretty open on what works for them and what doesn't. They also are more invested in having good games for players.
1	I don't get these guys..   What do they reach by doing this? They get into Diamond where they get stomped because they don't belong there... They can brag about it to their friends but that quickly falls to pieces when they play together and the friends see his lack of skill.   And when you play a competetive game knowing you'll win because you cheat yourself to victory.. Where's the fun? What the point?
1	Ziggs is OP though. He isn't strong because of the current meta (aside from assassins being nerfed), he is strong because his kit is ridiculously strong.   He gets to push and harass at the same time for low mana costs, destroy turrets quickly and two shot carries late game with AoE spells, along very low CD AoE poke, a really good displacement for both himself and enemies that covers a lot of distance and a zoning spell that lasts 10 seconds.   No other champion has all of those things. If you compare Ziggs to Xerath, who is balanced-ish and very similar, you'll notice Xerath has far less base damage, lower radius AoE, needs to completely lose mobility to achieve as much range and damage as Ziggs, has no escape, doesn't have empowered autos and doesn't have a spell that can zone an entire chokepoint for 10 seconds while dealing a lot of damage and slowing. The only thing Xerath is better than Ziggs at is killing people because his skills are harder to dodge and he gets a lot of magic penetration by sacrificing all his mobility.
0	This is the primary reason I only used it a couple times.  Sure there is no line on the random saturday morning.  But Sunday night when everyone is freaking out trying to return their movie so as not to be charged an extra dollar be prepared to lose 20 minutes of your life.
0	Its not the biggest shopping day of the year. That would be Black Friday which, as you nay notice by the name, isn't Thanksgiving.   As for you working holidays, you knew this would be the case when you took the job. This year marks a departure from historical trends in the retail industry.   Finally, people need medical services every day. No one needs a TV  on  Thanksgiving.
0	Dude this reminds me of a date i went on a few years ago. Mexican restaurant good conversation and margaritas. Then i played drums at an open mic night and had a great time. She shows up after im done and we make out for hours. Then at the end of the night she says "i have strep." Instantly got sick as hell and never talked to her again. What a bitch that should be illegal. So gross.
1	saying one role is mindless over another is pretty ignorant, you might say  mindless.   The human brain has a limited amount of attention. Some roles it is more important to focus the map in general, some roles it is much more vital to be where your team wants you to be and to make the individual plays, stay alive against all odds, and still do the most damage. There isn't less attention and mental power going on, it is simply more focused on making the correct clicks and walking the correct distance than other champions.   Your comment is especially silly when you consider top lane, in particular the tank meta. Your job is literally just don't overextend, keep up farm, and TP at the right time, then play a decent teamfight. but of course top lane is very stressful because you HAVE to stay alive and stay relevant even 2v1-4v1 or you give up an entire half of the map (In LCS anyway). There is a lot to consider. and in solo Q it is the role least represented in challenger and always has been because it's the most independent of the team.   how is the  most  team-dependent role the most mindless? Adc's are the most vulnerable, they're the last who should be warding, they're the last who should be initiating, they're the last who should be shot-calling because their role isn't to "make the big decisions" their role is to "do what they in small decisions with the big decisions their shot-callers give them"   Doublelift is definitely lacking in macro awareness or strategy, but players like Sneaky, Deft, and NaMei, all the best adc's in their regions or possibly the world at some point (Sneaky not as much at the moment) all have great macro awareness and play intelligently, and they get awarded for it.At the same time, there are tons of mids and junglers who have only been in LCS because they make fancy plays and once they couldn't dominate with their mechanics they fell off hard. Hell, there's even supports who really dont have great shotcalling or great vision control and without annie/morg/thresh to force plays or a janna to protect a world class ADC they're very underwhelming.
0	My concern is not necessarily with the restriction of porn (I'm too prudish to give a fuck about porn and wouldn't notice whether it was banned or not), but I do disagree with the limiting of access for a number of reasons.   Firstly, the concern is for 'parental control'- to give parents a 'piece of mind'. This, in my opinion, is bullshit. Children now grow up in technologically advancing and progressive society, it's highly likely that from an early age they will be more knowledgeable than the average adult. Do you not think that (similar to ANY prohibition EVER) that they will find ways around it? I.e. Utorrent.   My second GREAT concern is the potential for parental complacency. By insinuating that 'turning on the porn block' is actually going to stop access to porn is simply ignorant, yet some parents (who are at a level of computer literacy whereby they don't know how to switch on the child safety internet features already, apparently, thus creating a perceived requirement for this porn block) may rely on the block and simply believe this will 'protect' their child. Aside from my prior point (children will undoubtedly find a way) this is a HUGE risk- what about the alternative risks for children browsing the web? The disturbing images non-porn related, the risk of groomers posing as other children, the music with abusive messages/ lyrics? If parents are misguided, which is the impression I'm getting from the government, into believing this initiative will 'protect' their children, they may make no further attempts to ensure this is the case. Bad times.   Would it not be more wise to educate?  Educate children PROPERLY on sex education, rather than it being a taboo or naughty subject, embrace and teach and be open to questions, to answer inquisitive minds more honestly? It would certainly help with our countries increasing teenage pregnancy rates, and may take some of the appeal of porn away (maybe- not an expert but one would assume if they don't see it as naughty they might give less of a fuck until they get to an age where it's more healthy to be investigating sexual subjects?)   Educate parents. Teach THEM how to protect their own children- move computers into communal rooms, so you can see what they're doing. Don't allow portable devices whereby they will be able to access things you don't want them to. Do you genuinely think it's responsible parenting to buy an 8 year old an i-phone? If you do, make sure it's secured and protected effectively.   As an aside, filters generally can mess up- often intentionally. Developers/ distributors would surely figure out pretty damned fast a way certain phrases could still be searched for. And what about the innocent bystanders? Penisland.com would lose all business. Filtering is proven to have limited success rate- has no-one bothered to think this through?!   I don't know what Mr. Cameron's true motivators were for putting this notion forward, but I can't fathom there isn't a hidden agenda in there [way to go, double negative use], as surely someone with so much power, such education and access to his advisors couldn't seriously have thought for one minute this was a well thought-out scheme.  If he's prepping for the next GE and this was his attempt at going for the parental vote, I think he maybe should have given more thought to the segments that would oppose this ludicrous suggestion.   The news today is saying it's been revoked anyway. So moot.
1	Recently the sub has been reminiscent of WoW's forums after a patch. Patch days in the WoW forums were pretty much a cluster of hate/rage/angts/crying...it's so pretty much the Holocaust...literally the holocaust of forum chat...
0	I have a test tomorrow, i have to retake it because it is a qualifier for an oral exam. Last time i took it i was like - i studied, but wtf is this.  Atm i have read 150 pages from a book, but i dont think im smarter than the last time and have like 150 to go. Then i will have to reread like 10+ supreme court cases. And even then it might not be even enough to pass the test. The last time I even didnt understand why i dont know how to write the answers to the questions. I knew what they wanted and i knew what did the question ask from me, but nothing came out of the pen at that time.  I allready had an exam today so last night i didnt sleep much either, but i slept during the day so i think it will be a little easier. And then tomorrow after the test im going to have to start to study for another subject in which i have an exam on friday. After that it will be cool weekend, because i have another exam on monday.
0	The best way to motivate yourself is to not think about the long term goal, it's just too big, too far away.  Find a way to really fucking enjoy the thing that just happens to take you in that direction.  Want to get in shape but hate working out at a gym..don't go to a gym.  Take a dance or martial arts class.  The end goal becomes irrelevant and you end up getting there despite yourself.
1	Bringing him back to earth? Maybe. Then stomping all over him until he's beaten and lost his will.   Chaox was in the wrong position; they all were.  Dyrus was right, they needed to plan better beforehand.  Blitz could have just as easily blind pulled into that bush and grabbed someone different.   But Reginald didn't just point out Chaox's mistake.  He continued to hound him, and he turned their discussion into an argument by trying to throw the rest of the team behind himself.  He said things like "Everyone else disagrees, it's 4 vs 1...etc."  I'm pretty sure he even said things like "winning the argument."  It's not about winning an argument.  It's about winning the next game.
1	I main support and have seen a LOT of ADCs pull this kind of shit, who already were going all-in at half health, then blame junglers for not going in on their bad choice with them.   I've tried learning to jungle and it sucks, and I try to be super appreciative of anything my jungler does because bot lane is hard to gank unless the enemy team has no wards/idea what they're doing.
1	I apologize if I come off as arrogant, as I am far from a top player myself, however:   It has been my experience that players don't have a concept of what an average player's skill level is. This results in them being placed in games with players whom they view as inferior. [Dunning Kruger bias]( results in players assuming that they are significantly better than all their peers, and postulating that the only reason they are in "ELO hell" is because terrible players only exist on their team to keep them there.   My numbers might be a bit off, but if 1200 is the average ELO, then your average player, by definition, should be in those 1200s. Playing games is the only way to slowly creep out of this range, as the population forms the bell curve of skill levels. Most players will be in the 1000-1400 range, with the better players being 1500-1600, and the best being the outliers, not the norm.
1	Mana pots are useless for their price, so don't bother with that.   As for getting Mana early on, you can do it if it fits your play style, theory crafting can only go so far and trying out things that suit -Your play style- can mean all the difference in the world (hl2 ref!).   Personally, I don't require too much mana with Talon, so I go for damage rather than Ability sustain, it also depends on how much you spam \ how well you spam it, hitting 1 out of 5 W's on the enemy means you're probably using it poorly, and you can save loads of mana by just hitting it more, meaning you have to spam less.
1	It's pretty clear for me at least.   > banned me 3 times in a row   After a 1st ban you should always behave.   > I understanded that I flamed   Acceptance is the 1st step; now find solutions: use the ignore button if you are uber-annoyed by other players. Ignore them and play your best (of course working as a team)
0	Thank you for posting your research. As an Australian ginger, I can certainly relate. To put it in perspective, I'll get visibly burnt from no more than 5 minutes direct sun, or even just cumulatively throughout the day.   More annoyingly, I pink up nicely around my eyes, cheeks and nose after my 20 minute motorcycle commute to work, *even with my [tinted gold iridium visor]( Is this my visor being crappy or just my hyper pasty skin?
0	I guess I couldn't really make it all that clear, but I haven't lost respect for her intelligence either. As I said, I respect her for both her intelligence and enjoy her looks. If she wanted to be appreciate for both I could do that without a problem. What I was trying to say, in a light-hearted way, is that she wants to be valued only for her intelligence, not for her looks (which are considerable, she is very attractive), yet often says things to me that indicate that she really loves the fact  that her breasts are large.   Honestly, I tried to get the point across that I respect her by using the term "breasts" in the meme, not boobs or tits or whatever. But of course that level of subtlety is impossible to achieve on a meme like that.
0	I understand this part of evolution and could see it playing a larger role in terms of bacteria or yeast competing with each other; but how much of an effect would producing an unnecessary metabolic pathway actually have on a person? Are there any diseases someone could link to where a person is displaying symptoms of producing proteins that hurt their fitness?   And I don't mean diseases with loads of unnecessary protein building up due to lack of regulation. I would assume normal levels expression for the vitamin C pathway proteins varying with the amount of vitamin C present.
0	Minimize the task bar, get rid of all those tray icons and a little customization can't hurt.
1	Dear ADC's of League,   Fuck you. You don't dictate the pace of a lane, you wait for supports to make their moves and you don't fucking tumble into their Lucian/Thresh combo, if you want to go in, let me go in first. You need to be patient, the entire reason you're in lane is to survive and farm for when we need your whiny ass. Your job is to do damage, not make plays. I don't give a shit if you 'thought' you could 1v2, you're not a god, you clearly can't when rocking a 0/1/1 KDA. Oh, and when we get into lane, yeah? PUSH THE FUCKING LANE. A huge amount of the early lane is dictated by whether or not we're pushed under turret, I can't go aggressive when they have 20 damn creeps on us, so stop trying to make it happen.
1	I think it really needs to implement some kind of white or black list of champs.  I think most heroes are viable but it really sucks when you get stuck with someone like Trynd or Fiora and just get destroyed the whole game.  Also, it somewhat punishes players who own more champs than others as there is more barrier to success than those who only own champs they're good with.
0	Fat used to be considered a basic standard of beauty. This was back in the day when food was not as easy to come by as it is now. A fat woman was instinctual attractive because it was intuitively recognized that they could probably bear a child. The closer a culture got to a healthy standard of living (food for everyone in this case), the less they idolized the fat woman, and the more they idolized the skinny woman. Even college males who enter a cafeteria (are hungry) are more likely to say they are attracted to heftier women than a male leaving the cafeteria (not hungry). Source: psychology student.
0	Fun fact: Kerberos, the three-headed hell hound of greek mythology might be derived from the sanskrit word for "spotted".
1	Nah. Rousing the great and noble stream army to strike at the heart of Deezer, protecting his staunch allies while Blizzard stood and did nothing.
0	Actually, if they are a tax exempt NPO, it absolutely makes them not a business. Unless they file an article of incorporation. Which then makes them a business that's pulling shady shit, like Susan G. Komen. If there is no article of incorporation filed, then they can meet certain guidelines and file for a Charity/NPO tax exempt status. Which can be lost for acting like a business.   ["A nonprofit organization, or NPO, is an organization that uses surplus revenues to achieve its goals rather than distributing them as profit or dividends."](
1	I feel like some people forget is that Dota 2 is not balanced from a Hero vs Hero stand point. A big part of Dota 2's balance also comes from all the items and their actives.   A good example is the hero Outworld Devourer(OD), an Intelligence hero that can be classified as a Carry hero. A small rundown of how Dota 2 works is that, there are 3 stats; Strength, Agility and Intelligence. Each stat gives specific increases to out substats; Strength increases a hero's max HP as well as HP regeneration. Agility increases a hero's attack speed and for every 7 agility the hero gets +1 armor. Intelligence increases the hero's max MP as well as their MP regeneration. Now each hero has a primary stat, in this case Outworld Devourer is Intelligence, that means that for every point of Intelligence he gets, he will ALSO gain +1 attack damage. This is the same for a Strength or Agility hero, if they get points into their Primary Stat it will give them more Attack Damage.   This hero is great in a 1v1 laning stage because he can pull a hero out of play for a few seconds, and if its an enemy it will also temporairly steal their Intelligence, this gives OD more Damage as well as shrinking the enemies mana pool. He can also save himself or allies with this, for example if an allied gets stunned, he can pull them out of play, therefore disallowing the enemy to jump onto the stunned target.   Now his main damaging ability makes it so that with every right click, he does a % amount of MAGIC DAMAGE relative to his current mana pool(not max). This allows him to dish out a lot of damage if he has a high amount of current mana, however with every use it drains 100MP, so this means that he can drain through his mana VERY quickly. Due to this fact, his third ability, a passive, allows him to have a % chance to regain 40% of his MAX mana pool with every spell cast, including his hard hitting right click enhancing ability.   His ultimate is sometimes referred to as a THE HAMMER, makes it so that he instantly does a massive amount of MAGICAL DAMAGE in a fairly large area. The damage is determined by the difference of OD's Intelligence and the Intelligence of the enemies that were hit, and then multiplied by 9/10/11(depending on the skill level, ultimate can be leveled up 3 times). Not only that but the target's mana will also be burned before the damage is dealt.   Now then with that whole explanation of a single hero out of the way, you can clearly see that Outworld Devourer is purely a magic damaging hero. If left unchecked he can destroy an entire team but there are ways to counter him, the best way ofc is buy Purchasing a Black King Bar(BKB), a 3900 gold item that, when activated will give you Magic Immunity, but with every use the duration is lowered, starting from 10 seconds going all the way down to 5seconds being the lowest(continued use once duration hits 5 will stay at 5).   BKB is probably one of the most powerful items in the game and is probably picked up in 90% of games on atleast 1 or 2 heroes. This one item will shut down OD's damage completely, allowing you to man up and fight him without worry of dying to his insane amount of damage. This is an example as to how Dota 2 items are not only bought to help buff a hero but to counter the enemy's hero and help balance the game.
0	it was really a combination of her insecurity, me not being able to express emotions, and just overall being a jerk. She didn't believe me when i complimented her, thought i was just trying to get in her pants. instead of being persistent and reassuring her that i REALLY liked her. I got fed up and just went along with what she accused me of. Id poke fun at her, knowing she was really insecure about certain things. It made her feel like shit. but she had tough skin and really liked me so shed just brush it off. Then she started getting really detached, she never let me know how bad i was hurting her. but it got to the point where she just didn't feel the same.   I think the worst part of it is, she still doesn't know how much i adore her. It feels like one of those movies where the guy loses the girl then has to do something really embarrassing to get her back. i know i probably shouldn't even be thinking about getting her back right now, but shes truly the only one I want.
0	This is the kind of thing that is hilarious, but would make absolute zero sense to anyone who's not on reddit
0	actually, out of all the cats ive had, ive only adopted one of them. (my parents actually adopted him).   my boyfriend found my second kitten, elf, in the parking lot of a sams club.   my boyfriends ex gave us two kittens from a litter that was outside of her moms work, we named them yin and yang.   my boyfriends mom and her husband found two kittens that were only a day old or so who had been abandoned by their mother. some lady scared her off due to being "allergic to cats", even though they were on her front porch, away from the door. we nursed them back to health, although only one survived, sadly. her name is lunacy (or luna for short).   all of the other cats my bfs mom has (4 others besides luna) were found on the streets as stray kittens and rescued.   she also has two pitbulls (honey and buddy) that she found running down the street who looked abused, and she took them in. they are wonderful, sweet, loving dogs, although they were definitely abused by their former owners.   when i was very young, a reddish pomeranian/fox terrier puppy showed up at my door (the morning after i predicted it to my grandmom, i was like 3 or something and said i was gonna get a red puppy). i named her ruby.
1	The X axis is left/right   >The Y axis is Up/Down   >The Z axis is forwards/backwards.   That's how it works in e.g. Milkshape. That's how most people learns on their early lessons of geometry in math class. And how I understand (x,y,z) axis; as "froward, backward" is quite normal for me as "depth".   That's also how it works in LoL. From blue Nexus you are moving in Z axis, when going to toplane. You are moving in X axis when going to botlane. The Y axis is used by graphics engine, but is ignored by game physic, in case of hitboxes colliding and stuff like that.
1	curse have a lot of money, i'll put my money on him getting money and the reason he left was for money.
1	Yeah, but in Smite jungling doesn't work as well.  The xp doesn't work the same as in LoL when you have two people sharing it.  In high level Smite play, you would have no dedicated jungler, but each lane will end up clearing their jungle camps close to when they spawn (and in Smite, there are a lot more buffs in the jungle to claim, without specific buffs having to go to your mid, for example).  The same balance ideas may not work in both League and Smite because they have made different decisions in terms of balance in other parts of the game, and because jungling is so different in Smite, you cannot simply apply it's jungling optimizations to League.
0	Nasacort and Flonase are two over the counter intranasal corticosteroid sprays for allergies.  Allergic responses are mediated by a host of chemical signals, chiefly histamine, but there are MANY others.   Corticosteroids prevent the release of lots (but probably not all) inflammatory / allergy mediators.  They have nasty side effects when used chronically systemically (oral prednisone for more than a few weeks), so they've been formulated into a dosage form that has reduces systemic absorption (which is good because many people use them for weeks at a time because allergy is a chronic disease) while still being very active at the site of action (in and near the sinuses).   After the first dose you should notice some immediate symptom improvement in 1-2 hours, but the full effect can take a week or so to get up and going (since we're preventing the release of things that are causing you problems, and some of those 'things' are already present at time zero).   I like to recommend nasal corticosteroid sprays as a second line (after antihistamines) in allergy sufferers, not because they are less effective (they are arguably more effective), but because they are more expensive and less convenient than a 24 hour cetirizine, for example.
0	Years ago I was in a club, drunk and attempting to dance. I have a wide frame/big shoulders and am not exactly coordinated when drunk at the best of times, forget trying to do some kind of dancing..   Anyway, girl wanders by with drink which I subsequently knock out of her hand. Whoops. My bad. I mean she shouldn't really have had a drink there anyway but oh well. So I apologise and ask if I can replace the drink, she says no, I offer her money instead so she can get one herself. Again no. OK whatever, back to pretending to be able to dance.   A few minutes later I get approached by one of the girls friends who starts to chew me out for 'not being careful'. I just told her I offered to replace the drink, what the hell else did she want me to do? Her response? "Oh so first you spill her drink and then you hit on her?"   Was somewhat floored at her conclusion, but at that point just told her to fuck off and went back to my friends. But I still can't believe that she could interpret that as hitting on someone. I didn't approach her, I offered to replace a drink I spilled - I would have done the same for literally anybody in the same situation.
1	You are supposed to feed the Riot troll homie.   Pay them their money for boosts and champions.   Thats why 99% of new champs are so overpowered and arent tweaked for at least a week or two... Need to make dat money.   Its also why dota/dota2/hon is so much more competitively viable. LoL is a game where inherently you are never ever ever ever at an Equal playing field with the competition. Not even at level 30 due to massive amount of rune combinations and champions you arent even allowed to play...   Just play paddy cake, hope your team can group, and Feed the Riot troll their Federal Reserve Notes.
1	At any given time the total of all players would be zero, you can't have everyone be on winning streaks. The only possible solution would be that you reset to zero every time you log off which introduces abuse to the system as you can log off to reset your rating.
1	I don't think this tournament proves that the regions as a whole changed. EDG has always stood out from the rest of China atm. FNC played incredible but EU as a whole is still in an awkward spot. I'm biased against TSM because I've never really liked that team, I find it hard to be a fan of given that it should be a rule to have at least 3 players from your own region. TSM is also inconsistent and have a history of choking in international events. However, I gotta give them props for a great split and improved tactical game. KR is always been best as a region and I don't think this tournament changed that.
0	I once had an appendicitis and my appendix was is a abnormal place. So when it rupture it completely popped and filled my insides with a purple goo. Plus with the fact that it was in the wrong place the doctors didn't find it for almost a month, resulting in an infection and a month in the hospital where I had 8 IV's hooked up to me and was constantly in pain
0	Can someone summarize why Morgan Freemans AMA sucked?   [The over-obvious
0	Warning: Incoming unnecessary pedantry   While I get the OP's point, I know how difficult beating addiction is, and I applaud the parent for teaching their child about the dangers of smoking, I simply can't resist the urge to point out  the parent still fits a definition of hypocrisy .   Like most words, hypocrisy has more than one meaning. Of course we all know this, and it's why so many dictionary entries list multiple definitions for the same word. I'm sure we all can quickly Google a few thousand examples.   Hypocrisy is often used to mean something similar to this OED definition:   > The practice of claiming to have moral standards or beliefs to which ones own behavior does not conform; pretense.   This definition obviously implies that hypocrisy is inherently immoral behavior, because that definition of hypocrisy describes a dishonest behavior. No one wants to be this guy.   But hypocrisy can also accurately be used to describe behavior fitting this Merriam-Webster definition:   > the behavior of people who do things that they tell other people not to do   This definition, less commonly seen but still in common usage, is the version the father fits. And the important thing to note here is that this doesn't mean anything. There's no inherent moral implication to a person telling someone not to do something that they themselves actually do.   Sometimes married people who aren't enjoying their relationship will tell single friends not to get married. Sometimes people who hate their jobs will tell people not to go into the same industry. Many NFL players have publicly stated they won't allow their children to play football.   The examples are endless, but none of those are examples of someone being immoral. That's just a person giving someone else advice, and that act happens to fit an innocuous definition of a word more commonly used in an pejorative manner.
1	Actually there are male specific genetic disorders (called X-linked traits), like a certain form of hemophilia in Spanish royalty.  The way they work is some genes follow Mendel's rule of dominance, where only one of the two heterozygous genes codes actually does anything if one is dominant and one is recessive. (Remember, there are countless exceptions to this rule.) Colorblindness can be X-linked (emphasis on can), and when a trait is X-linked it is recessive, and belongs to the 22nd chromosome where if they are a girl, they have another dominant X (from the father). The other X from the father is dominant, thus canceling the recessive colorblindness. However, if you are a boy, you inherit a Y chromosome. This Y chromosome is unable to dominate the recessive X colorblindness, so the boy will be colorblind.
0	A perfect example of others peoples obliviousness is when I was driving about a week ago. I was coming up to a red light and had to turn right by moving over into the right only lane when it split off. The person in front of me stops, leaving like 15 feet between them and the person in front of them, not giving me enough space to sneak past into the right turn lane (which was just starting to branch off). I honked my horn at them after waiting and they went forward the extra 2 feet so I could get past. I flipped them off as I went past.   I know I probably do dumb shit when I drive, but at a bare minimum, when I pull up to a light I make sure that the person behind me can get past if they have their turn signal on. I know they didn't "owe" me anything, but how hard is it to have a little courtesy when driving?
1	I've never played StarFox so I have no idea what his  down+B  does but if you mean a version of Unbreakable that reflects the projectile being blocked then I think it would either be useless or OP depending on the mechanics:  If it changes the projectile to somehow not make it damage teammates after being reflected then it's literally just a Windwall/Unbreakable which moves enemies a slight bit.  If the reflected projectile does damage to enemies then it would be extremely OP and have little to no counterplay, it would be stupid, example; Caitlyn goes for a trade on the enemy Ashe, Ashe gets this shield thing, Ashe can then retaliate with her W and AAs and Caitlyn's Q, AA and E bounce back damaging her and so would any minion agro. How would that ability be fair in any way what so ever? At least with Yasuo and Braum your projectile is just destroyed, you don't get punished for trying to trade.
1	Just have a related random question. (I know less than nothing about game design or programming or anything.)   On a scale of 100-0, with 100 being entirely possible and 0 being absolutely impossible, how possible is it for an outside, independent person or organization to create a map mod (this one, or any other) for League of Legends that would be playable online by any random, average player?   I know other games have community-created maps that are playable. I assume the majority of these were made with approval and/or assistance from the game's creator/owner. But I'm sure at some point there have been illegal/unsanctioned game mods that became at least somewhat playable/popular, right?   I understand League is a massive game and massively complicated and it would be illegal and Riot would murder everyone, but I guess I'm just kind of surprised that with such a huge and passionate fan-base, and the insane and seemingly impossible things that people devote their time to achieving for games they love, that this hasn't happened with League yet. Unless it has and I was sleeping, in which case disregard.
1	The current topic is basically "fuck you I got first pick you aren't allowed to call a role" and to that I am saying that the people that  do  that are generally bad at the game because they are not helping with the  most  important aspect of the game. This is a  TEAM  game. If you don't communicate in champion select and accept feedback then you're usually going to be worse off than if you had. Even though it's soloque you are actually capable of talking to your teammates. The players that don't do this are the trash of this game. I don't care if a kid goes 8-0 and trash talks me I can report him and hit the ignore button. I  do  care if a kid doesnt' talk  at all  during team select picks a random champion because he got luckier with the randomizer and then our team does poorly because he picked mid first or top and got hard countered because he wanted to play a niche champion. I'm not allowed to ban you for that. I'm only allowed to put "this player lacks communication skills" or something.
1	Also, if they are on skype, they can lose the game by just telling their teammates when anyone comes to gank (or is low/recalling, where they are).  Having knowledge of where everyone is without having to buy wards can be powerful.   Also, have some excuse like "I need to feed my dog" or "My phone is ringing, brb real quick" and then afk for a couple minutes.  The opposing laner should get far enough ahead in farm that they could gain enough of an advantage to beat you in lane (especially if you try to towerdive them or something equally stupid).
1	I suppose a lot of players in SK are going to get benched.   Huh? Kev1n's been their best player all season, regardless of this last match, so there's absolutely no reason to bench him.   hyrqBot has been consistent throughout the season, so I don't see any reason to bench him.   Ocelote has become better over the course of this split and benching him would be an incredibly bad decision by SK, considering his huge fanbase transmits to SK having more fans as well.   CandyPanda has also been one of their best players, absolutely no reason to bench him.   Nyph is hardly their issue right now, so they don't need to bench him either.
1	Just going to add build up a bit, so pardon my phrasing. Though really brief build up.   In ArcheAge there is two continents. And within those two continents, there is it's... what I am going to call capitols, least it's where a lot of people hang out until the new area came out 3 days ago. And either way, when you go into the courthouse(room whatever you want to call it) you are under a buff that prevents you from attacking or logging out. And since the game bases most things that you do off of labour, you can afk in the courthouse to gain labour (5 for non-subscribed players, and 10 for subscribed players). So afking in the courthouse you cannot be disconnected from the game unless the servers shut down ofc.   So, I afked in the courthouse for free labour since I cannot disconnect from the game, and that's the easiest way (okay laziest) to obtain labour without necessarily playing the game. And I do this when I am going to school and going to sleep so I get about 110 labour an hour give or take.
0	This story is very specific and may blow my anonymity if anyone else involved is on Reddit, but it is too good not to share, and I'm too lazy to make a throwaway.   My older brother got married five years ago on the other side of the country. My whole family (brothers, sisters, parents, uncles, aunts, cousins) flew out for the wedding a week ahead of time. I am a writer and the whole week I was asking my brother if he needed help with his vows. He kept telling me he had it taken care of.   The wedding was hybrid Hindu-Christian affair, and the couple were writing their own vows. Well, it's about 45 minutes before the wedding, and all of the groomsmen, of which I was one, were getting ready in this hotel suite.   We're going through a checklist of stuff to make sure we have everything, and when it comes to the vows, my older brothers goes "Shit."   So we're scrambling to find something to write on and write these vows by committee. On hotel stationery.   If he shows up to his wedding with his vows written on a Staybridge Suites notepad, his marriage is over before it starts.   So, we're looking frantically for something else to write them on.   What does every hotel room in America have? A Gideon Bible.   We find it and the first page inside the front cover is some pretty sweet card stock. We need to rip it out.   The groom definitely does not want to tear a page out of a holy book on his wedding day to avoid any Old Testament-type wrath of god event.   So his little brother, me, who wasn't even the best man, takes the hit.   Wedding goes off without a hitch. Vows hit all the write notes. Reception was a blast.   And I have leprosy.   (Just kidding on the last part.)
1	push comps like that are never strong or not strong. the early game is actually where i think they would be the strongeset, because there are never any 5v5 engages where they would have to fight (most push comps actually have a very poor teamfight) this makes their late game actually very weak, but they compensate that by having the ability to just not fight, and permanently push objectives.
0	Exactly!  That's why I always find it funny when people call bullshit on stuff like this.  I used to work in QA for a call center and the amount of calls we record is tiny.  I'm talking like 2-3 a day for each agent...out of 40-100 depending on the still set or split.  Plus, we had to have our average call length for all calls listened to be within 10% of the skill's average handle time...so, if this happened on a call over, say, fifteen minutes, we would probably never hear it.
1	I remember when my friend hit a baby deer with her car and she just wanted to leave it on the road to die. I made her stop the car, I got out and approached the animal. Legs askew not a single one was left in place, its rib cage crushed like paper. It looked up and me and mewled a cry of distress. Shh little deer no more tears. Then I snapped it's neck.
1	the cooldown of here shield is fucking stupid especially because of the amount of the shield and not to mention you can use it to dash so its not just a shield its also movement.   for those of you who dont know here shield is a 6 second CD at level 5 and with 40% CDR thats around a 3.5 second CD with a 210 base shield with 100% bonus AD scaling.. YES... 100%   and not to mention her ridiculous level 6 all in and she also has an execute....   i think you should be happy they are not nerfing her as i played her quite alot in season 3 and i was bronze 4 and i went to silver 1 - gold 5 by spamming her with an average kda of 10/2/8.   you say that if renekton chunks her then she is fuked but the point is that all champs should have a counter and champs with good damage early (renekton,darius) counter her but vs laners with not insane early damage (jax,yasuo) she fucking shits on them. and plus if you make it ti mid-late game as riven u can easily poop on renekton.
0	25/F here & I'm not wheelchair bound, but I do have a below the knee amputation on my R leg, and wear a prosthetic. I never thought anyone would want to date me because I wasn't "a complete" person. After 4 years of being single and struggling with insecurities/ feeling like I could never measure up to anyone's expectation of what a girlfriend should be, I finally met someone who doesn't give a fuck about my "disability," and loves me for the person I am, and even thinks that me not having a part of my leg makes me different than any other woman he's dated, in a good way.
1	Let me paint you a picture....  cue dream sequence cut away   You're in a good mood and decide to play League for shiggles. Launch league > type in password (pause for a moment to appreciate new Yasuo intro vid) > Play > PvP > Summoner's Rift > Normal (again, for shingles) > Match me with teammates. And then you wait. A few moments go by, maybe hit up reddit for a chuckles or dry heaves (whatever your taste may be). And then the familiar war horn cries out and you return to the League client and click accept.   You watch as the other players cue up alongside you and finally they all fill up and BOOM, you're in the champion select. Positions are called left and right in the dialogue box but soon everyone settles in their position and instantly lock their champions in. Oh well, you think. You analyze the champions already in play. Mostly damage. Not much tank. Clearly people who get off insta-killing people and on the flip-side of that coin rage when they do horribly.   You try and keep your calm. Just pick the best role for you that would also support the team. It hits you: the demigod Susan. Why not? Time is ticking down. Have to choose now. Click. Click. It's locked in.   Fast forward to 15:00 minutes in. You've been going up against a decent champion that basically even in the top lane and all you do is truce it up and afk farm. But shit has been hitting the fan. It's 3-15. Your bot lane has been too cocky and has kept throwing themselves over and over again at their opponents. Their jungle has also recognized the gold mining potential and has practically created a merry-go-round route that keeps circling back to bottom to farm kills every time your team returns. But you know, in the back of your head, keep it up. It will eventually turn around. The clich "Late game champ" dances around in your head. HA! Yea right.   BOOM! Suddenly the Shen you've been fist-bumping with suddenly ulties. This can't be good. He disappears from sight and suddenly you hear "A alley has been slain. Double kill. Triple kill!" Best thing is to take out a tower at least. You do. And now it's time to return before they gang up on you. Your items now are Sheen, paper bag boots, glacial shroud, and spirit visage.   You return to lane. Your first tower is there, but there is a succulent wave of minions gathered around it that makes any Susan player's mouth water. Almost worth teleporting for.... almost.... But you get there just in time to start farming. And before you know it: (randomly chosen champions) Morgana and Evelynn show up from the bushes and jump you like a spider monkey.   You side-step Morgana's snare, get hit with Evelynn's ult but manage to be directly under tower range and that bitch Evelynn is tanking for some reason.   BOOM! FUCKING SUPER SAYEN EGYPTIAN GOD ULTI ACTIVATED > GROW AS TALL AS A 14-GIANTS-BELT-ZAC'S DICK > whither the fucking Morgana cause she shielded Evenlynn (to prevent the whither under tower) > summon the spirit fire of the under world to lower both party's armor > Morgana activates her ulti in panic > BOOM! GETS MOTHA FUCKIN PIMP CANED IN THE MOUF! 100 - 0!   By now that bitch Evelynn has popped her little stripper twirl and is running out of the vicinity but you activate your ghost and FRED-MOTHA-FUCKIN-FLINSTONE-TWINKLE-TOES all the way back in range and whither the fuck out of Evelynn..........   This summoners is the mouth watering moment we've all been waiting for. Evelynn is withered. You're in god mode. All three dog heads barking away. You drop the disrespect and bust out the speakers and dance for a moment as Evelynn gets slower and slower... then right as the whither is about to wear off.... you send her to black and white screen.  Cue "YOU GOT KNOCKED THE FUCK OUT" from the movie "Friday" and keep dancing
1	I totally disagree with you.. because you cant forget the luck factor, off course if you bellong in a league you ll get ther.. but sometimes the getting stuck in a league is a real issue.. im Gold I trying to get plat before season ends and I can say that I m really bad luck, because I never have luck .. every time I get a crazy mofo that trol picks the game.. And makes it a lot harder.
1	try playing dota2. i quit league of legends 4 days ago and i played around 2 years non stop but this game right now is just too frustrating with all the hate and trolls and leavers n all dat i just became sick of it and wanted to try something new but i liked mobas so i went to dota2 its not the same as league of legends but atleast im still new to it so i get to have the joy of playing a new game again
0	Don't ask me why or how I know this, but apparently water or air at higher pressures in the vagina is dangerous and should be avoided.
0	At one point I worked at Target as an overnight stocker, so I have a really terrible insight into this problem. As a girl I had to do the clothing sections really often (the job assignments were really sexist, btw). Putting away clothes was quite awful. Everything for the entire men's, women's, kid's and babies' clothing section came all mixed together in a giant cardboard box. My job would be to open all the boxes, one at a time and sort the clothes by section. There were usually three or four pallets of these boxes. The first half of the night is sorting, the second is putting crap on the shelves.  Jeans were so hard because the sizes they sent to be put out were absolutely random. There brand would be completely random. The color would be completely random. You never appreciate how many different variables of men's jeans there are till you're trying to match the brand, color, size, style of individual, unfolded pairs of jeans on a [wall]( of shelving for every pair of jeans that's not on a rack. The wall runs half the length of the men's dept. Oh, and the day's worth of customers leaves this section a jumbled chaotic pile of random. Nothing is where it's supposed to be, and half the stuff you have doesn't have a spot designated on the little crappy guide on the wall. There's number combinations that don't exist, and color/style combos that you'll have one of, and no others to match it up to. So in the end you just find it a spot and move on. You still have to do the underwear/socks section.
0	Adding the taxes and having to tip your waiter is genius marketing strategy. It lures you into thinking that something is cheaper than it really is.  This means you spend more when you stop. Think about it when you sit down and look at a menu you see that your entree costs $17.00 but after tip and taxes it really cost ~$22.  Well if we knew it costs $22.00 we might not buy it, but at $17 dollars it sounds great. The same way with sales taxes, in Louisiana the average sales tax is 8.5% this always seems like a little, then I buy something that costs $2,000 and am surprised as  all crap when the salesman tells me $2,170.  I am fiscally responsible, and try to think about all the costs involved in a decision, but I and almost every other american underestimates the amount of sales taxes we pay.  If companies switched and included sales taxes in the prices then according to the price elasticity of demand, the company would pay a portion of the taxes that they are currently paying 0% on.
1	Maxing Q gives 60 dmg/lvl, E gives around... 40 dmg/lvl   E can't be determined with dmg/lvl, because you never know how many spears you will hit before activating.
0	i think part of this whole thing stems from there being no clear-cut (or at least agreed-upon) ways to use these memes (as far as i can tell). i also  think that the /r/depressionbear subreddit is useful for redirecting the depressing confession bears so maybe we should do that for other memes, as well. this way people can still post them but it'll be to a more relevant community. this subreddit is supposed to be funny (though it makes me question the advice mallards, but i think thats a subject for another day).
0	Coming from a Public Health perspective, this is a  MUCH  larger issue than stated.   First off, people on government assistance continue to have more children because they are incentivized upon having more children. Typical cash transfer programs are designed in such a way that if you are a family making less than X dollars per year you are entitled to X amount of money. If you have a child under X age you are entitled to more, if you have 2 children you are entitled to even more, and so on..   Having worked in social work for a number of years as well I have also come across (first hand mind you) people who have actually stated that they were planning on having their 4th child because Obama will give them more money. I am not stating opinion here, just verbatim of what was said. Whether or not it's "kosher" to think people can be shitheads, this thought process is not uncommon.   The trouble is that by providing more money you are not solving anything, but merely creating a larger problem. Many of the times the money is not going towards the childrens health, nutrition, housing, or education, but rather parental vices like clothes, cigarettes, alcohol, and drugs.   This is where alternate programs like "Conditional Cash Tranfer" programs come into play. If you do a little research on the subject you will see that they work 10-fold in Mexico and other poorer countries. The idea of CCT programs is that one is awarded monetary compensation based upon meeting obligations put in place by the government itself. These obligations are put in place to ensure the welfare of the child first and foremost and to make sure the funds are being used appropriately.   An example of this would be that a family would be given X amount of dollars per week as long as their child has been to school every day, all members of the family are up to date on their vaccinations or yearly physicals, etc.   CCT is simply an off-shoot of Contingency Management, Behavioral Economics, and basic Operant Conditioning (cite Skinner). It's been proven effective several times over and I cannot begin to understand why we do not adopt this type of program here in the U.S. Former Mayor Bloomberg has started one in NYC, but I am unsure about the outcome data regarding it.   Going back to your comment above specifically, you also have to take into account that people are not rational thinkers. People like to believe in mystics and jesus and the golden walnut and allow things like that to cloud their better judgement. Providing teens with birth control and sex education has proven effective several times over through countless randomized trials when compared to abstinence. Still, people hold on to their old testament ways and still consider it "sinful".   Second, providing highly effective and long-term birth control options for free is questionable. First off, nothing is free. It would be a challenge to get insurance, or tax payers to cough up more money to pay for people to continue fucking who shouldn't be in the first place (joking of course). Next, many IUD's or BC methods have some unknown or severe consequences. If this was to be distributed by the government they would then bare the brunt of responsibility if one reacted negatively towards that specific medication. I could be wrong about this. Next, would options would be included in the "free" package? Their are thousands of BC methods and you know one would get the contract over the other....whomever bought off the most legislators I am sure. This means that the most money wins and not necessarily the best/safest product.   My last point, is that this is  VERY  multi-faceted. It's an educational problem, it's a environmental problem, it's a societal problem, it's an individual problem, it's a community problem, it's a familial problem. Because of this, there isn't a simple solution or magic intervention that put in place would solve the issue.   Individually, people need to begin to take responsibility for their actions. By throwing more money at them for no effort in return they are not learning and thus destined to continue their pattern of destructive behavior. Familial level, people might know nothing else. Their parents were on welfare and it's all they know. No one gave them aspirations to go to college and no one cared either way whether they worked or not. This is a learned behavior and is hard to change.   Environmentally, maybe that person lives in a neighborhood or project where everyone around them is on government assistance as well. That person then learns this is something acceptable within their community and actually forms bonds based on it. It's no longer viewed negatively. They also learn how to game the system and how to get the most for your (lack of) buck. i.e. having more children nets you more income.   Societal level, we allow it, don't want to deal with the problem, and think by simply providing money that will somehow solve the problem. People like to  believe  they are being altruistic by supporting certain causes vocally, but never actually think about the consequences of those programs, who's affected, or what goes into them. These are the same people who claim to be altruistic, but have never seen the inside of a soup kitchen to volunteer their time in their lives. - posers.
0	a) look normal (this one is important. you don't need to be 'attractive', just normal); b) dress nice (and wear clothes that fit you well); c) care about your hair; d) be clean   that's really all it takes to get guys thinking about shagging you, I guarantee it. I know that seems crude, but most people wouldn't date someone they wouldn't have sex with.   if you DON'T look normal (I'm talking objectively. I'm not judging the way you look, but if your teeth are super crooked and big or something like that. if you're over weight, go after similarly sized men) then every other step becomes more important, AND you need to have a likeable personality.   remember that a lot of people date for looks but stay for personality. there's nothing wrong with that. that's quite literally the entire point of dating. if you're awkward or something, that's fine. you will either find a guy that thinks it is charming or you will get less awkward over time.   I guess my
1	To be honest i dont think League evolved in a good way, considering toxicity is still as high as before (if you wanna flame, you will, 3 messages are enough), also the chat restriction is like stoping a fight in a bar and continue to give everybody a pistol so it gets really bloody(seriously, trolls have more power now since reports are actually not useless now).   Im also pretty sure Riot is lying like "95% of players didnt received punishment bla bla it only hits toxic people", just for fun i asked people in champ-select (high gold/low plat) and 3/5 had chat restriction. Im not sure if they just give us "good looking" numbers (you know, ignoring facts that from 95% of players 20-30% are smurfs maybe and anything else that makes them good looking).   And the patches...its seems kinda random, i mean leBlanc can still oneshot people without counterplay(inb4 "buy banshees hue hue") while khazix gets now nerfed into oblivion. If community wants a LeBlanc-Nerf Riot runs around:"oh my god, noobs LeBlanc is fine l2p, we are anyway smarter and superior", while they back off for some random reasons when they wanted to do lee changes(this would be the best thing for him imo, i dont remember numbers but taking his godmode with lvl 4-11 and give him a lategame where he's no useless kicking machine seems like a good idea).   And at this point we're not even talking about "forgiven loss" and servers which seems is controlled by a magical chicken that steps randomly on buttons.   And guys, im NOT Xpecial but I really think people are now passive aggressive,this one or two sentences at the end of a lost game like:"next time dont pick jungler if u cant play it" or "thx for the gangplank-pick"(<- Thats okay imo, picking gp should be official considered trolling)
0	You would be Superman if you could point to any songs by Bush that were good.   I dunno, it depends how old you are (I stress again that I do not know what Middle School is) and who bought you up and what you were exposed to. My point about "amazed" is when you live through something, when it leaves an impression on your brain, it is sometimes a shock to find that its time has passed.   I used to be shocked when I met kids who could not remember the Falklands War... because at the time,  for me, it was huge, all consuming and shocking. And then, whilst still thinking of myself as young, I started to meet people who were too young to remember, then people who were not born then, then people who were born well after. My last girlfriend was born 11 years after that conflict.   So... at first, when this process begins, you think "kids.... they are so ignorant and stupid... why would they not know about X" (X being Kurt Cobain, or 9/11, or the Falklands).   Then you realise... "... well actually... they were a bit young, but I would have thought they would have heard of it...".   Finally the mind goes ".... hold on, its not they are stupid, its that I have aged... why would they know or care about X? They were born 5 years after it happened and have their own culture and agenda..."   I am not saying its amazing kids can think.... or that it is amazing any kids have absorbed any culture. I am just saying when you consider there is no reason for someone to know everything that happened in the decade(s) before their birth, especially when there are plenty of current things happening,  then that can be amazement.
0	I actually have been watching old episodes of Boardwalk Empire whilst the Olympics are going on. I understand the meaning behind it all and whatnot but cmon....
1	HotS is a good MOBA.  It is only in closed beta and looks like it'll have a strong future in general popularity and e-Sports.  Mechanically speaking, it's a decent amount simpler than League, and in someways strategically as well, but it's a  lot  more fast paced, and a lot more team oriented.  It's also very unique compared to League, and I think that is really going to make it stand out.  It's really solid right now, I look forward to it's future.
1	Can we stop complaining about this, lets stop whining about 70-90 ping, upgrade from dial up to avoid spikes that the community complains about, yes I will agree 40 ping vs 90 is huge advantage for the other team...when your challenger, but if diamond players are so passionate about lower pings play on LAN servers. I am plat 3 and live in Florida and ping has never affected me besides when the server itself is lagging and I'm Loss prevented
0	No Fun League.   Oh snap, son, that is one sick burn on those sports-executive bigwigs!   Also thank you for humouring me and offering an informative but concise explanation of the uniform situation. From my high school sporting days (field hockey, because I went to an all-girls British public school and was too fuckin' hardcore to trifle with netball, which is basketball with 85% of the fun removed, for those who don't know) I get that ensuring a consistent uniform across players is pretty important, from the superifical "we look united against our opponents!" to the somewhat psychological of all being dressed the same, looking the same, working the same and in it together.   ...holy mother of run-on sentences, Batman!   To get vaguely back on topic, mental health is something that is particularly close to my heart, and that can occasionally (thankfully not too frequently) press my indignance button before I've had a chance to sit back and look at the broader context of something. We could discuss the ethics of corporate sponsorship of sports and sporting uniforms 'til the cows come home, but it's not going to change the bottom line and, really, why should it? The system seems to work for those involved, and more power to 'em, the fact that elite athletes will open support charities, particularly ones for less glamorous or more taboo subjects like mental health is a pretty fuckin' big deal in itself.   It would be bloody brilliant if the FREEDOM FOOTBALL powers-that-be take Marshall's stance into consideration in future and maybe incorporate public support for mental health charities in future games. Even if it's just one or two games a season, it's a relatively minor adjustment for them that could make a significant impact in public perception/understanding of mental illness. Lord knows it's something clouded by a world of prejudice and stigma.   ...but there I go grinding my mental health axe again
1	Wasn't their approach to Nami just like this? They increased her power only a bit every patch till she hit a comfortable spot. I think a similar approach would be better for champions that are just little over the top or they would like to adjust like Gragas, Ziggs, Renekton etc.   Now they just do a lot of testing and reverting on the pbe and it feels as if they will never decide what they want to do with the champion. But I'm also fine with the likes of Kassadin changes taking longer than usual since he's a very hard champion to balance.
0	You see there is your first problem. You feel attacked by Europeans. Nobody implied that Europe is better. Also this meme isn't about Europe at all.  Were is this "'Murica" stereotype coming from? Well you had the Gulf wars and Iraq. Let's just talk about Iraq for a second. A war where the US government decided to don't give a shit about UN mandates and attack a country even though the UN found no signs of WMD during their investigations. I bet you would make fun of other countries if they did that too.  So this meme is not about the fact of invading Iraq for WMD/oil but about the fact that the US said something and did the opposite. (preaching freedom/democracy and waging war) So this is the core element of this meme. Not that hard to understand actually. So what does "Kenya found water/ how 'bout some freedom" actually implies? It's not meaning that the US is thinking about attacking Kenya for water. It would be idiotic to assume that. No, it is a funny joke that the US might declare war while using a bogus argument (freedom) as a casus belli just like they did in the past decade.  So you could try and not be extremely sensible and laugh at those jokes. It's fine if reddit makes fun of foreigners but once the USA is criticised those pictures are stupid. Sorry but this makes you guys look fake. You can't post pictures about France being cowards because of WWII and laugh at them but when somebody makes a joke about the US you all start flipping.  Maybe US-American political humor is different but the rest of the world seems to like those memes (since they get upvoted).  Regarding 9/11. Reddit is an international platform that is mostly used by Americans so if anybody about 9/11 popped up on the front page a majority of American redditors has upvoted it. So no it's not us "Europeans" (still wondering why you assumed everybody outside of the US is European..) who made those pictures. I personally see 9/11 as a very national trauma (I don't see pictures about London, Madrid, Bologna, Munich popping up) so you might understand that it was a pretty regular day in other countries. Also I have no idea why you would assume that criticising the US should be forbidden on 9/11. This seems like a really US-centric point of view imho.   I would like to have a reasonable discussion with you or other people but I already know that nobody is going to reply seriously.
0	First:  Pretty much only liberal echo chambers like reddit are making a big deal over this sort of thing.   Second:  Romney doesn't want Sesame Street to be canceled.  He's pretty convinced, as am I, that if the government cut the small sliver of Sesame Street's budget that the government provides, it would still succeed as a private entity.
1	The thing is we have zero context about the 'examples' either.   'gg' could have been after they got aced and were getting the nexus pushed, or it could have been in champ select after they didn't ban Blitzcrank. We don't know and OP didn't bother to provide context.   He also didn't include people that responded, to the so called toxic comments when respondents are more often than not far more toxic to the game by not just ignoring someone else's frustration.   Stating "top lost mid lost bot lost" is the same to me as them saying "they have 4 dragons", "Jax is fed", and a myriad of other status updates so that you can actually form a strategy. But OP leaves out if that was followed up with "so we cant fight them guys just try and farm up and pick them off with vision control".   Just because someone might take something as toxic when it isn't intended is their own problem and they should learn to work with others rather than getting offended at the earliest possible moment. It isn't my job to babysit emotionally unstable people and get them to work together and I'm not going to make it. This behavior is far more toxic to LoL games than any negative comment. These people WANT to be offended or they would just /muteall and play the game instead of responding in kind.   And seriously 'ff@20' is not toxic. It is shorthand for 'I want to surrender'.   I'm way more toxic than any of the examples OP used, but I just don't send anything or I say it out loud. I'm well aware of how these can be considered toxic, but you cannot argue that "this Riven is literally fucking retarded and blind probably couldn't even kill herself if she tried" and "I want to surrender" are equally toxic. One steps outside of the game to insult the person directly and the other is literally just a strategy suggestion. One with 0% chance of winning the game, but it is a strategy.
1	Additionally Shield performed at a level during the gauntlet which I seriously doubt they will be able to replicate. Zefa and Watch really stepped it up during the gauntlet, but now they seem back to their average level, not very impressive. I think while the gauntlet run was certainly impressive, it does not cement their spot as 3rd place in KR.   I would argue instead that the Arrows are the rightful 3rd spot, on a normal day they will perform better than Shield, they are still a relatively new top team and will definitely continue to grow, while Shield likely will not get very much better. Kinda irrelevant but I also feel the Arrows style would look much better on the world stage.
1	He has high damage, but playing him feels so damn awkward. Like, except for W and R, his skills don't really interact or combo together in any way. Like, his laser is long range poke, but his Q is for short range trading? His kit is a mess.   Also, W is terrible for chasing since the unpack time is so damn long. I'd try the augment that improves it, but the stats that it gives compared to Augment Death aren't helpful.
0	Exactly.  I was in a relationship with a guy all through college.  He was and still is one of my best friends and we were very well matched but we both knew about 8 or 9 months into our almost 4 year long relationship that we were not going to get married.  He wasn't sure he really ever wanted to get married and while it was something I did want  eventually  it was not really a priority at the time.  Additionally, while we worked incredibly well as a dating couple, there were some major difference in things like how we handled finances, how we felt about kids and so forth that don't come up when you're just dating that made it obvious that a marriage between us would not be the best of plans.   Once we entered our 20s people began to ask when we would get engaged/married to which we would always reply "We're not."  The most common reaction to this was "Then what's the point?" The point was that we loved each other, were best friends, and there was no one else we wanted to be with.  Marriage was not a priority for us at the time and the idea of breaking up just for that reason and having to see each other all the time (lots of the same friends, very small campus) would have been torture.  We broke up a couple months after graduation when he moved across the country for grad school, gave each other some distance, and are now good friends again.   Now that I'm older, finding the person I want to spend my life with is slowly moving up my priority list so that now if I were to realize a few months into a relationship that it was headed no where, I would end it.  I don't regret a single day with my ex.  That relationship taught me a lot about myself and what I wanted out of life as well as how to be in a healthy, monogamous relationship.  But priorities change and not everyone has the same views on marriage.
0	Yeah, look at that clearly posted in your original post... It's written multiple times...   Oh right.
1	Syndra and Orianna are similar in their skill floor.   After 3 games with Orianna, a competent player knows how to shield allies, use Q to setup an ult, and use W to burst or slow/speed up. Similarly, after 3 games with Syndra, a competent player can harass with Q, stun (maybe not always, but capable of hitting one), and slow people with W.   However, both have such small details that make them incredibly powerful when mastered. With Orianna, knowing how to properly move the ball with Q and E to hit enemies, being conscious of CDs during teamfights, etc. separates the great from the competent. With Syndra, it's knowing her late game kiting potential, knowing how quickly W throws the ball/minion, knowing how quickly you can use E after spawning a ball, and my personal favorite (which I rarely see people doing)- spawning balls in the Fog of War and surprising enemies with a 5-6 ball ult.
0	There is a less than 7% success rate because a typical CPR patient is an 80 year old elderly female with a history of congestive heart failure and a load of other problems. With children the success rate is much higher due to the fact that it is not usually a cardiac issue but a respiratory one. Children will shove anything into their mouth and a CPR course will teach you how to handle this situation when your child is still conscious by performing the heimlich and CPR when they become unconscious.  Usually for children if you fix the respiratory issue they have a higher chance of survival. CPR is generally intended to keep the brain and tissues alive by circulating oxygenated blood by manually pumping for the heart. When you go into cardiac arrest your blood is still saturated with some oxygen. It never happens that you see a person spontaneously jump back up from CPR.
0	If only they came in the
1	I played normal draft from lvl 20-30 and had almost no problems (except pick order vs call order which was still huge when I was playing) but after I started playing only ranked and whenever I went back to normal draft to get relief from ranked, I would get trolls, like double top lane who followed me around in jg stealing buffs/camps/experience to straight up a lot more afks, I don't think it's worse than ranked, just equally bad in different ways, ranked is a lot more flaming but people will try to win most of the time while it seems like there's less flaming in draft but people don't care about the games.
1	Back in season 2, vman7 was one of the most toxic players I've ever had the chance to play with. He got his first perma ban, I agree with that.   I have not had the lucky pleasure to play with him in season 3 though (as his elo is too low). However, I just looked at the report card for his second perma ban, and I am surprised. He is not even that toxic. I would not have punished several of his cases, and I don't think his current behavior deserves a second perma ban.
1	I think a lot of the reason there's such conformity in league is that unlike starcraft, your game is not purely dependent on your play. As many of us can attest, in the lower ELO games, even if you do everything right, you can easily have a team of people who dont have the brainpower to breathe and use a computer at the same time. (I know, getting to 1400+ means carrying the team. I just dont understand how one is supposed to carry a team that picked three carries before your turn to pick rolls around.)   When I see a master yi rushing malady after demanding solo mid, I don't think "what an interesting and unexpected build. Maybe he tries to use his ult to get up close and hit them a few times, then alpha strike for massive damage on the decreased MR. Clever, they wont expect that." I think "oh god, he has no idea what he's doing, and the cookie-cutter Annie on the other side is going to CRUSH him, and go on to CRUSH the rest of our team." and on a day when I've already had a few sore losses, I'm not very inclined to be supportive to our dear alternate-build Yi.   In starcraft, if you want to do something absurd or off the wall, nobody suffers other than you if it goes horrendously wrong (barring team matches; but the majority of competitive starcraft seems to be focused on 1v1 rather than 2v2 etc.)
0	It sounds like this was a Caesarian. Pooping is more likely to occur during vaginal birth. My wife had two c-sections and threw up during the first from the anesthetic.   Cute story though, the doctor pulled my son's head out as I'm looking over the cloth barrier and all you see is wife's belly with this tiny head sticking straight up out of it and then he let out this little sneeze onto the doctor's hand. This was one of the most amazing, relieving and happy moments of my life.
1	Hey guys,   I am CBNemesis, I am from  The Netherlands  and I am a designer & plat 3 League player.   My Twitch channel is:   Since my channel is mainly about desiging wallpapers for you, I'll show you my  album:   I like to design wallpapers for free for people. Since its live you also can correct some stuff you dont like (as example, you want a different front.) Thats what it makes fun for me to do, I can be interactive with my viewers/users of my wallpapers. I also try to help people with questions about the program I use (photoshop cs6). And of course when you have tips ofr me feel free to share them. I still do it in my spare time for about 3 months now. I dont do an education or something for it.   But sometimes I do stream games aswell. I play with my viewers or friends (depends on viewer count). Since I am from The Netherlands I'll usually talk dutch unless someone asks me to talk in English. (Usually I only have dutch viewers so far). But I am willing to talk in English!   I do not have a schedule, for streaming yet, due to school & work. But I'll look to make one in the future.  Most likely I will be streaming in the evening/night . GMT +1   Hope to see you soon on my channel and have a nice day!   ~NemesisCB
1	I do like the style that C9 is bringing in. Let us copy the Koreans and win. They are an aggressive team that doesn't have any idea how to deal with teams that play their game. Unless they do their homework, they are gonna get hit hard at worlds. While teams like solomid, dig, and clg are on the back line, they are still adjusting to the new meta. Honestly there is nothing wrong with the NA scene. NA has always been more farm, aoe fights oriented, it is just sad that sometimes ego comes first and we adjust slow to aggression teams like the Koreans, the counter jungling style of the Russians and overall the bizarre Russian style. The one thing we can learn from the Koreans is that no champion is considered weak. Implement that, and we can compete on the same level as the Koreans and Chinese.
1	It's a struggle my friend, and I feel your pain and your pleasure!   I got my start through my long time friend Hanjaro when he asked me to manage No Dice Gaming. A year later now I co-own and also manage Zenith Esports and I can tell you honestly: There are upswings and downswings, but if you keep at it; if you push through the low times; in the end you can grab that brass ring.   Many people quit when it gets hard, both in the players and in their supporting staff.  In the beginning everyone is excited for a fresh opportunity, but in time that sparkle fades. It leaves us in an environment full of trials and doubts. Teams can lose motivation. They can regress. They can even turn on each other.... That's  where the support staff (Coaches and managers) have to step up.   The reality of it is we all hit a wall at some point in time in our journeys. It's big and intimidating, but when we address that wall: Successful people will lace up their boots and march forward, They punch through it and  continue to pursue the dream...  Failures will do a U-turn at the first sign of a pothole in the road.   Sometimes your brain will tell you it's time to quit, but you'll know in your heart that the right move is to continue. Eventually, you will find the light at the end of the tunnel..... --  SoonTM    =)
1	When you first commented on the forums and actually answered our questions and listening to our suggestions, I almost couldn't believe it. When the new map was revealed, I felt pretty positive about, even though I promised myself not to forma a too strong opinion before trying it out.   After looking more closesly at it, however, I got the fealing that it is more of a "Mini-Dominion", a game that doesn't rewards mechanical skill as much as SR or the old TT.   Also, with the removal of the upper jungle and much wider lanes/jungle corridors, I just seems that it was made more noob friendly. I have played ~1500 games of TT since right after closed Beta, I loved the old map even with the imbalance, the near impossible jungle and the many other issues. It was a challenge that you had to put hours into to master. I have beat countless ranked teams where the members were >2k Elo in Solo, where I'm an average 15-1600 player, because they just created a 3v3 team for fun or to get platinum/diamond. On the new map, even if I played another 1500 games, I doubt I could repeat the beforementioned feat.   I get that you wanted to make it noob friendly, but I don't want another Dominion.   Sincerely, urf aka Wffles, an 1800 Elo 3v3 jungler.
1	It only seems to happen after a new patch. Each patch gets the item list sorted by price and that order gets locked for the patch. When a new patch comes along and another sort is introduced, it sees no difference between two objects at price 35g. You just need a second sort after the price sort on say alphabetical ascending.
1	Ali and Shen aren't as OP as people make them seem.   Same with Blitz. And Morg.   Even Malphite has his weaknesses.   Ez has a weak late game.   Eve is melee and easy to trade with / bully.   Rengar and Jayce balanced through numbers.   Zyra and Diana already nerfed.
0	Lenin was better than many leaders, not just Stalin. His intentions were pure, whereas many rulers simply want to rule. Yes, there is no denying that there's some serious blood on his hands, but to him it was necessary to preserve the new government. Am I saying his actions were right? Not at all. From my point of view, if one man has to die to achieve the end goal, a new way must be found. Still, he was an incredibly rational and intelligent man, and I would argue that what he was working for was a fine goal. In the end, I guess it was the very rationalism that made him so intelligent that ended up ruining him; he was so set on achieving what he thought was the intellectually correct thing to do that he simply ignored all of the emotional/ethical reasons to solve it in a different manner.
0	While people probably won't see this, I'm a student going to a university that is one of the best public universities in the nation (and by some standards, world), and I'm doing okay considering my situation. I come from a middle class family, am white, and am not accumulating that much debt. I'm going for engineering so I should be able to pay it off.  However, thanks to scholarships (and ONE grant), I am pretty much not paying any tuition. My issue is that neither FAFSA nor my university care about medical debt. My mom had a fuck ton of health issues (heart attacks [yes, plural], a stroke, appendicitis, MRSA, a hole in her heart, triple bypass surgery, and stints) and has since only been off-on employed. My dad makes a decent amount of money, but due to the expenses of feeding a family of 4 (not including yours truly over at university), those medical expenses, mortgage, etc, I can't get much money from him to help me pay for living expenses. Overall, yes, it's expensive, but even with extenuating circumstances that my university does not care about, I'm not doing that bad.
0	Folks, he's not been "fired" and he can't be. By definition, someone can only fire an employee. He's not an employee. He's one of thirty owners, sort of like being one member of a board made of thirty people, all of whom are equal in the upcoming voting process. They need 23 owners to vote to remove him, at which point he will be forced to sell the team but still come out way, way ahead of the money he put into it.   As always, it's about money. It's bad for business to have someone who is repeatedly getting hit with accusations of racism and lawsuits for racial discrimination. The other owners know this and they don't want to continue to be in business with this guy. They're almost certainly going to vote him out, which is good because we're finally at the point as a society where it is widely recognized that being an intolerant ass is not acceptable. If what he was doing was acceptable behavior, he might get suspended but he'd be right back there in a year or two. Many redditors might remember [Marge Schott]( previous owner of the Cincinnati Reds, who was much worse and was allowed to return not once but twice before she sold the team.
0	Pharmacy cashier kept up such a running commentary that she overcharged me, fucked up my refund, missed one item completely, and I had to wait 20 minutes PLUS turn around and drive back when I saw another mistake after I left.
0	That used to happen to me all the time as a kid. Growing up my dad had a black mustache and hair as well as olive skin, during the early 90's when Saddam Hussain was on the news all the time. Apparently I would look at my mom and say "Look mom! It's daddy!!"
0	God. All the redditors complaining about "improper" use of memes and whatnot. You're more annoying than any facebook simpleton could ever be. The worst part about it, is that it is most likely someone on your friends list who is the offender. I guess you keep 'em around so you have someone to belittle behind their backs, with all your superior redditor friends in your cool meme club.
1	I run flat damage reds, health per lvl yellows, mr per level blues, and flat damage quints. I start off with a Doran's Blade if I am duo lane, or a Vamp Sceptor if I am solo so I can build a wriggles from it. I then build a phage if I need more sustainability or a Brutalizer if I am doing good. I then just build the page into a Frozen Mallet and Brutalizer into a Yosumuu's. I build Atma's and then build whatever I need depending on the enemy team composition. I don't like building full glass cannon because you won't last more than 5 seconds in a team fight.
1	I don't understand how they are the better team if they got outpicked both games. Pick/bans is apart of overall team skill believe it or not, even Xpecial said in todays interview Dig is extremely good at doing their homework in pick/ban phase. The second game Curse underestimated zac passive and Lee's damage but it was QTpie's ezreal doing most of the work for the rest of the game. The third game zac didn't do much other than farm/split push and some alright engages.They got outpicked and outplayed on both occasions.
0	It's funny how different this thread is from the original one. They're complete polar opposites. It's amazing how people can read a negative comment about the picture and get the "Yeah fuck that rich white girl" mentality (like the original thread) but they read a comment saying something along the lines of "She didn't do anything wrong, she's just lucky to have that opportunity and the people commenting are just jealous" (this thread) and everyone comments almost exactly the same way. There's no diversity in either threads but each thread has a completely different view to the picture.
0	Actually, something very similar happened to my brother in law recently, but ended with a twist.  He works at the express service station of a Dodge dealership, recently the station had gotten hit with a bad review by 2 different customers, so the boss decided it was time to get rid of the less motivated employees (I suppose).  He called the entire staff of the station into his office and told all of them he was permanently shutting down the station, transferring the mechanics to work in other departments, and letting the techs go.  After saying this he turns to the 4 techs and informs them that they can take a demotion washing cars at lower pay, otherwise he cant keep them.  They all initially agree to stay and wash cars, and get started with their first assignment, wash all the cars on the lot.  Within one hour, the laziest employee returned and quit.  At the end of the second day the boss called everyone back into his office, informed them he was not actually closing the express stop, had them all return to their original jobs, he gave all 3 techs a raise and gave my brother in law the biggest raise because he was the only one who washed cars without complaining, "Just got out there and got work done".
1	I don't see him a lot, but the new Xin is pretty beastly as a jungle.  His kit is very similar to Lee Sin-- no escapes, but with better CC, which I think translates to better early game ganks, as well as a less punishing late game if he fails to snowball.   I also think Rammus and Warwick jungles have a lot more viability than people give them credit for.  I think Rammus has much stronger bot lane ganks than most junglers-- he can, to an extent, ignore wards and go in hot, and having a lot of CC is very good when you have two people to help deal the damage.  Warwick has some definite weaknesses, but on the other side of the coin he has  a lot  of flexibility in terms of his build path.  He doesn't need farm-- his ult is always useful, his W is a pretty big team AS steroid, and his Q scales based on the target's health.  He needs to buy something early to improve his clear time, but otherwise can build virtually anything, from full support to heavy ganker, and that range translates to strength in the hands of a smart player.
0	Unicorns are a fairytale version of a middle eastern deer during the earliest recorded civilizations. It's antlers were bound and grew almost as one from the center of the head, giving it a unicorn appearance. This was seen as a horse like creature to the Europeans and they believed it to be magical or some shit.
1	Try to always prioritize losing lanes over afk farming.   I agree with this part of your statement, but that's about it.   As a laner, if your behind, you can still just play passive. Like if your playing a very early game champ like LB then fine, you need help, but if your playing vayne, or karthus, just stay passive and wait for the late game.   A jungler getting a kill on another lane, snowballing them the same way the enemy in your lane is snowballed, that's just as important as your lane.   The REAL problem is most laners don't know how to play passive. They don't ward more, they don't play less agressive, they just play their same game.   If I snowball a different lane, and you, the lane who got beat early, passively farms better then the lane I destroyed, we win.   Lets say they have a nasus on their team, so you got ganked and died bot lane, I could care less until I shut down this nasus hard enough that he can't come back into the game.   And counter jungling comes into this too. If they have a heavy carry jungler, shutting him down is making him gank you less, or costing him more to gank you.
0	The way I see /u/balloothecat saying this is if the guy isn't creepy and she's single she's giving him a chance. She doesn't know the guy. He could be a really awesome guy, who she has a lot in common with and it could lead to future dates.   The way I see it, its better than getting rejected because you aren't a perfect 10 (I know I'm not ugly, but I'm not a 10). When find a girl I like, a lot of it is personality. Don't get me wrong, looks always play a factor. Anyone who disagrees is lying. I don't know a single person that would date someone that found someone absolutely repulsive. The girl I currently like, yes she was cute and I noticed that, but when I first met her, she was going out of her way to help others, that was my first impression of her, that's what I find most attractive, and that's the impression that lasted with me.
0	This is called "rubber ducking" in programming circles - if you can't explain the purpose of your code to a little rubber duck on your desk, then you need to rewrite it.
0	Sure thing!   Basically, it's just thinking about returns. Tom does a job that is only worth $1 per hour but his boss is being forced to pay him $2 an hour due to minimum wage laws (assuming minimum wage is $2 in this case). This leaves his employer with a choice, give Tom extra duties that he might not be suited for, or raise prices.   If he pursues option A, then he runs a risk of Tom messing something up, causing costly repairs or relations problems. Granted, he could train him, but that would cost money as well and he doesn't know yet if Tom has that kind of potential. Most employers will find this level of risk unacceptable and will pass.   Option B, then, is the easiest to implement and while it does increase for the employer's consumers, there won't usually be a large loss of revenue as people tend to accept small increases in prices (bad economy and whatnot). This is a problem for Tom too if he uses the product he's helping to produce. The extra money he should be making now goes into paying for the increased prices of the product he needs.   In either case, the problem is even worse when you take multiple people into account, not just Tom. If an employer wants to implement option A, he has to take a chance on his entire minimum-wage work force. If just Tom was a problem, how big will multiple people be? If we assume most people don't want to take a risk if they don't have to, then they'll be forced to raise prices. With these people in different industries, then prices go up in every field across board. Then all the Toms of the world lose all that extra money they should be making.   It tends to be an exercise in futility which is why people keep wanting to change the minimum wage, but unfortunately we just see prices continuously rising.   I don't like to present problems without solutions though. Mine would be to get rid of minimum wage. While this sounds extreme, please hear it out. Employers could hire whomever they want, at a fair market price meaning that literally anyone could get a job. If you get a job, you've got a chance to prove and improve yourself. This allows you to gain leverage for a better job! But CosmosFood, what about douchebag employers that refuse to pay fair market value? Screw em. Take action and get people educated. Social change is ALWAYS a stronger force than law.
0	I do not know why my friends don't understand this, they always just run up and squat down and start petting... STOP THAT, check and see if the don't might be unfriendly or if the dog's owner just doesn't want you to do that... not your dog, not your decision to make...
1	while that might be true, you cant tell me that patch-after-release-patch lee sin was balanced. you cant tell me that tf was balanced, you cant tell me alistar was balanced, you cant tell me garen was balanced (he went from SUPER op to overnerfed back to op, back to underpowered and we will see how he is now. he has been changed a lot) lord knows irelia took 9001 patches to balance. morde was extremely broken for a LONG time, pantheon went through a garenesque super op, to up to op to a now pretty decent spot. tell me the nerfed kayle was usable? how about gangplank after dreamhack being fair?   point is the game was not balanced in both ways. the seperation is now WAY better, and i personally feel like only new eve is truly not viable (she doesnt scale well enough. she has the same problem old xin had, and YES i have had like 20-1-5 games with her, that is not relevant and is topic for another discussion) the reason is because the super strong champs got brought down and the super weak champs got brought up. yes people got smarter, but if you go back and just look at what some of these champs used to do, it just reminds you of how stupid they used to be. alistar could tank your entire team for 6 seconds without any chance of even coming close to death at just level 6 (not to mention freewinstar in the midlane). shaco could get level 3 with both buffs by 2:10 (fuck shaco). certain things though are people just changing. ashe went from being #1 to not really played much just because of a nerf to a cd? no, people learned that ashe loses early and that even late game, she has very prevalent weaknesses that people can exploit.
0	I'm glad someone stopped to help you! At the beginning of December we had particularly cold weather which lead to a lot of ice being on the road. I live in an area where this isn't typical, but happens a few days out of the year (maybe). I was getting on a major bridge and a truck two cars back slipped on black ice causing him to spin around, hit the median, and end up facing into traffic. I was the ONLY car that stopped even though it happened behind me and there were 4 or 5 other cars in the group. I pulled over 1/4 mile up and just sprinted back to his car to see if he was ok. I still cannot comprehend how no one else stopped to help after it happened!   Because the way the car ended up after stopping, it couldn't be moved and the driver was facing into oncoming traffic in such a manner that if another car didn't notice the crash and hit him, the driver would have died. I was worried that a driver in shock might not safely exit the vehicle so I felt someone really needed to check on him ASAP. The driver started to try to make the car reverse, but it wasn't going anywhere. I didn't think he could see me yet (and I wasn't about to get too close to a vehicle with a driver in shock still trying to operate it) so I stood in the middle of the 3 lane bridge yelling at him to turn off his vehicle so that I can approach. Sadly, I had lost my voice from a cold so it was hard for me to get out enough noise to get his attention. While I was doing this, I was running back and forth between the middle of the 3 lane bridge and the other side of the road because cars wouldn't even slow down for me. No other car stopped to help me while I was standing in the middle of the road, nothing.   I was finally able to get his attention and he stopped trying to reverse the car, then I approached him and asked him if he felt injured and whether he thought he could move to the other side of the road. He really was positioned such that he was in serious danger staying in the car and was in too much shock to understand that. Right as I started dialing 911 and we were crossing the road, a Sheriff happened to be driving by and stopped. The guy was so shaken he couldn't find his cellphone so I let him use mine, gave my information to the officer and went on my way to the gym. I lost maybe 20 minutes out of my day, but I know it meant the world to that guy that someone was there to help him. As each car passed by me all I could think was, "Where the fuck do you have to be that is so important you can't be bothered to check on another human being?"   Oh and disclaimer before someone tries to tell me I'm stupid for not immediately calling 911: I know, I get it. I truly believe the driver was in danger because his lights were barely visible and it was still dark out. If another car saw that crash last minute and hit the vehicle, that driver would have been dead. I carefully weighed the risk and at the end of the day, for me, it was more important to get the other driver out of danger than to just sit back and wait for the police. During the whole ordeal I was VERY cautious and smart about my actions (as much as is possible when playing human Frogger).   Edit:
1	Negative comments begin to affect you mentally after a while. When the first few people flame you because you're diamond you can just mute them. But do you really think that you can just brush off something like that after it happens multiple hundred times?   I had a stretch of about two weeks where I got flamed nearly every single game, and I played about 10 games a day. It made me stop playing league all together for a while. So when I started playing again I turned all chat off by default.   But telling somebody to "grow up" is the wrong attitude, it's not the person who's being insulted that's at fault, it's the person doing the insulting.
0	This happened to me a few weeks ago. The teacher used a computer grading system, said I had 44%. I worried about this grade for the next week, being the nice teacher he is he would let me retake it. He was going to circle the questions I got wrong and let me study them, then retake the test. As he circled the questions, he got confused and looks through the test again. He only circled a few questions. He scans the test through again and it turns out I got 88%, double of what it previously said. It was also way above the class average. Made my day.
1	I know I'm a total fanboy but Snoopeh is the streamer that makes me enjoy the game the most.   Wickd and Snoopeh are both great players and even if Wickd has problems with the AP-aspect of the game watching them play together is awesome.   I would actually recommend everyone to focus their time on the junglers that stream. Especially when they duo queue. I always try to find saint, oddone or snoopeh when they stream. You learn so much more from a duo where one is the jungler. Timers on buffs, watching wickd settign up top for snoopeh to gank.
0	As a 5'1" girl dating a 6'2" guy, I can say there does seem to be some sort of attraction between tall guys and short girls. With the exception of one guy, (who was 5'5") all the guys I've dated have been at least a foot taller than me. It's not on purpose from my end, but the guys have told me they have a thing for short women.
0	My stepdad's name is Craig. His mother came over from Scotland as a young girl, never lost her accent, managed to pass it on to the kids (usually only comes out when they're angry or drunk or actually trying). My family is all from the US for multiple generations, so we pronounce Craig in the American way (rhymes with "Greg.") After about 12 years together and 8 years of marriage, my mom  finally  decided to start trying to pronounce his name correctly.
1	I am not familiar if /u/RiotMagus are responsible for the twitch stream but can you please add in filler segments for every bo5 match that is played so that we dont get spoiled by the remaining streamtime of the twitch stream?   What I mean is if a team leads 2-0 in a bo5 and the stream ends in 50 minutes then I know it will be a 3-0. Just prolong the twitch stream for each missing bo5 game by around 1 hour and show us some great replays/interviews/ads or a countdown until the next stream starts. Literally showing anything works but  please dont stop the stream directly after the last game if it was not 5 games played .   I dont watch them live because then I miss things when I make a pause for bathroom/cigarette/eating etc. I also cannot watch a good play 2 or 3 times in a row without missing anything. That is why I dont like watching it live.   I wanna watch the games quasi live on twitch.   By that I mean I turn in 30 minutes later into the twitch vods and can pause at any point. And when I have to make a longer break I can watch from the same point in time when I come back.   Youtube has the same where I can pause the live stream but this live stream gets deleted once it is finished (or shortly after) and I cannot continue to watch the stream after it is deleted obviously.   The lolesport vods are not on the fly like watching the stream with 30-1h delay most of the time so it is not a solution either.
1	If you are like me and have multiple League accounts. Make sure to sign out of your other account. The first time you change your password, it keeps you logged into that account. So when you go to change your 2nd account password, it has you trying to change your first account password.
0	First of all, personal finances are fungible. The bear minimum cost of raising a child is often far more than the amount required by child support (It is estimated that the cost of raising a single child into adulthood is 1 million dollars.). For a father to say that any money the mom spends on herself was 'his' money is entirely unfalsifiable unless the mother has no income at all. You could just as easily say that she used his money to raise the children and her money to put herself through college.   To illustrate this, let's take an example where the father marks his bills with a blue marker and the mother marks her bills with a pink one. So long as the cost of the mother's education and meals is within the cost of her income she can purchase it with all pink bills and do all child spending with the father's blue bills. Now, suppose we have the same scenario, except we mix up the spending of the blue bills and the pink bills and keep a record of where each is spent. All of a sudden, the father can claim, but she's spending my child support money for the attainment of her assets. While, in this circumstance, what the father says is true, we could still easily arrange the former circumstance(where she only used pink bills on herself) or even the inverse of the former circumstance (in which she spent only the blue marked bills, his money, on herself). At the end of the day, so long as the spending categories don't exceed the limits of their budgets (the number of bills marked the color indicating where they can be spent) within a spending period, you can always rearrange the bill spending so that she spent only her income on herself or only his income on herself while still achieving the exact same effect of material wealth and standard of living. Thus, a person from outside, who didn't have the ledger of which bills were spent where would see either version of the family with the lifestyle and be unable to determine which was which.   Finally, a father could counterfactually argue that were it not for his child support, she could not afford to go to college. Of course, this is likely true, but then, the mother could counterfactually argue, were it not for the cost of rearing their children, she could afford to go to college. Since it is true that in the case where the father would not have to pay child support (the case where they did not make a baby together) the mother could afford to go to college and that in the case where the father would have to pay child support (the case where they did make a baby together) the mother could afford to go to college, the mother's going to college is not contingent upon whether or not the father must pay child support, considering that, were he not having to pay, she would not have children and still be able to go.   Coupling this with the fungibility of money above, the father doesn't have a leg to stand on, unless the mother is spending beyond the means of her own personal income and dipping into the father's blue bills.
1	I have zero confidence that you actually in the games industry. You are a new account and a lot of what you're saying is very lofty and not grounded in any actual steps that Riot could take. They aren't going to whip a new client out of their ass, or add a bunch of useless games modes, they should be focusing on making the core experience of Summoner's Rift as good as it can be without trying to design a bunch of trivial "challenges" and whatnot. Yes, some features like drop-in drop-out custom games would be cool, but ultimately, as a consumer,  I don't care.  I want Summoner's Rift to be good, not a bunch of add-ons with an okay core game.   If you work in the games industry, you know all about feature creep. So why did you list all of these "niceties" that don't help much with the overall game experience? Your entire post would give aneurysms to any developer who has even heard of the word feature creep.   Also, they do have separate departments for eSports and game development. Its not just one big massive dev team that does one and only one thing.   Lastly, not everyone has to love playing LoL and watching things like LCS. Being just a spectator is fine, its worked damn well for NFL/NBA/MLB/etc. You have casual players, and you have the pros. Riot is steadily growing, they've landed the Coca Cola sponsorship, and have made their presence known as a business and as an esport. At the same time, other people just want to play the game. That is great too. You don't see those people here because they don't give two shits about the community, they just want to have fun and get better at a game they like. Riot has given plenty to keep people engaged. Worldwide professional and amateur competitions, celebrities that interact with the community, and of course the game itself. There is an abundance of things to engage people, their platform should stay consolidated and not get caught up in the trifling matters.
1	I've only managed it in one game so far, but only one Vision Ward was ever really in danger while the rest lasted for the entire game. With five members on our team (blue side), we were able to keep bottom tribush, blue buff bush (near the intersection), red buff bush (behind the camp), and both little bushes near the mid side bushes warded for pretty much the entire game.   For the tribush and buff bushes, it acted more of as an "oh crap, they know I'm here" gank/invade repellent. Although they could take the time to clear it and/or go along and gank/counterjungle, it was enough to scare them away from staying too long.   For the little lonely bushes above and below the mid bushes, it's really odd that no one ever seems to walk in them, because it's not like teammates are always close enough to contest the ward. Although not optimal ward spots, the wards' vision is very often crossed when the enemy starts to move towards Baron/dragon, walks around to gank our mid, or heads into your jungle to steal camps.
1	It is intended. It's like saying Morgana/Kat shouldn't be able to ult just because they have no vision of the target. If it's an AOE ability then it'll deal damage to an area. It's like saying Rammus' ult shouldn't deal damage with no vision. Or that Zac ult shouldn't knockup if you have no vision. Hell, it's like saying Sion's shield shouldn't deal damage on explosion if they're in a brush. All intended behavior.
0	I had a similar experience in school, we had a paper for GCSE History (I think I was 14-15 years old) about the Cuban missile crisis. Our teacher informed us she wanted to look at our first drafts and then she would tell us how to improve them. I handed mine in and was handed it back with lots of red ink saying more evidence and I needed include a lot of how people were feeling and the tensions back then. As a result I spent a weekend with my grandmother adding to the essay. My Grandfather was something with home guard and supposedly had to go to a bunker in the valleys if it all kicked off as a radiation tech. Naturally Gran kept a close watch on everything during the crisis. I handed in the essay and a week later got called up to my history teachers classroom to be balled out in front of other a class about where I plagiarised this essay from as it was university level and she hadnt told us any of this material. In the end I my mother and gran came up the school and had kicked off, the teacher never showed up to the meeting.
1	How is this not like xbox live. As far as I've seen really on xbox, this is worse. At least on xbox if you talk shit on your mic, you get made fun of by the real good guys who don't talk but just play. So you just referred LoL, a game with a horrible child community, to xbox live where i've met some fucking cool ass dudes who I play MLG with now. Please explain, cause maybe you were playing some little kids game like halo, going around with your 100% accuracy sniper rifle no scoped. or maybe you ran around with your shottie ownin newbs. Please if you compare, compare to something that actually fucking demeans or makes sense in your sentence.
1	Sorry, but I've got to disagree. There is a point when it's probably best to surrender, sure (being down 20 kills, outlevelled so far you can't defend at a turret as you mentioned, etc.), but honestly, "don't waste time and surrender" is terrible advice just because  one  person has over-fed / lost their lane / wants to rage or 20min surrender.   I've won more 4v5s than I've lost when that ragequitting feeder AFKs; Suddenly there's no more free XP/Gold pinata running around the map. Not to mention, even when things seem unwinnable, often times I've found it's just poor engage on our team / no focus- correcting it & trying again often fixes that (assuming you're not crazy-far behind).
0	This sounds like my company.  They sent out a survey asking why the employees thought all of our top engineers were leaving for other jobs.  This survey was anonymous, and the overwhelming majority of the responses were because we have shit upper management who were 10 years behind the times and had to vision.  The next survey we got dealt with an assessment of our managers.  This time it had a place to put your name.  This was on a Wednesday.  On Thursday, two mid-level managers were fired for what we later found out were extremely harsh, honest responses about upper managements lack of direction and vision.  No one fills out surveys anymore after that.
0	Not really.. personally I would wait until after dinner to bring it up as well, no need to potentially make a scene. It would probably be hard to hide my emotions though qnd my SO would feel the awkwardness just as OP did.
1	If you are a high ranking challenger player with pro offers and have very little else going for you in life fucking go for it.     Most people aren't little pussies and can handle criticism on the internet or the internet would not exist.     Dude fucking chill. The insane amount of editing and over dramatization in everyone of your videos is obnoxious.     Its a once in a lifetime opportunity. You can go back to school (trust me its what I'm doing). The potential connections and enjoyment you could possibly get from being an LCS player is totally worth it.     Fucking going for it. Don't listen to this dude. Obviously don't throw away your life, but if you are a high ranking challenger player who isn't in the middle of a life changing transition, this could be your break.
0	Some people can't find the way to operate some modern WCs. I was at Disneyland a couple of months ago and I had to go bad. There was a decent line for the stalls and one guy took the longest, when he finally came out it was my turn and he stood in front of the soor and looked at me with a deep shame. He wanted to warn me but he didn't speak english, I guess. I didn't have the time to listen to him anyway so I open the door and there it is: one of the longest turds I've ever seen. I realized he had spent the last 10+ minutes trying to find a way to operate the toilett because the sensor wasn't really working. I pushed the button and it worked perfectly. Since then, I have noticed that unflushed toilets are, more often than not, those with a flushing mechanism that isn't exactly like the one people have at home.
1	Who you choose to play shpuld be more who you like to play. But a higher kda may show that you are better with some champs. But some champs naturally gets higher kda than others. E.g . leblanc and akali who are single target assasin type champs focus on killing one target and with these you can do really good but get relatively low kda as oppose to supports like soraka who can heal a her teammates and get a lot of assist.
1	To be honest this is why lulu needs to nerfed however, she is simply too safe, lulu is a champion that is low risk high reward, her utility is too high because she can go in with her damage and be completely safe, she is essentially the perfect mage in comparison to traditional mage picks like brand, and ziggs and while she isn't op damage wise shes simply too safe for the return you get.
0	I'm not saying it isn't an issue, I'm saying it isn't the issue he's making it out to be, and that the SOURCE of his issue probably stems from his poor attitude more than his short stature.   Yes being short is tough. Yes being lonely is tough. I'm more than willing to console someone who is having a hard time of it. However, if your reaction is to bully women because you feel targeted...then I don't have as much compassion.
1	You should have think before you started to flame.
1	Rek'sai wasn't build pure tank... where you got that from I have no idea. I guess the 70%+ win rate of Sion in LCK with the full tank build means it is bad. Sion benefits from building tank anyways like Mundo.   Lets look at T8's lost to CLG when they got Rek'sai.   Bans:   CLG    T8   Irelia     Rumble   Pantheon     Sivir   Kassadin     Rengar   CLG first picks Lissandra, good flex pick that is usually banned. Also is used in multiple comps.   T8 picks Rek'sai and Corki, Good picks on there own but they left up the #1 contested top laner Gnar, and the #2 jungler J4 which combo together they already make an amazing team fighting combo.   CLG picks the Gnar J4 combo.   T8 responds Sion Lulu again good overall picks but nothing special   ClG picks Trist Janna which gives them some late game insurance and again better teamfighting.   T8 final picks Annie.   So Clg top, jungle, mid, bot:   Gnar, J4, Lissandra, Tristana, Janna   T8's:   Sion, Rek'sai, Lulu, Corki, Annie   So there is literally no problems with CLG's comp even if they get behind in the laneing phase as they have pretty decent waveclear with Lissandra and Tristana. Also they have a really strong teamfight wombo combo.   T8's comp First off what is it suppose to do. From glace it looks like a teamfighting comp with lots of CC from Sion, Rek'sai, lulu, and Annie but overall they are actually very low damage, mainly as the game goes on, Corki and Lulu and Rek'sai's damage falls off as the game goes on into the later stage of the game so they had a time limit. Secondly they with the comp they had they had to engage but the problem is when engage, CLG had Janna to reset it and then counter engage with their wombo combo.
0	In Sheppard v. Maxwell, 384 U.S. 333 (1966), the Supreme Court ruled that the right to a public trial is not absolute   You're mis-citing this case, really really badly.   The case states that the  public's  right to know what's going on inside a trial is not absolute.  It does  not  say that a defendant doesn't have a right to a public (as opposed to secret) trial.   In the case you sought, there was  too much  publicity, and the defendant wanted there to be  less  publicity, since the mob mentality basically took over the entire town, including the jury.  So it was ruled that it didn't have a fair trial because of  too much  publicity.  The press and public didn't have an absolute right to a "public" trial.   This has nothing to do with a defendant whose trial the government is trying to make secret -- secret to him, secret to the public, secret to  everyone .
1	2 of my friends bought good champions and because after a day or 2,they still couldnt figure out how to play them they just refunded the champ. Personally,i wanna own every champ,learn them all and be versatile.I have had annie for over a year now but i only played 2 games with her.But i never regretted getting her and i sure as hell wont be letting her go. Usually its about buying who you like,but sometimes when i had IP that i had nothing to do with,i would just buy the 1350 champs from the start. Or the 450 champs. And before you know it,you have close to half the champions in the game
0	Files in torrents aren't stored in servers, instead they are sent from one person's computer to another person's computer. Which requires seeding, which is sending the file you downloaded from another person to even more people so that they too could get it, that's what ensures that everyone who want it get it and that the files remain available to download. And even if someone is already seeding but has a low upload speed(or there are simply a lot of people downloading) then extra seeders will allow people to download faster, whereas once servers(direct links) reach their upload speed limit then there's no way for the people downloading to get the files faster. Not to mention if instead of using a server to share files as direct downloads, the server seeds a torrent that contains these files then the downloads won't depend on either the server nor the seeders alone, if there's at least one then the file can be downloaded.
0	Alright, so get this. When I was doing the Thailand backpacking thing back in my early twenties, I met a couple that seemed really different than most that were out travelling. They were in their mid-late 30's, obviously intelligent with successful and well established careers back home, but they dressed like they'd been out a while and fawned over each other with the young freshly discovered puppy love of two high schoolers. Plus he was German and she was Canadian, it was all a bit odd. After a couple days travelling with them, I finally got around to asking how they got together.   Turns out they'd first met almost 15 years earlier while backpacking through Asia in their 20's. They had a brief and passionate travel fling full of romance and adventure, but eventually went their separate ways to their lives in the real world. Normality ensued, they moved on and lost touch, but neither person forgot the other...   ...until years later, when they both happened to return to Thailand. He was now divorced and on an extended bachelor party with some friends, she was on vacation with her husband and young child. They randomly bumped into each other at the same resort, and it all came rushing back.   I met them roughly 6 months after that random meeting. She sent her husband and child home (in tears, I'm guessing), he took an extended leave of absence from the law firm he co-founded, and they'd been travelling together ever since. I've honestly never seen two people more in love, and they said that while being together again required tearing apart massive parts of their lives back home, neither regretted it. What they had now far overshadowed their lives, and it would be worth it in the end. It was finally their chance to be truly happy.   But when I asked what came next, they didn't seem to know. Their trip had to end soon, but it wasn't clear whether home was to be in Germany or Canada. He had a business, she had a child (and divorce papers to sign), it was going to be complicated. Eventually, she just shrugged and said "dunno, we'll figure it out. It'll be great!"   I have no idea what happened to those two, but as lovely a story as it seemed at first, my guess is it didn't end well...
1	I'm clamoring for the old ELO system, and I clearly remember it. I had an incredibly fun time hovering between Silver-Gold while trying to stabilize on the Gold side. It's some of the most extended fun I've had for ages.   You still gain/lose lp based off your mmr, your teams mmr, the enemy team, you division. This is fine.   BUT  the fact that I can't see my personal MMR is a complete joke to me. "Haha I'm plat II, you're only plat III!" "Yeah but I decayed a bit and when I queue up I get matched with Diamonds anyway.." is just such a meaningless idea.   Your position on the one big ladder meant so much more than the tiny steps of the division jokes ever will, they don't even get used. At least you would know your exact position on the ladder, which is what it's for. You didn't have to be top 1000 to care, you could set personal goals for yourself.   A goal of reaching Plat II from Plat III is meaningless, you could either get it from winning two games in a row, or also losing one. Obviously if you lose one you did "worse", but you get the same with with less mmr. That just means you can't trust any goal you set for yourself, because you can't see whether or not you've reached it.
1	For clarity, since it seems some people don't know quite how the ribbons work, the blue ribbon is helpful, the green ribbon is teamwork, and yellow ribbon is an indicator that you have BOTH teamwork and helpful. There is no friendly ribbon. The blue ribbon shows up less frequently than green or yellow due to the teamwork honor being used as a default and generic honor by most players. This means that a good honor worthy player is much more likely to get the green ribbon before the blue ribbon.
1	I guess as a support item it would have problems as Ohmwrecker has right now. It would be useful early game but the cost of the item would be so high that supports won't be able to get it until mid-late game.   For example if you are sona late game and you use this item on your adc which is under heavy attack of enemy assassin, that one second of damage will be enough to kill you, so basically this item in the late game would be deciding who will die. You or your adc.   But I can see this as a summoner spell which will be used in early game in an example which is written in your post.
1	I agree 100% with this guy and anyone who came here to post anything negative about you, your play-style, or the way you put forth your point of view is about as mature as an eleven year old. This is a huge problem in all the game types; it seems that either people get discouraged because they have a bad start or they rage at their teammates for having a bad start. There is a reason for the surrender times, and it is that a game is almost never won or lost outright before then. You never know what will happen in another 5-10 minutes of LoL. So like I say to all the "GG I give up"ers chin up, chillout and play the game the best you know how and see what happens by surrender time, and do not rage at people who do not want to surrender on the first vote.
1	If she is forced to do that you have won the lane just zone her and your ADC gets free farm. Plus her spears are easy to dodge when you see them coming so you will eat a few max and Leona is tanky enough to just sit through 2-3 spears.   Edit: you can also just cc lock the carry and be done with it.
0	Being addicted is one thing, playing to escape for a few hours for enjoyment is another. What's the difference between playing video games for 3 hours a night and coming home from work, earning the money to pay for your mortgage, food and other bills and watching a movie? Is that wasting your life too? Do people who build model airplanes for fun waste their lives? Or garden? Fuck that noise. I grew up not being able to afford all the game systems my friends have, I worked hard and have a great job, a great wife and a great condo. I'm making up for lost time now that I can afford to go out and buy any game I want on launch.
1	I promise you that you get just as many free wins from somebody on the enemy team dcing/afking, you simply don't notice it due to confirmation bias. The chances of somebody dcing/afking on their team is actually higher than the chances of somebody on yours dcing/afking (assuming you have a good connection and never afk), so over time it'll actually balance out in your favour. Grit your teeth and play better, I guarantee you that you make at least two dozen mistakes a game or more so what right do you have to bitch and moan about your team? All I ever hear in bronze/silver brackets is ppl complaining that they have garbage luck and that their teams are shit, well dude I'll tell you right now that I play like absolute trash and yet on my bronze smurf I am 20-3 right now. 5 of those wins were 4v5s or 3v5s, and in all 3 of those losses I was like 15/2... but in all 3 of those games I cost us the victory because I made way too many mistakes and if you are the dude who is carrying... making mistakes WILL and DOES lose you the game.
0	If I don't have the money in my account and for some reason I don't realize it, you're goddamn right it will be cancelled. I turned off overdraft protection because I'm on top of my meager finances. I grew up dirt poor, in fact my entire extended family did. I watched adults struggle to keep their checkbooks balanced or too afraid to deal with their banks once overdraft charges were created. People just 5-10 years older than me trying to start families but unable to make a simple budget. So they would spend their money on TVs or things of that sort, then have those fees at the end of the month when the baby needed diapers or milk or whatever the reason. When I started working, I saved every receipt from every transaction and did the math on a whiteboard in my room. Three times a week I would go to the bank's ATM and look at my balance. If there was a discrepancy, I went into the bank and got it figured out. Perhaps twice I had any sort of errors, and they were because I forgot I took money directly from the ATM. Never have had an overdraft fee to this day. Banks don't do favors for anyone but themselves and their investors. Don't kid yourself.
1	As someone who was at Seoul for the finals I would say this decision makes sense. The outside venue at Sangnam killed the atmosphere. The lighting got drowned out by sunlight and and all the sound and energy just dissipated through the open roof. A small indoor arena helps keep the energy up and allows Riot to create a really epic atmosphere.   About the size of the other venues this just has to do with availability for a multi day event with added days for setup and removal. If you have ever tried to book a venue for 4+ days you know what nightmare this is. Especially when you consider that these places need to be technologically and electronically equipped to handle what Riot wants to do.
0	There are many ways to use landmines. One way is to provide static defense for long period of time. Like in the border between the Koreas. How ever in the way this works, maps are relatively useless since land moves quite a lot over time.   There is another way to use landmines too. If you rely on highly skilled and highly mobile units that are supposed to take over and hold strategically important locations that slow the enemy advancement, mines are vital tool for this tactic. Since most likely your unit will be heavily outnumbered you need to restrict the enemy movement temporally. For example you would want to block any backdoors and flanks. In this strategy the point is to even the odds by restricting the enemy movement. The mines are now used as temporary defense to help your side to organize "general defensive movement" (still no idea how this military jargon is used in English). The maps play important part in this strategy since you want to help warn your own units from walking into them and once you have established a general defense you want to withdraw from the location with your mines so that you can use them again when needed.   Finland "recently" signed the Ottawa treaty since we didn't want to be included in the group of nations (US,Iran, North Korea etc.) that refused to sign the agreement. In essence this was purely a political decision not militaristic. This has droven our defense forces into a strategic crisis. We share a massive border with Russia and we need time to establish our "general defense" by arming our conscripts. The plan was the later one i described earlier. Now that the landmines are banned we had to resort to artillery propelled cluster bombs that don't detonate when hit ground but detonate when touched (or something like that, I'm not quite sure how these things work). Obviously we can't shoot artillery shots near our own units so the plan does not anymore work. Also there is no way to know anymore where the "mines" or bombs land and if they have detonated or not. So in essence we have switched a surgical weapon to a "spray and hope" type of weaponry. And there are no guarantees that these bombs are not forgotten into the forrests to haunt the animals and unlucky wanderers.
1	Well the thing is I'm not sure that it accomplished it's goal. The best use case for the item currently is to start with health, then ideally buy it on your first death, assuming you managed to live for 8 minutes or got some kills/assists in there. However, if your entire team is melee you're still going to get poked out and the poke comp will take your towers before 10 minutes. They will have first blood and kill exp on you, so they will get their ults first. The only option you have to defend your turrets is to hard engage if you have no ranged waveclear, and it has to be before you get poked down. All they did by adding Orb of Winter was make melee teams that can last for 15+ minutes against a poke/siege team have an advantage, but it requires you to get to that point first. If they have already taken your inhibitor by then, then you have to fight them AND superminions at the same time. Rushing Orb of Winter doesn't make you immune to burst, but when coupled with other hp/mr items it's extremely strong.
0	Ok I'm  reeeeaaallly  scared to post this as I selfishly don't want to create a run on the product - but I finally found THE GREATEST AND MOST EFFECTIVE deodorant ever created. And it's so natural you could eat it.   I recently reviewed it on Amazon. It's called  Funk Butter   *Long review folks - but worth your time to read and get the most out of this INCREDIBLE product.   I'm a food and health coach among other things, and am always looking for great products for myself, and my clients. Personally, my underarms have been a nuisance my entire life. Before I understood about using natural products - I went as far as using highly toxic prescription deodorants/antiperspirants - and even then the sweat and odor would just burst through. I realized I may as well learn to live with it.   So, I stopped using antiperspirants and just focused on deodorants. Years later I learned about natural deodorants and went down that road. I had been using potassium alum salt crystals and sprays thinking they were the most natural. They seemed to work at least as well as all other natural deodorants I had tried - which was painfully average at best.  I always had a slight odor and by end of day my shirts always smelled. Sucked - but just wasn't going to use chemicals.   Then despite the potassium alum crystal companies claiming the aluminum molecules are "too big" to enter the bloodstream through the pores - something in me just didn't believe it. So I went on the hunt again. Tried many many new ones and they were all terrible - never lasting more than a few hours, leaving waxy residues on my clothes, and leaving me with my hands in the air.   Then - it all changed. Enter FUNK BUTTER.  At first, it's strange. And it asks you apply it with your fingers instead of an easy spray or deodorant stick. Since I'm always thinking 'would my friends and clients like this?,' I figured this step would be too much for most folks and was skeptical at best. Me? I'm always down to try new things - so I gave it a shot, as did my roommate and fellow food coaching partner in the business.   It sort of has the texture of a dry-ish paste. You use just a half a pea's worth of product - scoop out with your fingertips and spread evenly under your arm. It has mildly abrasive ingredients like baking soda - and I had read some folks experienced mild irritation - so I spread on lightly and with caution - as did my biz partner.   During that day, we marveled how neither of us smelled at all. We are so used to normal deodorants (natural or chemical) wearing off after a few hours - and it dawned on us that we could smell nary a scent (we both started off using the unscented Funk Butter - but have since used both the black cedar fig and coco-mango ones as well and all are equally excellent). Hours and hours more went by - and we not only kept smelling our own underarms - we kept making each other smell the other's pits to see if we were crazy - or if there actually was NO SMELL at all! And there wasn't!! We're very active folks - and after a 14 hour work day - plus another 6 hours up - our underarms had absolutely NO ODOR at all. I have NEVER experienced that in my life with ANY product natural or chemical.   The next two days same thing. We were ready to call all of our clients and friends and let them know about this fantastic product! But then - we both got rashes under our arms. (Keep reading folks this problem is eventually solved big time!) And since the product is mildly abrasive - rubbing more on only irritated it worse. We were SO BUMMED.  We both were so amazed at how well it worked we were willing to keep using it and powering through the rash - but we figured we'd now not be able to recommend to anyone else. We'll personally take a rash to not smell all day - and we are hell-bent on using 100% natural products - but we knew most would never go for that.   We read some reviews where folks recommended using a mild coat of coconut oil under the arms before using Funk Butter to help ease irritation - and this worked! But only temporarily and we noticed the rash would come and go - and if you were ever in a hurry and didn't use the coconut oil - back came the rash.   We were so impressed with this product, we were willing to do anything to try and solve this problem. And then, we figured it out! By simply adding a few drops of water from your sink to the paste  on your fingertips and rubbing it together to make the paste very thin and watery (but not dripping), it not only spreads on soooo much better and easier - it completely eliminates all irritation!!! We were concerned perhaps this would lessen the effectiveness of the product but not at all! Still lasts all day and night. Seriously! ALL DAY AND NIGHT.   Now, back to my sweating issue. As I said, not even the strongest prescription deodorants could help me. I once filmed a game show and in the middle of taping they had to stop shooting, and asked two assistants to take a blow dryer to my armpits in front of a live studio audience of 300 people. Oh yeah - that happened.   Because Funk Butter has ingredients that absorb and seemingly wick moisture - my sweating has been reduced by at least 50-75%!!! Whaaaat? They don't even advertise it as an antiperspirant!  I can't say it stops it 100%, but honestly has there ever been a deodorant or antiperspirant that does? They may advertise as such - but we all know it's BS. And many times, I've seen Funk Butter stop my sweating altogether. I think the more I use it the better it works.   And even on days where I'm exercising or sweating buckets - after I have completely drenched a shirt - there is still NO SMELL AT ALL!!! It's an absolute miracle I simply can't believe it.   Also leaves NO STAINS on my clothes -- which has always been an issue with all other deodorants.   For days my biz partner and I would ask folks to smell our pits (weird I know - but this is what we go through before ever recommending a product to a friend or client) - and every time the answer was a resounding NO.   We've now been using for months, and have been recommending Funk Butter to everyone. Here's what an ex-girlfriend I recommended it to just texted me: "I just got that Funk Butter! S*** that stuff is aaahhhhmmmaaaazzzziiiinnngggg!!!" (I copied that text letter for letter by the way :-)   And seriously folks? It is just that. Amazing. Quite simply the best and most effective deodorant I've ever used in my entire life, natural or chemical. And everyone we recommend it to says the same thing.   But they all have a good experience because we warn them to use as we directed them - mixing the half-pea sized amount for each pit with a few drops of water to turn into a watery thin paste (keep rubbing around your fingertips until there are no clumps) and then spread evenly under your arms.   To the amazing owners and creators of this game-changing product - pleeease put this in your instructions...I promise you it will take your product to the next level. It eliminates the rash issue, and spreads on and works so much better. And it's easier than rubbing coconut oil on first.   I just spent an hour of my morning to write this review because the creators deserve it, and you folks reading at home deserve to have quite simply the best deodorant I and all I recommend it to have ever used in our collective lives. Thank you so much to the creators for this life changing product. Try it folks - you won't be sorry I can promise you that.*
1	He is also coming from a different culture where walking is more widely used to get from locations.   Korea isn't like America where driving everywhere is expected
0	So, I was surprised as well since I'd thought that glass was good at filtering out UV radiation, which it turns out is  broadly true for the shorter wavelength, more dangerous UVB, but UVA (near UV, long wave, seen in black lights and not absorbed by the ozone layer) has a tendency to get through fairly well. . So if you're really pale, stay away from the side windows of the car, which are made of non-laminated glass, but the windshield should be safe. Tinted glass also helps.   Overall, as on pages 12-13 of the linked study, with the windows shut, a dummy in the test car received only about 3-4% of the ambient dose of UVA (again, almost no UVB, which is the more strongly burning stuff). Directly measuring the filtering ability of the glass, the best, tinted, laminated glass cut exposure by about 200x, but through a clear non-laminated window someone super-photosensitive might burn in 30 minutes (2x or so).   [Another study: All glasses tested totally blocked UVB. Laminated totally blocked UVA, while smooth ordinary clear glass transmitted 74.3%.](
1	To add to this point; a lot of what makes a good duo bot is the two players having the same mentality in lane. I've duoed (as support) with a friend of mine for going on 3 seasons and the only reason we synergize so well is because we have the same goal in lane. We have another friend who has played with my ADC longer than I have and is probably a better support mechanically and in game knowledge than I am but the results of the games he supports my ADC are a lot  worse just because of how damned aggressive he is. But we did have a fourth friend who also was an ADC main who he did freaking fantastic with because they only went aggressive and went for kills on the enemy bot lane.
1	I think he is not talking about how viable Taric is at solo top. Its more about the fact that everyone knows so much about League of Legends and can tell him that Taric at top is shit. They will keep on doing that until Hotshot for example starts playing Taric at solo top.Then they start to play Taric at top and fail and everything. I think thats what he meant about close minded and arrogant people.   The community is annoying me aswell in the last time. In nearly every game is the same type of idiot that is crying 24/7. If he is going to win he will say:"easy noobs". If he is losing his mid,pushing and getting ganked 24/7 without buying wards he is going to say:"report my jungler that is never ganking or lol you are so bad you need always help from your jungler" and so on.   There are so many people in this game who are really thinking they are better than everyone else,have to tell everyone how they suck and their build is wrong and they are obviously only losing because other people do the mistakes.   I really like playing League of Legends because it everytime something different but I really dont know why this community is so annoying. I dont wanna say everyone acts like that but there are more dumb people than in every other game i played.
1	And my only other irritation with this thread is the people that say they're embarrassed to show this game to their girl friends?   It's not about a lack of realism, it's about looking at Janna in a wind bikini and realizing immediately that the target audience is overly hormonal teenage boys. They look at Sivir and they know right away, more than "pretty" it is "sexy". The adjectives lean away from "lovely, graceful, beautiful," and most notably, TASTEFUL.   Unfair for you to say that we're complaining about realism because I game and my friends game, too, but not usually MOBAs. Contrast the outfits of say, Sivir/Sejuani/Shyvana with how absolutely flipping beautiful say, Princess Zelda looked in Twilight Princess and you'll see what I'm talking about.
0	Fool proof eh?   I'm not much for gambling in vegas.  Betting my money on the chance the Casino is going to grant me my luck is something i've never been into.  I'd like to think I can create my own luck.  It started in 1987; I remember walking out of the movie theatre thinking, "damn...greed...is good."  Well, like most things during the 80's I probably missed the point.  The lavish life style, the feeling of absolute control.  "That could be mine!"  As it turns out, I was also graduating from college that year and I felt somewhat obligated to use the chemistry degree I just spent thousands on.  So, I ended up teaching at a private high school containing my inner broker to trading as a hobby.  I eventually settled down and became a father so I didn't really have any money to risk.  I guess I kind of blamed my son for ending that dream.  Every time I looked at him, I saw the final nail in the coffin that contained my million dollar apartment and brand new S550.   It wasn't healthy. I got the sense that he could feel the resentment as well.  As he got older I found myself with a little bit more money and started dabbling in the game again.  I found now that I've been working at the school for 14 years I could really devote as much time as I want and put no effort into teaching.  My son had been trying to connect with me, I felt bad for him too.  He knew trading was my interest and so anytime I was on the computer looking up stocks he'd be there over my shoulder.  Wasn't the brightest kid in the world, but he just wanted to make me proud.  I'd even give him the login information to my Schwab account so he could browse around and read some of the articles.  By this time there were a few stocks I'd been looking at.  It was 2001, and like the rest of the country I'd been astonished at one  particular companies performance for the past few years.  Like usual I did my research and kept an eye on it.  It was March 8th 2001, and I had been debating whether or not I should go in.  The stock had been at 70 and it looked to go only up.  I decided that if I was going to make a move I'd be ready.  That day I transferred my sons college fund over to my Schwabb account and over half of my savings.  I should have told my wife but I couldn't picture anything but good things to come.  I came home early that day and I say at my computer debating.  Is this the day? I should take the risk, why not? Did you see their profit?  On March 9th 2001, the stock took a little dip but nothing it wouldn't bounce back from.  It seemed just right, it was a little down, good time to strike.  The weekend came and I was still tormented by the decision.  Sunday was March 11th.  I had to make my choice.   I set my alarm for 3:00am.  I sat at my computer desk to not wake my wife and passed out.  I suddenly awoke too, "break on through," and I grabbed a pen and paper and wrote my decision down.   I shut the alarm off and went upstairs.  I woke up a little late for work and I hurried out the door.  I left the piece of paper on my desk.  I remembered what it said but I still had the car ride to think it through.  It was March 12th 2001.   My son stayed home sick from school that day.  He wandered into my office and saw the note on my desk.  This was the moment the little fool could make me proud.  He was so excited to tell me he managed to buy the stock for me.  He would finally earn respect from me.   I spent the car ride thinking in my head.  Those numbers make no sense.  I shouldn't buy.  I shouldn't do it. It's too much money.   By the time I got home the market had closed. I heard on the radio that the stock dropped 10 dollars.  I was relieved I didn't follow through with that decision.  I pulled into my driveway and opened the door.  My son ran too me and pulled me to the office.   That fool.
1	Realistically, you should get another job and work on casting/E-sports on the side.  If you are indeed on your own, then E-Sports will not pay the bills right off the bat.  Many of the people who are able to play a role in E-Sports have long gaming backgrounds and have been involved in multiple games.  There have been competitions to find amateur casters that you should be participating in.   Realistically, you will not find instant success that will pay your bills and rent no matter how much reddit sympathizes with your circumstances in life.  If you're serious about this, then you better get some income while trying to chase this dream.  You work at this 40 hours a week and you work another job 40 hours a week.  That's right, that's 80 hours of work a week.  If you're really serious and really passionate about trying to succeed you will need at  least  that much.   I look at Travis from SotL and he does not impress me at all.  I used to watch some SotLs, but he would make his show notes in the beginning of the show.  If you want me to take a show seriously, then it should be somewhat professional.  It should not be something you're typing up 5 minutes before you start.
0	Rab_Legend said you stopped using "the" 1/2 way through, I was informing him that you actually stopped using it 1/3 of the way through.
1	I smurf sometimes specifically to learn from better players. If you choose to be matched in 'expert' queue when you start a new account and win the first few games you actually face hard opponents. After you get to about 10 wins 0 loss you can get matched with people on gold or higher smurfs. I think I was about 20wins 5 losses or something and I got put against this 4 man premade plat team. :O. So sometimes if I wanna learn by being matched way out of my league I make smurfs to be matched with better people.
1	I find that much of the time with Ezreal, if they are running away after a battle and I can't catch them, my trueshot will be powerful enough to kill them.  There aren't many times where it fails by a margin that AP would give.   As far as support and heal go, the Flux only does considerable damage later in the game, and while AP will increase its damage and heal (although heal got nerfed), the support effect (increased ally attack speed/decreased enemy attack speed) remains constant.   I seldom use Arcane Shift as a damaging ability (the teleport is very useful), but I tend to spam Mystic Shot the most, which uses AD.  Combining AD with lifesteal (Mystic Shot restores hp with lifesteal), Ezreal's passive, which grants a ton of attack speed, is activated after bursting the enemy with trueshot (usually hits many targets), hitting them with Essence Flux (slows attacks and makes it hard to defend) and then using mystic shot/attacking to do the most damage.  You are constantly restoring health, and if they try to escape, you can teleport/snipe them with mystic shot.   I use ignite/exhaust as summoner spells.  The exhaust is really good for kills if an enemy physical dps (like ashe) stuns you.  You just teleport to them (so they are within point blank range), and kill them.
0	I question the validity of your claim. Prom is a season that occurs over a two month span due to all the different schools that hold their proms different weekends. It would be difficult to pinpoint the week before and the week after. Although you could certainly notice trends; ie earlier in prom season for condoms, toward the end for pregnancy tests. Just a thought.
0	It seems a lot of people aren't really getting this, or saying the cashier should be prepared for this. Where I work my starting float used to have 300$ comprised of 20's, 10's, 5's, and coin, so making change for 100$ really wasn't that big of a deal. However the new owner felt it was unnecessary to carry that much money in the till, so now we can only carry 200$ comprised of only 10's, 5's, and coin, and whenever we get 100$ in 20's we have to immediately drop it in the safe.
1	I'll explain it for you. Champions that fight in the league are all clones when a summoner takes control of a champion their consciousness is uploaded into the clone, then when the clone dies they are then downloaded into a healthy clone(respawn time is the time it takes the for the consciousness to be reuploaded.) So the head rengar is carrying is clone Kha'Zix and not real Kha'Zix.
1	I'm sick of posts like this.  Yes, I think that the "League community" is hostile and unforgiving, but ragey posts like this don't solve the problem.  Nobody is looking for proof that you had a game with flamers/ragers.  If you want to be the thousandth person to complain about player toxicity then how about you make a more helpful post.  Offer some possible solutions to the problem instead of just unleashing your inner anger to Reddit.
1	Recently I played solo top fiora against a gragas. The lane was incredibly even, and we each had our moments (He left with more kills but I left with twice his CS, without jungle ganks due to ping). We both acted maturely and enjoyed the game, complemented eachother on good plays. In the end my team won, and we won graciously and they lost graciously, there were no hard feelings, and was one of the nicest games I ever played. Even if its for a strategic reason, its generally funner and nicer to just play and acknowledge when you've been beat rather than resort to nit picking at small mistakes someone has until they mess up big. I'd rather know that my skill is what won rather than the chat box. I dont rage when the other team mocks my play, but I dont enjoy it either.
0	I hate women who think its ok to do this too. Hopefully she doesn't do some crazy shit like fuck up your car, light your yard on fire, or hold your dog hostage outside of your house so the neighbors all gather around and you have to dismiss that shit as a mental breakdown and pretend you both are still together to save yourself from more awkwardness as well as to get her to shut the hell up.
1	BECAUSE HE KEPT FUCKING BULLYING THE MODS AND REDDIT USERS AFTER HIS FUCKING BAN. Holy shit, how do you not understand that?   RL was warned multiple times for his harassment of reddit users. He refused to fix it, his account gets banned. After being banned, he starts bullying the mods and creating drama non-related to the game on the sub. He also continued to harass users by linking reddit comments on his twitter for his followers to abuse the comment poster. He also used twitter to get upvotes for his posts, which is against reddit's rules. He even fucking threatened to release personal information of the mods.   How the hell is that hard to understand? Why should the mods continue to allow the prick to use this sub as an advertisement when he refuse to follow the rules of reddit? Actions have consequences, the only way to punish RL was to ban his shit as his account was already banned. Should the mods just let the guy bully reddit users who disagree with him on twitter? Should the mods just let the guy advertise his shit while he threatens to doxx them? Should the mods just let the guy continue to stir shit up that is unrelated to the actual game? RL fucked up, that was it. Its his fault that he is an insecure baby that cant just behavior according to the rules and accept that he dod something wrong.
1	anyone remeber the thread about clear titles? he could have even just put the
1	I feel awkward with her scaling. I try getting a Giant's Belt pretty early, so I can get some damage on her W, but it just feels like she doesn't ever get faster at clearing the jungle.   I can't help but compare her to Amumu, who has mirrors of most abilities. With a Rylai's on Amumu they play really similarly. (Also I hadn't thought about the Skarner comparison before, I believe I would prefer Skarner over her in terms of tanky initiators)   Amumu as least has AP ratios. Amumu at least has the option to throw a Rylai's or Abyssal Scepter into his build if he sees fit for various reasons. After doing so, landing his Q will actually hurt. When he pops his ultimate, it will do some damage.   Sejuani has no option of damage. Not even in a half-optimal form. In addition to naturally meh damage, they give her undesirable AP ratios (except perhaps her ult and even then, Amumu's scales better).
1	So, I just played my first 5 games of Ranked (with almost the same stats as you, 340 wins, ~ that in losses), and surprisingly, went 4-1. Surprisingly(you've no clue how hard it is to spell that after taking a bong hit. unless you do.), because although I consider myself above average, i expected 3-2 tops.   As I did expect, I "cost" my team 1 game, being so under-fed with Garen I'd just stumble into the middle of a fight and bleed. Long story, but I wasn't the only cause, our Udyr was also about as worthless as a Ken doll.   With that said, if you read up on strategy and follow most of it, you won't be a detriment to your team. WARNING: My first game, I was highest elo/banmaster. I froze, and missed a ban. Couldn't find Shen. Only get half the champs to choose from? Maybe.   Other than that, I picked a champ I was comfortable with when I was first(once a tank, we Rocked Solid), played Soraka 'cause I figured no one else would(didn't see a single other the other 4 games, other than Nidalee. Others!) and again won. Complete the team is a good way to go, unless you have a Main.   Hm... last hitting is... harder. I didn't break 100 in any of the games, which lasted about the same amount of time. I truly sucked with Garen/Trynd vs. Nidalee/Teemo. We chased them to their tower, they chased us back to ours. I did my regen thing, he did his, we charged back into the fray. Epic, we came out on top, 7/5/8 with 41 CS in 34 minutes.   Not much warding outside 1 game, and myself a spot here and there. It really just felt tighter, ya know? You step into someone's radius, they're in your grill, better able to get the free shots.   Had one rager when I had the bad game, 1/5/1 or shit. He flipped it around death 3-4. But Zilean was behind me the whole time, only used his ult once. Another small bean on the Teammate side of things.   I can picture already counter-picking become a fun part of the game.   Hm. With all that said...
1	As a counter? anything is viable if it's the right counter. If you're asking about blind picking, I would say no. Top laners are people who can sustain in lane. You will lose EXP having to go B, and you will use too much gold on pots. Ryze only has his ultimate to spell vamp from, and it's usually used to push to tower, and roam. You won't be roaming as a top lane, and you won't be getting jungle creeps at top either.
0	I've been having a similar discussion with a friend of mine today.  She was telling me all about how much she "suffered" and how "ubelievably tough" it was to get her Master's degree.  In a liberal art.  In 12 years, all while having school paid for and being supported by her parents (which didn't stop her from taking out HUGE student loans just so she could dress fashionably and party nightly).   She claimed we could never understand each other, since she had never joined the military and I'd never been to college.  I reminded her that I am a college student, currently working toward my own Master's degree in between combat tours, all while paying my bills, supporting my own family, and having less debt than she has but owning things like a house and a couple cars.   The point is this: College can't possibly be that difficult, if active duty folks like myself can do it IN OUR SPARE TIME.  Quit whining.
1	Real talk, boys.   When I'm playing AD Malz jungle, and you're getting fucking roflstomped in lane, sure I'll come pressure and lay down some damage if you really want me to, but nobody's getting a kill there.   But if you can just hold on to your pants for two more goddamn minutes, and let me hit 6, I swear to the high heavens I will come gank that overextended son of a bitch, and we will make him pay for his crimes. I'll ult that mother fucker and laugh as he squirms. I'll even let you take the kill.   But please, in the name of all things holy, let me farm till 6 without you assaulting my eardrums with that goddamn assist ping. Stop flaming me in chat. I'll carry you if you shut the fuck up and let me hit 6.
1	I think the situation with Dyrus is pretty much compareable to Faker and Solo Que. This might sound weird but hear me out,   In solo que, you lock in your top laner and expect that Vlad to go mid lane. Wrong, he went top lane and now you got a hard time on top. You tell your jungler you need some help, either 1 gank to get you rolling or a few more. Just some jungeler pressure is fine. Now what happends is, your jungler ignores top, he goes mid / bot, vlad gets free farm, you get ganked once or twice even tho you got wards up but hey what you are you going to do against 3 man gank right ? You were under your turret! Wrong! Your team is blaming you, spamming /all with reports and you lose gg ez.   Now just imagine Reddit being with /all people with the bashing and gg ez. Nobody even dares to look at the jungler.   Now on to Faker, if you look at the game vs FNC, his summoners were down, he just got ganked and he STILLS plays the aggressive Faker we know. He had 1 ward up and he is a vulnerable lane to gank. But look at what Bengi does, he wards around Mid lane so Faker can continue to play his game. They don't dance around FNC playstyle, no no they MAKE FNC dance around theirs.   And I think that is the issue we got with Dyrus, if he does get rolling he is an unstopable force to reccon with. So ofcourse they will try to stop that. But if he doesn't get any support from either his Mid laner or Jungler then it's soon a gg for dyrus. Which is happening this entire season.
1	I don't understand this phenomenon...   I play Singed ALOT in normals, like a LOT, i can safely say I'm tooo good at him (Dyrus good), but that's normals. For the life of me I can not win a game playing him in ranked, he's super cursed for me - I just end up getting the worst team mates when i play with him. That's why my win record with him in ranked is 0% (of 7 Games), even if i'm crazy positive.
1	It sounds like you're starting to get depressed or are (usually if you're tired or don't want to go out almost all the time you may be depressed) and are kinda addicted (though 3-5 hours is not that much compared to real addicts) but I would recommend you to go to a psychologist to get help. Let your parents manage your money and try to find something healthier to spend your time in, like a physical sport (I enjoy tennis for example). You don't have to completely stop playing league but you can start playing less each day until you get to a point in were you are comfortable and you get a hold of your school life.
0	That defense only works if they can prove it was during the course of employment. This would assume that OP had knowledge they would file said claim, and not act as an independent party. Also, the employees actions were not a result of the employer, as the employer is not required to notify the employee of all actions taken. The employees actions were a result of their own previous actions. If the employee had been awake and doing his job, he would have realized the drawer was emptied by the owner.
0	As someone who works for a refurbishing and resale company i can tell you one thing though, apples are of considerably better build quality physically, what will dent a macbook will shatter a dell or hp.  we constantly are receiving large lots of computers companies and schools are retiring and almost all of the dells and hps are unsellable because of the damage incurred from daily use whereas the apples though equally as old may have scratches and dents but they are otherwise intact.  Dells and HP's have a great deal of hollow space in them and use many overlapping plastic panels which although does make individual part replacement significantly easier it also leaves more seams in the case which are weak spots.   I myself own a macbook pro i bought back in 2007 and used all the way through college for engineering and i have to say aside from not being able to play games on it anymore it still does everything i need it to do on a day to day basis including all the engineering modeling software i use so i consider it a good investment.
0	Like a lot have said, they volunteer for this (mostly-there are some get-out-of-jail cards and always are a few idiots) but whats the worst that can happen by assuming they aren't? They feel good about what they have done, perhaps satisfied or justified in their actions, or validated. And you merely show respect and support, where a disproportionate amount of people throw hate and anger. Worse case senario, you buy a drink for a guy who probably wouldn't be your friend. But you bought him/ her a drink, and your simple notion of thanks or a drink merely promotes positivity. Even the "assholes" and "idiots" will find some positive if its given to them.
0	Can I emphasize that regardless of a person's decision on the matter, that they SHOULD get the testing done?  I had a conversation with a friend of the family who is bible thumper, raging alcoholic, and welfare queen about aborting broken fetuses.  She told me that she would absolutely keep the baby (2 of her kids have fetal alcohol syndrome) and she would skip the tests even if her insurance paid for it.  She said that ignorance is bliss.  Talk about a distorted reality!  She wouldn't even admit that knowing ahead of time would at least give her time to prepare for a disabled child.  I honestly didn't know whether to feel pity, disgust, or anger towards her after that.  I think that I settled on all three.
1	Remember that Anivia is probably one of the(if not the) best late game casters.   If she does good and has a lot of AP, she instagibs pretty much anyone every time her ult and Q are both off cooldown.   If she does bad, she still has an AOE stun, an AOE slow, and dat wall.   If she builds tanky, it sucks because you really can't do anything, because you're stuck with the conditions you put forth, but I think you  want to pop her egg as early as possible, then kill her as quickly as possible(though possibly not during the egg).   Anivia is balanced by mana, more or less, so if she's using all of the tools at her disposal, she has crazy mana problems.
0	This idea of a job singlehandedly paying for "the American Dream" is kinda warped   The consumer price index- CPI (basic bundle of consumer consumption goods on a yearly basis) has hardly changed in relationship to the real price of the dollar.   The reason why people were able to afford that kind of stuff was because banks were more willing to give out larger loans, on top have having lower real interest rates on the loans.   Since then, most of those banks have lost there asses (I dont really care, rich people losing money) with the liability of people who wouldn't pay them back. Though this is true, the general spending culture is very different today as well. The investment rate per dollar is much much lower today than it used to be (aka, people spend their money more than they save it, especially compared to back in the day).   A major reason for this is because people have trended towards spending more money on the entertainment, amusement, accomodation and recreation activities market. Though I'm not an expert on why that is, I can tell you that average american employment in this industry has actually increased substantially in the last 50 years, however this employment increase is dwarfed by the exponentially larger increase in spending in this industry.   There are other industries (ie electronics) like this that american consumers have trended towards, though these services and products are not included in the CPI. This is what creates the whole "I dont have enough money issue"   So basically, according to the government's consumer price index, the reason why we can't afford the basic  "american dream" is because we spend too much money on things that we don't need.
1	Usually plats and diamonds know whats going on, and if they pan the camera over you on the map and watch you while they're dead they can usually pick up on something you've done wrong.   When they pick up on this they can either correct the player by being nice or outright flaming, so thats why you hear about people thinking they're so good and flaming eachother.   It's not that they're all bastards it's the fact they can pick up on others mistakes really well.   I haven't really touched on why it's elo hell so gimme a sec.   For all the people (and to save you time):
0	Jesus this is depressing just having broke it off with my fiancee.   Edit: Since someone asked what happened. I've copy pasted it below.   It's actually because 5 months into the relationship I was talking with another girl, texting. No pictures or anything, but there was flirting. I'll have to explain.   Before her I was in an abusive relationship. The girl I ahd been texting (she doesn't know who it was) was a girl I had been talking to during that relationship. Lived across the country though. We were flirting through text and she saw that. I had stopped it before, and had been planning to tell her everything, but hadn't found the strength to do so. Not sure if I would have found the strength.   Fast forward a few months later, I thought she had forgiven me. Things seemed fine. We were engaged! No ring yet, but we were searching. And when she found the eprfect one I went out and got it in January. I was planning to ask her come summer time in a spot by the lake. Where we had shared one of our first "romantic" moments.   We were together a total of 17 months before she ended it out of the blue. That's when things really took a toll on me. Trying to move past it for the first few weeks and she contacts me. Crying. I was trying to date another girl, but it wasn't the same (never is at first). She hated me for becoming this great guy  after  her. This was beginning of April. I'll have to explain that before continuing.   After she ended it, I started working out and noticing all the other little things I had done wrong. My workout routine was everyday, running and/or lifting. I trained for a Half marathon that I ran a few weeks ago, and I'll be running in the Tougher Mudder soon on July 20th. I started playing guitar again and writing music. I started doing all these things I had forgotten about. I ahd been down on my luck stuck in a depressing job (Still am), but it kept me from really enjoying life until it was too late. There was a bunch of other things I changed, and it pissed her off it seemed.   So, back to the timeline. We went back and forth until I saw her again. I drove out one night, two and a half hours away to where she lived (and where I used to live with her), to see her. We talked on the phone the whole way. We ended up having sex before I went home. We planned on seeing eachother again later that week. (By this time I had called it off with the other girl, I liked her a lot, but things felt unfinished at the time).   She ended it a second time, citing that we had to start moving on. Well, this would happen a third time! Where we met and started talking. Hung out again and everything for the day and I stayed the night. Before, you guessed it, she ended it again.   Fast forward two/three weeks. She calls again. This is where she said she really wanted to try again. So we ended up living together for two weeks, she said we were both "single" but trying. That she needed time to clear her head before jumping back into it. But she wanted me there. She was in school and finals were coming up, so I thought it was a good idea to just feel things out.   Two weeks, and we went out on dates, I took care of the house work while her and her roomates were in class, I cooked for all of them, went out and had fun. I even became closer with her best friend, in a good way! Something I hadn't done before. Everything was going great. And she ended it  again . Called it quits.   That's when I pretty much broke. That was a true "I fucking snapped" moment. Not in anger, just not wanting to even move. There's a lot of great things that happened between her and me during those two weeks that I obviously didn't write out. Which just made it all feel like things were getting better. She ended it because she said, in her words, "I can't trust you again. You broke my heart and my trust." It had been the fact I had been flirting with that other girl. She couldn't get passed it a year later.   The worst part, during our break inbetween she was seeing other guys. Not when we lived together, but other times. She saw three other guys that all told her they didn't want to go any further. That they weren't ready for a relationship. And I took it for whatever reason.   So what did I find out after? Two days later, she had another guy visit her and hang out at her house. That guy would later have sex with her before telling her he didn't want anything to do with her. So, four guys told her that. She now associates me as a guy who doesn't deserve a second chance. This is now... Oh... 7 weeks after she ended it last?   The worst part? I still felt bad. After everything. Even though she was already with another guy. I felt bad for her, I still wanted to make ehr feel better for whatever reason.   My body is in shape. I have my six pack back, gained 30 lbs on muscle and a beach body. Can play some kickass guitar songs and sing too. Got back into pottery, throwing on the wheel, went out to L.A. because Microsoft invited me out. And a ton of other great shit with the Tough Mudder event to look forward to.   So at least i got that going for me.
1	She has 3 steroids built into her kit that aid in her auto attacks. Her W, gives her 3rd consecutive auto-attack on 1 target guaranteed bonus dmg plus her base AD, her Q gives her 60% more dmg on her next auto-attack, her ult grants her bonus attack damage. Name any other AD carry that has 3 AD steroids in their kit (outside of twitch, which I've never understood why people think he is troll, but that's a whole other issue).     Cait: 1 in passive   Ashe: None   Corki: None   Ezreal: 1 in passive   Graves: 1 in E   Kog'Maw: 2 in Q-passive and W   Sivir: 2 in W and R   Teemo: 2 in passive and E   Tristana: 1 in Q   Twisted Fate: 1 in E   Twitch: 3 in passive, Q, and R   Urgot: None     Please note that twitch is also a crazy hyper-carry similar to Vayne. However, a full-item build twitch can wreck your team in 3 seconds compared to a vayne having to take out each individual target one at a time. The thing people fail to realize about Twitch is that his Ult applies every single on-hit effect. Crits, Item Slows, Red Slows, and his Passive, all get applied in his ult. There is no dmg reduction in how many targets he hits, if he hits you with his ult missle it is the same as if he hit you with his basic auto-attacks.
1	For me a REAL friend is someone I can rely on. Like, when i'm in deep shit a REAL friend will take a shovel and at least try to dig me out. I've got, like 3 REAL friends, and a couple of dozen of acquaintances with whom I hang out, go to movies, play video games and shit like that. I give them the benefit of the doubt, but so far only 3 have proven themselves.
0	Forced myself to touch-type in 10th grade.  My friend could do it and would finish his programming assignment in 10 minutes then fuck off for the rest of the period.  That was all the motivation I needed:
1	I knew this was going to happen from the moment it was leaked that he may be joining a western team -  Piglet is good at the game because he plays the game a lot , that's it.  His scrim etiquette was always awful which is why he was almost removed from SKT before season 3 worlds  and this is because  he doesn't study . Piglet would often skip school to go play league either alone or with friends because he hates study, so what a surprise that Piglet isn't studying english very well! [My mind](   This was going to happen from the get go, Piglet has a bad attitude towards scrimming (he would often be late to scrims or miss them entirely because he stayed up late playing soloq) but remained on SKT as long as he did (despite KkOma hating his attitude) because his playmaking upside was so large. My theory is now that he is away from his friends, family and Korean soloq he is lacking anything to stabilize him like he had in Korea as well as overall a lower quality of soloq practice.   This is purely coming from a massive Piglet fanboy who has been following him for years and stalking anything related to him.
1	It's interesting to think about.  I wish I could talk more on NA culture, especially in being sensitive, but it's so complex I have no idea how to draw a good conclusion.  I've spent several years in Germany and some time in SEA.  While my time abroad has taught me to appreciate the potential for significant differences between cultures, I've also realized how complex recognizing these differences can be, especially because it's a subjective topic.   For example, if I had to speculate over NA, I would say the following: Americans in a personal setting are usually more aggressive than Germans.  This stems from Americans generally being more confident, independent- rather than group-oriented, as well as being a culture that revolves around competition.  However, arrogance is seen really poorly in NA because deep down our competitive instincts hate hearing someone say they are better than they deserve.  We also love underdogs because it runs in line with the idea of being independent, the small guy fighting against tough odds.  And we strongly believe in reaping what you sow, that is if you mess up that you pay for it thoroughly, one of the reasons our prison rates are the highest in any developed country.   With all this combined, if DLift talks shit, will an American approve, seeing it as simply being confident and people who can't stand it have weak competitive instincts?  Will an American instead resent his attitude and view his behavior as a sign of arrogance, possibly considering it unwarranted boasting or putting down an underdog they respect?  And if DLift talks shit and fails, will Americans forgive easily and be quick to support him again, or will they be hard to forget his failure and seek to punish him even in future contexts where he's less offensive?   Which of these cases is symptomatic of being overly sensitive, or can each case be justified as long as you understand the perspective they're coming from?   There are contradicting patterns here which makes it hard to generalize in order to form a standard of expectation, and of course it's complicated by the fact that even being raised in the USA, it's impossible for my opinion of it's culture to be perfect in a general sense.  I guess
1	This is probably the best patch of League of Legends I've ever experienced since no 2 champions are completely dominating a lane/role.   Anybody does the job well in ADC. BT rush has been demolished in favor of either TF, IE or BORK rush. This allows many champions to get into the "meta" such as Jinx & Kog for hypercarries, Vayne for tank buster, Graves & Lucian for lanebully and other adcs for more niche situations.   Midlane has become the lane where you play whoever the hell can deal above average damage. We have recently seen champions like Jarvan IV and Urgot come into play where they handle immobile comps by catching people out and bursting them down. Assassin champions like Leblanc still terrorize soloq, and mage champions like Karthus and Xerath still make their appearances.
0	This is wrong.   What part of the top bit is awesome?     crying coworker?    no, that's not awesome     dead boyfriend?   certainly not, at least I hope not..     a hug?    It's just a hug dude, I hug people daily.       Now let's get to the socially awkward bit.     girl kisses you on the mouth      First of all, SAP is supposed to be things that YOU have done, not interactions hat have happened to you; so Awkwardly getting mouth kissed by a crying girl would be more of an awkward seal situation than a penguin.   Secondly, an awkward (or awesome) situation isn't just awkward (or awesome) because of the punchline, either the whole situation is awkward or the whole situation is awesome   sorry about the rant, but I really fucking hate these stupid bi-colored penguins. a situation is almost never both awesome and awkward at the same time, and honestly, Whenever I see something like this it is always, 100% of the time just a normal situation becoming either awkward or awesome by the punchline.  If anything, and you absolutely HAVE to ruin a perfectly good meme by splitting the color, the top half should AT LEAST be "Socially Average Penguin".
1	Korea uses a circuit point system to determine who goes to worlds; the top two teams in circuit points at the end of the Summer season will automatically get the first two spots in worlds. The third through sixth-place teams in points then play a regionals gauntlet to determine who gets the third Worlds spot (sixth place plays fifth place, winner then plays fourth, then the winner of that plays third).   Before the Summer season, T1 K had 450 points, tied for first with Samsung Blue, with Samsung White in third at 375 points. At most, T1 K can get 75 circuit points from winning NLB Summer; Samsung White, on the other hand, can get 150 points just from placing third in OGN Champions Summer.   At this point, aside from the Jin Air Stealths causing a major upset over Blue, T1 K can only get the second-place seed  IF  Samsung White gets 4th in Champions while T1 K reaches NLB finals (White would have 475 points vs SKT K having 510-525 in this case).   If White gets 3rd in Champions (which is 150 points), T1 K  must  win NLB just to force a presumable tiebreaker for the second-place spot (both teams would reach 525 points in that scenario). However, imo even if T1 K gets the tiebreaker, they will just lose again to White since White has had their number all througout Spring up to now, and they're definitely the stronger-looking team atm; so yes in all honesty I think T1 K is going to get third-place in circuit points for sure.   Regardless of T1 K's performance in NLB however, they are guaranteed to get at least third in the circuit points. NJWS (the current fourth place) has no chance to get enough points to make up the 125 point gap between them and T1 K.
1	Every single Renekton I've ever played ranked with during the draft screen:   (Renekton) - "Ok guys, i play renekton top. Don't worry, no one counters him and i'll shit  on anyone i face. We got this guys, easy win."   gamestarts   (Renekton)[To All] - LOL Olaf, how many kills do you plan to feed me in the first 10 minutes?   0/5, no ward, cocky renekton later   (Renekton)[To All] - WOW Ignite noob, really? Bad Olaf. AND WTF OUR JUNGLER NEVER GANKS. GG. DIS MY FIRST LOST WITH RENEKTON EVER, THX TEAM.
1	Agree on the princes teacup party, I also stated somewhere else people are keen to report you for everything. For example: Bot lane gets a fail gank or something that happens to mid, they argue and keep going on. Then Bot lane suddenly die at dragon pit (no dragon ~ no reason to be there) after they died, they (at least the adc did) started blaming Fiddle again. I stated that Fiddle has nothing to do with it, and then he said 'ignored'. This person may have or not have reported me after the game, propably not because we won that game.  I'm almost certain every game has 1-2 reports from the losing team.
1	Now I'm pretty low elo. Silver badge, 14XX. I don't really lose my lane or  **  up in teamfights or whatever, and i never ever feed, but thats beside the point.   I'm basically a bad player and I know it. and I know I can do better, if I spent more time improving my game, learning from my mistakes, or if I moved out(live in a rural area, get horrifying pings all the time), or If i watched high elo streams more often than i already do, or if i quit my job and school so i can play more than one game a night at 2 AM after being tired from work and finished studying or (insert random excuse here.)   However, I do spend ALOT of time observing people, and I spend alot of time observing their motives, and why they act the way they do. I observe them doing stupid things, while yelling at other people for doing stupid things. I see people yelling at people in champ select, then watching that "unviable champ" get fed and carry, and watching the guy who followed the meta and who watches streams feed. I spend alot of time looking at retards on the forum complaining about elo hell.   It all makes me very angry.   (it even has a cute pitchur :D ) andyeah the rest of the posts on my blog are outdated and  ** ty but in my mind I have disproved ELO hell. however, Feel free to tell me why I'm wrong.
1	I am currently diamond 5 and you can't expect to be god-like at a new position.  Back when I was silver/gold, I expected to win every game and thought I had a major factor in every game which wasn't the case.  My knowledge of the game at that point was not the greatest, for example, builds, when to exchange, etc. so i watched streams to improve in that aspect.  Next is my mechanics (positioning, last hitting, orb walking and etc) I just played a lot, and learn from mistakes with a cool and calm head.  I stopped blaming the team and learned take responsibility for my bonehead plays.  And as hard as it sounds, LoL is a team game, so you have to have some faith in your teammates.  You are as good as your team is my philosophy :D   Even pros have losing streaks.  Have the thought that you can't win every game.  Set goals to each day to help improve   As for the raging part, I'm no psychology major or have the quantification in that department but what I do now, is I try to keep a level head before and during each game.  Also I keep a tennis ball to help cope with my anger if i do get angry at the game :D   dont give up op tho, it only gets better :D
0	I find this to be interesting. Casting judgement on someone for explaining the details behind the meme, rather than telling everyone to fuck off, which would have been the easier road. Only in  this  thread did I reply to anyone about the legality of my actions. So for you to make it plural is unjustified. Honestly, if you need the support of others to substantiate your ideas, then it shows the frailty of your written message.   You call me a dick simply because I had an item in possession that belongs to someone else and it remained that way because of break-up. I've said before, if I had been of the mind that I had the property while we were still in contact I would have said "hey, listen this is yours. Take it back." Yet, since it was disregarded, forgotten, and placed out of sight, it eventually became a relic. It's just fortunate that when I unearthed the bloody thing, it still has use. I don't know where this woman is anymore and if I could find her, maybe we could work something out, but that doesn't seem likely.   So, hey, you guys want to downvote and judge me without any regard to the facts or appealing to any evidence, then please, do so. Is that not what reddit is for? The image served its purpose and it did generate a generous amount of upvotes -- more-so than I have ever received. Good or bad, as they say, no press is bad press. Thanks for your time.
0	I always took "look at all the fucks I give" to refer to someone not being bothered by criticism - that they give so few fucks that they're as happy and carefree as Julie Andrews as she barrels across the Alps, singing as she goes   Makes more sense than the idea that she's gesturing to the empty space around her (which she isn't, she's just flailing around while she sings about hills and sounds and music) tbh. I mean, can you even  see  a given fuck? Julie Andrews could be completely surrounded by invisible fuck-givings for all we know (brb, pitching an idea to an Austrian porn producer)
1	U are only half-way right in my opinion. These are really good strats but u need experience to put them into use. If u cant make any threat on lane defensive approach is weak, and in offensive u need to know both urs and ur lane opponents dmg. learn stuff like: wave controll, putting right distance, sacrificing creeps for poke etc.  U need to know what u do rather than chosing one strategy.
0	An old roommate of mine was a southern "good old boy" from georgia. He drove aggressively and never wore a seatbelt because he found them uncomfortable. One day he accelerated too early while entering a wet highway, and flipped his truck off the road, throwing him from the vehicle. The truck was completely totaled, but he walked away without a scratch on him.   He now claims that if he had been wearing his seatbelt he would have been killed in the truck, and continues to refuse to wear one because he thinks they're unsafe. He also claims that the only reason he wrecked at all was because of the wet roads, and he continues to drive extremely aggressively.
1	Did you actually read what I wrote in context or did you just skim my post for the first phrase that finally allows you to enter the history books as a certified smartass?   But I'm a nice guy, so here's your personal
1	I'm not sure I see how this is a problem, if they are matched with people with similar MMR to them. Sure, it makes a farce of the 'League' system - but if you wanted a system to represent player skill to such a degree, why not stick with the old ELO system?
0	the letter of the law says if you send what is classified as child pornography to anyone, or every store it somewhere, you can be charged for possession of child porn.   so it really doesn't matter who they are, they broke the law. if the law is borked, change it, just ignoring it doesn't mean you are immune from the consequences of your actions.   when given questions like this, I deal with the letter of the law because they are what is exactly pertinent to the present conversation. I cant say that because I want pot to be legal I should be allowed to smoke it anyway, because its still against the law.   I tend to be a legal literalist (maybe being growing up as a foreigner in america made me have stricter respect for their rules). Society agrees on laws, you may not have personally, but at some point consensus was reached that society generally doesn't like child pornography, and thus put harsh restrictions on those who make/distribute it. I personally think the idea that you can be put into jail for taking a picture of yourself is a bit silly, but I can see where the strict logic kind of got in the way. since minors are not legally allowed to consent to naked pictures being taken of them, they are not allowed to give themselves consent to photograph themselves. the law is weird like that.   this is compounded by the fact that citizens have already been prosecuted for this.
1	I enjoy Quinn, and she's my current ADC. Her kit may not be the most original or have any new features like Syndra's chucking things or Rengar's bush jumping, but her range and how her skills functions definitely makes her gameplay and goals different from other ADCs. First off, her short range and her mobility throw her into a Vayne-type champ that has room to outplay other people. Her ult turns her into a speedy assassin, and that changes what her presence in teamfights is like and on the map (she can chase down a hella lot of kills that are normally lost causes).   I'm not going to go on much further since I'm getting side-tracked,
0	The headphones inventor?
1	The thing is, what's viable/competitive now won't necessarily be viable/competitive weeks or months from now, so it's hard to make recommendations based on that. The best thing would be just to try champions during free weeks and buy the ones you find fun. A lot of people get hung up over who the flavour of the month champions are, or what champions are "hard counters" to other champions, but that doesn't really count for much if you're playing a champion you're bad at just because someone says they're good.
1	His match history doesn't show he's been doing this often   Justifies punishment, but you're assuming he's been doing this every game   When it may be his first time doing it.
1	TSM better than Desperate Housewife
0	I didn't downvote, but I can speculate.   It's to do with tone, or rather people's interpretation thereof. Someone may read your statement as saying "Yeah, fuck religion. You can be a good person without being religious, so why the fuck would you be religious, fucknut?" That may not be at all your intent, but that is how it could very easily be interpreted, I can see. It smacks (intentional/unintentional I neither know nor judge) of the smug superiority of much of the internet atheist clique. Particularly here on Reddit. /r/atheism is a particularly embarrassing circle-jerk.   There is a kind of prevailing consensus in a lot of popular/internet media that being religious = dumb and being atheist = smart. Or at least on Reddit/its atheist subreddits. Besides being an inaccurate generalisation this is also insulting to those of faith. Most people who are religious here (in my experience anyway) are of the liberal variety, they are willing to listen to reason, to debate intellectually and engage with people who disagree with their beliefs in a sensible, rational way. They try to do good, according to their faith, but they do not shove it down your throat. Much like the sister in OP's post. By contrast, many atheists here will take any and all opportunity to decry the evils of religion. There certainly are plenty of evils to decry, but entering into an ideological mud-slinging match is no way to make friends or convince anyone.   I, for one, am Christian. Or at least I describe myself as such. My actual beliefs are a bit unorthodox, complicated and not very interesting to anyone. So I don't push it on anyone. By contrast, anyone who discovers my faith immediately asks "why?" or similarly interrogates my logic. I'm used to it, and I'm happy to have a debate, and I think I'm smart enough and eloquent enough to at least hold my own. I have spent considerable time critiquing my own faith, educating myself of scientific alternative theories for the stories of the Bible, reading up on philosophy of all kinds (Kant and Nietzsche being favourites) to construct what I think is a solid, logical and tenable system of personal belief. I don't really give two shits whether anyone else agrees with it, or believes in it, but if they genuinely would like to know, I'm always happy to share my thoughts.   But it does annoy me on some level that believing there is no god is the default, rational position. Philosophically, it is an untenable belief system in exactly the same way that believing in Allah, or Yahweh, or Brahman is. Epistemologically, there is no grounds for true knowledge either for or, critically,  against  the existence of a deity of any kind. Therefore, either is a system of  belief  identical to the other. I can't provide you with evidence that Jesus is a pretty chill dude that lives on some cloud somewhere with his dad and all his righteous homies. But equally evidence cannot be provided to show that he  doesn't . Thus, the only truly  rational  stance is to say "Well, fuck if I know. I guess I might find out if I die?", not "Theists are credulous dumbasses, go team atheism!"   And that, rambling tangents aside, is why I think you got downvoted.
1	Replied directly but hijacking the top comment to get visibility:   We learned a lot from doing the 2014 World Final in Seoul's World Cup stadium. In particular, while it was a landmark event for LoL esports because so many people were there, we think that indoor stadiums are more conducive to promoting energy and excitement of crowds far better than outdoor stadiums. On top of that, it's a lot easier for us to capture crowd energy on stream when it's indoors for the home audience.   For Dock Pullman specifically, we'll have around ~1500 fans each day, but all of group stages will be there, so that'll be two weeks of games (8 days).
0	My mom spent so much money on my useless college education out of guilt I used to sneak money into her wallet whenever I visited. One day I guess I went too far because I put like $60 into an empty wallet and she was like "Where the fuck is this money coming from?"   When she found out what was going on she told me to stop it. Also whenever I borrow money and try to pay her back she usually won't take it. Sometimes she'll take a check but it's very rare they get cashed.
1	Mods have control   Exactly. This place is managed by the mods and as long as that is true, the subreddit will be what their vision of it is. Nobody cares if most people disagrees(yes, I'm exaggerating). If you do, you can either 1. grab pitchforks and in general be an asshole to people that voluntarily mod hundreds of posts every day to keep people safe from [reddit-retardation]( and allow them to actually have a good general LoL related news hub, or 2. branch out, grab a few people and start your own place.   *By the way, most of huge subreddits turn INCREDIBLY BAD as an effect of not strict enough moderation. They quickly become circlejerks with 0 content(/r/gaming/ /r/gaming/ /r/gaming/). Is it what the community wanted? Absolutely, yes. In fact, 89 of it does(ratio of games/gaming subscribers). As you would say, it "brought the community together". Is it good? Holy shit no, it's terrible. /r/gaming is literally useless to people who expect actual gaming content. It's fast food to restaurants. More people want fast food, it doesn't mean it's better. It's hundreds of times worse. It's just easier.
0	Actually, the ram cam with the motherboard for free.
1	Thanks - these numbers should have gone into the article. It is nice to see how teams distribute gold compared to the average, but the graphs in the article make it seem like the distribution is a lot more lopsided than it really is.   For example, the article makes it seem as if Mancloud is making a shit-ton of gold and everyone else on his team is getting starved out, but in reality he's only making about 5% more than the average. Similar situation with CLG: Aphromoo is only making 3% above the average.
0	Uhhh.. no it's not. By that logic all calories are created equal, which they are NOT. It's not as simple as calories in < calories out = weight loss. Any nutritionist will tell you that eating 300 calories worth of vegetables isn't the same as say, eating 300 calories of Doritos. In addition, weight loss is 90% diet, 10% exercise. Yes, exercising certainly helps, but if you're 50 pounds overweight, hitting the gym for 3 hours a day isn't going to make you lose weight as quickly as eating a high fat/high protein/high fiber diet. Numerous studies have proven this to be an effective way to lose weight. Smarter people than me (Such as Gary Taubes and Robert Lustig) have written books and have hard data to prove this.
0	Thanks for saying that.  THanks for noticing.   I also want to point out that its not really easy to stop a kid from kicking a seat.  I mean, your common sense says, "You stop that kid from doing that right now."   But what if mom reprimands the kid and the kid starts crying and screaming because she doesnt like when you talk like thaaaaat?   No one wants that.   So maybe mom should calmly tell the child that it is not nice to kick the chair.  "Remember we talked about that earlier, sweetie?"  And that kid might just go, "But I want to.  I like kicking chairs."   Kick kick kick.   Maybe mom could physically restrain the child?  Hold those little legs down?  That kid is going to scream.  I guarantee it.
1	Zeus >Static Field: Radius 1000 >Zeus shocks all nearby enemy units whenever he casts a spell, causing damage proportional to their current health.  > Percentage Of Current HP Dealt As Damage: 5%/7%/9%/11%   The cooldown on his abilities are 2, 6 and 120 seconds. Using the 2s CD ability for ease of maths, means he deals roughly 21% of current hp in damage every 4s, in a large radius.  Mundo > Infected Cleaver  > Magic Damage: 15 / 18 / 21 / 23 / 25 % of target's current health  > Range: 1000  > Cooldown: 4 seconds   25% of target current health each 4 seconds, considering he doesn't miss.  That's a 4% difference. Zeus seems stronger to me, as it hits in a radius the size of the cleaver's reach. Also, it is a 21% current hp damage on top of the spell damage of the spell cast by Zeus.
0	People need to know how dangerous this is. I was driving my Tahoe (full of equipment so my blind spot was worse than it usually is).  I turned on my signal, left it on for a good 30 seconds as looked around to make sure the lane was clear and slowly started merging.   Because my rear view was blocked I didn't see the ass hat in a piece of crap Honda that he thought was hot shit that felt like he did not want to be behind a truck that was traveling the same speed as him. He had accelerated and matched my speed and successfully hid himself in my blind spot entirely. If he hadnt laid on his horn (as he kept accelerating, instead of changing lanes or slowing down when the considerably larger vehicle started merging) and I hadn't been forced to swerve back into my lane, he probably would have destroyed his car, done considerable damage to my truck, not to mention damage to about $100,000 in delicate TV gear I was carrying in the back.
1	Yes but it pretty accurately shows your "elo".   It doesn't accurately show anything, it translates your position on the ladder to a different number, but that number doesn't necessarily reflect what your ELO would be.   My example would be: If I'm stuck in Silver I at 90 LP, getting +1/2 for a win, but -10 for a loss, I can have an 83% winrate for a period of time while my MMR "catches up".  My league position will stay about the same, as for every 5 wins, I have a loss putting me back to the same LP.  Lolking will always show my score at ~1490, because I'm just shy of gold, at 1500.  Meanwhile, my ELO would actually be climbing, because my winrate is largely positive, and I'll be playing against better and better people.
0	Why is this downvoted? I was going to say the exact same thing; police have no obligation to protect you, they are there to protect  the law .   Recent example:   "While plaintiffs pointed to the officers close proximity to the attack and their perceived ability to prevent it,  proximity does not create a special relationship  (see id.). Mr. Lozito conceded that he had no communication or contact with the police officers before the attack took place. The first prong of the  Cuffy  elements was not met here. No direct promises of protection were made to Mr. Lozito nor were there direct actions taken to protect Mr. Lozito prior to the attack.  Therefore, a special duty did not exist.  "
1	Champions   Ashe   Summary: We reduced Hawkshots cooldown at later levels and changed its bonus gold to 3 at all ranks.  Basically, we wanted Hawkshot to feel more valuable at rank 1.   E  Hawkshot   Cooldown reduced to 60/55/50/45/40 (from 60 at all ranks)   Bonus gold on kill changed to 3 at all ranks (from 1/2/3/4/5)   Dr. Mundo   Summary: Mundos cleavers got skinnier.   Designers keep watch over Mundo with skinny cleaver change. Now Mundo get no corporate bonus for bad cleaver. This  separate good Mundo from great Mundo.   Q - Infected Cleaver   Missile width reduced to 60 (from 80)   Evelynn   Summary: The closer Evelynn is to her target, the faster her Hate Spike projectile travels. We still like the notion behind our last Hate Spike change, but were not really happy with how it feels in game. Adjusting the abilitys missile speed still rewards enemies for keeping their distance, but also rewards Evelynn for getting up close and personal.   Q - Hate Spike   Re-adjusted missile speed to more consistently hit close targets (now has a high initial missile speed that rapidly decelerates as it travels)   Kayle   Summary: We lowered Reckonings AP ratio while raising the AP ratio of Divine Blessings heal. We also added an AP ratio to Divine Blessings movement speed bonus and removed Interventions mana cost.   Once she gets ahead, Kayle's burst damage can be overwhelming to play against. While we're taking away some of Kayle's up-front burst, the utility scaling on Divine Blessing should help her and her team get INTO (and out of) THE FRAY.   Q  Reckoning   Ability power ratio reduced to 0.6 (from 1.0)   W - Divine Blessing   Heal ability power ratio increased to 0.45 (from 0.35)   Movement speed bonus now scales with ability power (+7% per 100 ability power)   R  Intervention   No longer has a mana cost (from 100/75/50)   Riven   Summary: We lowered Rivens base health regen and increased the power of Valors shield.   Were reinforcing one of Rivens core philosophies: she's a champion who should rely on mitigating or avoiding damage to be successful. Enemies who harass Riven should feel rewarded for hitting her when her defenses are down, while Riven players can feel better about using her buffed shield to prevent that damage in the first place.   General   Base health regen per 5 reduced to 2.5 (from 5.5)   E  Valor   Shield increased to 90/120/150/180/210 (from 70/100/130/160/190)   Rumble   Summary: Flamespitter looks okay.   Rumble now spits real flame instead of meatballs.   Q  Flamespitter   Spell effect has been updated   Thresh   Threshs very long range basic attack is a powerful threat in lane, so this change introduces a little more vulnerability to his  kit.   General   Basic attack range reduced to 450 (from 475)   Yasuo   Summary: It now takes more movement to generate flow and Sweeping Blade gives less flow when Yasuo dashes. We also reduced Last Breaths cast range.   We made some general quality of life changes to Yasuo in patch 4.1, but as players begin to master him, weve seen how strong he is when played to maximum effectiveness. We looked at areas where we could reduce some of that power without messing with his core playstyle. We were also unhappy with how Yasuo was using Last Breath to engage in fights by teleporting from thousands (and thousands) of miles away.   PASSIVE - Way of the Wanderer   Movement required to generate a unit of flow increased by 15%   Q - Steel Tempest   Now passively displays a range indicator around Yasuo when Steel Tempest's Whirlwind is available   E - Sweeping Blade   Now passively grants 3/6/9/12/15% of Yasuo's flow bar when he dashes (from 4/8/12/16/20%)   R - Last Breath   Reduced cast range to 1200 (from 1300)   Fixed a bug where Last Breath could sometimes be used beyond the maximum range   Ziggs   Summary: Hexplosive Minefield will deal less damage to minions as they hit successive mines. Short Fuses base damage and AP ratio were both reduced at lower levels.   Our changes to Ziggs in patch 3.13 turned him into monster when it comes to pushing and counterpushing. While we like the philosophy behind the change, Hexplosive Minefield is a little too good as a wave clear tool, letting Ziggs play passively without any repercussions. The Short Fuse change has a bunch of numbers, but the
1	Honestly, I don't know why people are telling you to watch streams or view guides to improve your own play. Assuming that your item builds are decent, I think that you just need to focus on your mechanics (i.e. farming). Don't worry about improving your decision making just yet. Most people at this level of play focus solely on killing whoever their laning opponent is, and as a result average ~100 cs in a 30 minute game. Practice last hitting in custom games. If you farm well, you can carry HELLA hard.
1	I said it the first time I saw him and here is my rant:   Thresh is the most retarded support in any moba history . It seem that Riot doesn't nerf thresh simply because of the "youtube highlights."   RANGE 450  Free trades   Passive : souls give you armor + ap... wtf ?!   Q. does tons of damage, CC you to death (2s CC + zero escape). Have the most retarded cooldown (7sec). On top of a gab closer even if you cleanse the hook he still can gap close you.   W. What can I say about this ... free escape in any type of situation + shields you   E. Flay , tons of damage, cock block everything   R. The most retarded % of slowdown ive seen + 5 times, tons of damage.   So.. you hook, you jump on the guy, Ult and flay... and there is nothing you can do about it and u can peel your adc like pumpkin!!!!   Do not tell me you are good with thresh, Thresh King, Thresh God, Thresh Small Baby Jesus.   Now before you say: omg you QQ so much     We nerf all mobility, all high CC. Yet this champion is free.     Oh and btw... he is pick %40 of the time... why do you think people pick him ? This champion is simply overpower in every single way. Same with Cait 9000 attack range with an super high escape and a Q that is hard to dodge.     Blitz also have a grab ...easy to tell when he will grab, 2 grabs your OOM, you fail grab ... you throw the game, Ezreal E can jump away from it, You can flash away from blitz after the grab.     Thresh simply have no rules. Hell even if he hook you and he die at the same time ... you are still hooked.
1	Rammus has always been a viable jungler. It's just that more up-front damage champs have been a favourable pick in his position. Usually the top laner (and nowadays the support) will build tanks which leaves you a nice little DPS/offtank role.
1	let me tell you a short story. I play this game since 3 years ("end of season one"-ish). I became a hard rager, didn't looked at my own mistakes, didn't improved that much, "stuck" in gold cuz of that attitude.   I didn't had fun, I just wanted to win and climb. In early season 3 I got banned for the 10th and last time (aka permaban).   I took a break for like 4 weeks and started playing again on my smurf that was already level 30. in the beginning i raged a bit (like "why you do this", "why you do that" etc. but not real rage) and at some point I just stopped. I nearly write nothing anymore and just have fun. Of course I play to win, but when I lose I learn from it and take it as it is - a loss. I am now platin 1 and still climbing.
1	In this video, if you look very close enough, the blind is only fading and Nasus is still blinded when he begins the aa animation. Honestly, if you wanted to make the change that blind worked off of the end of the aa animation instead of the start, it would make him stronger.   The reason for this, is right now, if Teemo tries to trade with a ranged champ, the ranged champ will get one auto attack AFTER the blind hits that is still registered, thus making the trade slightly more even. If it is changed that auto will not go through which would result in Teemo getting his blind auto combo and being able to back out without taking ANY damage.
1	Jungle tanks all the way!  Honestly I do like playing top, but the process of actually getting it is very tedious.  In one out of every 3 draft games where I called top,  someone remembered that he wants to play top right after I locked, so I had to play my half-assed-top-support, so that the team doesn't instantly loose.  This way or another, about once every 20 games I get premades bot, with someone who wants to jungle,  this is when I can finally pick singed and ROFL stomp everything.
0	I was in class a week ago and we had a small assignment due that day. The class is maybe about 30 students with about half showing up daily. This guy who I had never seen before comes in 30 minutes into a 50 minute class and ask if the assignment had been turned in. I told him no. He then asks if I could turn it in for him. I don't even say no I glare at him. He then asks the person next to me and they relent and agree to turn it in. He in turn leaves immediately. I look at the name on the assignment it is the name of a girl in the class who only shows up during exams. I internally flip shit what a lazy bitch. /endrant
1	Now obviously Riot is making money but I hesitate to base any opinion of them based on their finances.  Since they are a private company we don't know their revenue so lets do some quick and dirty math.   A lot of people in this game don't buy anything which means for Riot they are straight losses and every time they log in it costs Riot money.   Lets say it costs .5 cents per hour to run a server for one person (this is not a real number and its probably lower than this but for easy math). Every 40 hrs played it costs Riot $20 per person who doesn't buy anything   For someone who buys one $10 dollar purchase of rp every 40hrs on average Riot loses 10$ per person.   Now lets say you have a person who buys 30$ of rp every 40hrs Riot will gain $10 per person.   Riot lives off of the whales as the gambling industry calls them.  These people will earn Riot say $100 bucks every 40hrs which covers the costs of 5 people who never pay a dime.   Take Riot putting money into E-Sports.  I guarantee that Riot has a graph that shows a huge spike in play time and purchases after LCS, Worlds, OGN, etc.  I personally would not be playing this game nearly as much if I wasn't watching LCS.  So while E-Sports costs quite a bit I know that Riot can see a correlation between spikes in purchases/ play time and LCS.
0	Two stories for this one:   When I was six I beat up a kid by the monkey bars. Years later, I got a phone call from that kid, now an adult, he asked me if I was the girl who beat him up in first grade and I had to think about it. When he said his name it flooded back. I apologized because I was 6 and wtf else can I say?  He said he was calling because he was going to alcoholics anonymous and was forgiving me for doing him wrong all those years ago.  I talked with him for a bit and found out that apparently being beat up by a girl at 6 was the incident that lead him to hating himself and began drinking at 12 years old.   Second story: my high school chemistry partner was kinda a dick to me. He was semi popular and I was not. But he was mean in the ignoring sense, never directly angry or violent.  10 years later, planning the 10th year reunion, I find out he is now a pastor.  Amazing guy and super nice :)
0	Uhh No. You have to have a diploma but there are no specific GPA requirements, the only other qualifcation (intellectually) is to  get above a 36 on the asvab, although the asvab score can be waived, as can the diploma, but you would still have to get a GED to join the military.   Officer Requirements however are completely different and much higher.   Source: About.com/ I'm in the military.
0	I'm sorry if the way I worded my comment was confusing. I am in no way saying that people who succeed based on birthright deserve what they get. I was simply trying to explain a psychological concept that explains that anger at injustice is normal but futile. People spend their whole lives trying to climb out of poverty and some get nowhere and some get out. The ones that get out didn't get out because they deserved the privilege, they got out because they were lucky. The idea of anybody deserving something doesn't function in real life but we, as humans, work to pretend that it does. We tell ourselves that the poor are poor because they were bad people or that the clothing a victim was wearing was the reason she was raped. We see evil as static and unchangeable so we delude ourselves into believing the victims of all hardships are to blame because they are the part of a situation that could have changed.
0	Something similar happen, I was walking around my campus one day with my friends, when suddenly I was stopped by a woman asking for 60$ because she parked on a red lined curb and it's out of gas/it won't move. She then said that she needed gas to drive her father to the hospital since you know....her dad has cancer and needed  INSULIN SHOTS . Anyways, I decline for obvious reasons and she got pissed. So she directed to my friend instead to give her the 60$+40$ because the women's dad needed "insulin shots" for his "cancer". Here's the problem my friend is a soft hearted person, heck he didn't even want to give her the money, but she would not refuse to leave without something. He gave her the money promising to pay it back the next day.   I proceed to tell my friend that this is a scam, but I was abruptly interrupted by the women with the exact word "shut the fuck up". She grabbed the money with haste knowing that I was on to something and booked it saying thanks as she ran to her with her dieased father to the car and literally drove away.
1	I enjoyed the game... ive been a player since beta..... but the game really is kinda dying to my dismay.... The best aspects are AvA and PvP... PVE is imo pretty boring... the defense raids are fairly easy but if anything that was the only PVE i would recommend... overall PVP can give you lots of fun... or frustration... much like LoL.... you can get on a bad team and get steamrolled or you can play with a couple of good guys and roll the other team... there are of course your rare good matches...   Overall ratings:   PvE = 3/10 - fairly boring unless you enjoy that grinding down of mobs continuously and then repeating it again...   PvP = 8/10 I thoroughly enjoy the PvP aspect of the game but i can't give it any higher than an 8 simply for the Queue times and how bad some games can go...   AvA 7/10 another great part of the game, but I can tell you now that it is kinda broken... there are only a couple of big agencies that can steamroll anyone... and then one that just dominates every match because all the good players are in it....   If anyone ever wants to play... ill play with ya and help you get to be at least good... im not the best... but i have played with the best... =)
0	Hello very religious Christian here and all I want to say is, whatever. I accept all people wen if they say my religion is full of crap. In my mind I see that everyone is gods children and we should respect their views and beliefs. But it makes me sad when Christians go insane when someone says they're atheist, muslim, etc. Because it makes the rest of us look bad and we make enemies that way. I don't really care what anyone in r/atheism says because that's their beliefs and I have mine... Can't we all just except that?
0	22, white, male. Healthy weight - we don't have quite the extent of obesity here in the UK as in the US given many redditors are American (most populous English speaking country in the world - makes sense (excl. India)), but don't worry - we're next! - give it 5-7 years and I've no doubt I'll be your stereotypical redditor. I don't see my healthy weight surviving the microwave meals, pizza and beer diet that is par for the course at med school. We're always saying to patients - healthy diet, low fat, high nutrients, exercise - after which we usually go home, have a pizza, have a smoke on the way back to hospital, count the aforementioned 5 min walk as "exercise", and begin the night shift with the pager bleeping. We're enormous hypocrites.
0	OP's question is valid. Because if your statement is true, then why not just buy yourself gold? Then you'd be supporting reddit AND you get to enjoy extra things on here.
1	Is not this simpler? Is this not your natural state? It's the unspoken truth of humanity, that you crave subjugation. The bright lure of freedom diminishes your life's joy in a mad scramble for power, for identity. You were made to be ruled. In the end, you will always kneel.
0	I was big into math when i was a kid, i would sit in my kitchen with notebooks full of math problems instead of playing video games and such (i mean i also played video games but still), ANYWAYS, This shit used to happen to me ALL the time, i would never show work cause i did it in my head and i would use multiplication etc instead of basic addition and always got marked wrong, parents were not happy, which in tern made the teacher not happy when she got yelled at. around 4th grade they start to accept that your child is good at math and they sort of stop doing that, will always be marked wrong for not showing work sadly. like it was my fault my brain works.
1	forced to afk. Nobody forced you to do anything. You speak of maturity yet you go afk in a game because of 2 randomers harming 2 innocent people because of your vanity, next time just mute them and move on I do hope you got reported and banned for afking in a ranked game. People like you are the reason I stopped playing this game, it's so impossible to enjoy the game when people just go afk in the middle of it.
1	I responded below but in ANY competitive sport, you do this both as a winner and loser no matter what for several reason. One is to show that those who did stay and play (instead of quitting) tried their best. Would you rather they call you noobs and tell you to uninstall? Two, both winners and losers shouldn't let one battle/game get to them and to keep their cool. How would it look like for those in the LCS to storm off after losing badly?
1	Every single game all i see is games getting turned around by bad Baron calls.. All the time baron baron baron why is there so much stupid shit going on at baron? Someone goes in alone or 2v5 just to TRY and pick up an "awesome steal" but instead they give them another extra 300g + assist gold 9 out of 10 times and give the enemies easy mode push 5v4 with baron.   Even if the enemy has baron you can beat them if you are 5v5 because they were so ahead in the game. But everytime there's something going on with baron there's a disadvantageous fight, a forced fight a baited fight a fight they shouldn't pick or a fight they aren't prepared for (enemy have pots and they dont f.ex).
0	I cant tell what pisses me off more; the fact that she betrayed me and probably used me the majority of the time we were together or the fact that I fucking love this flat and now all I can do when I come home is be reminded of her."   Two years down the drain, but at least she is gone.  Regret is a great motivator for her at this point.  Life will be much more difficult unless she finds a new guy to take care of her.  It is easy to regret losing an easy life, and having to inconvenience her friends, and having much less disposable income.  This is a cold dunk of reality for her that her choices have consequences that can make her life much more difficult.  You are actually doing her a favor, by introducing her to the realm of consequence... It is not likely that she will stop being a cheater,  but in the future, she will think about what she is risking when she cheats on her man.  I have been devastated twice by women, and it took both experiences to show me that what is important, is liking myself, knowing myself, and knowing that when I choose something, it is because it is what is right for me.   You are in a time of adjustment where you will be looking for ways to fill the hole that she used to fill in your life.  It is critical that you focus on positive and constructive choices for yourself.  Get into martial arts, go to the gym, write a book, or something constructive with this time that you are getting over her.  You are doing a good job to get her completely out of your life.  After you have calmed down and are feeling better about your life, you might be able to expose yourself to her, but for now, you are doing the right thing by keeping her away from you.   I have watched a lot of debates between religious people and scientists, and one thing that I have consistently noticed, is that people can be very effective with rhetoric and manipulation when they don't want to acknowledge real world facts.  This is the same in relationships.  People can use the most incredible eloquence when they are motivated by a selfish, single minded desire to achieve something... but they rarely acknowledge how shitty their own actions are and how they were a complete betrayal of trust and a deal breaker in the relationship.   My question to her would be, "If you actually believed that we could work past this "hurdle" in our relationship, why didn't you let me know that you were going to do it, BEFORE you slept with someone else.  You did it the way that you did it because you knew that it was something that I couldn't forgive or forget, and you know what?  You were right.  Good bye!"  Anything beyond that and you could end up saying or doing something that you may regret, because you are dealing with the pain frustration and anger of a betrayal by the closest person in your life.   EDIT:
1	This is why the Reddit hivemind is dumb. The comment is downvoted? Lol,
1	I like LMQ as a team, they got great personalities and I could see from the hype video they work hard so they do deserve their place at world's.   Nevertheless, they are not an NA team, they are a Chinese team with Chinese players who are playing in a region besides their own.   But that doesn't mean they shouldn't be allowed to represent NA at world's. Because they still earned their place by beating all of the other NA teams, therefore there isn't anything wrong with this whole situation. LMQ worked their asses off from Challenger play offs all the way to the top of LCS, that's impressive by any standards.   The only reason why there would be something wrong is if LMQ goes to world's through NA LCS then say they're representing China. But that's not the case, they're representing NA because that's who they are now.
0	But two people only one standard deviation from the center on each side vary by 320 calories burned per day. In only 11 days, the person with the lower metabolism will have gained one more pound than the other person (assuming exact same diet and level of activity). A pound every week and a half really adds up over the years.
1	You are implying said people are playing to win, and in the end league of legends is a game and people can enjoy it how they so wish. Problem with LoL is there really isn't a "let's just fuck around queue' other than Arams(?) so these people who want to play the game in a different way will end up against players who are taking it seriously or playing the 'objective'.   Take Call of Duty for example. A game type like domination, I have no interest in capping any kind of flag, I just want to kill people for a bit, the end result I care little. Maybe that will help you to realise the mindset here.   (I'm not saying it's right or wrong, that isn't my concern)
0	Was a maybe a couple of years old kid with his mother on the same bus as me, crying  constantly  for 15+ minutes. Why? Because he wanted a gum. He wanted it now. He wanted a gum. Crying that for 15+ minutes. PLEASE don't create those monsters. Even if the mother didn't give it to him during the trip I dare guess that behavior usually worked for the kid. Keep treating your kids like babies and they will act like babies.
1	I completely agree with your positions, I also wanted to point out that the decisions to take Wards away and making the distance to tower longer was to encourage ganking as well as team fights. changing the dynamic of the game from a passive low risk, low reward meta to a more active high risk, high reward, encouraging more interesting spectator matches, as well as opening up new strategies that would be unique to this map.   all this changes make for this maps unique identity, separating it from the idea that it is just a Summoners Rift with less players and creating its own team dynamics, valance, composition, and strategy. similar to what happened with Dominion.
0	There are millions of undiagnosed spergians out there. Guy at the college for people on disability i went to was one of the most autistic people i have ever met but he was there because he had migraines. He also refused to believe he had any form of autism.
1	So, I don't think that they should have split 7 ways but lets compare from the 2 possible scenarios here:   Split  480,000  in  5 Ways  with 10,000 going to each sub results in  96,000  to starters   Game Changer: Garena boss says "you get the million, but it has to go to all 7 because that's the CONTRACT"   Split  1,000,000  in  7 Ways  results in  143,000  To each player.
1	Im probably going to catch a lot of flak for this, but I know Gleeb isn't the problem with TSM. Sure, this game he didn't play awesome like he normally does, but he had a lot of key bindings that saved TSM from losing. He pretty much nullified the Westrice tp mid, kept Westrice from diving to the back line a lot, and IMO most importantly landed the biding onto, again, Westrice when they pushed the top lane inhib. This binding caused Bubba to burn his Mikael's in order to save Westrice. This means Bubbs didn't have it for when Gleeb landed the binding following Bjersen stun onto pr0lly and killing pr0lly. IMO, this caused them to finally close out the game.   The real problem is with Amazing. He is known for his Lee Sin, it is his most played champ, and Lee Sin is extremely early-game oriented. The problem is that Amazing consistently, regardless of champ, makes one move early that puts TSM slightly ahead and then just farms for 15-20 minutes. He was able to steal the red from Kez, but with a buff advantage was still unable to get off a single successful gank during the first 25 minutes of the game. Kez, on the other hand, was able to go top to a lane that was already winning and grab first blood on Dyrus for Westrice. This put the already winning top lane further ahead. Meanwhile, Amazing walks into lane bot, takes some CS, and goes back to farming.   Again, IMO, the only good things he did that game were secure almost uncontested smites and have that one kick where he q'd to a minion and flashed to kick Westrice back and snag a kill.   TSM was known in the past for relying on laning phase and early advantages to snowball into a win. They were able to pull it off because they had TheOddOne babysit mid where they were able to play snowbally champs and get multiple kills. TheOddOne would most of the time be behind the other jungler because he would spend time ganking mid and top while Turtle and XSpecial were able to win bot. They wanted that same playstyle when they picked up Amazing, who mains an extremely strong early game ganking jungler, but instead all they got was a teammate who picks junglers that are early game oriented and scale poorly into the late game and all he does is disregard lanes, acquire jungle money.   Everyone is aiming hate at Gleeb for the way he played this game, but Amazing was literally less relevant than Westrice this game and a lot of other games in the past. The reason TSM isn't at the very top of the standings is because for most of the split, they have been fighting a 4v5.
1	Once I got trashtalked by a wukong top when I ended up feeding my lane. I told him I messed up and that I'm not as pro as him and that I play normals for a reason. Suprisingly enough he apologized too and said he had been in so many games already where people would feed, like I did, but tell everyone they are trash, go afk or just intentionally feeding because "we can't win now GG noob lane feed riven 6/0".
0	I have a similar story. I drove to Columbus, OH with some friends a few summers ago. One night we were driving back to our hotel and I made a u-turn and was driving in the shoulder a bit. I saw flashing lights in the rearview mirror so I pulled over. I had made an illegal u-turn without knowing it (in my state you can make a u-turn anywhere unless a sign tells you that you can't). I said we were just going back to our hotel. The cop was very nice to us, and asked if we knew that we were staying in a very dangerous hotel. He also informed us that a few hours ago someone was shot dead about a block from where we were staying, and that our hotel is well known for major drug trafficking in the area. Boy was he right. About an hour later I was on the phone in the hallway of the hotel and two very scary men, who barely spoke english, asked me repeatedly if I had seen anyone in the hallway and that they were looking for crack. They seemed frustrated that I didn't have any answers for them and I was pretty freaked out. One of the scarier moments of my life.
1	Yes, but there are two points to this. The first is that LoL is about team cohesion, which the "sticks and stones" have a negative impact on and make it far more difficult to win. The second is that I would say that approximately 60% of my losses occur when something bad happens (be it someone dying stupidly, etc) and a person on my team starts raging and flaming instead of being constructive, at which point the game usually degenerates into one big unstoppable argument and we lose.
0	I took three years of engineering college.  I finished all but a couple "core" classes.  I never plan on being employed as an engineer.  So I tried to transfer from engineering to business so I could get some more training in a field relevant to what I want to do.  I was denied my transfer and I'd rather not waste another year-18 months of my life finishing up an engineering degree learning a bunch of stuff I'm actually never going to use (not like basic chemistry or calculus, but some pretty advanced stuff).  I really am glad I took most of those first three years of college, but I really don't need to learn a lot of really advanced engineering techniques.  My time is better spent employed in retail getting better at sales and customer interactions while trying to grow my own skate company in the rest of my time.   The trick is that even though I'm not in school I haven't stopped learning.  I got a job in retail on purpose.  I wanted to get better at making sales.  I would prefer to self-employ for the rest of my time and I find myself drawn to the "sell things" side of the industry.  People will always want and buy things.  I know how to design things and get them made thanks to my basic engineering knowledge.  Thanks to my startup experience I know how to work with a team of engineers to get a product designed and find a manufacturer to get it made.   Thanks to a couple comm classes I've gotten a lot better at crafting the language I use and it's helped but there are still things I don't know.   I don't know real business theory.  I know that if you sell things to people and make money in the middle you can make a business happen.  But I haven't taken a single formal business class.  I took a couple "entrepreneurship" classes along the way that were helpful but nothing I hadn't learned from outside areas already.  (my uncle is an entrepreneur and I worked with him on several of his companies)   I also don't know much about management from a manager's perspective.  But ever since I've made the decision to own companies I've realized that learning how to promote a healthy and productive work environment is a difficult and rare skill.  It would be interesting to take classes on the psychology of management.  At my job I have rotating interactions with 5 different managers and have a great opportunity to study what seems to be working and what doesn't.   So here's a
0	You joke but I was fired from a job because I found a method of doing that job that was about 18x faster and still more accurate as well. I was doing it my way and got raises and praise for the work I was doing in the position compared to how the company was prior to my hire.   Then one day my boss saw how I was doing the work and confronted me that it wasn't how I was trained.  I showed him calculations comparing it's efficiency to the old way and explained that in the free time I had I double checked all the old data that existed prior to my hire and found that there methods had caused about 10% of it to be wrong all together.   They explained that it's important to do your job as your instructed and when I tried to argue that they were losing money and time this way they decided to let me go the next time I walked in 5 minutes late.  I later heard through the grape vine that they stole my ideas as well as software I had written in my free time to perform my method and are having the new hire do it that way.
1	Little question: What means
0	I started eating more than my daily calories.   When I was.. 18 or so I weighed 130 lbs @ 5'10". I could bench press 80lbs. Overhead press was 45lbs for one rep. I ate around 2000-2500 calories a day I think. I didn't workout often and my school "P.E" program only included cardio.   Then I started living at college. I had always eaten until the food was gone. My college had an all-you-can-eat buffet... so I did. I ate 3000 calories a day for a while, built up to 4,000. I eat almost ANYTHING now. I drink a half gallon of milk on any day I work out. I do the big 3 lifts+ overhead every single week, even if I have the flu.   I am still 5'10" but weigh 170 today. Of the 40lbs I gained about 35 of it is muscle/other lean tissue. I was what you would call "skinny-fat". I now bench 180 and overhead press 120 or so... and that is after I cracked a rib and had to stop benching for a couple months. My old photo I.D. looks nothing like what I am now. I really wish I had before pics. On my current exercise regimen I am gaining 5 lbs a week on bench and 10 on deadlift/squat. 2.5 on Overhead. Not sure how long it will last.
1	play more games.  since you're not a troll, you have a 20% lowered likelihood to encounter one every game you play. if you duo, it goes up to 40% reduced likelihood.  given enough data points, this advantage will add up over time and result in more wins.     be nice and encourage everyone.  some people don't go into games specifically to troll.  instead they go in and quickly get down 0/2/0 and their team yells at them.  then they say "fuck it" and proceed to troll.  this way they can feel better about themselves when they lose because they "trolled and didn't try hard".     if you do 1 and 2 and you're still in ~1000 Elo, you belong there.  accept it and move on.
1	Oh, I also forgot Ashe. Sure, she's got some tits, but it's not like they're a feature. Caitlyn has the corset and she looks good but I wouldn't call her sexualized at all. Cass has the "seductress" thing going which is part of the whole Medusa vibe. Eve is intentionally sexualized because she has the whole hunter/stalker burlesque thing which is a part of her character and is designed to lure men in so that she can kill them. Ezreal I can't make excuses for. That just bleeds sex. Janna has the whole ethereal grace thing going for her but who can blame a wind-mage for dressing skimpy? Wouldn't call her sexualized. Katarina has boobs. Kayle's a damn Valkyrie. Even with the breastplate she's more likely to kill you than look at you. She isn't sexual in story or (in my opinion) aesthetics. Leona, too. I wouldn't call her sexualized at all, unless you count having breasts and wearing armor designed for women as being sexualized. LeBlanc is a bit skimpy. MF is designed to be a bimbo. Her story is that she survives in a male world by wooing pirates with her "wares" in order to find her parent's killers. She sexualizes herself intentionally but is a total cold badass. Morgana has tits and shows them. Yowza, them's some tits. Nidalee lives in a jungle. Loincloth is a must. If it were a guy there would be no accusations tossed its way. Can't speak for the maid outfit, though. Sivir is a rich bitch who happens to have tits. Nothing about her is sexualized besides dressing like Xena, one of the strongest feminist characters created in TV history. Sona is a dumb, mute whore with no excuse for being sultry. Shame on her. Not really. Soraka is Soraka and I'm sure that someone finds that neat. Besides for the heels, Vayne's pretty utilitarian (night hunter, etc.).   Minority? I disagree. In fact, I think that Riot has done a great job in creating a diverse, character-rich cast of strong female characters that Joss Whedon would be proud to make a series out of.   Long post is long:
0	would just like to point out, her logic kinda played out to prove her right. no step father's molested her daughter. now that her daughter is grown too, you probably haven't even thought of it before.
0	When I was younger me and a girl were fooling around and she had told me that no one was to be coming home until that night. Some time goes by and I hear her front door open. So I jump up and was so scared of getting caught that I threw on her jeans. (I came in shorts) She runs and shuts her door and yells out "I'm getting changed", turns around and starts busting out laughing. They were way too small and barely went past my knees. Luckily it was her sister who had come I'm the house saw the door shut and asked what was so funny. After we got on the correct clothes she opens the door and her sister comes in and sees me sitting on the bed. He sister says " you could have just told me you were busy". And we just laugh and explain to her sister what happened. Glad she was cool about it. Could have ended worse.
1	i got went from silver 5 to gold 1 playing smite teleport jungle ad master yi.   i just ignored my team and took 8 towers and 2 inhibitors everygame   everybody on both teams hated me lol.  that rage is what eventually led me to quit playing yi
0	When I was young, maybe around 7 or 8, I entered a department store with my mother there was, what I thought to be a mannequin at the front. It was wearing a NIKE windbreaker but some of the letters over the breast were creased over and I couldnt read it. Curious, I reached up to flatten the lettering out. Turns out it was a woman. She wasn't pleased.
1	wtf are you idiots trashtalking a nice person who tries to help some people that maybe actually want his help and even if theyre on the same level like u suggested they can still learn from each other so stop trashtalking nice   guys in the league of legends community
1	I feel so sorry for EU team after reading today's comments on reddit. I get it, many of us were rooting for them and are very disappointed today, that's normal, it just shows how big of a fan you are. However, turning disappointment into anger is not cool. They didn't win, it sucks, but it doesn't mean we need to find exactly who to blame and then flame the shit out of them.   Don't you think it sucks enough for these players (and Harry, he's getting flamed aswell) that they lost a match so hyped. Don't you think they know they disappointed EU fans. Don't you think they're frustrated by the fact they didn't get to train enough. Then imagine one of them coming to reddit and reading about how they're lazy, how they didn't even want to be there, how they didn't care, how X players should've been voted instead of them. Especially since quite a few things (like trouble with organizing scrims, visa issues) might've been out of their control. Flaming the shit out of them won't suddenly make EU win, and it won't make either you or the players feel better.
1	Not a bad idea, but not that necessary tbh. If you position yourself well then you can be in position to grab or zone the enemies in lane without being in range of minions with your ults passive.   If you do need to be in range of the minions, you can usually locate yourself to minimize the chances of your ult proccing on a low HP minion. Sure occasionally you may take a minion or 2 when engaging/fighting, but that isn't that big a deal.
0	I live on base so I know quite a few wives and girlfriends. Of all the ones I know, one has cheated, and the rest of us cut her out. We hate it just as much, if not more than the guys because it gives us a terrible name. I can't tell you how many people have told me I would cheat on my husband. And have I? No, because I'm actually a decent human being. Yes, I know. It is crazy those exist.
0	I'll probably get internet punched in the taint for what I'm about to write but I guess that's just what comes with being on the internet.   Sometimes you love someone. That person you love is a beautiful flower, you water that flower every damn day for the first 6 months or so. Then the flower gets weeds growing with it. Goddamn weeds. So you pull those weeds and the flower is no longer surrounded by the ugliness and all you see is its pure beauty once again. But guess what, those weeds, those mother fuckers come back. Seems you didn't get their roots, shoulda dug deeper. But maybe you thought that if you got the ugliness on the surface to disappear then everything would be fine. You were wrong. You were so very wrong.   You see this flower is still beautiful and you continue to water it, just not every day, maybe a couple times a week. Sometimes the flower doesnt want you to water it. Sometimes the flower gets upset that you want more to just water it than to pull the weeds. But it's so much easier to just water it and let the weeds deal with themselves. The flower starts to close its pedals. You try to get them to open back up and they do, but then they close again. While that flower is still beautiful to you it makes you sad that the flower no longer wants you to water it and to be the one to take care of it.   The weeds come back. This time you spray weed killer on them and pull them from the ground. Fuck, you didnt get deep enough again for those damn roots. Or maybe you did. Unfortunately the roots have already damaged your flower. Even though you got to them it was too late. The damage was done. Your flower is dying. You try everything. Water, miracle grow, more sun light, anything you can think of. You talk to it, wonder what is going on in the flowers head but you cant seem to bring the flower back to how radiant and happy it was when you first started watering it. Yet in your eyes that flower is just as beautiful as the day you first layed eyes on it. You still love that flower, so very much.   The flower closes up again. It starts blaming you for why its not the same anymore, why she doesnt want you to water her anymore. But you have been watering this flower for three and a half years and she wants you to still care for her. But her roots are damaged and you cant fix them. When its cloudy the flower really gets upset, somehow the clouds are your fault but you have no idea how or what you did to make it your fault. Clouds, weeds, pests eating her pedals, too much water, not enough water; these are all your fault.   You dont know how to fix things. You are so fucking sad because every other flower you watered up until this point has died. You must hold on you tell yourself. Maybe if you get out of your garden and just take a look at other gardens that wont hurt. Afterall your flower got so upset and refuses to talk with you and tells you that she doesnt want you to water her anymore. This has happened a few times before but it always seems that you make things better after a few days and things will blow over like before. Youre outlook is slightly different this time because the flower said some very hurtful things. Youve kept things inside for too long and let them build up.   You decide to take a walk with a friend that night. He leads you to a garden full of beautiful flowers. All kinds. There are roses, tulips, lilies, daisies, orchidsits been a while since you watered orchids. One rose in particular would love to be watered by you. She listens to your problems with your flower at home. How your flower doesnt like the way you water her. How she doesnt like your muddy boots, doesnt care for the way you sing to her. But this rose loves all those things and thinks that you are an amazing gardener. So you stay up all night with this rose and talk and laugh and after many drinks you water this rose.   Feelings of immediate regret and self-loathing serge through your veins and take over your body. You run from that garden. As fast as you can. Why would you do that? How could you water another flower? You weep. Your body convulses with shame and sadness. You go home to your garden, not sure of what to do. You dont want to hurt the flower that you have loved for three plus years. So you dont tell her what happened. But things are different. You dont try and water your flower for weeks. You cant sleep. You cant look at the person thats in the mirror. You lose 10 pounds cause you cant eat. Then one day you cant take it anymore and you sit down next to your flower and tell her what you did. You see the look in her eyes when you tell her that you watered another flower that was not her. That look will be forever burned into your memory and every time you think of her you picture that look of heartbreak in her eyes. It breaks you apart inside, and forever will.   The flower dies. At least the relationship you had with her. You leave. Nothing more to give. You dont deserve to have watered such a beautiful flower.   I started out writing this to justify a very few certain circumstances where cheating isnt as one sided and horrible. But in writing this I remember how fucking shitty and what bullshit unfaithfulness is. Some people say that the worst feeling is being cheated on. They havent experienced the pain of looking someone that you love in the eyes and telling them of your infidelities. Now some people say if you really loved someone you wouldnt have cheated. Sometimes people are weak. Sometimes they can be spiteful. Sometimes they let too much shit build up and dont address underlying issues. Sometimes you do shit and regret it and hate yourself for it. Sometimes its something that you regret for the rest of your entire life.
0	I know that hurt, bro.   When I was in high school a girl I knew asked if I could tutor her in Spanish. I said, "Well, I'm getting an A but I really am not very good at Spanish."  A week or so later she told me during school that she wanted to hang out with me that afternoon and was going to come over.  I laughed it off.  She came over and I told her that I was going to see The Day After Tomorrow with some friends.  She walked home.  We didn't really talk after that.
1	I think riot should make a Urgot rework based around the drawing. Instead of having Urgot as an ranged ad bruiser they could make him just a melee bruiser. Also making him a support wouldn't be a bad idea either. Generally I think Urgot isent played because of his looks, his lore is bad ass, his kit, I think, is bad ass and same goes for his voice. Only problem is how he looks. Change the lore, change a few ability, his play would go up a shit ton.
1	It allowed you to select 10v10, but no one would ever load in- The max we managed was 6v6.   Here is the first game experimented with this:   Carbonitex was the one who first found the exploit, and later started releasing it for everyone a few weeks later. My group just looked into how he did it and realized everything setting up the custom game was from your local side. We were the only ones hosting the 6v6 TT before the public release. Riot then changed it to be server sided once Carbonitex was doing weekly releases on his client.   The problem for Riot was server load. Especially before when we kept trying numbers over 6+, custom games would break and not just the one you were in. You'd experience server lag, etc.
1	meinlfan, i think you didnt get the point clarke was aiming at.   I started around a year ago playing league and it was my first moba.  after reaching level 30 i had no itentions playing ranked, despite the fact in normals, random players in my team called my "fucking unranked noob", when i did mistakes (guess thats how the community works).   I'm a really competitive player and i hate loosing, if I compete i want to win and i get really angry if i lose :D so ranked somehow stressed me in S3 and i played like 6 games in my provisionals and then stopped. Thats the reason why im unranked S3.   We continued playing normals with a few friends and i started playing different roles and different chmpions and i found a few that i really liked. I started watching LCS and became interested in the Game/Champ mechanics and my interest in the game really grew a half year ago.   I watched a lot videos/streams from voyboy, Bjergsen, Wingsofdeath, Nightblue, OddOne to learn those mechanics and the essential Game knowledge i didnt have at this point. And it really helped me a lot. I started playing with smartcast, had knowledge about buff and camp spawns, vision, creep waves, efficent farming under tower and so on.   In short my Gameplay improved A LOT!   With the Beginning of S4 i felt like i want to know where my place in league is and (i had around 1000 normals at that point with 530/470 or something) started my provisional matches and ended it with 5/5 in Silver 5. Playing ranked at that point really stressed my and i felt bad when i lost a game. I was under pressure   I dropped to Bronze 1 a month later because of inactivity, i played a lot of normal games that time and had no intention to play ranked because it really stressed me.   Two month ago i started Duo-Qing (1400 normals at that time - 700/670 or something). I felt my knowledge was very high, i had improved on every lane even further, so i went into those games without calling a specific role:  " hi team :) can fill :) "   i worked really well and guess what? here is what sepereates me from meinlfan, it was a walkthrough to platinum 5!   i skipped a few division, gained +25 LP on a win and lost -5-10 LP on a loss and won every promotion straight to platinum 5. After around 100 ranked games i reached Platinum, it felt so great.  And here is Clarkes point! i have improved in normals to a point were i felt good enough to reach a high elo in ranked. Those high number of normals gave me knowledge/confidence/mechanics and even took the fear of playing ranked.   Its two different ways to improve in ranked and reach Silver 1 after more than 200 games (as an example) or improve in normals to a certain point and reach  platinum 5 after 100 games (as an example) Its up to you which way you choose, you invest your time in both ways!   Edit1:
1	1) In the specific situation you're talking about, if the enemy team is stacking MR as ahri you should be building sorc shoes (as always) and abyssal scepter is also very strong on ahri. In general, if you're not playing a tank, last whisper and void staff should almost always be a part of your full build (especially if mid or adc)   2) I dont know what kind of champions you play, but zed is really hard to deal with on pretty much any squishy. If you're playing an AP, make sure you get a scholar's armguard and an early zhonya's, this lets you dodge his ult's damage with the active really easily in addition to having armor. The thing about zed is that his skill cap is immense, so he can pull off some really amazing outplays (i.e. [this play by bischu])( so it's hard to say how to really deal with him. If you're playing ADC, it's really important to buy a QSS against Zed, as it removes his ult entirely.   3) Vision. If you're ahead, as you push up the map and take towers, your wards should be getting further and further up (i.e. once you take outer towers, you should have wards in their jungle). It's super important for supports to have oracles, right now it's really good because of it not disappearing on death. Also, NEVER do baron unless either they have people dead or you have vision of one or more players in bot lane or their base who doesn't have teleport. Getting a baron stolen or getting engaged on off of baron is one of the most common ways to throw the game. One more thing, NEVER go alone late game unless you're splitpushing. If you're going to ward baron or clear it as support, for example, you generally shouldn't go alone, as there's a really high chance you'll be walking over enemy wards.   That was really long...
1	The funny thing is...you're thinking of problems that would need to be fixed. Many people see solutions for the problems you see. The real problem is there are problems we can't even comprehend, ie what sort of stat tracking can the client provide, a way to figure out when laning ends, etc.   Even the simplest shit like 'don't lose elo in a 4v5' people are afraid of implementing because of things that would be so easy to fix. 'Oh, duo queues', 'oh more reason to troll'. That stuff would be  so easy to counteract . It's a sad system when something the community  universally agrees is terrible  (playing a 4v5) doesn't get selected against as a part of elo. It's literally the most simplified system there is.   Also the fact that you lose / gain more elo your first games...it's just so stupid that someone playing their first fifteen ranked games can impact their elo in such a way they have to play another couple hundred where they are the single best player just to get to where they were when they started out.   It's past the point where we should be asking Riot for a new ranked system. They're too profit-oriented and understaffed to do something like that. What we really need is an automated 3rd-party ladder / tournament system. Solo queue is solo queue, this would be something different:   1) A binding clause saying that you will never purposefully troll, feed or shit talk, or you are permanently banned.  2) That you will communicate with your team.  3) That you will not argue with your team if they disagree with stuff like roaming Eve or Leona Jarv bot.  4) Duo queues are only available if the two of you are within  x amount of  ranking system  here.  5) Play so that your team wins, or don't play at all.  6) A report / commendation system to help admins determine whether or not players are matched up skill-wise where they need to be/   Past that, in terms of actually giving people rankings:   1) Add a stat tracking system that pulls as much info as possible out of the spectator mode, and see what trends you can pull out of it.  2) Allow moderators to adjust player rankings and stats (ie, a loss because two players DC'd and the other team took 30s to push down mid).  3) Complex, per-role rankings. If you get to 2k elo playing Amumu, it sure as shit doesn't make you a good Ashe. I tanked my elo on my main by ~250 by playing solo top, which is a role that I've never wanted to learn. I honestly play at the average 1500 players skill level in terms of pushing, freezing, trades, counterpicking / number of heroes I play. Why is it that I need to decide if I want to get crushed solo top in the 1800s, or have boring games as AP mid in the 1500s?
0	Speaking about what companies do and don't want as if they are one giant collective isn't very logical.  Some do care, some don't care.  In my personal experience my passion/"extracurricular education" has in one way or another gotten me into most of my jobs...which is good for me, cause I like working in environments that value passion.
1	It's not radically new, it's what people already do except that you're saying bottom is a roamer who can jungle instead of a support.   The counter to excessive roaming is to have your 2v1 bottom push tower down (not zone it, as some people initially think, since it just means you have 1 zoned lane against 2 zoned lanes and a camped jungle.) There is a misconception that you should zone bottom. One of the reasons the Euro carry+support destroyed the American roamer bottom meta was because the Euro lane could crush the tower too fast 2v1.   Also, at high tier play, any time you switch lane set ups, your opponent tends to switch them too, and usually ends up ahead somehow--see: any of the 5 times somebody tries to run a kill lane vs CLG, only to find CLG's carry and support mid or top.   I think your plan is somewhat valid however it's not really "new meta" material because first of all, if both teams are doing this, it would just be silly, and second of all, since Team A has two junglers who are usually on opposite sides of the map, it creates a problem where Team B will be able to outnumber you on bottom/east most of the time. So if Team B's jungler runs into Team A's counterjungler somewhere, Team B's support+carry can peel off and help hunt him down for an unequal fight--and considering how hard it will be for Team A's 2v1 bottom to get past his pushed creep wave, it may indeed be a very lopsided fight.
0	I mean assuming its caffeine only that he is measuring the spoons could be fine.   I do the same with ketamine.  Get out the spoon, fill to brim, then weigh it on a milligram scale.  Usually weighs out to be 100mg for me ... Which is perfect usually.  After measuring the initial dose of that batch I just use the spoon.   However density does vary greatly.  Speed, 2c-b, cocaine, and others have varying densities ... Which is why not having a milligram scale is dumb.
0	Look, we've had this discussion before many times. In essence, we've decided that, although the picture is not a frame of the actual quote, it is the best picture we have that represents the idea behind the quote. A screencap during Walter's rant doesn't mean anything without the other 599 frames surrounding it, but the image we've taken to using does a better job of conveying the message.
0	THIS. So true.   It seems like NO ONE likes gypsies. One of my favorite teachers in high school, during a conversation where we discussed the relative equality that has developed over the last 150 years, in response to, "It's like there aren't any specific "groups" that people hate anymore." said, "Except gypsies, everybody hates gypsies." And she meant it. She actually disliked gypsies.   I've never personally been robbed by gypsies but I HAVE been intimidated, mocked, threatened, and robbed by black guys and I STILL know that doesn't make it okay to dislike or discriminate against them. For some reason gypsies are never given the same respect and consideration afforded to every single other minority/persecuted group out there.
0	Please report the dog to the police/animal control.  I've been in a similar situation.  My dog who isn't all that small was attacked by an animal of similar size when we went out walking one night.   The attacking dog broke loose from its owner after seeing my dog and just went right into attack mode.  I had to physically remove the attacking dog to get it to let go of my dog, and then lead my dog away. I was in pure protect mode and probably could have easily been bitten.   The owner was very apologetic and offered to pay for the vet bills and everything.  My dog had a few puncture wounds from the dog's bites.  The Vet urged me to make the call to the police to make sure that the attack was on record.   Turns out the owner had several other dogs removed from his home and euthanized for attacking other dogs and people.  He was forbidden by the city to have any more dogs in the city and was arrested the next day.
1	The best thing to do is let people try champions out, and not everyone be forced onto ashe, yes i was forced onto ashe by a riot pop up screen 3 years ago.
0	Speaking from personal experience, black bears are only extremely dangerous if you come across a mother and its cubs. In most other cases, you simply have a curious bear looking for something to eat.   Black bears (that aren't taking care of cubs) are quite cowardly. It's easy to scare them off with loud noises and aggressive behaviour. You can even chase THEM! (Mind you that I recommend a group of 3 or more to safely chase them away) Don't let them get up in your shit and show that bear who's boss!   A grizzly on the other hand; either hope this isn't your last hour or at least try running downhill.   Source: Working summers at a wilderness camp where we chase away black bears often. Over 30 incidents one year.
1	I want to share some insight on Lee Sin in midlane,i've asked some people about what they think about him and most of them dont have high hopes,they think he sucks so i would like to hear ur guys opinions and share my thoughs.   So basically Lee Sin is a snowballer that scales superhard in midgame if allowed the lead,if you jungle with him you will most likely not get that early lead nor farm and you will HAVE to build tanky so you can scale into late game and lee tbh isnt the best tank,there are way better tanks out there.   Top lane lee sin on the other hand has the farm and the ability to snowball hard in lane and be able to build damage items (my opinion about items is Hydra-LW and full tank so you can scale into late game and still be a damage threat)but we all know that toplane is lonely and most games not much happen up there teamfight-wise.   And to get to the intresting stuff,midlane.It is basically like toplane BUT he can ROAM and we all know how good he is at that,its basically like a lee sin jungle but deadlier,so if you have the team comp and the counter he is a great addition (greater than the other 2 roles i feel like)
1	Not everyone is trying to be a pro. Secondly, this is a video game and almost anyone who is intelligent enough and puts in like 8 hours a day to LoL will without a doubt hit diamond+ and higher. Its just 99% of the playerbase has school, University, work, whatever and cannot commit to this.   When you look at teams like ALT, Ld, CW who within their first season were #1 in the LCS at some point, you can see how pros are not out of reach for new teams and likewise there are PLENTY of high elo soloq players who have beat and continue to beat pros. I would guess there are thousands of Diamond 1/challenger players who lack experience or the right team to actually go pro.   So
0	There are plenty of ways to read small text   Ya, but lazy.   >
1	Low ELO Players :
0	I have a harsher opinion of fat people who let their kids eat the same junk that gave everyone in their family diabetes. At least being grossly fat impedes fertility, while smoking limits pregnancy prevention options (a woman who smokes puts herself at risk of blood clots if she takes birth control pills).
1	Yo wall of text inc.   Basically think about the game in terms of towers and map pressure, champions are merely resources just like minions are. When the enemy team utilizes resources for a 4 man gank on bottom lane, you have to make them pay for it by taking a turret or possibly 2 from the other lanes. A lot of the time (and I have seen this all the way from gold to diamond games) in soloQ they will expend a lot of resources for a gank or a dragon attempt and people will just freeze their lane.   Literally, freeze their lane and complain that they did so well in cs but still lost. You lost because you didn't apply pressure, you lost because you were a resource that wasn't being utilized. When a team can successfully utilize all 5 of their champions in an efficient way, they have a very large chance of winning regardless of mechanical skill.   This is also why aggression is very effective in soloQ, if you can shove to the enemy turret and harass your enemy or kill them AND draw jungle pressure then you have drawn 2 resources to deal with your teams 1. This opens up opportunities for your other lanes to be aggressive, your jungler is free to counterjungle, you have a chance to take dragon or baron depending, and pressure turrets.   Also another thing that people forget is that even if you are up 50 kills on them at 50 minutes in, if half of your team gets caught or even just one or two of you, you will lose inhibitors, baron and quite possibly the game. It doesn't matter how fed you are unless you trade your life for more than what it's worth (2+ champions at that game time or an inhibitor basically)   Another thing, I was watching Hotshot's stream one day and he said something that really resonated with me: "Any time you aren't farming, getting gold or denying your opponent you are actively losing your team the game". This idea completely blew me away but it made perfect sense. All those times you wander mid through their wards to try and gank, you are losing your team the game. All the time it takes to walk back to lane is time wasted. All the free autos you didn't take on your enemy was wasted gold. Every time you walk through the jungle and don't take the camps along the way is gold being thrown down the drain.
1	In that case it has to give both AP and AD and only champ that i can see that favours Mixed dmg is akali whould be useless on other champs (Plz ad on kayle is useless w/o crit and in that case the ap isnt needed) Jax is Bruiser not dmg dealer
1	My level 30 friend got me into League. I was level 4 and he was Gold 5 if that mattered (back this March). He told me to play Janna, cast a shield on him, and sometimes use my tornado and bird to "distract" (peel) the enemy while he kills them.   Never have I learned something so quickly. Picked up Annie and I have screenshots of me going godlike every game when I didn't duo with him. Playing against 30's really raises your threshold of how to perform.   Item builds are the only thing that took me awhile. Building Hextech Revolver on Caitlyn because I thought she would do more damage with another gun.
0	Sorry, that wasn't meant to be taken literally. I was referring to being taxed at a 90% rate as "maximum wage." Thus the quotation marks.   This tax structure was in place until Reagan started screwing things up.   The problem, these days, is that such big tax breaks have been given to so few top rich people, they literally can't spend the money fast enough to stimulate the economy. So even though you may deserve more money, it doesn't do the economy good, and everybody suffers.   Right now, America is a rich country, but all of the wealth is stuck at the top 1%. Money makes the world go around, but they can't spend it fast enough.
1	Also I think I have to press twice a key to center camera on champion   You are right.   Pressing the key once focuses and takes the champion into selection,  pressing it twice centers your champion.   The purpose:   Imagine you are microing your own summoned units on the other side of the map (champion is NOT selected else you would move him aswell).   You see an opportunity and want to cast a spell with global range as fast as possible.   You press the <champion key> once, don't lose the camera focus and cast your spell.   According to League of Legends version the camera would have moved back to your champ which results into losing the view over your target place.
1	I also use the Nostromo. I have been swearing by it in any game. Gaming without one feels worse than getting your nuts hit with a sledghammer. WASD keys just feel so antique and awkward in most games now, and I could never get used to them anyway. The D-pad won't be as useful in a MOBA(I rebinded mine to stuff like Shop), but if he plays other games like FPSs or MMOs, it's enough of a Godsend to convert any atheist. I've also reversed the order of QWER to REWQ on it, which feels more natural to me with my index finger pressing Q and little finger pressing ult, without having to change in-game bindings. I have keys programmed to insta-type things like "Top mia". Some use the D-pad for camera control which I'll have to try. I also have very few special characters profile that reorder some chars' skills, like putting Akali's dash ult on the E finger, as I have mained Renekton for a long time and it felt more natural to me to dash with the same key.   In WoW, I used to have a one-button key that'd do full rotation for DPS or tanking that even worked with a priority system thanks to some creative thinking. Pressing the key once would press 9 keys several times each in different patterns. Programmable keys are awesome on any keybord or mouse. But what totally sells me to the Nostromo (and by extension the Logitech G13) is the directional pad. Using your thumb to move like a a console controller instead of 2-3 awkward fingers makes for some very quick and precise mashing.
0	Since you mention Amazon...   My book store started to upload a page where they "compared" prices to other websites like half.com and Abebooks.com. However, I noticed that there were no Amazon prices listed. Originally I just assumed that the Amazon books were a lot more expensive than the list comparing the other "cheapest" 15 prices. I became curious because some of the other prices on the list were 5 times more expensive than the price the book store offered, and usually Amazon is pretty cheap. I checked out Amazon and it turns out most of my books were half the price the book store offered. The book store left the Amazon prices off the list! Was it on purpose? I think so!
0	I'll preface this with a throat clearing and mention that I wrote my master's thesis on al-Qa'ida. I earned a Master's of International Security Studies and a Master's of Policing, Intelligence and Counter Terrorism from Macquarie University in Sydney back in 2009. I currently work in a related field. I only mention this because it's relevant to how seriously you're going to take what I'm saying.   >Almost certainly not an islamist   At this stage, you do not have  anywhere near  enough information about this attack to make that kind of assessment.   >Islamists generally work with the support of at least one group of like-minded people (Islamic Jihad, Al Qaida, Hezbullah, Hamas etc)... these groups tend to fall all over themselves claiming credit as quickly as possible when they know a muslim was behind it - even if any given group claiming credit had nothing to do with it.   This is only partially true, and even then it's more of a pre-9/11 understanding of Islamist terrorism. If you look into the literature on the global jihadist movement, there is actually a consensus that groups like al-Qa'ida have shifted from tightly-coupled networks to a broader social movement where central operational control is rare and unessential. Marc Sageman's "Leaderless Jihad" was a key text in demonstrating this shift, but many others have convincingly made the same argument since its publication. The literature has recently been quite obsessed with the idea of "lone wolf" terrorism and has discussed it in the context of Islamism at length. By no means does "acting alone" rule out the possibility of the attack being one conducted by an Islamist.   These days, Islamist terrorists generally work with  absolutely minimal  outside support. Recent plots demonstrate this.  The 2010 Time Square bombing attempt, the 2009 Christmas Day airline bombing attempt, and the Fort Hood attack show that Islamist terrorists increasingly  do  act on their own. The days of traveling to training camps and forming a cell are over. Self-radicalisation is the current concern of terrorism analysts.   As for claiming credit, yes, Islamists organizations are quick to claim credit after they plan and execute an attack. This, however, is not always the case. Usama Bin Laden didn't publicly claim credit for 9/11 until 2004. The possibility you're ignoring, however, is that this attack may have been conducted by an  unaffiliated  individual who was self-radicalised and merely inspired by Islamist networks. (Such a person would not yet be in a position to safely claim responsibility if they wished to get away with the attack). Those networks who inspired that individual would have possessed no foreknowledge of an attack and would not know their role in it until later.   I do agree, however, that the longer this thing goes unclaimed, the more it looks like it may have been a mass-murderer with no ideological motive.   In fact,  this strategy is exactly what Al-Qa'ida in the Arabian Peninsula are attempting to employ . They have made heavy use of the internet to publish magazines (such as 'Inspire') and disseminate video propaganda (such as speeches by Anwar al-Awlaki) to potential radicals. This kind of attack is exactly what their training manuals have been encouraging for years.   >My guess is this guy was a "lone wolf" like McVeigh or Kaczynski who might've gotten help from one or two other people, and has certainly gotten encouragement from all the hate-talk type media nutbags, but is not a member of any formalised organisation.   Again, "not a member of any formalised organisation"  does not rule out Islamist influence . I have no idea why you're so sure that it does. Self-radicalised, lone wolf jihadism has been the focus of al-Qa'ida since around 2010. It has actually resulted in many failed plots and arrests. They may have gotten lucky this time.   Look, you may very well be right that a nihilist or an anti-government, right-wing individual conducted these bombings. It's certainly one of the few most likely possibilities. We just don't know at the moment though. And trust me, any terrorism analyst worth his salt is being careful not to speculate about this just yet.   The main point is this:  no one on Reddit has enough data to make an even remotely reliable assessment of who did or did not do this . Everyone is hoping that this isn't an act of Islamist terrorism, and so am I. Everyone jumping to rule it out, however, seems to be conducting a biased analysis based on wishful thinking.   Let's wait for the investigation to make some progress until we start ruling out suspects based on speculation and incomplete data!
1	Because, Curse picks differently. They don't pick the most overpowered heroes like most teams, it's just the way they pick/play. They pick heroes they are comfortable with. Nyjacky's Morgana, Westrice on Darius, Cop on Corki, etc. They're picking what they are comfortable with.
0	Eeeeeeeeeh, my parents have helped me more than I have any right to, but I don't think it should be expected for parents to help you. I could have started working far earlier than I did, and I could have saved a LOT more than I did if I hadn't been such a fucking idiot in spending.
0	English was Celtic based until it was conquered by the anglosaxons. A preserved example of Celtic based languages are Scottish and Irish Gaelic.  Most of the military power was concentrated on the southern part of the island in  Wales and Britain  because, just as today, there was more population there. This is why Gaelic was able to survive while English became its own language.   In 1066, the French invaded.  They made French the de facto language, causing a huge influx of vocabulary.
0	This meme has been brought to you by WALL-O-TEXT and
0	In terms of stereotypes, black guys have big dicks, whites have medium, and Asians have small. So does a halfrican have 3/4 of a black guys dick? I initially wanted to say halfricans would possess half the size of a black mans penis, but this is wrong because that would be a full white mans penis? But a halfrican is half white and half black, so they should logically have a larger penis than a full white man. This confused me for a short while, until I realised my mistake. To consider a scale from 10 to 0, the lowest "reading" would be 0, of course. I had been applying this logic to the penis stereotype, considering max. scale to be black dicks and min. scale to be Asian, but this is incorrect, as the scales are not directly related. Asians do not have 0 inches of penis, what I mean is that Asians are not the minimum scale of penis, as it is possible to receive values smaller than the average small penis stereotype. Soooo if a black big dick is then divided  by two to get half , this would give you white dicks, WRONG. Call back dicks10, white dicks5 (as they are average I.e. most likely mid point between huge black dicks and literally no dick) and Asian dicks as 2 (they are the smallest stereotyped dick, unfortunately smaller docks exist out with these limits). So to clarify my initial self question, halfricans half 50% black dick, 50% white dick, which would be a caramel dick.
1	It looks like I'm in the minority here, but I honestly think he is one of the worst champions in the game right now. End of season 2 to mid season 3 he was was a solo queue stud at snowballing your adc (albeit a one trick pony), but now that he can't do that effectively he has little to nothing going for him. The nerfs hit him really hard, but all of the support item changes have hurt him too, specifically the introduction of  sightstone  and the changes on  aegis/bullwork .  Sightstone  because it is now pretty much mandatory on all supports. This item gives no armor to taric (his most important stat) and makes the enemy support tankier which makes it harder to set up kills. Old  aegis/bullwork  rush was the way to go on taric because you could get a lot of armor early which gave all of the below:     defensive stats for taric     defensive stats for your adc because of the aura on both the item and taric's Shatter.     offensive stats because of the armor scaling on his Shatter's magic damage.
1	Great move by Riot picking him up, shows they understand their weaknesses and actually try to fix them.   There really wasnt  any other caster so far apart from Jatt that actually knows how the game works. We 've had energetic and funny casters, but no casters with many hours spent playing league. And it actually shows. Just compare any game with a game where Jatt casts and you shall easily realise the huuuge gap between him and all the other casters concerning itemization, strategies and generally game analysis.
1	Hail GabeN, my brother!   There are countless reasons for why you should not buy a pre-assembled PC, but for me the motivation for building PCs (I am building PCs for friends and colleagues every once in a while) was the fun of educating yourself about what parts there are, compare them, put together everything like YOU want it to be, then when its ordered unpacking all the glorious stuff and building it together. After you have assembled all the parts into your new glorious Machine, there is nothing better than pressing that sweet start-up button, having your heart stop for a moment before you see the start up screen that asks you politely to put in the OS disk.
1	Two schools of thought on the matter:     Get a jungler that can snowball damage-wise, to the point where you're another carry.  I like Shyvanna for this, since you don't see a lot of effective CC use at lower elos (Noc, Riven and Olaf also work nicely).  Get a couple early kills and you're on your way up the ladder.     Put the kills on a silver platter for your teammate to spoon up: Ali and Naut are my favorites for this.  No matter what the elo, if you can get behind the enemy player as Ali, you've pretty much gotten your teammate a kill.  This is slightly riskier if the game goes on too long since you won't have the damage to carry, but most of the time it leads to a 20 min surrender
1	That's what I'm inclined to believe. If Mejai's and/or Archangel's weren't full, then that would explain the 3155 damage, instead of 3678 damage.   Cooldown on the spear is 6 seconds, which with 40% CDR (max) would be 3.6 second cooldown. Nidalee could have gotten 3 off in a total of 9.14 seconds, considering we know she has at least 15% CDR from boots, without much problem.   3 Spears would mean each one did about 1050 damage, which seems plausible.   If Nidalee had max MPen (as calculated below), each would do about 1608 damage, making it quite possible to get this amount of damage in 2 spears. However, this requires a nearby fiddlesticks, as well as a nearby Abyssal Scepter, and Nidalee to have maximum MPen runes.   I think it's more likely that OP has an effective MR of (78 - 8.55 (from Nid's runes) - 50% (Nid's masteries + void staff) = 39.775 MR) which means each of these spears would do about 1316 damage if all of Nidalee's items were fully stacked, which I don't think is likely.
1	I actually think that Support get congratulated more than ADCs. In fact after gank stage the only thing that will get a jungler congratulated is a smite steal. Top Lane and Mid only get a mention when they are snowballed as fuck, whereas if a support player is playing well everyone treats them like a girl they like. Its like every support player is an ADC's girlfriend and thats why they are playing, and everyone is SUPER nice to them on the offchance of a blowjob.
1	Teemo is an extremely fun to play champ that punishes bruisers  who don't know how to play.   This is the keyword righ here. Teemo is a squishy champ that relies on kiting to do his damage, bruisers and AD casters will wreck him if he doesn't know how how to kite, eg. if he stays in range of Riven RIP, Pantheon/Talon beat him 9/10 times, and bruisers with gapclosers can usually burst him down early and snowball on him (Irelia/Jax). Also playing Olaf and storming him with ult+ghost+axes is so funny - mad viking running after a little rat and throwing axes - run Teemo run.
1	I totally agree with you. I was on my series matches for gold in the pre-season and after a 4/6 spread, I was put into bronze 1. I managed to climb out of that in a day but the real problem I'm beginning to find is silver 5. As mentioned in the comments, those players that truly are bad will fall and rot at the borders and that is EXACTLY the problem. I've been playing religiously for a week in silver 5 now and not once have I exceeded 80LP. I've had a win, lose, win, lose etc. pattern continuously. If I manage to break out of it, I only fall back down again and it's due to the totally incompatible players that I'm put with. I lose almost 100% of my games positive, after winning my lane hard. The frequency of arrogant players who treat the game like some alternative to Call of Duty is generally keeping me in silver 5, in the shit, and no matter what lane I play or how well I do; winning is not on the agenda. It's gotten to the point that I predict faults in my team's play, like being caught out or throws before they happen, and they happen despite how much i ping and warn the rest of my team. So this whole attitude of "if you are worthy off higher elo, you can climb" is rendered void seeing as League is a team game. The players in low silver and bronze are simply playing for themselves (I want to avoid saying playing the game wrong, but the team attitude is totally wrong) and that can seriously bind better players in the depths of under-average play.
1	For some reason I'm taking this a bit personally, I pretty sure that wasn't your intention(or was it) but I was just trying to say that as a jungler there are many decisions we have to make. And sometimes it might not be the correct decision, but it's a judgment call. All I was stating is that, as a jungler we have other objectives other than constantly going around trying to gank(sounds a lot worse than what I'm trying to make a point of). And in my situation most of the time it's not that my losing lane is losing because he's getting camped or what not, it's that he's making the bad choices and putting him/herself   Basically all I'm saying is that there are more than just ganking, if I, as a jungler, can control opposing buffs the whole game, always in the position to counter gank, or in better position to take objectives (all in which helps the team) then my bad that those decision may not put me around your lane when you want me there. But I'm still doing my job in regards to taking xp from their jungle, taking their buffs away from lanes, getting global $$$.
0	He's talking about the fat people hate. I mean, it happens with negative impression stories in general, but you see a ton of rage stories because SOMEWHERE there's someone who's fat/black/jewish/rich/poor/male/female who's being a gigantic asshole, actually there's a lot of them, and some of them are probably being an asshole in some special way that relates to the thing about them that later is mentioned on reddit.   Thing is, in your daily life you probably only meet one or two of these types of asshole, and only rarely, so you see it never in person, but all the time on reddit, because there are just a fuck ton of people on reddit ready and waiting to share there stories of some shit that they found or that happened to them, usually that was really annoying because when something pisses you off and you can't react to it in person, you want to vent.
0	I got this chick a job with me once. She had no experience at all, but I figured u could train her. Figured if I got her working there, I'd have a better chance to hit it, and what not. After her being there about a year, she was getting tons and tons of special treatment. More than anyone else who's been there for years. Turns out she was sleeping with the boss/owner.
0	I took a history of mexico class this past semester and we discussed this pretty thoroughly. The mexican drug crisis is happening because that is what the market is calling for. There aren't as many people in mexico abusing drugs like in the states, so they're not using the drugs for themselves. What it comes down to is drugs are what we're buying, its not so much a problem of mexico not handling their shit, its a problem of america not handling our drug problems well. If america was demanding oranges then mexico would be selling oranges.   additionally the problem lies in the fact that drug trafficking is such a strong backbone of the mexican economy... both legally and extralegally. The drug lords provide to their communities things such as jobs and protection and donations to public works (schools churches ect) so villages have a very strong connection to these people as providers for their villages, if the drugs as a source of money dries up then so does the livelihood of these border villages. In addition to this extralegal money, the mexican government receives a lot of aid from several countries (the US being the main benefactor) to help aid in their war on drugs.   Really, its a messy situation that's characterized by a long string of corruption from the PRI and America fucking up the drug trade through the carribean. If america could get its drug problem in check then the market would shift to a less dangerous one, but as it is at the moment it's not a reality.
1	It takes a month...  Ok, what part of the hosting business do you work in?  While doing the physical setup may take a month, the planning of infrastructure, ordering of custom server setups, getting things settled with the ISP's is quite a large undertaking.  Also while riot employs a lot of people, they are not all working in the networking / server department.  The issue is not only hardware but software as well, take into consideration that when Riot started this game they had no idea how popular it would become, they have a huge "code debt" that needs to be overhauled to accommodate the larger pressure on their systems. Code needs to be tweaked and optimized.  Just getting a new huge server park will not by itself solve the problem when the code is not efficient.
1	The only champion I ever beat Nidalee with is Aatrox. Not because I main him though, I'm a terrible player at this game yet I've never had trouble with Nidalee.   Aatrox (AA, S, OS - debatable, CC)   Aatrox starts with a doran's shield and survives vs her early poke while sustaining through her little damage.   This is a mostly skill based match up in  my opinion, the only way Nidalee can win this is if her garen ult is enough to burst him down in one combo. What Nidalee players don't realise is I have to die when they go for the all in cougar form. Either I survive it then I Q + E for cc and land autos to lock her down or my passive gets popped which either way the Nidalee loses.
1	I had a game today where an enemy mid was spamming all chat to report their ADC.  I was laning against their ADC and he was doing fine, he just got outplayed a few times and from there he couldn't really do much.  I wound up reporting the enemy mid because after the match he was spewing all kinds of hate at the enemy ADC and I could only imagine what she was saying in team chat.
0	This happened to me in middle school, eighth grade I think. It was teacher who I didn't have, yet from our various encounters I knew he didn't like me.  Not sure why... I was actually a very good kid.  Anyway, it's AFTER school, and I had just witnessed him take another student's phone away in the hallway as they were leaving. I was angry because I knew the school rules in our handbook explicitly stated: "No cell phones during school hours" and that "school hours were from 7:35 to 2:35."  I was like "bitch, it's 2:40." I took my phone out, walked right by him to get a reaction. Naturally he stops me and tries to take my phone. I say no. He insists that he must take it. I insist that he cannot. I pull out my assignment book (which has all the school policies) and show him the rule.  He says its wrong and he tries to grab the phone from my hands, but I don't let go. Eventually it's him and I staring at each other while both holding the phone. He won't let me leave with my phone. Sooner or later I end up giving it to him because I was going to miss my bus if I stayed longer. The next day I went to retrieve my phone from the Vice Principle and he yells at me for disrespecting a teacher and I get an after school detention. I explain that by the rules he was not in the right to take my phone away.  That didn't matter.  Fuck you Mr. Gubanich.
1	Can you all please stop downvoting people  just  because they don't think this is "the best play ever"???   I mean really, it was nice reaction time, good use of saving your first ability, and all that jazz... but in the end it was hitting two buttons to escape a rather boring gank.   When I think "best play evar!!11!!" I think of something a little more epic than "ah shit, E, flash".
0	Storytime! I met this girl at a small birthday party thing, we ended up singing random classic rock song duets. Meet up several times in the next few months, turns out music is pretty much the only common interest, so we just trade music a lot online. A couple of months later she gets engaged (o0), which is fine as neither of us ever brought up dating (though it did cross my mind a few times).   End of the story is her sister is a tri-lingual book nerd with a wit you could use for shaving. Oh, and her parents really like me so I've been invited to stay at their house for a family weekend later this month.
0	I won't say that you're one hundred percent wrong, but we probably would be anyways. Politicians would still make the decisions to send the armed forces to war for various reasons ranging from political, to financial, to maintaining american interests. Sometimes american interest are a little too complicated and nuanced to be explained easily. Part of the problem though is that America tends to think that almost everything is in its interest. Then theres also the fact that America still believes in containing communism/promoting democracy and capitalism worldwide. It's also very willing to take steps to protect those interests. Some of those steps are "legal" and some of them aren't.    To get back to why we'd be in Afghanistan theres a lot of reasons that we are there dating back to the 80's and Russia's invasion of the country. All of those aside (there is simply too many to get into here. Here's an article if you're interested  and also  more specifically) we'd still be there. America likes war. We're war mongers with bleeding hearts if you will.  It's good for business. ( We have the largest defense budget in the world. Think about that for a second. Do you ever buy an expensive toy then don't use it?    There is also the fact to consider that we would be there because the American government gets you on board with going to war. They are so good are manipulating the American people they get you to beg for a war. They get you to want it. In at least four of the past seven major conflicts America was involved in the American people demanded it. In WWI there was the incident with the RMS Lusitania ( in WWII there was Pearl Harbor ( Vietnam had the Gulf of Tonkin Incident ( Operation Enduring Freedom had 9/11. I'm not saying any of these were caused by the government, but all of these definitely have some questionable circumstances surrounding them. After all of these incidents where American citizens were killed we demanded retaliation. Do you remember the rise of patriotism after 9/11? Most of the people couldn't find Afghanistan on a map or tell you anything about Al-Qaeda, but we were damn sure someone was gonna pay. Wether it was all orchestrated or not is not what I'm debating. What I'm saying is we'd still be at war with someone if it wasn't Afghanistan.   I am a veteran of four years in a combat arms unit. To be honest I can't even tell you if I agree or disagree with the wars we're currently in. I'm torn because we are helping some people and bringing stability to some areas and genuinely improving their lives. But, I've also lost some very good friends to these war and a lot of soldiers and civilians have died.
0	For those oblivious to why guys don't react appropriately to 'friendzoning' here goes an analogy...   Imagine you had the impression your boss might promote you to a management position if you worked really hard. He never gave you any indication that he would promote you, nor that he wouldn't, but since you've seen a number of colleagues get promoted after making enough effort on their jobs you understandably assume you have a chance.   So you bust your ass off for some time but the promotion never comes. You know your boss noticed you have been working harder than others but you find it strange he hasn't approached you yet. So you build some courage and ask him if he thinks you're worthy of being promoted to management. Instead of telling you that he thinks you're not cut for the job, because you might hold a grudge against him or otherwise, he tells you that for now he needs you to continue doing your current job.   How would you feel if that happened to you? I know for sure I would't be feeling happy about it.   At that point you'd have many options. You could continue busting your ass off trying to impress your boss, so that when a management position becomes available you'd be the first he would turn to. You also sense that the boss might not be sure you're the right guy for management - surely putting more effort on the job will show him otherwise.   On the other hand, if you're fed up with the situation, you get angry and tell your boss to go fuck himself. You point out that you've worked much more than John and Bill but they got promoted and you didn't. John and Bill don't work here anymore though, so you ask your boss with angry tears in your eyes, "Why did you have to recruit an unemployed guy with no experience to replace them rather than me?!" Your boss comes up with some politically correct but unsatisfactory answer. You storm out of his office never to return again. As you exit the building you slash your boss' car tires.   Alternatively, if you're level minded, you could simply leave the job and find another one where you might fare better. But that's tough to swallow. You've spent so much time on this job that the thought of getting through all that ass busting on another one in hopes of getting a promotion is already putting you off. You run the risk of deciding to stay on your current job because even if you're unhappy with it you still have an irrational hope that some unexpected event will happen and all the time and effort invested will finally pay off.
1	I'm kind of confused about this. You said that you believe they haven't considered the idea that Darius might be overpowered, how do you know that's the case? I realize they haven't posted on the forums and said, "You know what, he might be too strong."   But with the outrage and overreaction on the forums, doing something like that would only cause the community to say, "IF HE MIGHT BE STRONG, WHY AREN'T YOU NERFING HIM?!"
1	I love how this works. People complain that there's such a small champion pool then complain when the OP junglers are nerfed. Let's be real, junglers have the most overall effect on the game in this season and junglers like Pantheon, Lee, Elise, and Kha all have the potential to break a game by themselves. No lane has that kind of power, with the closest being mid.   I'm a jungler main and while I'm annoyed with the nerfs, Elise, Eve, and Kha are all still really strong and completely playable, this just gives room for weaker early junglers like Amumu, Naut, and Sejuani to get some play.
1	4 AP is kinda useless compared to 3 AD.     Masteries should be used for early game, but you don't have all your skills until lvl 3-4. However, you can always Auto Attack and use the extra damage.     Generally Casters have an AP converse ratio of 75% per skill. Which means 4 AP adds about 2-3 damage to your abilities and unless you are hitting a two skill combo you get more damage from an AA.     For a Mage to use the additional AP they have to cast a spell which cost mana, which in the early/laning phase you should be managing, but you can always Autoattack.
0	Ouch. My co-workers and I have been wondering for a while if they're trying to get the full timers who've been there a long time to quit or retire early. There's just been too many people transferred from one department to another without the associate having any say in it. It just seems like they want them to fail. For example, moving an older gentleman who used to be an electrician from electrical to appliances to hardware.
0	I'm 23, have H-roids so naturally bleed a lot of the times i poop, don't shit everyday(whole life its been once every 3 days) and I don't eat great+lot of alcohol. A lot of that stuff is linked to bowel cancer but is something else. Too scared to get my butt checked but have had blood drawn in the last 3 weeks for just yearly blood work. Nothing came back but I'm still scared.
1	Maybe against a lane opponent that plays passive.   Try to lane against a competent Orianna or Syndra and they will single handely destroy you. Throw a jungler with a gap closer into the mix and you can forget about ever reaching lategame.   Even then, her lategame isn't much better than what it was before the rework.   Also they pretty much killed build diversity when they decided to inflate ap but decrease her ratios. The only build that makes use of it is a very ap heavy build and not only this is very expensive but it will leave you lacking in defenses which is terrible for an immobile caster.
1	you do realise ww can gank before level 6. The only reason all the "pro's" say he cant gank pre 6 is because at higher elo there is less chance of the lane being pushed. In the situation with ashe as you described the lane would almost be at her tower 100% of the time making it easy for you to run in behind and set up a gank to either make them scared or to get kills.
0	I heard this story from my grandmother (my uncle's mother in law) because she was raving about how great a guy he was:   Apparently my grandma was in a parking lot and while backing out of a parking space she was rear ended by a guy in a truck with a plow on the front. There was a police officer nearby who seemed to know the man in the truck so when my grandmother was explaining what happened the officer wasn't even paying attention. The plow on the front was broken so the guy said he might sue for the damages caused from the accident which was not nearly hard enough to cause damage to a plow. So now my grandmother is home with a ticket, grandpa is out of town and she wants to fight it. She was talking about it to her daughter (my aunt) who then told my uncle (GGG) and he offered to help.   Now most of us have gotten tickets and know it's not usual to bring a lawyer to fight a traffic ticket so the judge was pretty surprised to see one. My uncle had done his homework on the ticket and traffic laws since he is a lawyer who specializes in on the job injuries and getting insurance money. When it came my uncle's turn to speak he explained that the ticket that the officer wrote is actually meant for a roadway and not a parking lot and therefore should be voided. There was a bunch of other legal jargon in there that I didn't understand but before my uncle could even finish the judge said alright you're free to go and wrote it off.   It was on the way home when she insisted on paying him. She said it was the least she could do for having him take time off of work to go help her. He said he would accept payment, and only because he loved the apple pies that she made and it would be more than enough if she made one special for him.
1	I don't get it. They say he is too strong when fed and too weak when not fed. Isn't it some kind of REWARD to be strong when fed? I mean, come on. Rengar can't farm up and be super strong, he HAS to get kills in order to 100-0 someone. You had to master Rengar to be super fed and I think that was a good thing. Even when he is fed there counterplay. One peeler is enough to keep Rengar off of the target.
0	can we have the
1	I'm talking balancing in general. I think if Riot is going to sell champs individually (unlike dota or hon where you get them all to start with), they better be keeping up with afterservice on all those champs by keeping them balanced/viable. Something like Heimer is anything but viable and viewed by community as a troll pick, and Riot won't do anything to compensate people who paid for that champ - IMO that is pretty unacceptable business attitude, because they're saying "Fuck you and your old champs, we just don't care".
1	Blah blah dont be mean. What you fail to realize is that passion and emotion can drive people to do better. Maybe not in that specific game, but it does carry weight with them after and make them reflect harder IF they are emotionally invested at getting better. I knew that was one of the main reasons I got great at Dota back in the day. People would rage at me all the time and well I simply didn't want to be raged at anymore and I wanted to improve. It made me try harder and really focus in the next games to come. I was more efficient because I knew if I wasn't I'd be raged at.   That being said if you want to win soloq it is much better to not rage. You don't want these emotions flying around during the game because it   creates a distraction. The player isn't going to improve that greatly in one single match so there isn't a need to let him know that he sucks ass. Simply give a nice reason for what he should be doing and move on. Some will listen and some won't and you just have to be ok with that.
1	I find a major problem with fiddlesticks is unwilling tanks to tank.  I had one game where this Jarvan called in the pre-game lobby that he was going to tank; however, during the game he decides that instead of going in like the tank he was building he would watch us die because he was "trying not to die".  He kept going on about how I would never use my ult, but I never could because if I did it without him tanking the enemy team would just take me down instantly.  Without a good tank it is extremely difficult a decent ult where you don't get focused down in seconds.
0	that was both hilarious and really misinformed.  ain't no reason a shy, unassertive young man can't end up with a family or their dream job or whatever else it is you envision as solely for 'alphas'.   what that person needs is determination and a strong work ethic.  you don't have to chest pound in order to 'get the girl'.  sure, some girls are gonna go for that, but not every girl.  the stronger the young woman's sense of self is, the more variety you will find in what they are attracted to.
0	Playing devil's advocate for the old people: In a sense, the government  can't  get rid of social security and medicare and medicaid because these people have already paid for that service.  They have been taxed for 40+ years, having their money sent to people for these services. But the idea is that the total amount of taxes they have paid over time will be approximately equal to the amount of money they get for social security, etc.  It's almost the same thing as putting money in the bank: you put money into your social security "account" by paying taxes and the government uses your money to fund its current projects but delivers your money when it's time for you to start "withdrawing" from your social security "account"   I realize it doesn't exactly work that way, but that is simultaneously the concept and the reason we cannot get rid of social security. If we were to get rid of it, it would be like a bank telling you that you can no longer have the money you were saving up for years.
0	Very eloquent. I don't really have time for this but i'll throw a few things our there.   Because were not 5 years old I do understand connotations so I appreciate this and will respond in kind: >  People, especially fucking redditors   And i'll add to your premise that redditors like black and white and have a hard time grasping complex subjects because of this. It's not as easy as do or don't raise minimum wage. I do believe it should be increased but $15 is too high all at once.   > if minimum wage goes up, so do all the damn prices of everything else   This is true. But because "redditors" have not been paying attention the prices on "things" have gone up regardless of minimum wage going up.  In fact things have gotten more expensive. [Heres the government inflation calculator]( for 1968 to 2012 which is the most recent data. $100 then would be $671 today.   But they do increase minimum wage right? They sure do! But adjusted for inflation [Bloomberg]( reports that we actually make  LESS  now then we did in 1968.   > people have been living under the "standard of living" since our creation   True! However "redditors" are not looking at the big picture. Yes people have been living under poverty threshold since the beginning of time but not by this margin. Rome is a good example of successful societies that are still around and used the caste system to separate the rich from the poor so i'm glad you mentioned them. And pre industrial Europe, don't get me started on pre industrial Europe work conditions they were so great that we didn't have to pass any regulations to make grave changes at all. [Heres the problem]( we have 1% of the American population holding the same amount of money as 95% of Americans. Thats great for them but the gap in income creates a scenario where prices go up but minimum wage does not.   Alright I don't have time right now to condescend to your ideals right now but heres my bottom line, wrong or not:
1	I'm sorry to say it, but you sound just as toxic yourself! You might not be as loud and abusive in the game chat, but your passive aggressive language in this post is really strong. I know, it sucks teaming up with players who abuses the chat to the point, where you just dont understand what is going on inside peoples heads. But you just gotta deal with it ---> Mute button helps alot! One thing I think you should work with if youre not quitting league, is definitely your attitude! I know it sucks when other players blames you for the loss, but instead of comparing KDA (which makes you exactly like them), you need to look at your own gameplay. You died 9 times that last game, fine, some deaths are inevitable, but think about the times you COULD have prevented yourself from dying, and LEARN from it. I know it REALLY hard and frustrating when you die, and your teammates furthermore starts blaming you or starts being toxic. Just be better than them - improve your own gameplay, ignore them! And you will progress! I know it might be tough the games you lose, but sooner or later you will climb again :)   Im sorry for calling you toxic, but you gotta think about your passive aggressive comments.  For example:
1	Some good thoughts, but in my opinion Ashe is fine where she is right now. She is a situational AD carry, because of her incredible amount of utility.   Her ult allows her to synergize incredibly well with champions who also have global ults. For example, and team comp consisting of TF mid, Noc jungle, and Ashe/Taric bot has an  enormous  amount of CC, and the ganks are a guaranteed kill. Same thing goes for Karthus mid, or Shen top/jungle.   Of course, she doesn't do as much raw damage as carries such as Graves or Corki, but she makes up for that with her ult, free CV, and perma-sow.
0	I think what we choose to call it kind of determines how we choose to view it. Your viewpoint is totally valid and justifiable, but allow me to play devil's advocate.   Aren't psychological vulnerabilities by definition character flaws? These people and their communities should suffer for their own faulty actions. It's "nice" to save them from themselves, but it isn't a moral imperative.   Just because we understand some of the neurological mechanism for a gambling addiction, does that stop it from being immoral?   If weakness and vulnerability isn't a trait you can be looked down on for, what is? Victimhood shouldn't be a point of pride.
1	One of the big problems I see in this map is the unbalanced and "weak" team. Lets say the teams are blue, purple, and green Blue sends two players to fight purple, leaves purple with the choice of defending against blue with two people or pressuring green with two. If blue and purple are fighting two v two than green has a clear advantage with a 2 v 1 lane. Sure jungle will help this a little because it won't be a pure 2v2 or 2v1 but since the sides are so far away it will be pretty close. I like the concept, I think more needs to go into it. I would almost recommend that it is changed to 4v4v4.
1	Even with a 50% win ratio, you will gain more LP than you lose due to playing against higher level (MMR) players. So you'll climb and have practise against "more skilled"* players.   ^^^* ^^^debatable ^^^statement ^^^is ^^^debatable...
1	Alright I'll post my situation here:   I play league on a shitty laptop, it had AMD Athlon Neo K125 whatever processor, 1.70Ghz single core, 1GB RAM, whatever Radeon HD 4200 graphic card with 256mb memory.   I used crash right as I load into the game and even if I could load into the game, I still needed to wait for like 5 minutes to see or click anything, which the afk detector will kick me. Even if I could finish loading fast enough, I will get like 0~5fps with 100~200 unstable ping.(for normal computer in my region it should be ~30 ping) The game was unplayable for me.   I've done everything I could, closing all the background programs, virus scan and shit, still no hope. However, I started updating Windows(win7). After some updating, I tried to play and the game worked fine for me, 15~20fps with a very stable 30ish ping. I thought updating windows wont do much.   After a bunch of updating, I am now able to play at ~45fps and 20~30 in teamfights. I somehow got more RAM than before, it was 1GB and now 2GB. My friend said that the update maximized the RAM settings and shit. I don't know much about these stuff but it worked well for me so whatever.
1	Who gives a fuck. People like hearing real shit not just sugar coated formalities and it is very true that TSM gets no respect from the other teams. For some reason the other teams feel entitled as the losers to talk shit because the winners should be gracious. Fuck that.   Reginald kept it real. Dignitas did get stomped and if you look at every past Lan victory they've had in the 6-7 months leading to this, this was a stomp and the easiest finals they've won. All of it real. And you care way too much about some internet persona's feelings.
0	Then turn on the radio. All week NPR has had excellent coverage of the bombing and the investigation. They are better sourced than most other US news outlets and don't deal in as much rampant speculation - and if they do speculate they tell you!
1	I think what's trying to be said is:   The Korean teams have more professionalism during tournaments. Where professionalism is required. (I'm not saying confidence is a bad thing, CLG as my prime example, confidence is great, but over confidence will be your downfall.) However in Solo Queue streams, it's good to sit back and have fun, call people out and have a laugh.   Honestly, watching the Azubu Blaze Match was one of the most fun tournament games I've watched in a long time. But I'd rather watch Scarra or Phantoml0rd stream, they have fun and make me laugh (2 examples, I know there are a ton more).
0	I think we are missing a couple of things here...   First, there are four economic responsibilities of a government:     Ensuring state security   Protection and welfare of the public   Protection of the environment   Management of the economy     Start with the first three, those are the tasks for which I think most federal employees are hired to accomplish. Jobs come to mind like EPA and DoD scientists, FAA inspectors, air traffic controllers, Park Rangers, active duty personnel. The objective here is to hire only as much as we need to meet these responsibilities. Obama has folded agencies together and cut federal jobs where his administration felt there were redundant positions doing these tasks. What is needed to meet these responsibilities is very subjective but minimizing the personnel and expenditure required is simply responsible. Don't waste money. This is what Obama's downsizing was /u/Demonweed.   The fourth responsibility is very different. This is where the responses to unemployment come in which are meant to manage the economy (albeit spilling into the public welfare part). The way I understand it, job creation bills don't just create a bunch of federal job openings which is what your posts seem to suggest (sorry if I am misunderstanding).   Rather, they increase government spending effectively making the government huge customers of a LOT of companies. (Think of things like investing in infrastructure: the government takes bids for the job which is then contracted out to engineering/building companies who then need more workers). In the process jobs are created secondarily to meet increased demand for labor. These are gov't contractors at most, not federal employees. As such, federal jobs are not responses to poor unemployment numbers as you both mention /u/gufgufguf and /u/Demonweed. You may still be against this spending because people's opinions vary widely regarding this fourth responsibility. Personally I think carefully targeted government spending in this sense does stimulate the economy (it is actually Econ 101). Problems arise when it is not carefully targeted and the spending effectively goes to waste.   What few people debate is that technological advancement does a fantastic job of growing the economy. Obama is a big supporter of investment in innovation. That is where I think gov't spending goes a long way (disclaimer: look at my username, I am definitely biased).
0	No, they didn't choose the name so they could be alphabetically first on the phone book. Acme would've been listed above Apple for example.
1	Just go roam the map, try to push out your lane as long as the enemy laner is not there. Do not try to defend your turret, let it fall as soon as you can, then freeze the lane under your tier 2 turret.
1	Most champions have problems in lane against Nasus. I am only in Bronze, so I don't have a lot of experience in ranked, but I specifically made a lot of 1v1 tests with my brother to find a champions that does well against the dog.   Until now, it seems like almost every champion has problems, because you can simply buy a flask and outsustain almost anyone with Nasus. What I found out: The best bets against Nasus are champions like Renekton, Riven and especially  Zed .   Zed is almost perfect against Nasus, because     he doesn't rely on mana (infinite harassment) ,   he can harass Nasus from afar,   he can deal enough damage to create a kill potential (Botrk),   he has an escape mechanism that helps him against Wither+Ganks.
0	For sure. There's also the problem of false balance.   I once shot a news story about the govt increasing accessibility for people with disabilities. There was a protest outside of about 15 people who felt the govt wasn't doing enough. I shot wide shots showing how many people were there and a bunch of other coverage, close ups of the wheelchair wheels rolling in-line etc.   We interviewed the protest organiser at their home. They were pretty-much nuts and out of a 15min interview we got 1 coherent 15second clip.   My reporter and I went back and told our news director the story about the protest was bunk. He told us 'we have to show both sides'. Honestly he may have been just trying to justify burning resources to cover the story, but that's a big problem.
1	you can start red just fine with boots or sej, but the problem is if her first gank is ineffective (at least forces the lane you ganked to back) she just wasted alot of time and hp there.   for teamfights her cc is basically unparalleled and she makes a great tank line of just 1 person. but as a tank her consta aoe damage seems to be ignorable (like seeing a tank cho with only tank items)... i think that's the way she was meant to be so that a 5 man premade could utilize her massive cc but you just aren't going to see that kind of cooperation in norms, or even 5 mans that are just starting out as a team.
1	Both parties are to blame. You can't just say that Regi and Loco are stupid. Yes they are, they should be all over it, they are at Worlds, they are the best team of America. I mean you're the champions guys. But they have the right to be pissed to be constanty put down on SI.   Because it is true that SI is really biased. Monte or Thorin will never admit that TSM is the best team in America, they are not fair in their opinion of the American scene. But once again, fairness is not the goal of SI, they just want to entertain, and it's easier when you have a scapegoat.
0	I worked with a black guy in northern VA. He had a confederate flag tattoo. I think it was a "fitting in" method. He was the ONLY back guy on the entire construction site and the ONLY black guy in the union in that area.
0	Personally, video game soundtracks use too many loud sequences and the noise keeps me attentive but on the music. I have yet to find a "soothing" video game soundtrack. The only soundtrack I have found useful from video games is from Modern Warfare 2. If you want movie track songs, 9/10 would go towards Hans Zimmer. The Dark Knight Rises album, and Inception have songs that I have listened to 500+ times.
1	I don't generally get involved in these sort of discussions, but just glancing through the comments I think it's worth noting that the vast response of 'ignore it' or 'get over it' is not the ideal way to fix this. That's essentially giving people a free pass and opening up a way to victim blame.   I understand that people get angry and say things they regret, but some of it is straight up uncalled for and disgusting. Sure, people probably won't ever change, but it would sure be nice if people would just  control themselves , yknow, like we do in person. It's even easier behind a monitor - scream at your empty room if you have to, bang the desk; just don't make it personal.
1	The champ doesn't matter you can play everytging as long as you're good with it in Bronze. Strange picks probably work better because they are not used to it.
0	I'm gonna agree with everyone. Some of the coolest dudes I've met on nights out have been somewhere over the rainbow, some of the most annoying have been too. When people say 'too gay' it's closer to being 'too pushy'. This isn't limited to gays or men, it's something any person can be. Being too pushy, especially in a sexual way, is really off putting. Even more so if that person isn't someone you're sexually compatible with. I've seen girls push on gay guys, I've seen gay girls push on straight girls, I've seen guys push on straight girls who just weren't interested. It's that pushiness, regardless of sexual orientations or levels of femininity, that makes people uncomfortable. However, that said, that discomfort is escalated by clashing sexualities.
0	My brother started dating a girl that is in our dance group in college. I kinda knew her before they started dating, but once she was around a lot more, we got to know each other a bit better.   Mine and my brother's friends overlap a lot, and so do hers, so this may be an outlier, but her and i texted occasionally.   After they had broken up, since she is pretty in with our group of friends (her best friend and I were just roommates), we made an effort to let her know she was/is still welcomed around us just like always.   When a couple breaks up, it doesn't have to be the end of that social group for one of them. If the breakup wasn't over anything incredibly dramatic (someone cheating, etc.) there's no reason they all can't remain in the same social group of friends. My brother broke up with her cause she liked him a lot more than he did her, and he's been in that situation before with one of his ex's and it didn't go well, so he broke it off earlier before either of them got too invested in each other.   She's still around, and I still see her and talk to her every now and then. It's just not as often as before. Kudos to both of them for being mature about it (she initially kicked him out of her apt pretty quick when he broke up with her, I think the talk only lasted like 5 or 10 minutes, but since then knows it's probably for the better).
0	Let me expand on that.  I had already lost my key at school the previous week.  I then lost the spare key kept by the front door somewhere inside the house. I had been using it because I didn't want to tell my dad I had last my own.
0	You're not being cautious. You may  think  you're being cautious, but when the average road speed on the interstate is 70 mph and you merge going 45 you're just putting everyone who happens to be driving by in danger because one of three things is going to happen. 1) The person you're merging in front of is going to have to quickly change lanes to avoid hitting you. Potentially hitting another vehicle. 2) They have to slam on the breaks to avoid hitting you.  Potentially getting rear-ended by another vehicle. Or 3) The driver doesn't react quickly enough and plows into you. Ironically, and unjustly, it would be his/her (even though you're the one merging onto the interstate at 25 below the posted speed limit) because when two cars are involed in a front to rear collision its always the rear-enders fault, even when it's not. The speed limits are in place for a reason. The ramp is there for a reason. You shouldn't be merging onto the highway at 45 mph just because you want to be "cautious".
0	Nice!   My own epic college senior final story goes like this... I had every class done and just had to pass a Spanish 102 class. BTW I suck at languages. I'm amazed that I can speak English. So I take Spanish 102 in the summer after I walked. I haven't taken Spanish in 6 years. Went to class everyday and sat front and center. I probably studied harder for that class than I did in any of my classes in my major. OK, so it was the last day of class, time for the final. I was up all night studying and the final was my only chance to pass. It's time for final to start and the teacher isn't there. Five minutes later she walks in only holding her purse. I ask myself, "Where are all the tests?" She then says the most amazing thing I heard in my college career. "OK guys, so I have your final here (holds up one test), I was going to make copies this morning, but the copy room is locked and the only person with the key went on vacation yesterday. So....no final!" At first I was overjoyed, but then quickly realized that I needed a good grade on it to pass. Then she says, "If you want to discuss what your grade would have been if you took the final come talk to me." I jumped out of my desk and in a worried tone I explain how I have been working so hard and really thought I would have done well enough to pass. She puts her hand on my shoulder and says, "L84Tahoe, I know all the hard work you put in, I'm giving you a B in the class." I immediately hug her and thank her and run out of the room screaming that I just graduated! I went directly home on my bike and had the best feeling I have ever experienced. (BTW I have been told for pretty much my whole life that I wouldn't amount to anything and I was dumb. Many middle fingers were thrown up in the air to those fucking teachers.)
1	I struggled with this a lot last season and the beginning of this season both in ranked and Draft normals. Especially as first pick when I'm too busy banning to debate about a position.   I greatly increased my success and frequency of winning when I realized the ability to play each position at least proficiently allowed me to let the rest of the team take what they want and I fill in the holes.   I personally think you should not be playing Draft or ranked until you have a couple champs in each position under your belt.
1	You should never go into ranked to win. People might think that wanting to win is the correct approach but it isn't. That makes you outcome dependent and if things aren't going as you want you'll get angry, rage, give up, whatever. You should play ranked to test your skills. Elo is your skill level. It includes the skill to lead your team to victory and stop flamers  from destroying your team spirit. It isn't just csing and keeping timers. It's making the right calls. And don't worry about losing. Everyone does. You'll become better eventually and take your elo back.
1	I have to say, this has happened to me at least 6 times before (in the reverse of the OPs post, IE that I join they try and force me on mumble, I go on, they are terrible at the game, I comment, they try and blame me.)   I now, after 3 straight feeding teams, refuse to go onto mumble. The reddit guys while fun in chat, are god awful in game. 90% of the time someone is below 30 with like less than a week of the game played and then we get dominated. Or they have no concept of map awareness, when to push, when to do certain elements of the game etc.   If you tell me I have to use mumble, I leave now, its not worth my time to play with 4 complete noobs.
0	I'm a slob. I admit it. Not to the point where my house is a disaster, but if the dinner dishes don't get done until the next day I don't care. Bed's unmade? Whoop de do. There are some toys laying around? Don't care. We live here, it's not a museum. I've got a kid and three shedding pets. My house will NEVER be perfectly clean.   My husband is a clean freak and has been since the day we met. Our differences on this topic were a major problem in our relationship, to the point where we almost split because of it (this was before we were married). So we learned to compromise.   We've each had to give a little bit - I try to keep things cleaner, he has become more accepting of clutter when it's there. I'm glad we didn't let this be a deal-breaker for us because I can't imagine not having the family I have now.
0	I spent $100 dollars on drinks one night. Not including the drinks some guy bought for me. I woke up with a hangover vomit on the floor, all my furniture in my room knocked over, and no idea how I got home. The buddy I went out with that night was sober enough to get me home, despite me apparently being so drunk I forgot my address, knocked over my furniture, and promptly passed out on the floor. I'm not sure when I moved to my bed.
1	Ok, so I should only ever roam if I'm ahead? I originally saw it as a way to salvage a poor lane matchup for myself as well as a way to leverage my lead. But say I am already losing lane, and split it up into two scenarios, 1: I am down about 10cs and the enemy owner is scaling better than me. 2: I am being dominated by a counter and can barely get within xp range let alone cs.
1	the passive for the heart-harrowing hatchet is actually better than current reaver and your propsed reaver passive is even more insane   Additionally you propsed an item with 3800 gold cost but doesnt give 80 ad which actually makes it less appealing than current reaver (keeping in mind that the passive would have to be nerfed because it is just way too high)   The reasoning for the passive being broken is imagine someone like jayce who can do a ton of physical dmg very quickly could basically replenish his entire mana pool in 1 combo, for example using "to the skies" "shock blast" and "acceleration gate" would cost a total of 185 mana but with just base dmgs at lvl 13 (both Q and E maxed) reaver would refund 59.2 mana, but that is with no dmg items at all. With dmg items (lets just say 100 ad for ease of calculation) you are getting 86 mana back. So with almost no items you are getting almost half of your mana back (and this excludes how easy it would be to auto attack to get mana back, especially with W in range mode).   An even better example is someone like ezreal, if he has triforce and some ad items according to your verbiage the triforce sheen proc would contribute to his mana refund which would allow him to cast his low cost Q for free (40 cost, dealing 115 base + 200% ezreals base ad + 100% ad. Assuming no other physical dmg added like bork or other on hits)   Mana as a stat is useless when the passive on your item gives so much mana regen potential, if you want this item to be good you need to drop the final price, ditch the mana and make that passive reasonable but not broken   One last thing you probably didn't consider is muramana. Lets just say you have 2000 mana, at full mana you would consume 60 mana to do 120 dmg (which at 10% refund would give you 12 mana back + whatever your auto attack dmg or skill dmg was) which means you would get 20% of the cost of muramana refunded and since its a flat 10% it would be very easy to stay at max mana with auto attacks, so you could leave muramana on all game with no need to worry about it.
1	I'm all for Quinn buffs, but I believe she doesn't need ult buffs really. The ult is situational and I feel pride when I use such a strange and unique ult correctly. I feel she really just needs to have a better time as a normal adc. ADCs with situational ults like Caitlyn and Lucian have it a lot easier in teamfights even though they, like Quinn, have ults that cant just be used at the start of a teamfight without thinking hard about what you are doing. Quinn is already punished without an ult if she wants the play the kiting adc role in a teamfight, I don't see why she has to have 525 range as well. I think that giving her 25 more auto attack range and 25 range on her E (to sync with her now increased auto attack range, as she will bounce back 550~ range instead of 525~) Though a seemingly small buff, I think it will go a ways to helping Quinn play as an actual adc when the need arises without being as gimped in comparison to other adcs.
0	Wow I gotta share this story. After this exact situation happened, I was a little bit offended. One, because the new boyfriend was close to 5'5'', uglier, never went out with her, and tried to tell her what she could and could not do. Well anyways my FB ends up getting evicted from her apartment because she can't pay rent. I let her crash at my place (no funny business) and even invite new boyfriend over for dinner and such.  He does not oblige us with his presence.   So FB breaks up with him when she starts sleeping with my then soon-to-be-married roommate. I find out, all hell breaks loose, and the
1	Veigar's changes hit before he was played in NA LCS at all - and if you want to mention that he was played in LCK before that, remember that all the new animations have to take time, not to mention they said they were looking at him even back when they were just announcing they would be removing dfg before that patch even hit.
0	Actually, like it or not, at 18 your are in fact an adult (in America at least).  Also being a teenager and being an adult are not mutually exclusive.  Perhaps the word you mean to say is grown up, but many would say that even at 20 you're not grown up, or even at 30 you're not grown up, etc.  It is essentially just a way for older people to bitch at younger people because they don't like to think of these younger people as adults.   EDIT:
0	when I lived in NYC I was a waitress/bartender. I was about 19.  I would work 7 days a week, doubles most days and still not get by. On top of that, the man who owned the restaurant was the most mysogonistic, homophobic asswipe you'd ever want to meet. This man would tell gay employees "what, can you not do your job because you were up all night getting fucked in the ass?"....yeah that kind of thing. That combined with the fact that he was stealing money from us (a scam he worked out with our paychecks) made for what some night call a "hostile" work environment. Anyway, after I was given manager responsibilities I got into a habit of voiding expensive items off the check after a table left if they had paid in cash, allowing me to keep whatever that cash was. If I were working the bar, I would just not ring in a few drinks if I saw someone whip out cash. I never did this to excessively, Just enough to make sure I wasn't going home that night super broke. I'd like to believe in my heart of hearts that those people would rather I have the money than such an awful man. Who knows. I'm rationalizing shitty behavior.
0	I tried to find the clip, but couldn't... My favorite episode of Grey's Anatomy (I don't watch anymore) features a cameo by Faye Dunaway as the aging Dr. Campbell who refuses to admit she's become obsolete.  Her excellent bedside manner and years of experience with her return patients allows her to explain away routine mistakes as "complications". I haven't seen the episode in forever, but I think she does a gall-bladder operation by hand when newer, laproscopic procedures (which she refuses to learn, because of the  back in my day  bullshit discourse) could have done the job much better.  Toward the end of the episode, after Dr. Yang (Sandra Oh) embarrasses her in front of the interns during a surgery she has a Oscar-worthy meltdown screaming "THIS IS STILL MY O.R!!!! OUT! EVERYONE OUT!!!"  Then they fire her.
0	Doctors get paid much better in the states. Mind you, they get paid a fucking shitload in the states. They get paid well in Canada but in Quebec there's a lot of bullshit work added on top that makes them want to leave.
1	It's a bug..   "V1.0.0.120: Will now mark you in combat for receiving/dealing any damage, even if it is absorbed by shields."
1	Well lets be honest here if you get snow balled and have been ganked 5-10 times and your jungler is an afk farm yi or udyr, then you have the right to at least be annoyed and blame them if they blame you. But that is a different story.   Also one gank can turn around a lane. I have snow balled a lane and then been ganked causing me to loose tower and advantage some times. Remember the hole 7 min dmg resist on towers, a jungler can easily save a lane at around that mark.
0	Being a father is the most wonderful thing in the world.  It's something you have to experience in the right time to understand.  I loved being a teenager and having less responsibility, but you know what?  If you work hard now to channel your future into doing something you live like I do, your life will be so much more rewarding.  I'm currently writing for a gaming website and its a blast.  It didn't just fall into my lap though, it's something I had to work for and develop my skills early on.
0	Here's an aspect that hasn't been covered yet. When you have a girlfriend all of the other "sure things" remain sure things that you just never followed up on. When you're single, you follow up on the "sure thing" to discover that several of them evaporate.
0	It was my first night bartending. I was just moved up from bar back and I was so excited. The pub had been fully rented out for a wedding so we were told to wear white shirts and to look as good as possible. The servers had been busy putting up decorations all afternoon, we had been scrubbing down the bar so everything shined like stars in the night sky. Beautiful. The guests came streaming in, and we set it up like a toonie bar: all drinks were $2 for the guest and the groom was to cover whatever was left. Guests were giving us $5 bills for single glasses of wine, telling us to keep the change. It was great, I was having fun! Got about two hours into it when all hell broke loose. Guests were asking to use the locked handicapped washroom beside the bar, we were confused why no one was using the full washrooms just downstairs. They were recently renovated so they were super nice, all stone tiles, black walls, candles and the like. We asked a manager to check (we were slammed behind the bar, three of us going full tilt). She comes back, white as a ghost and asks me to grab a mop and meet her downstairs. The pipes had backed up beneath the washrooms, ladies first and then it backed up the men's too. Literal shit was oozing out of the floor drains, joined by water pouring out of the toilets. Even the sinks had chunks of nastiness coming back up from whatever watery grave they came from. I was told to start mopping to stay ahead of it, my manager was going to call an emergency plumber. I wadded into the middle of the ladies room with a mop bucket that felt woefully inadequate and started schlepping and schlopping sewer water into my bucket, trying to clean up this mess. The next three hours, in my mind, is just a brown blur, interrupted only by the plumber eventually arriving, putting a snake down our pipes and eventually finding a inflated ball of tampons the size of a volleyball fully plugging our aging building's poor drainage system.  I finished that night smelling like bleach with two ruined shoes. My manager bought me a drink. Thank god.
1	It does not matter when you place your turrets. I agree that it is completely pointless to place your turrets at the outset of a fight. However,     Heimerdinger has to settle for either good damage or safe distance. If you get close to everyone and drop turrets, your turrets will do steady consistent damage and shred. However, they are much more vulnerable to aoe damage. In addition, getting that close to a fight as Heimerdinger is a certain death sentence, as Heimerdinger's health pool and defensive stats are ridiculously low.    If you choose to go for an 'just outside of fight range' turret placement, your turrets can only fight people on the outside of the fight, and have the risk of the fight just moving away from your turret range. However, Heim is much safer this way as he is not in the middle of the fight and can kite/spam missiles.      Yes, your ultimate speeds up your grenade. But grenade's cooldown is so high that you can only get off one during the actual ultimate. Since you max the skill last because heimer's other abilities are much better, in addition to a low AP ratio, grenade barely scratches. By the time it comes off cooldown, your ultimate is down and your grenade goes back to being nearly useless.
0	A lot has to deal with the transition era in the Vietnam war.   Since the Vietnam war was the first one the American people saw on television and didn't just read in the newspaper. It hit home and people didnt like it.   Veterans returning home where spit on, shamed, and treated terribly. It wasn't a good time period for thoes serving. Though, no fault of their own.   Once people kinda realized it was more about support for the son or daughter overseas than supporting a war. Attitudes changed.   Then everyone kinda was like: shit, we were kinda assholes to thoes guys coming home. So more support was drummed up and it slowly got better.   However, I don't think anyone sat the public down and said "Thanks for changing your mind and supporting us as troops, you don't have to do all this". Kinda balooning out from there.   Then 9-11 rules around and everyone went full MURICA. Everyone signed up for war and because of the way news reports happen in this current political climate culture, support the troops became a political grandstanding position. If you don't support the troops, your a dirty terrorist. So everyone goes above and beyond, so not too hint they might not support the troops. Then a holiday called veterans day comes around and kinda just splashes more pressure on top.
1	Don't die.   This is the most important thing to know about the game. If you give up first blood and/or start dying you become discouraged and play worse.   Play it safe. If an ally is about to die (1 ally v 2+ enemies) and you are close by, let them die. Better that the enemy only gets one kill rather than two.   Don't go into bushes if you don't know where the enemy is (hit tab and if their picture isn't lit up you don't have vision).   Don't be overly aggressive and don't spam your abilities in lane, that's not what they're for (unless you are playing a champ who is supposed to spam like Ryze or Cass and even then you have to know  when  to spam).   Mana management is important. Don't take clarity as a crutch. I used to, and as a result it took me way too long to learn proper mana management. This comes with experience, and some champs are easier than others in this regard (Anivia is a bitch).   [Last hit.]( This is difficult to do at low levels since people are way over aggressive in lane. Try your best. Farm wins games.   Knowing how much damage you can do and how much damage you can take comes with experience. There's not much you can do about learning which champs beat others until you've played those matchups. This takes time. You can only get so much from a guide or video. Firsthand experience is best.   Also if you do die don't fight the enemy 1v1 after. They have a gold advantage and xp advantage which means you will most likely lose.
0	This is the simple, but not the only answer, that I've learned in my time.   My uncle, who is only 12 yrs older than I am, told me before I went off to college, always ask out the hottest girl you see. Why? Because almost every guy is to shy to ask them out. Now I love my uncle, but he's not the handsomest guy by a long shot, he started balding pretty aggressively by 19. Yet he brought home some of the hottest women I've ever seen during his 20s.   Yes you'll still get shot down, but that's always a risk when asking someone out. But you'll land some bombshells along the way.
0	The difference is that the penguin is (supposed to be) used to describe a situation made awkward because of one's own social lacking. And the seal is (supposed to be) used to describe an awkward situation made awkward by an outside source.
1	I don't think this is true at all.  Just because CLG.eu's bot lane isn't as famous and flashy as Froggen and Wickd doesn't mean that they're the big weakness.  I believe a member of CLG.eu has actually gone out and said that their bot lane duo is the biggest part of their success (I could be wrong about that one, though).   In any case, the reason CLG.eu does well is their 5-man synergy and friendship with one another.  They all appear to really know and like one another, they sing together before and during games to keep morale up.  If you switched out 40% of the team, you would kill that wonderful comfort-level and infect it with the significantly more morale-killing presence of players from CLG.na.  Chauster is loud as hell and Doublelift swears a lot.  Doesn't really seem like a good fit.
1	Thanks, it'll be very useful for anyone, who's seeking for
1	I got the same feeling the first time I tuned into SV and didn't want to see his stream ever again. Out of curiosity, I went to his stream again in hopes he'd be better and he was drunk as fuck. I tuned into his stream regularly for a while because whenever he was drunk, he would tell the best stories and had many humorous moments during his stream.
1	Same. I'd rather watch streams and LCS. Before, I would be so exited to go home after class to fit in one game before I would have to do HW. But now, it's not fun to play. I don't quite know what it is, but I'm assuming it's probably the toxic players and AFK. Mostly everyone is nice and encourages you, and helps you out. I don't know why I cant play with just redditors. I guess since I'm not challenger I don't play with redditors.
0	Justice applies to both the victim and perpetrator. It is supposed to be about fairness, rehabilitation, and restitution. It's not about revenge. An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.   People who do fucked up shit are still people and still have value. People who do fucked up shit can go on to live exemplary lives and do great things. Not all of them, mind you, but every person has the potential to do great things.   Yeah, I get being angry. People tend to get angry when fucked up shit happens to or around them. It's ok to be angry. Yeah, I get wanting revenge. It's a natural impulse. It's ok to want revenge.   This is exactly why the victim doesn't get to decide what the punishment is. The point of a justice system is to take the whole judgment and punishment thing away from people who are emotionally attached to the transgression and place it in the hands of (supposedly) unbiased people who are supposed to act in a fair and reasonable manner, deciding guilt or innocence based solely upon the facts, and applying common sense and mature judgment when deciding punishment.
1	Yeah I've noticed this too - I figured it might be champs that people pick but then ultimately choose someone else during draft mode champ select. I just figured this cuz I wanted Janna, some guy picked her then went ali and I could pick her despite a big red circle on her face. So I tried to troll enemy team and just clicked through EVERY champion I owned. No idea if it worked though..
0	Premise: I am half black and half white so I can be as racist as I fucking want.)   Alright, what you (presumably) white people don't realize is that, EVERY OTHER AWARDS SHOW IS FOR WHITE PEOPLE.   --90% of TV shows and movies have white main actors and actresses.  --100% of networks are owned by white people (Including you're favorite channel to bash, BET) --I can really go on and on but you can youtube search "Kanye West Taylor Swift" and you will get the idea. "BEYONCE HAD THE BEST MUSIC VIDEO OF ALL TIME". Though that might not be true, it was damn sure better than Swift's.   This all comes back to the clever white person adage "if white people had a channel called White Entertainment Television it would be so racissssstt" .... EVERY OTHER CHANNEL ON AMERICAN CABLE IS WHITE ENTERTAINMENT TELEVISION   This then comes back to how Black Power is looked at as positive movement whereas anyone who screams "White Power" is a racist.  Black people have a struggle that they need to unite for. A struggle that was imposed on them by the whites, originally.  What long term, fucked up struggle have white people, in America, gone through?  A white person screaming white power is like saying they would like to maintain said power, power that blacks have never had in America.   You need to put yourself in another person's shoes every once in a while.   I started this post by saying I am half black and half white to say now that I receive the most hate out of anyone in America.  I will tell you how: --Dark skinned dudes hate me because it is easier for me to get a job and for white people to like me. Also, dark skinned girls are assumed to be more attracted to light skinned dudes (NOT EVERY DARK SKINNED PERSON IS LIKE THIS BUT I WOULD SAY A MAJORITY ARE) --I get hate from white people because, well, white people do not like black people (NOT EVERY WHITE PERSON IS LIKE THIS BUT I WOULD SAY A MAJORITY ARE)
1	A knave; a rascal; an eater of broken meats; base, proud, shallow, beggarly, three-suited, hundred-pound, filthy, worsted-stocking knave; a lily-livered, action-taking knave, a whoreson, glass-gazing, super-serviceable finical rogue; one-trunk-inheriting slave; one that wouldst be a bawd, in way of good service, and art nothing but the composition of a knave, beggar, coward, pandar, and the son and heir of a mongrel bitch: one whom I will beat into clamorous whining, if thou deniest the least syllable of thy addition.
1	There were many miscalculations that lead to this event fail. first of all the venue's capacity was 3000 people and there were at least half of that number waiting outside after the venue was full. So Riot organised and open event without a general entrance fee in a country that holds a community of 60-80000 lol players and expected this single venue to be sufficient. What they could have done alternatively is either print tickets for the event (something that would prevent the really young kids from just showing up just out of curiosity) or make the event at another venue (there are a couple of venues located a couple of kilometres from the event that have 10000-20000 capacity). Apart from that another venue would most probably provide more entrances to the people attending as the current venue had just 1 entrance (something that increased the entrance time to something up to 3 hours).   ps: its worth noting that the venue in which riot held the event is not an actual exhibition center but a venue that worked as a night club last winter.
1	Winning botlane is huge, though. If you can win, and not like have a 15 cs advantage at 20 minutes, but like...win the shit out of your lane, you effectively remove 2 people from the enemy team. If your duo lane leaves lane up 6-1, you have a much greater impact than being a 6-1 midlane assassin or a jungler who managed to get his team into position to pick up 6 kills.   The jungler might be 2-1-4, but if those kills are spread out, that is a series of small victories spread over the whole team. But this is soloqueue. You don't snowball a 2k gold lead in soloqueue like the pros do. One or 2 deaths don't put you completely out of a game. They certainly aren't good, but you can just ward and be safer and back up and live and catch up.   If the midlaner gets 6 kills, they can surely oneshot someone, but they aren't the best at taking objectives. AP champions exist to fight other champions. AD midlaners are generally melee, so they run into some issues with taking towers that are contested as well. Unless they're a reset champion, they will likely only be flexing their lead on one or two people in a team fight.   A fed botlane is really scary, though. The ADC is one of the strongest roles after about 3 items. It is also the role that generally does worst in the experience department. The ADC will be fed at the expense of their direct opponents. The same isn't true of a roaming mid or a jungler. Mid can get shut down in lane and roam and get fed off of botlane. The enemy mid is still strong, though. Jungle can get fed a little off of every lane, but so can the opposing jungle. If an ADC gets fed in the laning phase, it is at the expense of the other teams ADC and support.   So the winning botlane might be level 12 when the solo lanes are level 13, and the losing botlane might be level 9. The winning botlane will also be an item ahead, at least. That means the 5-0-1 ADC will have a BT and Statikk Shiv compared to a BF sword and vamp scepter, which really isn't that useful.   The winning ADC will be able to dish out a ton of damage, especially if they can get an item or two before the other team's tanks get an item or two. The losing ADC will have 150 AD and .9 AS and no crit chance.   The winning support will have a vision advantage and quite possibly have a completed tank or damage item, giving even more to the team, while the enemy support will be relying on a level 1 ultimate to make things happen.
0	To be fair, some of those override flushing buttons are not in any way shape or form intuitive. There's no consistency and there's no obvious indications. It's sometimes a simple black protrusion next to another black piece of plastic on a metal panel on the wall, sometimes it's a chrome button on the side of a chrome fixture that could just as well be a bolt or some protrusion of the flushing mechanism.   Those are obvious to those who have experience with them, but unless you grew up with them, you are probably forgetting an event where you were like "WTF, how the hell does this god damn toilet work".
0	That in the middle though. Been in a relationship for over 2 years. Starts getting rocky, i try harder, it gets worse. Decided that I need to focus on me being happy so I stop texting as much, we dont talk on the phone as much and now she wants to see me more and is interested in sex quite a bit more.
1	there are 2 of these threads on the frontpage currently.   we dont need either.   zzzzzz.
1	How could you not know this before? are you like foreign or something?   This post doesn't even belong in /r/lol, go back to 9gag and stop poisoning the quality content of this subreddit.
0	Whoa, this is a thing? Like 4 years ago, my friends and I couldn't grow beards for "no-shave november" and thought if we started "no semen september" that it would somehow redirect the testosterone to our faces. Did someone else think of this? Or did our idea actually catch on?
0	When did the marriage start to go south? When did the sex start to taper off?   On the first night of our honeymoon.   > Was it ADDRESSED at the start or allowed to go on until it became irreparable? See my line of thinking, if EITHER of you had been as attentive as the other has a right to expect, the problem could have been solved or at least helped.   I couldn't agree more.  And it would have been best helped by not getting married in the first place, but she was opposed to sex before marriage and I honored that, so we had only a little basis for sexual compatibility prior to marriage.  At the time, though, it seemed reasonably hot - and I was sufficiently attracted to her - that I never really imagined sex would be an issue.   Once it started, I tried such as I could to address the issue, but she was (and is) absolutely unwilling to look at it, and I was very young (25) with only a couple long-term relationships under my belt (none of which had any issues with lack of sex) so I really didn't know what to do but to try to get her to change (which is impossible) and eventually seek therapy myself much later on when I wasn't able to cope with the sexual anorexia.  But as my therapist explained, "tsontar,  she  doesn't  have  a problem.   You  have the problem.   She's  perfectly OK with the status quo.  And the problem is,  your  problem is only going to get better when  she  changes, and nobody changes uncomfortable things unless  they have the problem. "   Problem was, it wasn't until I was twelve years into the marriage that I  finally  understood that message, and left.  If I had understood that message a lot sooner, instead of trying to get her to change, I would have left very early on.   Edit: thing is, she is a very loving person in her way (especially if you are a wounded animal - she's a vet), and thus a very sympathetic / likable person - so for me to leave her "because of sex" seemed like something that would automatically make me a douche, as you so kindly put it.  Now that I have experience, I know that I was wrong to think that.
0	Essentially there are two problems with the idea of "respect the beliefs of X":   1) Of "public" versus "private": Christians confuse this a lot. When they publically announce that Jesus hates homosexuals and I confront them they claim I'm attacking their "private" beliefs--as if now I will be in their bedrooms making sure they aren't "christian" anymore. This is a failure I see all the time.   2) Tolerance versus adoption: Religion gets a free pass while other ideas do not. This is stupid. Religious ideas are ideas--and open for criticism. However, it would be a total waste of time to "police ideas" in any tyrannical or repressive system. Everybody with any sense knows this. So, if some asserts some religious idea to support an argument I'll point out what a stupid idea it is. But they're welcome to have ideas all they want--even after their stupid idea fails to be voted into public practice.
0	oh no, there is more.   >letting her physical figure go   he is incredibly shallow by holding on to looks.  one day, after he gets hit by a bus and has facial reconstruction surgery, he will wish he had a woman that had a physical figure.   >petroleum engineer who's willing to help her start up her own art studio and pay off her $65,0000 student loan   he holds onto that pat on the shoulder, everything has a dollar value kind of person.  which is fine, but it just sounds like they weren't compatible.   so basically douchebag broke up with probably a good girl. now mr douchebag is framing it to sound like he was the good guy.  been there, seen it, i'm writing a book.
1	It's not spontaneous. I feel like people aren't really reading what Riot posted in this thread.   From Riot Sargonas:   "The application still has this functionality in place for general use and other games, however Curse has modified the program to "turn off" this feature in combination with league of legends. This was one changes they made, yes. That's probably why you still see this on their site."
1	If what yu're stating is true, you should play better than your opponents.... why are you still falling then? Possible reasons could be:     negativity. easily fixeable. Do not write a single thing in chat, besides your prefered role. everything else can be communicated through pings. If your team accuses you of something or flame, just ignore them. Do not say a thing.     Blaming your teammates for your losses. May not be a problem right now, but it will hinder your further improvement. I have had that problem in the past and by now i have changed from a "i have to win/climb" attitude to " i have to play well, i dont care if i win". That makes you focus more on your own play and you wont go on tilt because your teammates make a few mistakes.     Do not give up early. Let's be honest, we all suck. We all throw sometimes, but so do our enemies.... The opponents have a fed vayne? Every pro would hvae surrendered this game? Wait, what? She just tried to 1v5? They tried to fight 4v5 afterwards? gg wp we win. Everything is possible in silver.
0	Yeah... except the kind of people who attack men for having "privilege" refuse to be pragmatic about it. I could say exactly the same thing about the supposed "wage gap" being down to personal choices, but nobody who makes the "77 cents" claim (including the president) is willing to be pragmatic.
0	I had already signed a lease to live with him and three other friends the following year. I signed that lease before he became an absolute Tool.  Upon him hearing that he had destroyed the security deposit he took off, leaving us to clean the rest of the place, not mentioning that sec dep thing. So I didn't see him until later that night when we were drinking at a friends house. He owed me a bit less then 400 bucks for the security deposit, then more for some other unrelated shit. Tried to be reasonable. Gimmie 50/month until this is done. Ended up having the hassle him for two weeks every month. so glad that period of life is done.
1	I think they should have captions. I watch everything with captions because I used I live in an apartment with asshole neighbors who would complain at the littlest noise. It has gotten to the point where I almost can't watch a movie or show without them because the words almost jumble together in my ears. I love watching esports but its hard to watch them when you also have to be quiet, or if you just prefer softer sound.   Another actual reason is I would really love to listen to music and watch esports but its hard because I am forced to listen to the game.
1	I "escaped" just this weekend. It was quite the slog!   I played (aside from maybe 3 games) support in every single game, which means I couldn't 'carry' myself out in the normal sense of the word (i.e. Killing all the enemy team). I had to rely on my team carries to do the killing.   It took me about 175 games to go from Silver 3 after initial ranking, to get into Gold, with some bouncing between S1 and S2 for a couple of weeks. I didn't dodge any games.   ~   Being reflective; communication was probably the key factor but perhaps not in the usual sense. Those games where we had some banter in the starting lobby typically went better. Those games where someone's rage was tempered before it got out of hand.   But I think the biggest thing I could do to boost my wins was around about the 20 min mark, if we are winning, then to encourage the team to group together and push/secure the win rather than roaming around looking for ganks, and being picked off one by one.   So many throws!   If all our throws were victories I'd have probably easily knocked off 50-80 games from my total. More if it were in promotion series games.
1	As an avid CLG.eu fan if I'm not mistaken CLG.eu tends to go turtle based comps such as anivia, and maokai, irelia(for some aggression incase they win the laning phase), and then they just farm for a while and wait for the perfect moment to fight in the late game and that one fight turns the game around pretty much, because the enemy team is dead for so long, they did this to M5 if I recall correctly a while back, I can't remember the match this was but I'll edit in if I find it.
1	Everyone says Shaco is weak, but in solo queue, he's actually insanely strong. He's great in the jungle, fine with clearing and fucking awesome against counterjungling (or countering himself). He gets away from damn near anything. His ganks are really strong, and do good stuff for your lanes.   One thing I've noticed from playing him, is that people just act like he's any other ganker, so you get serious damage on them, and often times a kill. You can then snowball that lane, but it doesn't stop there. For some reason, people just assume that you're going to be the problem, so they start focusing you, which leaves your now-fed laners to destroy them in teamfights while you ult and lololDeceive away.
1	Here's the problem.   You're right. It probably wasn't just for those 5 cases. Almost definitely wasn't for those 5 cases. I would say there's an easy 90%, probably closer to 98% chance that it definitely was not  only  those 5 cases that got him banned (I hate using 99%). But...   Those 5 cases are all that are showed to us. That's all we have to use to judge someone guilty or innocent. That's it. Those 5 cases. Most of us are not Riot employees, and we cannot do a huge League background check on players to see how many times they have been reported, or what their pre/post game chat looks like, or whatever indication of toxicity shows that they need to be banned.   We don't have that. We have 5 cases. Those 5 cases do not support a ban. So...what? What were people voting on, then? The idea of "well, he's probably been way worse outside of these 5 cases"?   That's definitely how the Tribunal should work. Assumption. Not what is presented (which does not seem to support a ban, yet was voted by the majority to do so), but what we assume exists in the background.   It just is a dumb way to justify Tribunal verdicts like these. "Well, he was probably much worse than this, we just didn't get to see it!" If we didn't see it, it didn't happen. Or we could change the name to The Witch Trials.
0	I'd beg to differ. Let's take the Skrillex vs opera as an example. Let's assume we have a way to accurately measure intelligence, maturity and other similar factors.   Skrilles has a much larger fanbase. There are people from all kinds of environments - poor and rich, educated and uneducated.   Opera has a small fanbase that tends to come from the same social layer - they're older and tend to have (at minimum) a bachelor's degree( Found this study to back that up) .   You could then only consider Skrillex fans from one social layer but then it wouldn't be a valid study anymore, because you're be ignoring a big percent of the audience.   I'd argue that the same tendency would be in other forms of entertainment. It only appears as if only 'stupid' people enjoy reality shows because 'intelligent' people would maybe be ashamed that they like it - given that reality shows are seen as being for 'stupid people' only.
0	I almost had it twice. My appendix ruptured and I went walking around with it for 3 days before going to the hospital. Due to the infection that was caused by the rupturing, the doctors feared that slicing me open to remove it would be a risk to my further health. So after being in the hospital 3-4 weeks, I was released and went home for almost a month.   Fast forward time for my C.T. Scans a week prior to my surgery: I get scanned and they rush me to the hospital, turns out my appendix had healed, and was about to rupture again. I get there and I get it removed before it ruptured again.
0	I feel like people who aren't teachers have improper perspective on the job itself. Where as people who are teachers have a "holier than thou" attitude. (Soley based on these posts).   I myself am a high school teacher. Graduated 3rd (of 115) from my high school and was on the dean's list throughout 4 years while pursuing a BSc (double major in Biology and Psychology,  minor in Earth Science). I'd like to think I am a relatively intellegent person, who went on to become a teacher.   That being said, I agree that teaching isnt the toughest job in the world. My wife is an ICU Nurse...and I'd never be able to deal with the shit she does (ie. Shift work and people who could die at the drop of a hat). However,  as she has informed me, she'd never want to do what I do. Stand onfront of (on average) 120 15-17 year old kids and try to teach them things, prepare lessons that are engaging as well ad informative,  handle classroom management (such as that ine kid who just jumped out a window...or that other kid that just full on bitch smacked another kid). My point is ever job has its difficulties and its easy portions, however until you have 1st hand experience (such that you have got the training, degrees, and job) don't knock it based on preconceived notions and shit experiences you've had with someone who was clearly not good at their job.   For me to get my current postion, I underwent an interview that 14 other applicants also took...but I managed to come out on top. This was after applying for a total of 12 other positions that individuals more experienced than myself recieved. Yes it's true that places are crying for teachers...but the government isn't putting money into education departments to allow for them to come in.
0	Any girl with a sister has a 50/50 chance of being the less attractive one one.   If you get a hot girlfriend, chances are her sister will be too. If the sister is hotter, its likely something your girlfriend knows and has been insecure about for her  entire life .   Besides that, there's more to what makes a good partner than pure physical attractiveness. A person's personality is completely independent of their level of attractiveness. Maybe the sister is hotter, but the girlfriend might have more common interests with you and be a better person. Then again she might not be.   M point is, yeah, you can say "Oh I should have kept it to myself."   But honestly... If you hadn't been thinking like a shallow asshole, the thought wouldn't have occurred to you in the first place.   I'm not saying you shouldn't notice that the sister is hotter. But to even think "I guess I picked the wrong sister." shows that you have a lot of growing up to do. It also makes it look like you felt like you were just settling for this girl in the first place.
