1	reddit downvotes threads over time so old posts don't stay at the top for forever.   as for how to keep your cool in ranked games, do you find yourself getting mad at people in normals? if so, it will be very hard for you to just have fun in ranked games. i personally play ranked games similarly to how i play normals. the only major difference is i try to stick to characters and positions I'm good at (mainly play support or ad carry, occasional jungle, have around 3 consistantly good champs for each position).   In both normals and ranked games I hold very little to no expectations for my teammates. I play support and never assume my ad carry will know what i want him to do, and don't even expect for him to win an advantageous lane. This way I'm usually pretty happy with my teammate when he does well, and not disappointed when he feeds.   If someone on your team is flaming, you have two options; muting him or standing up to him. I personally prefer to say that his flaming isn't helping (usually saying "saying [his flaming quote] isn't going to help anyone win or do better") ONLY if the flaming isn't directed towards you. If the flaming is directed towards you, just mute him and forget he said anything. I choose to say something when the flaming is directed towards someone else because it helps keep the person being flamed from going on tilt and making more mistakes. I don't defend myself because it is likely to start a big argument that involves the two of you. this will put many people on tilt as well as distract them from the game, almost guaranteeing a loss.   2 last things i try to do to keep my cool and have fun while playing ranked. First, tell people on either team who do something good/cool that his move looked really cool. just helps lighten the very serious mood involved in ranked games. second, don't play more than 3 games in a row of ranked. every time i stay to play a 3rd or 4th ranked match, one of two things happen. either i lose a 3rd or 4th straight game and get really mad at all my teammates and ruin my day, or i lose the winning streak i had just shy of some elo goal i set. and if its the latter, i start to get mad and reque because i was sooooooo close and want to get it again. after, i start getting mad at every mistake because i really want that elo.
0	The dude was cursing his "god-like metabolism". I think we can safely say that he wishes he didn't metabolize as many calories, so that he would bulk up more easily. People flip out whenever someone says "I wish I metabolized more/less calories", whether or not the person whose comment is rustling the jimmies is talking about base metabolism or not.   And no, base metabolism is not all that matters. The rest of your physical activity beyond survival matters, as well. If I'm sitting around all day, I'm going to gain weight pretty easily, because I'm metabolizing very little over my base metabolism. If I am active, I will metabolize much more than the average person (because of a combination of a physically active job/lifestyle and being almost 7 feet tall).   Again, the  whole answer  is more than just "lol, eat more" or "lol, base metabolism ftw". Base metabolism is one thing to consider, the rest of your physical activity is another thing, and diet is yet another (both quantity and quality).   And, before someone pulls the "Oh, this guy just  thinks  he eats a lot, but he doesn't know", yes, I do know. About 4,000 calories a day. I don't run. I bike less than a mile a day (commute to work), I walk around a store all day, repeatedly lifting and carrying 50+ pound items, etc. I have plenty of heavy-set coworkers who are not likely to be downing 4,000 calories daily, and we're doing the same work, yet I lose weight, and they don't. Yes this is anecdotal, but I'm sharing because it fleshes out some ideas substantiated by some good research that's been done.
1	As for the first part, I have to disagree with your outlook on it because I don't think it's that simple.  Let's say what Athene says was true, and that he gets a lot of trolls every day because he has a large hater-base.  If the sole intent of the troll is to make the game hard for him, then there are ever so many ways to make the game hard for him without leaving a trail of evidence for tribunal.  For example, banning his champions is not going to show up on tribunal, neither will summoner names for people to know that he's really Athene.  If a person doesn't get to ban his champions and goes into the game with their goal of making it harder for him to win in mind, they may play a champion that they aren't good at on purpose, or they may intentionally perform badly.  Tribunal will not be able to tell if they are "trolling" unless they make it obvious in the chat, in items, or have too many deaths, and it's really easy to get away with it if you aren't dumb about it.   I do agree that he should learn how to play other champions though.
1	According to MLG and Riot, Curse and Dignitas agreed to a prize split before the tournament (legal). They also decided to play an ARAM in game 1 (legal). Where they got in trouble was, when investigating the prize split, there were (allegedly) indications/evidence of the teams deciding who would win, as a condition of and/or in conjunction with the prize split, which is not allowed.   I of course was not there so I do no know one way or the other if dig and curse did or didn't do this, so I'll just wait for more information to come from the organizations of the teams, as well as mlg and riot.
1	This is even more annoying if you're in my position. I played a few ranked games (qualifier then 2 more games) and I dodges 3 og my qualifiers not knowing it gave you a loss so my 4w-3l went to 4w-6l and then I didn't bother to play after being placed in bronze 1. Now every fucking game I play normal people say "typical bronze pay lmao" etc.... It's really getting on my nerves. This happens because my MMR is quite high, every game I play with/against at least 2-3 gold players and usually some plats.
1	Well, that's not the case. Riot just spent a shit ton of time making the jungle "Better" so why would they go and make it useless with Targons? I'm sure they will fix it, because as of right now 2-1-2 lanes are easier to win lanes than 1-1-2-1 lanes. AND you get more gold for TWO PEOPLE than 1 person in the jungle... 2 people pushing top against ONE person will most likely always win that lane, you will kill tower pretty much every single time, the problem with it before was one person didn't get enough gold, and was lacking behind, but now with targons they BOTH get gold.   It would be pointless to have someone jungle while there is a 2-1-2 set up against them, because while they are bot helping them, top is still being pushed, kinda like having a 24/7 jungle babysitter.   It WILL get fixed, possibly by making it so it can't stack, or you can't kill creeps without charges, or it resets the timer on the passive, or something.
1	Winning a game is easy, but you cannot rely on Solo Queue to carry you. You need to carry your team to win a game, true you cannot always carry cos eventually you will run into a team who plays better than yours.   I play Caitlyn ADC and i can pretty much carry any game unless the team uber feeds or i have a bad laning phase which i can do at times cos im not the best and there is always players who are better.   Over 30 games i lost 6, 3 of those were down to afker from start the other 3 were down to me having a bad lane or a bad support.   I was always on a 5:1 KD ratio in all games finishing some games with 20+ kills.   If you have a bad laning phase you need to spend the midgame farming everything, a well fed/farmed champion can carry any game.. but if you arent farming or killing then you will fall behind and struggle.
1	I feel that there are "girl gamers" and women who play games. A "girl gamer" is a a woman who plays multiplayer games like (but not limited to) CoD and Battlefield. They do it for some attention because they have a wierd complex set apon them by the "pressure" of modern life. Women who play play video games an just like the majority of guys who play and they only play for the enjoyment of the game, they also seem to stray away from the AAA titles like CoD and play more strategic games or MMOs
0	Hold on a second there.  The placebo group also reported sexual and psyc side effects...despite the fact that they were taking a sugar pill.   Aside from that, the chance for side effects is very very low.  Have you looked at the sides for accutane?  Holy shit!  But, even something as mild as Asprin has the potential to kill you.  Some people are allergic to penicillin, yet look at how many lives it's saved!
0	I really feel Hilary is going to have the same problem Gore did. She already sees herself winning this thing with minimal required effort on her part. Its the "I have been around so long that I am a shoe in".  I think one of the big things that worked for Obama is we didn't know much about him. Same thing worked for Kennedy, Reagan and Carter. They had political background but not extensive political background. Its hard to sling mud when you don't have much to choose from which is one of the reasons why most of mud slung at Obama was about his birth origins, what else could the other side attack. Hilary and Jeb have been in the public eye at a very high level for a long time, especially Hilary. We know that the Republicans are going to be Bengahzi to death, why let them, elect someone else. Now I am not saying we should give the presidency to a person with little to no experience every time, just that it is hard to tarnish the image of a person based on their politics when that is the case.
0	I'd probably feel uncomfortable too. It's hard not to identify with characters that are similar to you.  Obviously I'm not a slave owner, but I  am  an educated white person who was born into the middle class.  There's a lot of privilege that comes with that, and while I don't own a plantation, there's a good chance that people in other countries have slaved to produce the clothing I wear and the electronic gadgets I use.   Then, I get to thinking about what other people are thinking.  If they're all cheering the slave on, they must be identifying with the slave, not his owner.  Morally, they're in the right and I am in the wrong, and this makes my uncomfortable.   Later on, I may try and justify it by saying that morality is subjective, a social construct, but by that logic, there was nothing immoral about slavery to begin with.  It's not an easy question.  In the end, I guess I have to accept that no matte how I attempt to deconstruct the argument in my favour, I am racist, or at least  classist .  What I believe, what I do, and what I feel are three different concepts, and while I may believe racism is bad and may actively attempt to avoid acting in racist ways, it doesn't stop me from having racist sentiments.
0	Similar: when I was in high school, my step-dad rented a  power aerator .   He showed me how to operate the machine, but he couldn't control it. It kept veering off to the side and getting out of control. I tried and had no problem. He tried again, but still couldn't figure out to how to keep it steady. My turn, and again, I had no problem -- smooth as silk.   Finally, he got so pissed off that I could manage it when he couldn't, that he did the job himself to prove that I wasn't better than he was.
1	Vlad is amazing because of how resourceful he can be with his builds along with his range. Want to sustain the entire lane and whittle them down? Spell Vamp for you to go along with your vamp Q. How about damage, want to nuke them like crazy? Go ahead and build yourself an ap nuke item like DFG, his ultimate combined with the DFG is a boosted 32% damage! Maybe you want to be tanky and still deal damage. No problem, liandrys torment is waiting for you along with that sweet magic pen along with the synergy of your passive. Straight tanky vlad? That Warmogs, Zhonyas and Spirit Visage will do you lovely.
1	Dude... seriously? Meet OPZan, he just got into a game, with 4 premades in his team. Sadly enough, he accidentally fed the laning opponent, let's call him xPeke, xPeke however, thinks OPZan did a great job in lane, and did everything he could, while all OPZan's team can see is his score. Guess who's having 4 bad reviews?
1	I agree with this in principal, and I think people should be more flexible in normals. However, I think this is commonly used as an excuse to troll or piss about because you were unhappy with how champ select went which is unacceptable. Also the meta is there for very good reason and the only counter meta stuff that works is often played by pro players (remember lane swaps used to be really rare & ap trynd).
0	My parents were raised to differ to 'the community' and 'authourity figures' so nomatter what {I, other witnesses, and all physical evidence} indicated I would be 'shut up' and punished.  Often crimes  that never happened  would lack evidence, so they would 'demonstrate' the crime {manufacturing or destroying contradictory} evidence.   Years of assholes using this to {scapegoat me of their children's crimes or justify their abuse as 'corrective measures'} has habituated my family and community to automatically deny/contradict anything I say, and to automatically blame me for everything until a more likely suspect is established.   Decades after moving from that 'community'; when the police, bureaucrats or other 'persons of authority' have to follow up on a report involving me, they inevitably come into contact with {my family and 'people who know me'} who will make up lies in my name to incriminate me.  "X confessed" or "X did" being the most popular format, despite there being no actual physicall possible way either statement can be true, but rarely does the person doing the follow up take the time to ask "And what were you doing when [specific reported event] happened?"   Now; authorities will ignore me and contact whatever liar gives them what they want; Often because statements  in my name  contradict the statements  I  actually make.  That is if they don't just lie outright knowing that I cannot deny their claim in my name  because my {family and the people who 'know me'}  will intercept and interfere with due process.   Now; scumbags will lie in my name to override my decisions and to gain physical access to my home to rob and assault me. Phone company will 'reset' my the password to my email so they can subbordinate my finances (thousands of dollars lost); police have ignored the white fucking crackhead blowing pot smoke in every room of my apartment and (unbenownst to me) is stealing my roommate's engagement rings because officially "My story keeps changing"  when infact MY ROOMATE  IS  was BLACK- because all these people (I am unfortunately related to) are insisting that it's my roomate stomping aroung my apartment and the constable sees "a paranoid blazing pot head who if he doesn't shut up will go to jail directly."     The list of shit I have to tollerate goes on, and on. edit: enought to carry /rage for a while actually.     About two years ago; after I used a stake-knife to evict someone who introduced himself as a "friend" so that my mother would let him into my room unannounced WHILE I AM SLEEPING on her way to work. (I suffer from cataplexy, and am often unable to stand before my medication has taken effect.) I started aggressively engaging individuals I am related to force them to understand that confirming unsubstantiated statements in my name is a serious problem.  A few months later Dad pissed mom off by constantly insisting that I granted him permissions I never did (and calling me demanding that I confirm his lie)- making her more receptive to the idea that people lie in my name.   Improved medical treatment (now threatened by bureaucrats), has literally given me a voice when the established method of "shutting [me] up" is used, and Mom has slowly realised the extent of the damage decades of constant active undermining has caused.
1	For starters, you're an asshole. Then, ODEE is simply the manager of a major LoL team in the NA scene, and is seriously needing help. If that's not LoL related, I don't know what it.
1	in my last days of my gold climb (i do it every season for the free skin; not ambituous enough to go further), silver 1, i had a streak of about 16 games in which i had 13 afks on my team (11 of them the whole game). maybe you are lucky but rager/intentional feeding/and leaving the game on purpose happens way to often and needs to get punished way harder.  i know its a game and its about having fun but if i dont want to take it serious i dont queue for ranked. everyone who queues for ranked should commit himself enough to the game to give his very best the whole time, thats why there are several game modes and a lot of opportunities to play just for fun.
0	the tongue and mouth provide a direct sensory pathway to the brain, which would influence "palate" and taste aversions.   However, in terms of overall avoidances, taste would also play a role in terms of the effects of the alcohol (in the brain) compared to that on the receptors of the sensory afferents (on the tongue)
0	I beg to differ. No electricity, no water, and rubbish everywhere. That's probably why a lot of people are mad. But what people don't realize is all those stuff is not controlled by Morsi. Heck, he couldn't even use his power when he was elected, hence the "controversial decree".   He (Morsi) is his own enemy. He is too soft. He couldn't even throw all those corrupt judiciary people out. And forget the police. Have you been to Egypt? Not helpful... at all.   Baradei, with his fellow oppositions, joined (perhaps subtly) by left overs from the Mubarak days, capitalized on all these problems to start the revolution. A powerful Morsi is dangerous to them (ex-Mubarak). They need him to fall before prosecutions can happen.   The media? There's 30stations++ who keeps 'cursing' and blaming Morsi everyday, so what do you expect people to believe in? If this was Mubarak he would've closed these stations any day.
0	While i do agree it doesnt seem like that big of a deal we cant know for sure, I used to go to church with someone just to be there with them (Im an athiest) and i wouldnt do much there but then when someone figured out i was an athiest I was basically looked down upon by everyone and it became terrible going to church, it felt like being the kid in school who no one liked or wanted there. Moral is it could actually be a pretty big thing for him to go, although i dont think sexual favors should really ever be used in bargaining, kinda ruins the point.
1	I think they shouldn't remove it, let it be optional. For example, if I want to go like Lulu/Vel'Koz mid and someone picks them for supp, part of the point is gone imo.
1	Nightblue3   I had little interest in a jungle stream as it is my least favorite role, but I turned it on one night after finishing LCS and I wanted some more LoL Streaming in the background while I was doing other things.   Maybe 20 minutes or so into the stream I realized that this guy had already taught me to jungle better.  I also realized I was paying more attention to his talking and playing than what I was supposed to be doing.   I also realized I actually liked this guy as a person.  An example is that he lost a 4v5 in a challenger match just last night, and even though there was a chance he could have just fought it out until item advantage carried them to victory ( not guaranteed, but 4v5s aren't close to fair), he just said "We might still win this, but I wouldn't feel good about it. I know I didn't play well.  They deserve the win." or something to that accord and I was blown away.  Almost everyone who plays league would just try to take that win when they can get it, and here's a challenger player being the bigger man in a brutal situation.
1	Best of 2/3 make the games more competitive because of wider strategy etc.   As a viewer I vastly prefer best of 1. I can watch my favorite team(s) without losing that much time of my day or having to wait out 3 hours of Giants vs Copenhagen Wolves for example. Best of 1's keep especially the games in the lower half of the league more interesting. Who would want to watch 2 games of Elements stalling or failing to close out a game if you aren't a fan of them like me, probably noone.   Most people are far more casual than the people visiting a league forum like /r/leagueoflegends  and wouldn't even want to watch more than 1 game a day.
0	As much as I wish this weren't true, I have an example.   My buddy Alex claimed to be "bi" around several smokin hot girls in the 10th grade. Well about a month later all of his other friends were avoiding him and just started referring to him as "bi-guy" (which has a nice ring) but there were some violent threats towards him too. Well, to end, he's not bi he's just a man-whore who saw an in and didn't think about what he was doing.
0	I had a one-night stand a couple of years ago and a mutual friend told me that she (the one-night stand) was pregnant! Needless to say I stalked her profile near the due date to make sure it wasn't mine. I was so relieved when the baby looked nothing like me  whew
1	i agree, i dont like deman's casting, but that doesnt mean he is bad at it. he is really good at ALWAYS talking, something a lot of people struggle with, and he manages to always talk about newish things so it doesnt get instantly boring.
1	I have to agree with this guy.  I'm absolutely awful at the game, and yet I managed to get into Gold V (dropped after a while due to inactivity and am now residing in Silver I because I'm not too bothered about ranked).  I skipped Bronze entirely and began my ranked journey (after placement matches) in Silver III.   Granted, I was duo queuing for all of my ranked games, but I was duoing with a friend who was trying to win his promotion series into Plat, so I was always placed against Golds and Plats, the odd Diamond ended up in our games too for some reason.  And I supported in all but I believe two of my games, in which I was forced into jungling (easily my weakest and most hated role) but I still won one of those somehow!
1	OP doesn't understand that different people structure arguments differently. Thorin doesn't want CLG coach to blast his own player. He wants CLG coach to explain why the person who was suppose to perform at a certain level failed to do so, which, in retro perspective, potentially cost them Bo3 agaisnt TSM
0	Once, my mom was mad at me and was yelling and telling me to do something or go somewhere. As I walked past her, I exaggerated a cowering head position, as if I was expecting her to hit me on the head as I passed. She never hit me or my sisters again. It completely changed her mind about hitting and spanking as she realized what she was doing to our spirits. Yeah, I was faking it, but the fear I exaggerated was based in reality.
0	I have/had a friend that is notorious for bailing out at the last minute for other things when our group (that doesn't get together often because we all live so far apart) makes plans. For my birthday my friends and I thought it would be fun to go out for drinks and a quick dinner to catch up and we all got really excited about it. I kept reminding Friend Notorious of the date and time and she kept assuring me she'd come. She even went with me to find an outfit for that night. The night before I called her to say, "Hey, so we're meeting at Restaurant at 7 tomorrow, Nancy wants to know if you'd like a ride, she'll come pick you up." and Friend Notorious answers, "Oh....was that  tomorrow?!  Ahh, gee...grrr! I'm  so  upset, I totally have this church thing I can't get out of. Sorry. Happy Birthday...aaauuugh I'm just  soooo  busy!"   Oy. NBD, the rest of us went out, had a great time. The kicker was a couple days later she came by my house to give me a belated birthday card that said, "Happy Birthday. Sorry I didn't go to your thing. I have way too much going on in my life that I don't feel like I should have to get into and I have more important things to think about." I had to show that card to other people like, "Am I being oversensitive or is this a really weird card to give someone?"   We still ask her to join us out of courtesy but plan on her not showing up.
0	I know I might sound crazy, but there's this thing you (and most people in this thread) should try, it's called not hating people because that changes absolutely-fucking-nothing, in fact it perpetuates the downward spiral of bullshit effectively making you just as much of the problem as the person you're hating.
0	hahah okay, that was pretty funny.   Also, you fucked the mom. The mom was the person that was in the car wreck. And you fucked her AFTER she had died. In front of the entire family.   Some fun fact about her. Phil, her Husband's best friend, got her preganent. She was actually on the way home to tell her husband about the whole affair (and really, it wasn't even an affair. I mean, after the bbq over at phil's place (where she had had too many strawberry margaritas) she went to sleep in Phil's guest room. Phil, having had a few to many beers himself, went into the guest room (not knowing that she was there) to sleep it off (his wife was always bugging him not to mess up the decorative pillows that she puts all over the place, and phill didn't feel like fucking with that stuff).   Thinking that it was his wife, phil started fucking her. Barbara (the mom) thinking that it was bob, reciprocated. About half way through they realized their mistake. But after all those years of hot sexual tension that had been building up between them, the sex was a much needed release.   She had only found out a week before about the pregnancy, and that night she had gone to confront Phi about it. Phil, being an evangelical, pro life, anti gay marriage, pro NRA, secret racist, tea bagger republican, naturally wanted to abort the shit out of the baby. But Barb had other ideas.   Feeling alone and confused she drove home in tears, unsure of what to do. Lie to her husband? But she couldn't...he had always been truthful with her no matter what. That, and the fact that a donkey in a petting zoo had kicked him in the nads about 3 years back (rendering him completely and ridiculously sterile) took that option out the picture. Abort, phil had dared to suggest?!?! Barb and Jack (her husband) had tried for YEARS to become pregnant. And he just wanted to abort?!!?? It may not have been Jack's baby...but it sure as hell was Barbs.   Jesus christ this story is getting way too fucking long. Anyway, you fucked her.
1	Because an ability (worst, an ultimate with a huge cd) that deals down to 5 damage is stupid. If you want to use your ultimate to finish someone, they should let you do it. It can deal less damage, whatever. Just not 5. Is Brand's ultimate supposed to be used 1v1 with no minion around, just as a finisher move? I doubt so. But do people still use it this way when they can? Of course they do. Because they can still rely on its damage somehow. It's less, sure, it's not in a teamfight, but flexibility is better. An ultimate shouldn't be used for only engaging. If you still have it at the end of the fight, or if it came back at the end of the fight, then fine you can use it and deal damage with it. If your ultimate as Malphite comes back at the end of a fight, and the last enemy champion flashes away with low HP, do you keep it and tell your allies "Dude, this is only an engage skill!". No, you freaking charge on this guy. Anyway this is getting pretty long.
1	Well like some Riot dude said, China rapes with Ezreal so I'm pretty sure that it is due to a variance of play styles that NA doesn't prefer Ezreal over Vayne or Graves.   Ezreal is more of a kiting champ, and when 1 v 1 with another AD carry [for example, Vayne], I think if played well, you can win. You can use the E offensively and defensively at the same time, so while Vayne has faster movement speed, your E can allow you to gain more distance while doing damage, and then firing back a Q, thus doing more damage, and then a W and be ready to fight her as you've poked her down, all with auto attacks in between of course [never done it, just a theory]. In addition, Vayne needs Ezreal to be near a wall to stun him so by using E, you can re-position yourself, forcing her to use her E to push you back while you again use your Q, W, and auto attacks to kite her.   Unlike the current FOTM champs, Ezreal is not a straight up kill champ like Vayne, or someone who pretty much right clicks next to a tank like Graves. If anything, I wish Ezreal's E had some sort of cooldown reset like how Graves can auto attack to lower his escape/gap closer's cooldown and Tristana's rocket jump resets when she gets a kill or an assist. However, Ezreal Q DOES lower the cooldown of all his skills so perhaps it is fair.
1	I hit level 30 and startet playing a bit of Ranked in Season 3 and ended up being placed in Silver 3 and went straight to Gold 5 from there in like 30 Games.
0	I was in Boy Scouts on a cold fucking camp out once when i was maybe 12. It was about seven degrees out and I had to take a piss at some unknown time in the middle of the night. It was so cold I didn't even walk to a porta John, I just unzipped the tent and did my business. While I'm doing the business a fucking human silhouette  is to my right. Normally in woods I would just jump and realize it was a tree. The problem was we where in an open feild. I jumped back on fuckin fear and left the tent open and hide under my sleeping bag that I couldn't get into because it was a mummy bag and they are hard to get into. I lied frozen all night with the tent flap half open and scared shitless for a very long time.
0	My guess is that OP doesn't have anyone in his life with a developmental disability or physical deformity. If he did, his opinion would change. People are people regardless of whatever disability or syndrome they might have. They should be able to do whatever they'd like with their life.
0	As a rule, no.  This was asked somewhere else on reddit... can't remember for the life of me, something about Japanese people being inbred or something.  But if you're Christian or have Christian ancestry, essentially 2nd cousins are considered taboo, were too close, and are only granted by Church authority historically under special or case by case circumstances.
1	imo riot doesn't want to alienate the asian (korea/china) players. as much as we're raising pitchforks here some WE/AF fanatics in their home country just might kick up a fuss as well if they are DQed especially if WE/AF steadfastly maintain their innocence to their fans.   also i think crs/dig collusion was them agreeing to split the #1 and #2 place prize money regardless of who won and were overheard by someone when they were discussing it in some cafe.
1	Runes: standard caster setup, I prefer mana regen yellows and ap quints, but armor/movespeed can work too. Masteries: 21/0/9 usually.   I almost always take the death augment. Viktor is at his strongest by far during the midgame, and an early augment gives him a huge spike in power, especially if you're already ahead in lane. Afterward, just take standard caster items (dcap, athenes, etc). Abyssal in particular is a good pickup, since Viktor's got pretty short range for the most part. Rylais turns your ult into a giant slowing cloud.   Gravity field is an excellent zone-denial tool. Use it sort of like a trundle pillar, blocking escapes and choke points, or dropping it on your carry to help peel.   Viktor falls off late not because of item build (death augment is actually pretty slot-efficient), but because in large teamfights he needs to get into suicide range to do more than poke with laser.
0	I had a customer demand to see the mod because we asked for his phone number (we do for everyone because rewards accounts are based on phone numbers). He came back to the store something like an hour after his purchase. I work at a fairly large store and was strapped for folk(3 people on the floor and one on break). I extricated my self from register (leaving a line of 10people mind you). First he wouldn't believe I was the mod and technically most senior manager present (I do look youngish but you'd think me and my coworkers telling him he'd get it). He then demanded 15% off of his transaction because the phone number thing had "creeped him out" I explained to him our entire rewards policy and how the 15% is contingent with signing up. He kept demanding it so I decided to give it to him (it was off a 24$ pair of gloves) just to get him out of there. Suddenly this was not enough. He began demanding a gift box (which we are charging a dollar for this year, not what I would have done but I don't run the store lol). Then he began berating me about how I wasn't helping the people in line. I called out my other coworker on break (we are the same level, keyholders) to discuss how to proceed. The man was totally erratic and I was becoming increasingly worried about what he would do since every problem i solved he demanded something else. i was a step from kicking him out or calling the cops however as soon as my friend came out from the middle of her break, he stopped demanding things and just took the stuff and a gift box and left.
1	Hold your criticisms please.You posted this for discussion, discussion is what you're getting. I agree, that if you're using it for initiation, some thing is wrong. That is what I said. Support pops shurelyas= initiate. Now if one uses Youmuus as well during this, then that would be a bad strategic move. IMO, it should be reserved for escapes, when support is not there. I don't play AA based AD Casters all that often, so I can't say it's useless to use Youmuus for cleanups on them, but AD Casters would rather focus on getting close enough for their spell to land, so the AS would not be used on them.
1	This is why I was in love with Eve mid and if I got mid in ranked I would only play her. Bot lane losing hard pre 6 and you're 0-0 but have farmed well.. No worries - hit 6 gank bot and get double kill/if you're feeling extra nice give double kill to your adc. Worked so well particularly in my placement matches when no one would pink for Eve mid (lol).
1	Runes do make a difference (especially in early game) however you are correct, not having runes is not a huge difference, not enough to keep you from reaching your actual division anyway. I'm low plat, but if I was given a bronze account without any runes I am relatively sure I could get it back to plat because runes don't have such a huge impact on the game that it completely negates skill.
1	I agree, the winrate of a champion alone does not tell you about how strong the champion is. You need to look at both the winrate and the pick rate. There are 4 categories of champions.   First is the low pick rate, low win rate. These champions are garbage. No one plays them save for a handful of one trick ponies who dedicate their time to mastering them, and they still suck. These champions are the ones most likely to be buffed.   The second group are the low pick rate, high win rate. This group includes Heimer and Skarner (the data is hard to believe, but I don't see why it would be wrong). They're powerful champions that are unpopular. The majority of the players playing them are one trick ponies or people who are at least very experienced with these champions, and they perform well, or these champions are niche picks that are picked to counter specific team comps, and they perform that role well. These champions are probably balanced despite the high win rate.   The next category is low win rate, high pick rate. This group includes Lee Sin, Thresh, Leblanc. These champions are seen as "strong" and "fun" so people will play these champions. If you don't play usually play support but you need to fill, you'll pick Thresh. Many people picking these champions don't know how to play their champion well. Some players playing these champions will be one trick ponies, but the majority will likely only have a handful of games on this champion or not focus on the champion, bringing down the winrate. Thus, the winrate will be low but the champion is still most likely balanced.   The last group is high win rate, high pick rate. These champions are played by everyone, including many people who are not dedicated to the champion, and they will still manage to dominate. These champions are usually extremely OP (preseason Warwick, Sejuani) or very easy to pick up (Rammus) or both. These champions are the ones that are very likely to be nerfed because they are either too strong or too easy while still being good.   I'm sorry for typing you an essay but I wanted to explain how I evaluate champion strength based on the statistics.
0	Medical student here:   It's okay to continue having sex without a condom during the week with inactive pills.  The reason for a week of inactive pills is to temporarily return hormone levels to their appropriate levels, allowing the woman to menstruate (if you took all active pills, you would skip periods, which has negative affects).   During the week of menstruation, the uterine wall is sloughing off its lining, which is the location where a fertilized egg would implant if the woman was pregnant (but birth control prevents ovulation anyway).  So, with no place for it to attach, it leaves the body with the rest of the menses.  Any sperm present will decay, as it is 14 days until the next egg would be released (which won't even happen if continuing birth control)
1	GuardsMan Bob does that all the time with WarWick and GangPlank, and used to play Xin Zhao mid too before he became useless. He shown several times that it may be a good idea, expecially if you wanna shut down a potential hyper carry as Kassadin may be.
1	Thank you! Top is such a Rock Paper Scissors game, because by it's very nature it's mostly a 1v1 until 20 minutes or so. I personally think Talon is an incredibly strong solo top, but against someone like Udyr or Irelia, he's shut down. Singed and Udyr are also great, but put someone with any ranged harass against them and you're boned. Honestly you can counter Udyr with Ashe solo top.
1	depending on the champ they play, in most cases IE is the best out of the 3 as it gives the most upfront damage. bork is quite good for the late game and for carries with double synergy with the item (vayne, kog, twitch), but in lane where you trade with a marksman and a support they don't have high enough hp pool to behin with for bork's passive to outscale the IE powerspike (25ad vs 80ad crit and increased crit dmg).   As for BT... this item is plain bad after the nerfs, if one's to get it it's usually like 4th or 5th item to further increase the damage of the IE. Let's say you rush BT in lane and your opponent gets IE, in order for BT to be of any use you must stack and keep the shield, which happens by autoattacking, if you auto alot you push the lane, you push the lane you're exposed for a jungle gank, if they gank you while overextended that shield will do you close to no-good once they start bursting you.   In the mid-lategame however when you're teamfighting alot the 20% lifesteal and the shield would make a great difference once those enemy tanky dudes get in your face.
1	EYE CATCHER   Hey reddit. I'm LagsAlot.  I'm a high diamond level midlane main on EUW.   I  upload things made by myself like  Montages ,  Commentaries ,  little Guides  and some plays by myself. Example : **[Reverse Twisted Fate Outplay](   Come and visit my stuff if you are interested in the things I am doing. I try to upload as many videos per week and I don't have a real schedule but I try to upload atleast 3 videos a week.   Click [ here ]( to see my  1st Midlane Montage  including Nidalee, Yasou and Zed plays and [ here ]( to see my  Nidalee only Montage . [ Here ]( you can see my  Youtube channel  at all.   I wish you a wonderful rest of your life.   Have a nice day.
1	They've already explained why this wouldn't work. They have to be able to penalize people with -lp without taking away their mmr. If Riot takes away 3 lp for a dodge or even 10 or more for repeated offenses, they can't take away mmr or a good player will play with bad players simply because he skipped. If you use an artificial lp system you can take away the merit without taking away mmr. If people can just check their mmr after a punishment and see it hasn't changed then they won't care about dodging or decay or anything  else.   The lp system is necessary, just poorly implemented. Promotion series are largely arbitrary and completely contradictory to the idea of lp in the first place. Afks in a game could easily subtract from lp but not mmr (I'm not a worse player for losing the game because someone didn't connect than I would be if I won if he had). In other words the benefits that could have come from an lp system were largely ignored while drawbacks like lp cliffs (try dia 5) or promotion series are there for seemingly no reason.   The elo system as a whole breaks down after around the 2.5k elo mark anyway, so it's not really Riot's fault. Challenger and Master are huge and largely inneffective bandaids placed to keep it in check. Chess masters also use the elo system and the gripes are numerous. At a high enough elo it's impossible to seperate people consistantly and fairly. To get to 2.5 or even 2.9ish like some have done you need to beat worse players, but if a 2.9 elo shits on 2.3 elo kids all day every day, is he 3.0? How can he be if no one else is there? Who is to say how much better someone like Faker, Apdo, or Marin are than their counterparts? Are they winning because they're gods and could easily demolish people, or are they winning because their skill cap is just a liiiiiiitle bit higher than everyone else's? They'd win either way, but their skill is largely unknown.
0	I applaud this, but would still recommend managing your expectation. Think of what you're giving as a steak dinner. It's freaking delicious and certainly satisfies hunger, but sometimes we just want a snack and there's no one around to cook the steak, so we grab a burrito from Taco Bell or snack on some potato chips. It's not healthy, and it's nowhere near as good as the steak, but it's manufactured to be loaded with stuff that tastes delicious and makes us full. that's what porn is; it's manufactured to hit all the sexual sweet spots a guy may have, but it's not a nutritious balanced meal. it serves an immediate need, makes you feel a little guilty after you're all done, but is always there when you need it.
1	I have always been bothered by trolls in games, until I played and won my first troll game.   We got into a game and at least two of my teammates weren't co-operating, two people called jungle, picked smite as summoner and refused to change.  In response, my friend who I queued with also picked smite... I followed suite and all of a sudden we have four smites, five revives and one promote (it turned out our anivia was a veteran troll and knew that promote would be necessary to push when we finally decided to stop ganking and go all mid)   We started by invading and smiting their blue to death.  We picked up first blood and another kill or two as well, then we ran around ganking, pushing lanes when necessary and stealing every buff with our superior smite coverage.   We ended up winning that game.  I had the best K/D/A score as jungle Zilean, and my friend was a close second with jungle twitch.  Needless to say, it was one of the funnest games I've played on LoL, and the only ones upset about our trolling were the enemy team.  Sometimes people troll, but if the whole team makes the unspoken pact to troll together... magic happens.
0	I had a similar situation, GF hated my friend for constantly making racist and rape jokes. We tried talking to him about it he ended up doing it more and tried to laugh it off. I told her Iv been friends with him for 10 years I know he says stupid stuff but he is a good guy Iv seen him help alot of people. I can't just abandon him. It didn't fly. Since then I have drastically cut back on drinking, quit smoking, got a $20K raise and started a side business. Your situation is different but mine somehow worked out.
0	Sounds like someone needs to GROW THE FUCK UP.  When you were unemployed and basically being a parasite and contributing nothing worthwhile to society, who paid all your bills?  Who bought you all the pot and video games you played?  Did you live off welfare and basically make EVERYONE ELSE take on responsibilities of keeping you warm fed and clothed? If so looks like you are just sad that you cant fucking mooch off anyone anymore.  Your happiness doesn't mean a God damned thing to anyone but you, do you think your hungry kids and wife care if your happier?
0	In most states, the ring is a a conditional gift - if you get married, the ring then becomes hers as part of the marriage contract, but if she called of the marriage then she has no right to the ring since she terminated the contract that the ring was a part of. Given the circumstance I can't imagine that a court wouldn't require her to return the ring.  Especially if there is proof she cheated.  Taking  her to small claims court, or even just threatening to do so might do the job.   If it were me, and the cost of taking her to court for the ring ended up being just as much as you could get back for the ring as a return or resale. I'd do it just as a "fuck you" to her.  She doesn't deserve to have the money the ring is worth, so even if you come out even - she sure as hell doesn't since she would have to pay any lawyers she hires as well.  So if you get the ring back and she has to pay extra money for being a scumbag, then that's 2 wins right there. Even if you don't end up making any money back off it.
1	Hey, as an avid Orianna player who picked her up when I first started the game - which, incidentally, turns out to be the time where she got the most nerfed - I think she's in a good place right now. She's strong enough that we occasionally see her in tournament plays (Salce, Froggen? ...)     R delay: I'm pretty sure the small delay is by design. I occasionally cringe when they manage to flash out of range or walk out because of that, but I've come to accept that my ball placement isn't good enough yet.   She doesn't have crazy damage but can be useful through a whole teamfight with her low cooldowns and good utility, which isn't true for burst casters such as Brand, Annie, Cassio and the like.   I have a feeling that if they buff the ball's speed they will need to nerf the rest of her kit to make up for it. It's probably the only thing that prevents her from dominating any opponent in mid-lane early - you have to be smart enough to predict the opponent movement or they have to be stupid enough to walk into your ball.   Movement speed: the MS steroid every 8 seconds or so makes up for it, especially since it's also an AoE slow for when you're running away/chasing.   Damage on E: I guess I would be fine with a slight buff there but I'm not sure it's really necessary.   Her passive is great for early engagements in lane or early ganks too, where you just need "that extra bit of damage". Also, in some teamfights/skirmishes, you're safe enough to be able to AA between your cooldowns, so it's far from useless in my view.
1	It's funny but not at all relating to the meta.   The meta just makes so much sense. I'm going to just go over AP mid.   Send the AP mid so they can, 1: Be close to blue buff. 2: They have the largest burst damage, so the ability to gank both bot and top is amazing. 3: They scale on levels as much as gold, so a solo lane is a must. 4: They don't have great sustain (usually) so they get the lane that is shortest, and thus closer to their tower, thus having an easier time escaping ganks.   Every single lane role makes just as much sense. If you want to throw wrenches into the gears of the finely tuned machine that is the current meta, do it in normals, that's fine, that's why they're there for.   Just because the monkeys don't know why climbing the ladder is bad, doesn't change the fact that  climbing it is still bad.  If you replaced the monkeys with 5 new ones, they would eventually all decide that it is best not to climb the ladder (and that it is best not to change the meta).
1	ITT: Someone who trusted a person in SoloQ and the guy ended up being bad thinking his case is rare and more extreme than the many cases encountered regularly by players everyday and had to make a rage-filled thread about it.
0	Happy cake day.   Here's a random thought I am having. I'm not sure if I believe it, but I'm gonna just put it out here...   I think it may be a little bit of BS to tell people that have to be happy with themselves they way they are physically. They tell you "be a different person if your hurting inside". I think therapy and other means of self improvement are acceptable because humans have always had the power to change certain physiological aspects about the self with hard work, but since we where slaves to our physical selfs, the only way to obtain happiness would be to accept ourselves.   Now that we live in a world where we can change aspects about out physical selves, why shouldn't we? As long as you keep it in check with reality. 500 plastic surgeries will make you look like a monster, we've all seen it taken too far. But why not a nose job, why not fix a chin, or even out wonky boobs?   I guess I'm arguing for a society where we believe "I don't care as long as your happy". I think taking medication for ADHD and cosmetic surgery are similar. They are both acceptable to me. ideally we shouldn't have to do anything to change ourselves to be happy, but in reality it's not that easy.   Now is there anything wrong with taking the easy way out? As a mathematician, I believe in being as lazy as possible. If I'm lazy on the basic stuff, i have more time and energy for important stuff. Besides trying to find the easiest and laziest way to get a result tends to result in a greater success.
0	I remember I had a run in with them sons of bitches in my first trip to Dallas, Texas. I was 8 years old, my family thought we were going to be forced to move out soon by the airport in Los Angeles who wanted to expand and turn our homes into a parking lot. We had to take an emergency landing than spend a night at a Hotel next to a gas station. It was 8 o clock and my parents decided to go the gas station to get some snacks. After acquiring the snacks we started to walk out the parking lot....that's when I meet ...them. At first I thought I some trash being sweeped by the wind  when I got closer I saw it was none other than a swarm of hopping demon spawn from hell aka the beige colored grasshopper. I cringed in fear screaming for my life, while loosing my innocence and questioning the existence of a god. What kind of god would create such vile bent-legged abomination and let it roam the earth? As I was screaming while these things skipped to my general direction, my sister of a year younger than me was playfully chasing after them toward my direction. I screamed even harder while tears were flowing down my already redden face. My Dad laughed and tried to console me. He even pushed me a little in a fruit less attempt to sacrifice me to the wretched creature. I ran away nearly jumping into a highway. My parents pursuit me trying to calm me down while scolding me for my righteous attempt to salvation. They even joked about it after the incident calling me silly or overly dramatic.
0	I have learned to relax my eyes and not actually stare at the person. Your eyes become a little blurry, and staring becomes less of a possibility. But if that does not work for some odd reason, then look at their mouth immediately. If you do it fast enough, then they won't know the difference between you looking in their eyes or mouth.
0	It suck doesn't it, I recently chickened out of suicide twice in one night. I am not afraid of dying, I am afraid of trying and living afterwards. Chances are, attempted suicide doesn't kill the victim, most likely they will live but with long term consequences. I thought of using carbon dioxide but that can lead to brain damage. Falling from a high height can leave me crippled. Using a firearm can cause the gun to misfire and destroy my face.   Besides for the long term health risks, I also wouldn't want to put on suicide watch. Having my every action monitored would be hell and I would have to deal with psychologists, family, and friends giving me lectures on the importance of living.
1	even though it was in response to trolls?   That's a bad justification, and trolling back a troll is never gonna help.   Now about your case, it depend a lot.   I don't think it's reportable, after all the majority of your team agreed to your cheesy play (assuming you didn't do anything else reportable ofc), but it's probably fair to assume the troll premade reported everyone.   Now if you're a "good" player, you won't get enough report to face the tribunal, and this game will be deleted from the record.   If you end up in tribunal anyway, there is little chance for this game to be the first case, and sadly most of people only care about the first game. You'll probably get judged on your most common attitude, and not a particular game.   But if I had to judge this game, it's gonna be hard to decide.  2 Top, 2 AP, 1 Support with troll summoner?  That's always a sign of some shit going in the champ select.  Unless you're trashtalking, I'll probably Pardon you  if your other cases are neutral/pardonable . If you get reported 4 games with troll summoners, it's punish.
0	If you were to make a mistake in exercising your office, that is one thing, an action in need of psychological support and perhaps even retraining.  I do not believe anyone will say there is an expectation of perfection.  Everyone makes mistakes, and the greater the responsibility, the more grave the mistakes when they happen.  Your office gives a weight of responsibility.  It is your fundamental responsibility to NOT lose control.   We are not upset that LEOs are not destroyed for mistakes and realistic slips of judgement.  We are angry that LEOs are not held accountable for savage acts of unwarranted aggression, for the utter corruption of the supposed responsibility they accept.   As for the bar situaiton, what about backup? Where was your partner?  I'd be willing to bet it is your firearm that is more readily available, rather than the taser, and that you've trained FAR more with the firearm that the taser.  There are a dozen questions that could be asked and they are all easily asked because I was not there.  These are the questions that must be asked, and answered.  If there had been a bystander videotaping the situation, would you not have been exonerated in a court?  You were protecting someone who was in need of protection, and my hat is off to you.  Many cops are not so altruistic.  I know because I have been involved.   Addressing your
0	Honestly - does it matter if it's fake? Maybe the message we should be taking is to be this person in whatever way you can. Sure, not everyone can afford to buy a bunch of clothes for strangers, but I'm betting there's some way we can all be generous - be it with our money, our food, our old clothes, our food, or what have you.
0	So what? Potoo is new too, you gonna hate on the meme too for being new? Thousands of people are joining the reddit community as days go by and many people have never even traveled into the time wasting abyss that is 4chan.
1	i agree and disagree, sure its more fun to play those but tha thing is, once its all 100% of a type och chapions in lane you start picking counters. and then you pick the counters counter and it keep going
0	My boyfriend (black) & I (white) parked his car behind our local comic shop. While we were walking a black teenager wearing a hood pulled low over his face (I live in Miami, it was hot as hell) waled by us. Honestly I didn't remember him until my bf mentioned him. When we left the store his passenger window had been smashed & his bag stolen. He was pissed at himself because he said when he saw the kid he had a feeling he should walk back to the car but didn't cause he didn't want to judge the kid like he'd been judged before.
1	Will you always have captain falcon's "HYES!" at the end of your
1	We can't be so naive about the political decision some goverments take. It's not a matter of control, or the goverment wanting to control. I would not be surprised if there were soon to be elections on korea or something. And one party was using gaming as an scapegoat to gain popularity among those parents that are too concerned his kid is spending 6 hours a day in front of a computer playing a video game. It the so called "stamina" system will most likely not go live as, in korea videogames are a multi million dollar industry and they have been for over 15 years. If there are no elections soon or something like that, the korean goverment just realized how much profit riot has been making on korean soil and are just trying to gain favor of the people to pass a law that taxes that income, just as the Sweeden does alcohol, the netherlands does marihuana and most countries do tobacco. Casinos are regulated for the same reason, you might be told that it's because it is for them being "unhealthy" or a "threat" but in reality they regulate and tax casinos because they move a shit ton of money, yet you can see casinos are still considered a pretty good bussiness. And while I don't believe you being 14 years old weights enough for you not to be able to make decision regarding your own life, most countries do, most people do.
1	The agressive pushing was only one facet of azubu's game though.  For instance, on another post on reddit, someone mentioned that (this would be extremely difficult for people in soloq) the support had ~60cs midgame.  This came around from rotations, where say top went back, then mid went top, support went mid, top goes bot after buy.  But if you suggested that support can get that much cs in 0 cs na meta in soloq with some coordination, you'd probably get flamed.   Also, while it's well known that you can't really push back a heimer, that doesn't mean heimer can easily down turrets as you suggest.  If their mid pick can wave clear easily (morg), then the lane will just reset/stall/freeze.  For instance, in the three games you dominated, your opponents were vlad, ryze, kennen.  Ryze can't waveclear effectively early game or when his ulti is down, vlad doesnt hit his high point till 9 (and even then most vlads max q), and kennen only becomes decent at waveclear if/when he gets enough ap and is safe enough to e+w the wave (although he clears slightly better pre-6 than the other 2).   Also, dragons can be taken pre-6, a competent team will ward dragon by/before level 6, and if you all-out push, you will probably get ganked somewhere
0	Stop. Wait a minute. I am no Hillary fan, but I am also no Jeb Bush fan. You are clearly creating a false dichotomy while co-opting America's beloved green frog. There are many other options in the whole political spectrum besides Billary and Jebediah, and I wholeheartedly encourage all of Reddit and all of the legal voting people of the US to find a candidate that reflects their views as to where this nation should be going.
1	AD carries in general excel at dishing out huge amounts of damage from a distance over time, as their team protects them. In a teamfight, they are the primary damage dealers if they can position properly and survive long enough, as well as focus the right targets.   On the other hand, AP champs (mostly mids) are far more versatile. You have mids that are there for control, cc, utility (Lissandra, Orianna) and you have assassins (Le Blanc, Veigar) whose job it is to instakill the highest priority target on the opposing team.   Still, generally speaking, AP mids are almost always more bursty, since they can chain their abilities and drop squishy targets in a second.  Then again, you have AD assassins (Zed, Kha) who are played mid as well and function just like AP for the most part; there is little difference in playstile between Zed and Fizz, and one is AP, the other AD.   If its 1v1 what you're asking about, an average fed AP carry should be able to beat an AD carry, but who knows how it would work against an AD assassin; its based on skill and other conditions.   All in all, the best when it comes to 1v1ing are probably fighters and bruisers since they can survive a lot and still be a threat (think Renekton, Shen); On the other hand, they are vulnerable to kiting so any carry champion (AP or AD) with a good kit could technically outplay them with a little skill, especially late game (hence the name - carries).   The game really balances itself out, there are different playstiles and its hard to draw conclusions off the bat, there's a counter to everything and it's just about finding what suits you best.   In the example you mentioned, Vayne had no chance of escaping or dodging that combo since Oddone knew where and when he would spawn. However, if it was a real teamfight situation, he could have flashed and tumbled some of his skillshots and positioned favorably, and then finished Gragas off when he is waiting for cooldowns with a few autos. That's the downfall of traditional AP mids- cooldowns and running out of mana.
1	I really think the entire team is having a poor tournament, and it sucks, but that's part of any sport.  Sometimes you are slated to do well and any number of things goes wrong and you suck, shit happens.  I've heard and read so many people calling for TSM to bench Dyrus or Santorin, but that would be a terrible call.  It's not like any single player on TSM is doing well this tournament.   Can players not have one bad showing and still keep a spot? How the fuck do you expect players to have and develop synergy?  You can't just dump a player every single time something goes wrong.  Not to mention this is one single tournament, it's not like they played like this for a split.  Who do you bring in that's a free agent that immediately improves the team? Like OP said, it's a team play problem, and no player is going to survive 3-4 man ganks.   Every team has trouble spots, no matter how good.  You have to give them room to learn lessons and improve.  This and team won the last IEM and the NALCS.  Let them take their lumps and go into the next season with lesions learned.  As a long time TSM fan, there isn't anyone currently available that I would rather see go to world's than the current roster.  I would be genuinely upset if there was a roster change going into summer.
1	Lovely website! I love teamfinding LoL sites, but there's a few things I'm looking for in particular, those being:     A team website that will stick around. About once every month an awesomely done website just like this (Although this is absolutely one of the better ones I've seen design wise) will make it to the top and be praised and showered with Karma. Sadly, these websites slowly die off it seems. None get backed well enough to be worked on, get dropped by the creator(s), or do they make it to the side board. Yes, there is already a subreddit for this, but /r/TeamRedditTeams is dead as hell sadly. I understand this is easier said than done, but a man can wish.     An option to find normal teams. I'm not a huge ranked guy, nor am I a solo person. I absolutely despise joining with randoms lately. Win or lose, its either boring or frustrating. I love the team aspect of the game and rarely get to experience it with the few groups of people I have added.       Trying to find other competent people in solo normals is near impossible. I just want to have fun while having that true 5v5 experience with some cool level headed people who enjoy the game as much as I do.
1	I were stuck in 1400-1600 for too long. Til I discovered Skarner <3   But most important, you have to be the ultimate teammate if you want to climb elo. Let your teammates play whatever they want, and you must take responsibility and pick the lesser popular roles (in this case support/jungler). Remember that you NEED these players to win the match and win this elo.   Try Skarner!     Not that hard to play (No skillshots, except E...emm)   Extremely stronk ganks after lvl 6   Fat as santa and dominating in MS   Overpowered Slow (Q-Skill)   Stronk late-game (After my experience)     And Additional, in low elo you can even have some more fun with Skarner, do as I did and build PD-Skarner. If you play smart and get some early kills/assists, you'll run down your enemies and end up as a good lookin carry! (Notice that you should stop this after you pass 1600 elo, didn't go so well then.. )
1	Sivir nor Banshee's should counter a good Vi. A good Vi would ult them until they knew both were down. As a Vi main the best way to counter is postioning. If I have to run through 3 to get to APC or ADC then I'll die. At lower levels though APC and APC just wonder and end up at the front. Too easy.
1	MIAs are a considerate gesture. You should always communicate with your team.   That being said, MIAs are NOT necessary. You are responsible for your own map awareness. If you push past river, you should ALWAYS take a quick inventory of who's accounted for. Asking "mias?" before being aggressive is a good choice as well.
1	The problem with Oriana is that she has a very tin line between rediculous OP or just regular.   If she gets to much early sustain she will snowball pretty hard in to end game, coz of her high utility, poke and CC ult.   If she has her regular sustain she is playable, but not enough sustain to be played much / competitive pick.
0	I'm sure the guy was being a dick and deserved it in this situation. However, it does remind me of a time when I was in heavy traffic on the highway.   My car started overheating (turns out my water pump was busted), and I was in the far left lane. My only hope of getting my car off the highway (and thus, preventing an even bigger backup) was by cutting off 3 people to make the immediate exit. I tried rolling down my window and talking to the lady next to me, but she kept ignoring me, thinking I was just being an asshole. Eventually, I was able to barely make it off the highway, no thanks to the lady who I'm sure thought I was just the biggest dick of all time.   Once I got off the highway, I was able to coast freely along some backroads, get some cool air flowing through the car, and eventually made it to the car shop without having to pay for a tow!
1	lol in normals you didn't achieve anything so there is nothing to reward.
0	See, one thing you learn in life is that not everyone owns a man-portable hypervelocity projectile launcher.
0	I had a teacher in 7th grade, one of those "Everyone is out to get me types". My school had a program where the kids would raise and lower the flag everyday. This was especially cool because the school was near an Army fort. Well my friend, whose father was deployed at the time, was in this program and was in the formerly specified teachers class at the end of the day. My friend asked to go lower the flag and the teacher said no. My friend explained how important it was to her, you know since her dad is deployed and all, and the teacher responds with, "No, you know why? Cause your dad put himself in that position. When a soldier dies, I don't feel bad because the brought that upon themselves."  My friends mom, naturally, was pissed. She went to the school, demanding blood, and the principal was willing to help. However, once called in, the teacher comes storming in screaming about how if they tried to fire her, she would get the NAACP on the schools ass so fast, blah blah blah.
1	Not possible, I know for a fact, you retaliated.   When I first started playing, i was pretty toxic and got warned a few times. Now, i'm just toxic like maybe 1/10 games, and never see a warning.   I just played a game earlier where this dude was raging at me because I was like 0/5 and it was promos. 2 people from each team spoke up that he was in the wrong and promos isn't an excuse to be toxic, they all said they reported him.
0	I actually didn't go to the hospital. My mother was a nurse and has had some of those cases before.  She said I puked everywhere, couldn't stand up she had to tow me into my bed (It took her 1hour), palpitation, my whole body was shaking and in the end I just fainted and kept puking so I almost suffocated on my puke. The next morning my mother gave me cold tea with sugar for my metabolism, one at 6am and one at 7am. I was shaking so hard that I couldn't hold the tea so she poured it into my mouth.   She woke me up at 10am and I didn't remember anything. Not even the 2 teas at 6am and 7am.
0	I look back with fond memories on my first time, and I still can't think of a better way to lose it than the one/two night stand that I had. I was in San Fran and the dudes I was with didn't know I was virgin, and neither did the random girl i met that night. She was 12 years my senior and took my little 19 yo ass home with her where we went at it for about 4 hours, well into the morning light. I can't even imagine going for 4 hours these days, so exhausting, but she didn't have clue one that she took my v-card. I contemplated telling her afterward but thought she would think less of me. Anyway, she and I hung out for the rest of the day- she took me shopping, bought me clothes, and paid for dinner cuz I was broke. We spent the next night together too before she took me back to meet up with my friends the next morning so we could leave for LA, our next stop. 30 minutes after dropping me off, we're driving on the highway to LA, and I get a call on the only cell phone we had for the group. Its the girl, and she tells me that after dropping me off, someone ran a red light and t-boned her car. She was calling me from the ambulance on the way to the hospital, and I was left speechless. Not much I could do, but I couldn't help but feel a bit responsible. She recovered, although I gradually lost contact with her over the next 6 months.
1	Yes he can. The thing is, youre NOT an AD carry if you build AP or attack speed/on hit. Relying on ranged autoattacks as your main source of damage doesnt make you an AD carry. If the game reaches late-game, you will have your Teemo with malady/wits end/madreds  hitting the tanks for no damage, since all these items have MAGIC DAMAGE procs. The tank with 150 magic resist denies most of the on-hit damage, since Teemo has no magic penetration. On the other team, they will have an IE+PD+LW/BT AD carry tearing through any amount of armor the tanks can have.
1	This doesn't need fixing.   Bot has a disadvantage and top has an advantage. Nobody loses a lane  purely  due to golems. If you die at level 1 when your opponent hits 2 you should have been aware (check their hp at start of lane) and have been more careful.   You can also invade to stop them doing golems. The potential for different plays is much better than just removing them.
1	I remember the first time i got my acc to lvl 30, i was googling how should i start play rank and most of people said something like : "You need 2 different champs in meta for every role and rune page with full set of runes for every role you play" , so here comes the math, for 2 champs in meta for every role you prolly get 10k x 5 roles, and for runes, lets say 3 sets (ad and adc in one, jungle tank in one and ap in one too) that will cost 6300 for rune page and s*it ton of ip for runes, so it is suggested not to play ranked for a year till you collect full set...
1	I wasn't actually claiming silence is against the code. , but that's not even an argument I intend to start, because we both know that you aren't required to type in chat.
1	Here is my Nasus build: For starting items, there are 3 variations that I like. I go cloth armor and five potions against a heavy AD harass lane such as GP or Pantheon. Boots and three potions against skillshot AP's such as Brand or Cass. Or Regrowth and one potion against pretty much everything else. For runes I like to go armor pen reds, armor or dodge yellows, mr or mr/lvl blues and MS quints. In terms of masteries, I go 0/23/7 or 0/21/9. I almost always run teleport, flash for summoners; a lot of people use ghost on Nasus, flash is so ingrained in my mind, though, that I have trouble playing without it.   For level order, I like to go R>Q>W>E. I take as few levels in E as I possibly can while still being able to push my lane as hard as my opponent. Otherwise, the levels in Q and W are essential for the reduced cooldown on those abilities (especially Q).   In terms of item builds, I like to get boots and philo on first back, regardless of my item choice. From there, I get a glacial shroud against an AD in lane or a spirit visage against a heavy harass AP. I essentially like to make it so that I can literally stand and tank harass while farming my Q, due to my lifesteal. For boots, 90% of the time, I go mercs, but if they are light on cc and heavy on AD, I go tabi. From there, I finish my Frozen Heart and my Shurelya's, capping my CDR. At that point, the rest of my build is situational, but I typically end up getting a FoN, a trinity and whatever other tank item suits my needs. With the items I have listed, you should have about 200 in resistances, 475 MS, 2800 health and 40% CDR. With trinity and enough farm, your Q should hit for around 1000.   In terms of gameplay, make it clear to your teammates that you are Nasus, you scale directly with farm, not kills. For the first 10 minutes, you are almost completely useless. Last hit with Q when you can, and with autos when you can't. At around 10-15 minutes, you should hit a breaking point where you should be tanky enough and your Q should be farmed enough that you can 1 v 1 your lane opponent. At this point, try to prevent your lane opponent from last hitting. BUT, the first priority is to farm. You should be getting 5 or 6 last hits with your Q every wave. Essentially, you want to be in top lane as much as possible, getting as much farm as you possibly can. Teleport down for dragon and to gank other lanes, but pretty much stay top for the first 30 minutes. In teamfights, you are the best anticarry in the game. Pop your W on their AD, pop your shurelyas and go to town with your Q. Even if you can't reach their carry, your W makes them almost entirely useless. You do insane damage, so your threat level is high, but if the enemy team uses their CD's on you, the rest of your team remains untouched. This is why Nasus is not balanced. Nasus is one of the few characters in the game that can literally build full tank and have incredible damage at the same time.   Nasus isn't used more in competitive play because he is easily bullied early game, and if he can't farm his Q, he is a pretty mediocre tanky dps. That being said, his w, e, and ult offer tremendous utility. Nasus can win a lot of matchups just due to his absurd scaling, but there are some counterpicks that make him unplayable such as Ryze, Cass, and Akali.   Anyway, I hope this was helpful. Nasus is my go to champion when I want to relax, as his Q has a nice rhythm to it =D
1	I've found that bruisers work pretty well, but if you really want dominance choose champions with hard CC. Lux's snare wins fights - if I play TT, I play Lux. And it works. Pantheon is bruiser-y enough and has a stun; he works really, really well. Anyone with damage and a hard CC can be very useful in TT.   And when hard CC isn't enough (i.e. Olaf, Singed, whatever) pack Exhaust/Ignite on every single one of your three players. That's stupid-strong. You don't need Flash as much when you can have all three enemy champions Exhausted, or choose the one who has damage and keep him Exhausted for like ten seconds.   Vision's obviously a problem. Someone already mentioned Teemo. Someone also mentioned Caitlyn. Both solid choices. They both have adequate-to-good CC, solid escapes, and a way to deal with bruisers or become one themselves, plus they provide vision that you lose to wards. So if you want an ADC, choose Cait. That works. It's hard, but it works. Teemo really works.   Lotsa folks are talking about how they did pretty well quite consistently with Darius or Jax. Well, yeah. It's Darius. He runs over people in any game mode. A Darius who can 1v4 and come out with 1-2 kills is not uncommon. So you put him in a map with only three champions, and... yeah. But there are ways to deal with it. Jax operates under the same basic principles. Ninja-edit: I mean Exhaust. Exhaust is really, really good on TT.
1	I HATE linking my own threads, but it's funny how the community just downvotes everything like this related to the patch for the first few days, then goes back to actually being constructive.
1	I know of 2 ways to go about this:   1: Stop caring about your division. That way you it won't matter if you lose or win. (I do this, because I just like to learn from soloqueue but don't feel the need to gain Diamond Elo or something.)   2: Play believing you'll reach your goal elo someday anyway. I think this is what pro players do, they just play.. because they like/have to play. And sooner or later they'll reach that Diamond 1 anyways.   So...
1	I think what Riot's really doing here is removing all the skulls from the game to please our Chinese overlord that owns this game. All of the items that have skulls are prioritized and have their skulls removed-vamp scepter, abyssal, dfg. I won't be surprised if a Karthus visual remake is coming out in the near future to "add more flesh" to our favourite lich.
0	This happens to me, I wipe my ass until there is blood on the TP and after walking around or sitting for awhile, just enough comes out again to need wiped.
1	people play the blame game, they don't want to admit they played a part in the team being defeated so they pin it on the easiest to scape goat (usually the person with the most deaths) and make a huge deal about it in all chat while simultaneously keeping their ego intact by fooling themselves into thinking it is all "X" fault.
0	I would suggest removing all stress a long time before you go to bed.     Get everything done in advance;  Make make lunch and/or breakfast, ready your clothes for tomorrow, finish all tasks etc.   Make a little schedule; Set your bedtime. Put your alarm to whenever you need to wake up, regarding how much time you think you need to spend in the morning and leave it(whatever alarm device you have) by your bed. (Avoid counting hours)   Empty your head; Relax a few hours before bedtime, leave all daily tasks behind. You could for instance listen to relaxing music/watch a series/whatever makes you relaxed.   Avoid caffeine after 6 pm.     It works for me.
1	They can have an exempt player, but not a non-exempt player.   Exempt non-resident: Helios, Dexter, Lustboy, Bjergson, entire LMQ team, Krepo, Seraph   Non-exempt non-resident: KaKao, Dandy, Faker, NaMei, Uzi, Froggen, GoGoing,   So, they can replace Amazing with Helios, or NoName but not with Dandy. They cannot replace Bjerg with Faker, but they can replace Bjerg with XWX.   There are ways to sign on non-exempts, through time. Say TSM wanted KaKao, but they can't sign him on immediately. KaKao would need to join the NA scene, and turns into a exempt non-resident, and then he can be transferred to TSM. That's just an example, I don't think there'll be a situation where this will actually happen.
1	I agree with this entirely. As a side note, it's been my experience that teams at lower elo usually just need one person to tell the team that they're doing well (or if they're not, how they can improve and win the game) and make smart calls and play decisions.   That's how I carried myself to 1300 (and showing no signs of stopping) playing only support characters mostly soloq. People said it couldn't be done, guess they were wrong.   And you can talk about 4v5s and feeders all you want but honestly, if you're good enough you can get it done. We had a Udyr disconnect at the beginning of the game due to comp problems and not only won but stomped as 4v5 without a jungler. Similarly, a friend and I were duoing and the mid lane was feeding hard - like 9 kills for 0 to an AP Sion. We simply let the others know that no matter how fed the Sion was he would drop pretty hard if we focused him in teamfights and he couldn't stand up to a Sona/Vayne combo playing smart. The game ended in a win for us with the Sion complaining about how stupid his teammates were.
0	In an over the top comparison, I guess you have to rely on other people doing what they're doing to get by. It's how the whole road laws go, nothings forcing them to indicate, like there's nothing forcing them to stop at a zebra crossing or red light.   It's how the whole system is made so it works, the car follows the laws of the road and operates the vehicle to the standard they passed their test at (never happens to that standard though, hence this) and the people (are supposed to) work around them.
0	You should ask your physician about the flu vaccine, the IM (intra-muscular) version is an inactive vaccine. That means there are no live viral components and you cannot actually get sick from the injection. The nasal spray has a "live attenuated" viral component, meaning it is a weakened version. The idea is that it only causes a localized infection in the nose, which allows your body to build resistance. While some people cannot tolerate the most common version of the flu shot or nasal spray due to egg allergy (as the virus is incubated using chicken eggs, then inactivated or weakened to create the vaccine) there are also cell based or recumbent vaccines which eliminate this issue. The flu virus can mutate, meaning as it is passed from person to person it changes, and even a vaccinated person can become ill with a different strain. Most vaccines now are trivalent, meaning they contain protection from several of the most common strains. People who don't get vaccinated put others at risk by catching and spreading the virus and allowing it to mutate. I especially worry about people with weakened immune systems (elderly, patients on cancer treatment, small children, etc.) as a flu virus can actually lead to death. It's just as important to vaccinate against the flu as it is to vaccinate kids against life threatening diseases. It may not be life threatening to you if you contract it, but it very easily could be to the person you might accidentally pass it to. And the continual spread of the virus contributes to the ever growing number of strains being produced which makes it that much harder to make an effective vaccine every two years the CDC creates one.
1	this is false information.   If you crit check a minion by cancelling your animation until the crit animation shows up, it means you have a window of time to crit THAT specific target only, it is calculated differently for every target.
0	College Board is not for profit.   I'm going to call bullshit: "Consumer rights organization Americans for Educational Testing Reform (AETR) has criticized College Board for violating its non-profit status through excessive profits and exorbitant executive compensation; nineteen of its executives make more than $300,000 per year, with CEO Gaston Caperton earning $1.3 million in 2009 (including deferred compensation).[10][11] AETR also claims that College Board is acting unethically by selling test preparation materials, directly lobbying legislators and government officials, and refusing to acknowledge test-taker rights.[12]"
1	BotrK gives Tristana a huge power spike the moment she acquires it, but from there on out its all downhill. BotrK simply leads up to a bad building path compared to IE as the first item.   Lets say you get BotrK first, what then? You could get IE, but those two doesnt synergize very well together, the combo of IE + PD is usually stronger.   You could get PD or Shiv, which seems to be the most usual path to go after BotrK. It gives you an extreme pushing power (especially if you max E). Your overall damage is alright even though your crits does not hurt at all. I still think IE+PD hits harder (but it costs more also, Im aware, but still worth it IMO).   And further on IE +2 items deals more damage than BotrK +2 items. You need those crits to hit hard with Tristana.   As for the self-peel BotrK gives you; its good. But Tristana dosent lack self-peel. Also, due to her rather slow and clumsy walk animation she is hard to kite with.
1	no, if you want to show respect and acknowledgement you can say "thanks for the game".   In a 4vs5 game or a game with an intentional feeder/game ruiner I would much much rather have the enemies say "bg" signifying bad game than "gg" signifying good game, we're talking about manners here. You cannot use a phrase like "good game" without it signifying just that, and it's disrespectful like hell to the enemy.
1	You need to use something other than Chrome / FF   I had the same issue, until i remembered that Chrome uses its native flash, not adobe's version.   I know it hurts, but dusting off IE and watching it on that it is FLAWLESS
0	Man, you are spot on.  I did four tours.  The first one was the build up in Kuwait and the invasion.  I headed home about two months after Bush declared the "Mission Accomplished."  I was out on the relatively pointy end of thespear and all we had for comforts and supply was the every other week visit from the AAFES trailer.  Reast assured that things were a little spartan.  I returned home 15 pounds underweight due to exhaustion and a bit of poor nutrition.   The day I got home, I was picked up at base and stopped at a convenience store on the way home.  I was AMAZED by the amount of things.  Duct tape, motor oil, and tylenol.  Non-rationed cigarettes, beef jerky and gatorade.  AND BEER!  Talk about sensory overload.   Then as I was leaving a male and female land whale were walking in and damn near ran over me on the way to the big gulp or whatever sugar filled delicacy their fat asses desired.  As the male fat beast dumped into me, he said "Move pussy!"  Needless to say, I was momentarily filled with doubt about my countrymen.
0	This just sounds like the second company made a horrible mistake. First they over valued her--that is if her skill level is tech support level. Second, they should have looked closely at her reason for leaving her old job--the fact that she left the hospital in a lurch speaks volumes about what she'll do to the new company.   This woman left critical medical systems in an unfinished state. Peoples lives depend on those systems--there is no way I'd hire a person who did that, even if I agreed they were being under paid. I expect consideration and respect toward customers, your wife has zero. If she did, she'd have helped hire and train a new person before leaving.
0	She wants you to figure out what they mean because for some reason she feels you should know, and when you figure it out you'll have passed her subconscious test. Sometimes people want their SO to do something without them having to spell it out, because if they have to say exactly what they want then you'll do it not because you're in tune with their feelings and actually want to do what they want, but because they said to.   It's kinda annoying, it's probably considered childish, but I'm guilty of doing stuff like this. For me I was insecure about the relationship and wanted her to show me she cared. Did I tell her that when she asked? Nope, because then she'd say/do something to get me to stop acting mopey, instead of realizing what I really wanted on her own and in doing so showing she cared. I've since figured out this is a terrible strategy, but something like that could be what's going on in your case.
0	I'm an artsy weirdo who is friends with many artsy weirdos. Many of them are unemployed/studying, whereas I work 9-5 in an office. I feel where OPs coming from- I grew up in a welfare family who couldn't afford to buy blankets (we used towels and older blankets that were full of holes) or new clothes. After I graduated, I went on welfare and bummed around trying to "make it as an artist" while allocating $20 a fortnight to groceries. I used to make lime cordial ice blocks to keep the hunger at bay.   Anyway. I didn't get my first job until I was 22, and eventually went back to uni and got my degree. Started working full time in 2011, which was the year I lost a lot of friends. I hung out in goth-ish circles, and one of the "queen bees" would apparently bitch about me having what she called middle class syndrome- that is, selling out and caring more about money than... uh... sitting around smoking weed and being "free" I guess.   Alot of the artsy/goth crew I saw as my tribe would hang out in the mid-week during the day, so I stopped going out as much. Last year I lost my boyfriend of 4 years because when we met, we were both people who would sit around on welfare with no ambition or goals, content to play games or watch Simpsons all day. He didn't want to change that lifestyle and I was exhausted from being the only one who could pay for things/drive us places/etc., but most importantly, the only one of us with plans for the future which were facilitated by my job.   As soon as I started working full time, I could allow myself to have dreams that never would have occurred to me when I lived below the poverty line. I earn $56k a year which is far from rich, but after having nothing for so long, I feel like a millionaire. I never have to worry about having enough money to make ends meet, I'm very comfortable, and I can save up for trips.   But at the same time, I miss the crowd I used to hang out with. I still have friends in those circles, but most of the people I hang out with now are fellow workers who are getting married and having kids. Now I'm sort of wondering if I'm happier being employed, comfortable, and alone, or if I should've just stayed an underemployed artist. Then my boyfriend and I would've gotten married and had a family, which is what I really want. All the dreams I had for the future that came from having a job became unobtainable after he left.   Gah, rant.
1	That's sorta true, sorta not true. While it seems that MR has a logrithmic scaling curve, it's actually a linear EBH (Effective Bonus Health) curve. 20 MR, no matter what point you are at, means You need to deal 20% more magic damage to kill the person (In other words, they have 20% less EBH).   You can see this if you look at the 100 MR/armor checkpoints:   100 MR/Armor = 50% DR   200 MR/Armor = 75% DR   300 MR/ARmor = 87.5% dr   As you can see, while it seems like the DR is scaling logrithmically, it's actually linear between any 2 given points (going from 50% DR to 75% DR I'm actually dealing 50% less damage, which lines up with the 100% bonus EBH)   So, no matter what MR the enemy has, I'm always shaving off the same amount of effective HP I have to go through when I have MR pen.   Of course, %MR pen becomes more efficient eventually, but many people don't stack enough MR for this to be the case.
0	How I deal with this (field tested; it works):     First time you get interrupted, let it go and wait for an opening in conversation.     Second time you start, use different words, so it doesn't sound like you're repeating yourself. Also speak a little louder and more clearly.     If you get interrupted again, clear your throat loudly. This is a polite way of saying "I have something to say". Say what you were going to say, but use different words, so it doesn't sound like you had to repeat yourself.       Tips for success:     Don't get frustrated. It won't help, and just makes you look rude too. They're probably just self-absorbed, and didn't mean to be rude.     If what you wanted to say wasn't that important, let it go. You can always jump in the conversation later, and you'll save yourself stress.     When you clear your throat, do it as if you actually have something in your throat, not as if you're trying to get people's attention. It is more effective, and less rude.
1	He'll now become a troll king if the journey into frelyord is to be believed.
1	The lol launcher does actually check those file (Thus the Calculating Differences step in the launcher) if you accidentally stop the patching process in the middle I think it goes through and checks EVERYTHING to make sure its all what its supposed to be.   HOWEVER, that being said when I say "Check" I mean that the launcher has a list of file names that its checking to make sure are named correctly and in the correct place.   What it does not do is then proceed to load every single file into some type of either coding api or other investigation software to ensure that the data inside each file is what is supposed to be in that file. It just assumes that if its named correctly and in the right place that it is the right file.
1	I'm not sure about post-buff as i haven't played with her yet, but she was a tad underpowered before the hotfix. You're right in saying she's a bit wasted in lane, but thats mostly because she has no real harass. You can use her Q for it, but leveling that up is redundant since it does less damage and doesnt gain a lower CD, and the stun on her W is too short to be worth using.  Her jungling wasn't bad, like you said, but again, there are people who are a bit better, whether its because of speed in the jungle (Nocturne) or ganks (Gangplank).   And finally, she doesn't have a great escape, which is generally pretty important for a close range ad melee type character to have.
0	I got my dents from getting hit and then pocketing the cash rather than repairing my truck because I'm broke. I have 0 at fault accidents, but my truck would be the outlier in this situation.
1	Bronze] I main ADC, and there is this scenario which I have many times in my game that is confusing.  I have a awesome support as my duo, we win the lane early, lets say kill both the enemy adc/sp two times. At this point we end up pushing the turret. Each time after this point in game, I try to go mid and help, but mid says 'go back to your fucking lane'. So, back to bot, its auto push as there is no turret, the enemy adc is farming, I'm farming the creep(s) beside the lane, as I cannot go deep in the lane or I'll be ganked. Later the adc gets more farmed than me.
0	This always happens on driving posts.   What I find funny is how driving is kind of an oddly profound analogy of real life. The only right way to avoid vehicle accidents is to adapt YOUR reactions. Yes, all those people going slow in the fast lane are most certainly assholes, but the only way you can do something about it safely is to go around them. If you rear-end someone because they braked in front of you for no reason, you're still at fault, and a cop will tell you that you should have put more space between them and yourself. Much like real life; we can't change other people, we can only change how we deal with other people.
0	if you get hacked once, im pretty sure the hacker could get your other password too, even if it was different.   plus, if you used different passwords for everything, "someone could use the information they get from one account to compromise the other ones"
1	Swain is a toxic piece pf shit to lane against. Never won lane against him without the help of the jungler, and probably never will. Especially in toplane, against melees. Want ti cs? Here, have a targeted DoT that takes a quarter of your HP bar. Low on mana? Oh, just let me lasthit a few minions and its cool. Low on health? Let me just turn on my ult THATS ON A 8 SECOND COOLDOWN. And dont tell me he is easy to beat pre 6, because if you try to all in that fucker he'll just slow you, snare you and kill you. Then he goes fucking b and buys his catalyst and the lane is over.
1	I've been getting low FPS when i get into random games for seemingly no reason since the Jayce patch. I usually have 60 FPS on max graphics settings, everything on my computer is rated 7.5+ by windows 7, so I should have no problems there. My internet is very good and never have problems connecting (I DL fast and have low ping). I can usually run 30+ tabs on chrome along with skype, 2 games, and background programs like LoL recorder. Only happens when I get into a game (nothing before) randomly and it doesnt change when I change graphics settings or reconnect. I have to restart my computer fully for it to go away (takes ~5 min so I come in being behind by like 6 levels) which makes me think its a ram problem. But I have 8gigs of ram...
0	A couple things:     I totally get it. Even though I DESPISE Beyonces "music" with every fibre of my being, I respect her. She is undoubtably a very talented singer and dancer (but you HAVE to be if you're going to turn the worlds shittiest songs into #1 hits... It's actually mind blowing) and a relatively good role model.     I, too, have been caught off guard at how much I enjoyed a performance. To give this context, my dad was in the upper level management for ticketmaster when I was growing up, so I've been to A LOT of concerts. The most surprisingly good, and among the most memorable performers I've seen was Nickelback. I SHIT YOU NOT... they are actually amazing to see live. The pyro technics were great, and these guys were there to fucking party...     Unrelated to your comment, but relevant to this post... I'd take a Beyonc worshiper over a Marilyn Monroe worshiper every time.
0	I am going through this now. Its definitely not that we don't love each other. For me it seems to be a few things, a lot of stress at work, being exhausted as a result makes it actually unappealing to have sex; It's just so much work to make her happy, where 5 minutes and an internet connection is easy.  I wouldn't say she has 'let herself go' but she isn't the same girl as before figure wise and that plays some role, as well as a little bit of boredom and what i like to call "grass is greener syndrome". But ultimately 90% of the issue is me, I work in a pretty sedentary desk job and for the last couple of years have been really lazy, now I am blessed with good genes and high metabolism so looking at me you'd never know i sit on my ass 90% of my awake hours looking at a screen. But mentally I felt like shit, recently started hitting the gym again 3 times a week and the results have been awesome, sex life is returning and I even have her starting to want to get active and get her figure back.   Wow that got long
1	I've being trying both EWQ and EQW for a series of games, and I feel maxing Q second is much more beneficial. Of course, W makes you fast and fun, but maxing it is only good for passive, as you won't to be spamming it as long as you want to be able to keep up. And the reduced cooldown on Q with an ability to cast an extra tornado every two ones is extremely crucial. Ever had that creepy feeling when some Warwick ults your ally, and your Q is on cooldown for some reason?
1	If your client crashes before the rest of your team is in the game, and then you attempt to reconnect it will not let you. Only once both teams are on the rift will it allow you to reconnect.
0	I highly agree. The best point I can make is that, god forbid, they get taken as a POW. You can only imagine the primal, cruel, and disgusting acts captors can take on female victims.
1	My biggest throw was when the other team had all 2 of our inhibs, baron buff and had our forest fully warded. We turtle mode shit up actually ace them, quickly rushed into their base cleared their outter turret, inhib, and the two tower. Once we started attacking the nexus and my team is calling "GG EZ" I hit /surrender, and of course my friends would be derps and acctually accept it and we ended up having their nexus blow up, then immedietely having the camera move back to our nexus then having it blow up. We got the "Defeat" sign :(.
0	It's worse with firefly, you start out all, "Oh I heard this show is pretty good, I'll give it a look"  then you are all "ohemgee this is the tits"  and then you finish and are all like, "ffffffuuuuuuuuuu why would they cancel this amazing brain candies?! What? A movie too!"  and they you are all, "its fucking over, I have watched everything and now I have to resort to comic books and homages to it in random pop culture just to remind me of how nothing will ever fill my heart agaiiiiiins."  and then you purchase a jayne hat or some other shit from etsy and then you are all "I am a leaf on the wind, watch how i soar."
1	I attended PAX East and cosplayed with a bunch of friends. My friends Melissa and Jess did Diana and Leona cosplays, IronStylus' creations. They tweeted to him about their costumes before the event and IronStylus replied saying he couldn't wait to see them and actually took him out of his busy schedule to meet us and even took pictures. Such a great guy. He's by far my favorite Rioter.
0	Being a black male in college is pretty damn sweet.     They don't have enough so standards are low. [This kid with non-perfect scores was accepted to every single Ivy league college.]( Sure he's african, but he's also male, he's a minority of minority.     Once you get there you have lines of black women lining up for you. My roommates would play nba 2k14 and have at least 10 girls just drop by and hang out at any time to watch.     You're assumed to be an athlete or friends with the football players.       But there are downsides.
0	Story time!   Disclaimer: I'm as white as they come.   When I was little I loved rice and it was all I ever ate. So much that my parents used to joke that I was chinese. So this one time, in kindergarten class, we were learning about countries and nationalities and the teacher asked me what country was I born in, to which I replied "China!". The teacher was doubtful so at the end of the day she asked my parents about it. When my mom explained to me that I wasn't in fact born in China I cried for hours.
0	In the UK we can go to a sexual health clinic, doctors or walk in hospitals and get them for free anyway.   Ironically they are suppossed to be for the poorest to be able to afford contraception, but its just those people who don't use them anyway because the UK benefit system gives you more money the morekids you  have
1	He's got free time for awhile and he's said he is gonna try to "give back" to the subs and fans that have stuck with him thru the highs and lo's of TSM. He also said that he feels the reason why he has such a fanbase to begin with was because he used to teach/commentate on his streams way back in the day... so he is trying to get back to that for awhile.
1	Meh just some drama the community sees fit to judge. Dyrus raged at Reginald. Reginald raged back and kept on raging at Dyrus. Now Dyrus apologized and Reginald apologized people still keep on bashing Reginald even though Dyrus started it.
1	lets look at a flip side, some incredibly unstable person got a person who underperformed in his game, and he felt the need to take drastic actions. contacts riot that this guy may be attempting suicide, obtains address and visits said person and inflict bodily harm.
1	You arent lucky. See bronze is messed up. The people in bronze are sick of being in bronze so they...ok we, have mostly stopped flaming and started trying to be good teammates. Sure our gameplay is weaker but everytime someones flaming and my team starts to mediate, I lolking the flamer and (big shocker here) they're silver V-silver III nine out of ten times.
1	Actually, they only throw out updates when they have real meaningful updates. Basically, if something big isn't fully completed and functional, they won't talk about it much. They learned from replays that even hinting that something might come in the future, and then having something come up to slow progress, means an onslaught of complaints and criticisms for years to come.   Anyone with half a brain knows they're working on a new client, otherwise they would've never updated the patcher or any other things. Have you noticed how they're slowly rolling out updates to the current client? New friends list, now new champ mastery that updates the champion page, etc? Almost as if they're preparing things piece by piece to make sure it all works, rather than releasing everything at once to a big clusterfuck of potential bugs and issues.   In other words, they're doing the smart thing, making sure each piece works well before they roll out the final part. Slowly upgrading and improving the current client so that when they have the new client ready to test, they can 100% focus on how that works, and not all the different pieces of it.   Also, I had to state my opening sentence because any time someone says "just reallocate people to bug fixing and client coding," it's obvious they have no clue how actual programming works. I'll explain it in pretty simple concepts. When it's done, it will be done, until then, it's not done. Riot won't release any news about a new client until they know for certain that it's 100% functional.
0	Well, kind of.   I am overweight, obese by the current BMI standards. I just had a full blood screen with my doctor a month ago. Here are some of my results.   Blood Sugar - 91 Cholesterol - 115 Triglyceride - 80 HDL - 49 LDL - 50   This is from when I gave blood a few weeks later. Blood Pressure - 132/80 Pulse - 91   All are within normal ranges. My blood pressure could stand to lose a few points, but if you looked at this on paper, I would seem healthy.   Now, my 6' 180# brother has diabetes, high cholesterol, high blood pressure, and a host of other problems. Normal body weight, but leads a very unhealthy lifestyle.   Don't get me wrong, I feel I should lose some weight and be more active, but I'm HEALTHY according to my last visit to the doctor. After asking him what I can do to improve my health, he said in his own words "By all rights, I should tell you to lose weight, but you're healthy. Don't worry about it unless you want to do it for yourself." I'm not on any medications. Just because you're "fat" doesn't mean you're necessarily unhealthy.
1	Really? Any other top laner? So just about anyone can play from behind better than Dyrus? Can play as safe with no help from their team and not give up objectives/advantages/get snowballed on? Can come back and still be relevant in a game where they've been starved for CS until the 15 minute mark?   Okay.jpg
1	Please look completely at the example in comparison to all of the others.  It is the only one where there is no quantification to which form of "non-resident" they are referring to (every other time the phrase is used it specifies "exempt" or "non-exempt").  In order for this example to not contradict other examples given, it must read as "Team is starting three residents, two EXEMPT non-residents".  If it doesn't read that way then it is in contradiction with other examples.  None of the examples are perfect for this or the TSM situation.  That being said, there are two listed that specifically end with the team make up you propose (2 Exempt non-residents, 2 residents and 1 non-exempt non-resident) listed under the impermissible roster changes.  The only difference here is that you wish to imply the order a player is added to the team will make some sort of difference when the entire purpose of the rule deals with the final makeup of the roster.  The Example list was just that...examples and it's not a complete list.
0	Damn, that reminds me of a friend of mines sister. this was not at her birthday though, but all the girls collaborated to ALL ignore her for weeks, she was probably 12 at that time.
0	I'll tell you my secret, in an anecdote from just after I finished college:   My younger cousins parents were going through a nasty divorce.  He was living with us that summer while his parents got their shit together.  I took him out with me whenever I went to hang with friends or party.   Near the end of summer my cousin said this "John, no offense but; you are not the best looking guy in the world.  How do you always have these hot girls all over you?"   The answer is amazingly simple.  Be confident, be funny and be nice.  Even ugly guys like be can get hot girls if you are not afraid to talk to them.  Treat them like people, not objects and generally just try to have fun.  I think the having fun part is most important.  Don't try to pick up girls, just wherever you are have a good time, bring your own party.  Don't be afraid to look dumb.  Look dumb every chance you get.  Tell terrible jokes, laugh at yourself, laugh with others.   Maybe I have an advantage because overall I'm a VERY positive person.  When someone asks me "How are you today?"  The answer is always "AWESOME!  How are you?"
1	He is a high skill champ, and got nerfed so now he sucks even more in low elo and hence the drop. He had "only" 48% win rate yet he was banned or picked a lot in lcs. Pro players mastered him and played him to sucess, but the win rate doesnt show only challanger win rate it shows the rate of low leagues too. He is still strong, and has more counter play in lane where he doesnt just poke zone you out of it.
1	Just because he hit the spot once, doesn't mean his builds shouldn't be questioned. From time to time he builds absolute bullshit. I know people like to jerk about Gambit being both brilliant and crazy, but you know... I'm not denying they don't invent new stuff, but that doesn't mean you should blindly follow these guys. It's refreshing to see, for sure, but they're far from top tier, especially with Alex gone.
1	Plat 3, yes. 9/10 times if you or anyone on your team DC's, the enemy team kills the DC. It's a rare sight, people not killing DC's.
1	Quinn top!  A lot of people dislike her because she isn't a tank, and the new meta favors tanks top lane. But I manage pretty well, while I don't have a 100% win rate with her, I tend to do pretty well!   The reason I like her is her mechanics primarily (as with most champs) I think they are fun, interesting, unique, and pretty damn strong if played correctly.     Like for example her most basic combo is to auto someone who is marked (you passive trys to prioritize nearby champs or low health minions for last hitting) vaulting off of them and then hitting them again as it marks them a second time. Level 1 engages are extremely easy to trade as you deal massive damage already since it's your passive doing all the work, and your vault will launch you away so most champs you face top lane won't be able to catch you as it slows them as well. This doesn't work with every champion, such as Teemo, some Olaf's, Pantheon... But most matchups you will be in will be in your favor.   She is also great at kiting, as grabbing her W makes it so when you hit someone who is marked, they take bonus damage (if you vaulted its a minor knock back for the cancels and a decent slow) and you gain move speed and attack speed. So facing melee w/o hard engage is a dream as that is most of the people that I personally have faced in my 15+ games in the past few days   So that's her solo lane potential, she has great trading and kiting potential. Given she is in a decent matchup. But she also is an amazing roamer and ganker with Valor and her ult. I regularly gank mid lane after I hit 6, to either save, or further dominate mid lane. And if bot is having troubles, i can either roam over there, or i always got TP. This mechanic alone also could make her a decent mid laner, as she has equal opportunity to be in EVERY lane at once, and easier drag access.   And finally her mid to late game. She is pretty decent in team fights, as her ult lets her run to the back lines and focus the enemy squishies (given the opportunity, meaning their tanks and hard CC is occupied or non-existant) with her ult she has amazing burst as she can dive them Q then get em low to skystrike, as it deals more damage the lower health that they have. (I believe the ratio is 1% more damage per % missing for a maximum of double damage at 100%) Her passive and vault combo later in the game can easily 2-shot squishies so she should ALWAYS prioritize them (as most champions should). And with last whisper she has some tank shred potential simply because she has such high damage from her passive.     P.S.  I forgot to mention her W. It basically gives you a few seconds of vision in a decently large area, also giving vision inside brush. So you should never have to facecheck again. Although it is on a really long CD (40+ seconds) but ranking it up still has a benefit as it gives you attack speed bonuses with your marks and with Valor.
1	Do you really care if Thresh is op? He is at the point where his kit will almost always make him a top 3 support but he is hardly perma banned(i.e super broken) but that's not so bad. The reality is that Thresh is fun as hell to play and is awesome to watch from a spectator perspective.  People always seem to want to nerf the high skill cap but strong champs which just makes the game generic and boring. I mean do you want to stop seeing 'godly Thresh plays" in LCS? Do you like watching Soraka being played? OMG those clutch heals so exciting. Jesus people will complain about anything. Yeah I understand his kit is overloaded but so fucking what. Thresh plays are awesome to watch and are fun as hell to do.
0	I like the use of
0	The opposite is true. From another thread a father said his wife was always telling him he didn't do anything to help with the kids and he couldn't wait to be deployed so she could finally see all he did.   The top reply was that she wouldn't have any realization of how wrong she was, the only thing she would feel is resentment if he wasn't there.   I can tell you personally that fatherhood is a damned if you do, damned if you don't, nobody will ever feel sorry for your sacrifices since moms sacrificed more.   Yes I'm here to say  mom sacrifices more  but who cries for the dad who also had to give up everything? For the scores of "You had a baby, great job mom!" when was the last time you went to a dad and said "Wow, you were on your feet for 14 hours bringing your wife ice chips and rubbing her back, that must be hard, great job!"
1	I'm seeing a lot of disagreement on his facebook post, but for the wrong reasons - it seems people are just listing good traits of lower tier junglers and assuming that is a solid bulletproof argument.   Here's what I'm getting from Nightblue3's tier list. Besides the obvious tier 1 OP (state of invis in S3/4, went tank=went dmg "free gold" itemization champs), Nightblue values FAST clear junglers with objective control. Champions that have fallen down the tiers are not bad champions in their own right, they are just not as VERSATILE as tier 1. Nightblue could play only Lee Sin in 50 games and maintain a decent win rate, but I doubt he could do the same with Shen.   e.g. Just because Wukong has a strong engage, doesn't mean he's tier 1 OP. Elise is tier 1 OP because she has a strong engage, a strong escape, and a strong clear. Her engage might not be as good or guaranteed as WK at 6, but Elise is A/A- in every aspect, whereas WK is A+ engage, and lacking in almost every other aspect. What if you have to play a dive comp? WK and Elise would both excel. But what if your team has a poke comp? Elise can still max spider, but WK would honestly be pretty much useless.
0	That's because none of the arguments you've made actually include examples of awareness-raising accomplishing something.   In the first one here, you're just describing the planning stages of voting or not voting for certain people based on an issue.  The planning and discussing part is not what makes this effective.  The action that follows it is.  An easy way to tell is that such a campaign would be pointless in the absence of a democratic government- Stalin was very  aware  of dissenters with fully thought-out and practical economic ideas in the USSR, and that didn't exactly inform his policies on anything but the prison system   In the second one, you're describing an appeal for funds to perform an action (political lobbying, medical research, doesn't matter, it all takes cash). Simply letting people know that a problem exists and there are people who have ideas about solving, that is to say, an awareness campaign, simply would not constitute what you're talking about.   Invisible Children is an awareness campaign, which is why they have accomplished exactly nothing in regards to the issue of child soldiers and, indeed, do not even operate in areas where that problem still exists.
0	Actually it wouldn't be LIFO. The gas they bought at a higher price is what they sell first. So prices of say $4.50/Gallon will remain until they run out of that gas and have the $4.00/Gallon gas left. But that's not how it actually works, its more a standard pricing scheme because they will charge whatever the hell they want as long as competition will not undercut them by enough that they lose sales. This is the reason that gas station charge more as soon as the price of oil goes up, anticipating a rise in price. When oil prices go down, the market is still willing to pay the higher price without a loss in sales, so they continue to charge the higher price for increased profits. As competition begins to undercut prices because they can buy it for cheaper, it drives down the overall market price and gas station are forced to lose sales or lower prices to compete. There are also other factors that go into the price of gas, such as the cost to refine it from crude oil, and the cost of transportation. If your gas station was right beside a processing plant that was right beside an oil well, the cost of gas would be substantially cheaper than if they had to truck it across country. But if they only had one guy who knew how to refine it and he demanded three times the wage as before, the cost of gas for everyone would go up to compensate it.   That's a pretty basic model of how it would work.
1	I switched to LoL after I finally got bored of MapleStory. I played that game for 6 years so i was used to horrible customer service and I didn't expect much from Riot. Riot really did prove me wrong. When I started LoL and people would tell me that Riot gives you RP if you're a little short I was astonished. Riots customer Service is A+++++. I see many people complain about waiting on things like replay and certain features that haven't been implemented yet. I think sometimes people don't appreciate what Riot does. When you make the transition from Nexon to Riot Games, you appreciate it so much more because you knew what it felt like to have the shittiest service for 6 years. Riots patches and sever checks go as planned most of the time, no "Sever will be up in 2 hours." - 2 hours pass- "Sever check has been extended for another hour. Then extended again and again.  Nexon is famous for that it was so bad. Started playing LoL and I haven's had one real complaint that has left me upset with Riot. I hope other companies learn from Riot. They are doing an awesome job.
0	When I was 19, I eloped with a guy I knew my family did not approve of. So being a dumb teenager, I just didn't tell them for a while even though I've always been really close to my family. When I did tell them, it was a real shitstorm of epic proportions. My mom said she would disown me if I didn't get an annulment ASAP. They calmed down eventually and my marriage ended "naturally" 20 months later because guess what? That guy was a real fucking asshole. 13 years later, I'm remarried to a wonderful man who my family adores and just had our first child. Life could not be better.
1	I too, have experienced these issues, BUT something everyone should know is it is NOT riots fault. although, to my limited knowledge, an east coast server would indeed help, it is something else altogether. Its important to note that this DOESENT effect all of the east coast players, because if it did then riot would obviously go out and fix this a lot sooner, as they would be losing a large chunk of their playerbase if none of us could playThe last time it was unplayable was on patch 3.10, right after the update. I could not play because my connection was so terrible, but everything else was fine. I have 50mbps upload AND download, and a wired connection, so this didnt make any sense to me. I looked into it, and apparently there is some kind of bottlenecking system set up where companies unrelated to your ISP can bottleneck connections, and do this to basically blackmail you into using their internet services instead. A VPN fixed this for me, and i had much more stable ping. I dont remember a lot of what I read when looking for a fix, as it was months ago, and I didnt read much anyway because it started swirling together with net neutrality laws and I didnt care much.
1	FML. I played my 5th promo game to get from platinum to diamond yesterday, having been loss/loss/win/win in my series. After winning the game I was surprised not to see the diamond badge appear. After an hour of waiting and relogging there had still been no effect on my series. I opened a ticket about it but I fear that the answer I get may well be this article. Can only hope karma is kind to me when I play my next ranked game :(.
0	Someone had an interesting question ITT. If someone was assaulted by someone of a different race (asian, black, caucasian, what have you), and since then, they had a fear of that that race ever since. That fear would make them think that every time, late at night, if someone of that race was walking behind them, they were going to be assaulted. Would that be acceptable?
0	OP posted this here four days ago and got -5 karma.   OP posted this here today (with different title) and got 1549 karma and counting, and on the front page.
1	I'm confused... If he's 23-1 with Rammus why is he still bronze? And is it possible that he could teach me to play Rammus better?
0	For probably a long, long time. We are very good at taking proteins that already exist and maybe changing a few nucleotides when there is a specific goal to optimize for like substrate binding.   However, proteins are globs that fold in a very difficult way. The energy functions that dictate folding are well known, but optimizing a string of amino acids into such folds is computationally intractable, and mostly impractical for biologists now. Knowing how to predict folding is necessary to engineer proteins from scratch, since function follows form. It will be a  very  long time until that happens, and longer after until we can start engineering useful proteins. Plus, obviously the efficacy required for an engineered protein use in consumer food would be enormous. It would be more useful for industry, possibly to express recombinantly and use to produce cheaper drugs or the like.
1	Um, these are S4 rosters with POSSIBLE S5 changes, yes the majority of this is not finalized. So effectively everyone is put in their respective positions until confirmed otherwise (Such as ROCCAT Overpow moving from mid to top). Posting rumours purely because of reddit threads with no sources such as tweets or articles from credible sources would be pure chaos. For example, TSM has offered Santorin to join them in S5; but that does not mean that Santorin should be put on the TSM roster, the same applies to the rumours surrounding Forg1ven to SK, Thinkcard to CLG, Rekkles to ALL, Chaox to possibly rejoin the LCS or a challenger team, and any other free agent (as well as a select few that are looking to play for different teams  coughs  Rekkles) that I haven't listed simply because the list is enormous and you probably get the idea.
0	Well, sadly, he's one of the  many  guys who took all the steroids.  But, yes, and he now has the most home runs in baseball history, which in many people's opinion (mine included) is an enormous black eye for the sport I love so dearly.
1	I played ranked right after I got 30 In season 2.  I stayed in bronze for about two months or so until I got to around 1300 Elo by the end of the season.  I stopped ranked for a while and only played normals for like 200 games. My win rate was about 76 percent or so and eventually I played with plats and diamond pretty frequently, but at the time I didn't know that I was.  Anyway, my win rate with these players a enraged to about 50-55 percent.  I returned to ranked about 3-4 months in S3 and climbed from bronze four to diamond 5.
1	Well this is my theory, with all the knowledge and speculations we have so far. Vel'Koz is related to the Watchers, and Lissandra somehow. He is most likely a Watcher himself (Big eye, seen all over howling abyss, "Watcher"... how can you not name a guy with a big eye a watcher) The Frostguard Icon, also heavily looks like Vel'Koz. But he is also related to Xerath! If you look [here] ( several of these videos involve the Xerath rework, so what does this mean? People think that Xerath made a deal with the Watchers so that he can be freed from his chains. But how did Xerath come in contact with them? There was a reddit forum about this but I can't seem to find it. Also, if you look [here] ( the person is previewing Xerath's reworked skills, starting from Q-W but then he skips E and goes to his ultimate and that's when the Vel'Koz teaser appears... He then shows the ultimate and shows Xerath's E last. People have said that Xerath's E somehow looks like Vel'Koz's eye.            And about the numerous watchers thing, how DID Vel'Koz get through the gates? Why did he join the League of Legends? If you go onto the league of legends wiki of Howling Abyss, this is the story of the bridge, from Greyor the spirit who was bound to the bridge by Avarosa.   "Everybody's forgotten who built this bridge and why. Everybody's forgotten the war that gave this place it's scars. Everyone, but me. I was there! I saw the battle! I died here, and I never left this place! I was bound here to stand guard and sound my  war horn when our enemies come back. And now, now the howling grows louder, and I sense something evil stirring in the abyss, my hand reaches for my war horn. This place will soon see a battle again. One that will shape the Freljord for all time. And if the Freljord falls, so too will the rest of the world. Yes, this is more than just a bridge."   "now the howling grows louder, and I sense something evil stirring in the abyss, my hand reaches for my war horn". The Howling Abyss buzz was roughly 9 months ago... is this "soon" enough? But why would Vel'Koz join the league if him and his fellow Watchers got out? Wouldn't they want to regain control? The only answer to this could be that Vel'Koz was the  only  one who got out. How did he get out? We have the man of Chains Xerath, who's deal with Vel'Koz might've been "free me from my chains, and I'll help free your kind", but only released Vel'Koz from the gates, maybe because he didn't fully trust them? Perhaps Vel'Koz ran off from Xerath, and joined the League so they would free his kind? But how did Xerath free them? Maybe he worked together with Lissandra?             We must also keep in mind that Vel'Koz is from the void, which probably means the Watchers are all from the void too. This also means that all of Freljord have been exposed to it, (or at least Avarosa's generation) and that also means Lissandra's powers came from them. But if they were all from the void, how did they have ice powers? Lissandra's lore states   "Centuries ago, Lissandra betrayed her tribe to evil creatures, known as the Frozen Watchers, in return for power. That was the last day that warm blood ran through her veins."   Are Vel'Koz and the Watchers much more than just Void creatures? How did they give Lissandra ice powers? Why were they called Frozen Watchers, if Vel'Koz doesn't look anything near Frozen now?
0	There is a difference between meat and plants/grains at a molecular level, and cats have a very hard time digesting plant matter to get the nutrients they need to survive. I have no personal experience with Evolution brand cat food, but my friend's cats did not take it well. Other cats tolerate it quite well.   I didn't downvote, but if I had to guess, I would say that people are downvoting the very idea of forcing a cat to eat vegan food. The ethical arguments for going vegan are predicated on the idea that humans can 1) survive without meat, and 2) choose to do so responsibly. Cats have neither the choice nor the natural ability to go meatless.
1	Few things. First off; adults do act like that, unfortunately. In far larger numbers than they should. Not everyone grows out of immaturity and even the more mature people can snap if they're having a bad day and then someone acts like an ass on their stress relief of choice.   Second; yes, Irelia was out of line. However, werecat was employed as, if I remember correctly, player support. That job is basically public relations. What werecat did was equivalent to a secretary telling everyone that walked into an office to go fuck themselves the second they step in. And considering werecat abused his power towards Irelia, Irelia has taken the punishment needed and then some via emotional distress, considering he thought he'd just lost a large amount of time and IRL money invested into an account. Hell, in the sake of PR I'd have given the irelia player 2k free riot points.
1	sometimes it works if you spam the shop button. Also, you are likely not the fastest if you don't have the shop open already.
0	People touting this side usually cite a vowel in a particular acronym when trying to refute the [gif] pronunciation of .gif. Vowels are not the same as consonants as they are commonly pronounced in many different ways:   long a, short a, , , , , etc.   I'm sure that there are some consonants in some acronyms that change they way they are pronounced too, but usually it's to make the acronym very easy to say because it makes more sense to pronounce it that way, not the other way around like with the .gif fiasco.
1	They happen and do feel worse than winning streaks. The best you can do is take a bit of a break if its really frustrating you. Play champs you find fun, maybe get some non ragey friends to queue with. Try dominion or maybe some ARAM games for the enjoyment/pace of something different. Play another game, play when you're drunk, etc. Learn when you specifically make a mistake, and try to figure out how to improve from your mistakes.
0	If you're a gay man that hasn't had a negative association with the word f-----, great, but that doesn't give you the ability to speak for the entire community. 1)There are thousands of people who have had that word thrown at them while being bullied, shamed, and physically assaulted. They don't get to choose to be offended by that word, the association is forced upon them. Same for the n-slur. This is stuff that continues in the present tense, and to demean them as "just being touchy" is heartless victim blaming. So stop.   2) Beyond all that, words are what we use to teach people meaning. By contributing to a culture that introduces young boys to the words gay and f----- as negatives, long before they have the nuanced or even complete understanding of sexuality that we do, is terrible. Imagine any number of preteens on xbox live hearing and regurgitating homophobic slurs, then eventually finding out what they mean. They've internalized that negativity, possibly even before they know their own orientation.   3) You're saying that sucking dick is objectively submissive, and therefore fair game as use for an insult. You're wrong on both counts. It's a personal choice that can go either way, but for my two cents: I say, and feel, that the one in the power position is the one who has the teeth around the most sensitive part of their partner's body.   Reddit is great because it gives us the best possible toolset for breaking down cultures that perpetuate harmful ideas and language. It's also terrible because it's hard evidence that people don't choose to use it that way.
0	Well, first you have to type the 'B', then the 'A', then the 'D'. After those you must insert a ' ' (space), after which you continue with an 'L', then the 'U', then the 'C', then the 'K'. Here we see the return of the ' ' (space) after which another word begins with typing the 'B', then the 'R', then the 'I', then the 'A', then the 'N'. which concludes the typing of the phrase.
1	Utility ? That's like saying "
0	Seriously?  He said he was lonely; he didn't say he was suicidal.  If being lonely was grounds for seeking a "mental health professional", I would've been in an institution since 1974.   In addition, it could simply be the difference between introversion and extroversion.  Introverts just don't "get out there" as much as extroverts do, and it doesn't effect them negatively like it does for extroverts.  Probably the biggest reason extroverts don't understand introverts is because extroverts make up as much as 99% of the population.   It is a bad idea to make introverts think there is something wrong with them just because they don't have/make friends.  In fact, it can be damaging to an introvert by forcing/shaming them into social interactions.  I understand this was not your intention, but being an introvert myself, who is already wondering "what is wrong with me that I can't interact with people", your advice just confirms to the introvert that there IS something wrong with them.  That might not be the case.   I don't know if OP is an introvert or not, but this comment and the flux of other that say they will be OP's friend prompted me to say this.   BTW, I'm lonely in a full house or in a crowd, and the reason I gave up on friends if because I'm terrible at making and keeping them; it's easier on everyone to just stay lonely.
0	Problem Statement   Who manages reddit root now that the 2 co-founders sold it off?  Is there a  ban-a-mod  sub yet?  One with teeth?  Reddit needs checks and balances.  If they already exist then reddit needs to do a better job demonstrating the effectiveness of the checks and balances to the community.   Solution     One mod, the worst mod, should be sacrificed every month via front-page advertisement to instill confidence the system is working and instill a culture of faith in the self policing of the community.  Realize there won't be bad mods every month.  But the ban also is a form of term limit applied to the most disliked or least-liked.    The mods (Senate) would vote, as would the users (House).  Whichever mod gets the most votes, goes.  1 yr ban.  None of that swinging door bullshit here.  Since there are less mods there should be an incredibly transparent self-evident, and simple maths formula to make the weight of the Senate votes equal the weight of the House votes.  There will be vote brigades, tea parties, pirate parties, and a GOP.  These are unavoidable in a democracy.  Perhaps a Constitution might be eventually formed to address these problems...     Lastly, about that formula that assigns equal weight to the House and Senate votes: None of that NCAA football playoffs bracket-selection bullshit maths here, or figuring out the next Easter Sunday bullshit maths. 5th grade or simpler math is required in this endeavor.  Reddit will check its own work.
1	As a support player, screw you all.   AD Carries: Caitlyn - Range, damage, pushing power, long range nuke ultimate, escape, vision + snare.   Junglers: Lee Sin and Elise - Utility and damage packed all up in these two champions. Range, sustain, CC, huge clear speeds, can win the game on their own.   Midlaners: Fizz - Rarely will you see Fizz lose his lane. Low cooldowns on all his spells, %missing hp dmg, nuke AoE ultimate, excessive mobility, untargetable every few seconds.   Toplaners: Renekton - Sustain, ability to annihilate enemy toplaner, decent at every stage of the game, huge mobility, CC, ult that gives HP in case he needs it.   While all these champions require certain skill level to play, Thresh is one of the champions who can more easily miss his spells than hit them. His Q is one trick pony, if you miss it you're going to get engaged on and lose the fight - if you hit you have the chance to either back away because your enemy is grouped around the person you hit and if you go in they'll instantly kill you or you have caught somebody off guard and you get a kill. His flay is a tricky spell. You can fuckup your team with it or you can save somebody in your team - but wait, that's not all - sometimes it doesn't even work properly... like 30% of the time. [His lantern is a spell with enough counterplay and good support players like Madlife use this to their advantage.]( I don't know about other support players but as of latest patch when they made his [R] Wall delay 0.75 instead of 0.5 seconds it isn't that much reliable for me anymore. It's way too clunky too use right now.
1	Number of bans does NOT need tweaking and the fact your complaining about the game just reiterates the stereotype that all  the league community does is complain. I dont understand how you can watch a broadcast from last year and not see the improvements made. There will always be something for you people to complain about. A game can NEVER be flawless. This game and its broadcasts great (great casters, great analysis, they show replays, good hosts, good interviews, decent camera work) show some appreciation for the work the ppl at riot put in. To say something is inexcusable is ridiculous, nobody forces you to play and you dont pay to play so nothing is inexcusable. Just stop watching and stop playing. But you wont because you know that the game is good and you like the broadcast you just want to complain about something.
1	Karma is fun and very effective, no matter what some people say. You have to be very good with her and good at last-hitting in general. If you can do that, she's insane and pumps out a lot of AOE damage as well as being fairly supporty. Just don't play her as a full-on support; her heal is pretty crappy on everyone except tanks so you should build more like a tanky AP carry.   I max the shield first. It makes it impossible for the opponents to do any damage at all if you use it right and it hurts pretty bad at the same time when mantra'd. I max the Q second and take one rank in bond at level four for those pinch slowdown opportunities and also for farming (it does a surprising amount of damage when you drag it through minions).   As far as items go, Rod of Ages is probably the best to rush and the best item overall for Karma. Otherwise, Kage's Lucky Pick or a Philo Stone are good to grab quick. Your main source of income is farming/assisting so the extra gold can help a lot. Depending on the situation, I either go Ionian Boots or Sorceror's Shoes. If I don't get Ionian Boots, I try to grab a Fiendish Codex later and build it into Deathfire Grasp. It's a fun late-game item for Karma as well. And of course, Rabadabadabadabadabadon's. Things like Frozen Heart or Aegis are fantastic after you've got decent AP. It makes you even harder to kill than you already are.   Runes: magic pen. marks, mana regen per level seals, AP/level glyphs, and flat AP quints.
0	i played d1 sports in college and played semi-pro in the summers so I couldn't work a job. i have to be honest, as much as people think you get the benefit of the doubt as an athlete, often you're left with interesting experiences and few upsides. the sports/coaching industry is incredibly bureaucratic (imagine that!), businesses want you purely for sales/commission based work, and all of your free time was spent working out, working out to workout, or working on your workout.
0	How old were these people? I feel like this has to be when you become homeless at an older age, or just stuck in a cycle of extreme poverty your whole life. I couldn't fathom begging, I mean if I had to, I would do it. But if I had any other means of getting by, I would take it in hopes that I could work my way off my feet. Now I'm young, and finally starting to learn to apply myself fully. I haven't lived an uncomfortable life, not an extravagant, a few vacations in my entire childhood, and the excuse was always some sporting event. Haven't even been on an airplane. But I've always had the security of not having to move around a whole lot, not that I didn't ever have my own worries, but I always knew my grandpas were pretty loaded based on how big there house was. So I wasn't ever seriously worried of being homeless and without food.   So after a brief life summary, you can see, not wealth, not poor.
1	I have a similar issue. While I don't usually have anxiety issues, I have for whatever reason been having issues lately, with shaky hands and what not. Some dos-and-don'ts that I found help.   Do : Make yourself comfortable. I like to listen to  this .   Now for the don'ts. Don't drink too much pop. The sugar and caffeine will not help you to stay calm. Also, if you are feeling tense don't keep playing. The added anxiey you get from going on a losing streak won't help your nerves. [Here is a a link to a video]( describing why people go on losing streaks in games, but it can mostly be summed up to "going on tilt". If you want to play, but are feeling tense about a match, do an aram or dominion. Or just do a custom match and practice things such as Last hitting creeps or try hitting an [Insec]( on the A.I.  Hope this helps, and good luck in the future.
0	What if I told you that isn't hypocritical?   She wants equal rights. She wants you to pay for her food. These are not mutually exclusive. It's like saying you can't be a feminist and want to be sexually dominated in the bedroom. Or you can't be a libertarian and live with your parents. There's no connection between the two of them.
0	I do my best, and dear god yeeeeesssssss. This by far has been the best relationship I've ever been in and its because we talk about everything. We always make sure we understand each other on an issue and always find a compromise that makes us both happy. We've only fought once in the 9 months we've been together and that's because we don't bottle things up and assume the other person knows what the other did to upset them. We just say it. Now I'll admit sometimes I have to sit there and prod her a little and sometimes I actually end up figuring out why she was upset with me for doing or saying something before she does. In the end though, We always know where we both stand on things.
1	Context For r/All: A game mode for League of Legends that debuted a year ago today and was/is a fan favorite has been readded to the game after about an 11 month hiatus.
1	You aren't showing you have actual knowledge of the match up   Assuming both ADs are the same to keep that as a control: Leona can't do anything level 1. This basically means Sona is going to hit level 2 first so there's not really a chance for Sona to get all inned. Even if somehow she gets engaged on level 2 she shouldn't die as long as she takes tank runes + start ruby crystal.  sources (4 if you count your passive) vs 3 (Q, Q auto, power chord)   From there on (until level 6) it's a matter of having W Power Chord primed to mitigate damage and sustain. The biggest advantage Leona has at level 6 is that her ulti cooldown is 90 seconds vs Sona's which is 140s, almost a full minute.
0	See, I think that's just unfair. I like giving myself 2 points right off the bat so people recognize it. I could make 100s of fake accounts and hit the front page with stupid shit everyday, but where's the fun in that? I can't tell you how many hilarious posts have popped up in r/funny or r/pics and haven't been recognized because people "don't get it" or "think it's  a repost".
1	I don't understand the train of people who think that the players are spoiled and have no manners. The esports scene is still relatively new to the spotlight. No huge teams of people to dress up the players to look great in a public setting, no foundation to work with. Yes, as a soccer player, I understand sportsmanship and the need for it, but even in physical sports there is quite often a lack. The players are young, so what? Maybe they're richer than the average kids their age, so what? They will learn, it isn't like there was a large amount of previous information to work with. They're different, and yes I agree that they are behind the curve as far as sportsmanship, but no, I don't think people should jump on a hate train just because they are jealous of a job (Which is more difficult than I'm sure they think) or even talk about expectations.
0	Did not read all the comments so I apologize if this has already been said.   I am not a teacher but as I understand it, a significant portion of the school's funding depends on attendance. The powers that be use past attendance data to calculate funding distribution for upcoming years. As a result, if a student misses a lot of days in school, that figure is worked into the aggregate numbers for the school as a whole and results in lower funding for next year. The result is that the school, and that specific teacher, will have less money for programs to teach students who actually attend (and dare I say it, care). Moreover, teacher performance is also administratively lowered as a result. Real teachers, please correct me if I'm wrong.
0	I used to sell movie tickets and I'd use "mam" and "man". Sucks when you can't tell.
0	It is the only way i know how to communicate without sounding like a dullard
1	i'm not upset but 30 people (theyre less actually) comparing dota and lol OVER 2000 POSTs is not nothing, its 1.5%. If you think 1.5% is enough to say that it matter, you need to back to math school.
0	I recommend reading Breaking Through. It's a short piece of non-fiction about a guy who was blind at a very young age, and through new medicine had his vision restored. He goes into detail about the mechanics of vision and how most of the important parts are due to your brain (and how he hadn't developed those parts correctly so he had lots of difficulties ).   Anyway, the point is that binocular vision is only responsible for depth perception up to like a couple yards. Anything further and it's all parallax and experience. Thus, 3D effects are a gimmick, but actually make things look more unrealistic. It's why it's so effective in fantasy settings, since you're already suspending your disbelief. You'll never see 3D in a rom-com or piece of non-fiction.
1	Like I said, I can't personally speak for the time before I was playing. I've heard stories of release Xin, TF, Vayne, etc. but didn't actually experience it.   The fact remains though that nearly every champion released recently has been OP, and I have a strong feeling that it's not simply coincidence. Looking at a list of champions by release date, 3-5 of the last 22 have been arguably OP on release (Quinn, Nami, Syndra, Hecarim, and Varus being the ones who were arguably not). 75% of champs released in the last year and a half have been OP on release.
1	I think your analogy might be a little off here, but it may also be the league system causing it. According to you it's about gaining LP to get to the next division, the point of solo queue, however, is not about getting as high on the ladder as possible, it's about the improvement you make by climbing the ladder. The league system causes this by dividing everyone, motivating them to go up a division/tier.   You must not compare the ladder to work, but rather to school. School is not just about making it to college or the next class, it's about your progress. When you make progress, you learn and you get to go to a higher level/class. When you don't learn (enough), you have to repeat a year or drop a level. It's the same with solo queue, if you learn, you progress, when you don't, you'll be stuck in the same division/tier and eventually maybe drop down. As for the league system itself, it's like you are competing against classmates with tiers/divisions, while you are really only at school for yourself to make it to the next class and to pass your exams.
1	Many would play a lot better if they wouldn't stress themselves so much - and they would have more fun.   Think of it as a path you want to walk.   If you only walk that path to reach the destination, the path itself is worthless and you may miss a whole lot of things on the way because your mind is not open for them.   In LoL this means that you don't learn as much as you could, because you are like "I don't want to learn, I want to climb."  This is equal to thinking "I don't want to walk the path, I want to arrive at my destination."
1	You must be one of those guys that can only identify guns as AK-47's and M4's. I am sorry to break this to you but that is definitely not an OBVIOUS interpretation, the only thing that even reminds of the AK. T "Resistance Caitlyn skin looks similar to Natasha Volkova, a soviet commando from the Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 video game". Second being that AK-47 does not wear a scope and that there are many other things you could sample instead of just the AK-47 which the artist probably did. He probably sampled Soviet weapons like the SVT the AVS-36 and Dragunov  he was probably inspired by the AK a little for the magazine and the body of the gun itself there are other guns that resemble it way more.
1	I'm not really certain on this, but as far as I remember performing another action during a channel cancels the channel anyway before proceeding to that action. So for your example, surely your mouse is hovered over the ADC on your screen and you press E once he moves out of your channel ranged, and doing so would not only cancel the channel but perform the E. Not too sure though. Unnecessary
1	I honestly don't like the use of the wording grinding in this thread. You don't play a match just to get the ip. You play matches for that particular match. I had bought one champion and I had a lot of fun with him at the start (nasus love). Then I chose to get a few tier 1/2 runes and maybe few champs as well. I started in season 1 and have only started hardcore playing in season 3. Didn't spend even 1 cent of money on the game until a friend of mine joined in this year (friends op). And I was happy to play the game that way.
1	Hes not saying he was banned and the reason the ennemy team gave was "Unskilled player".What hes tryign to exlain is that because he is new to the game and doesnt undestand all the unwritten rules and ways of the game (ap mid, support&adc bot etc...) ,players are reporting him for all sorts of things like trolling.
0	I think the worst part for me (3 younger brothers) was dealing with my younger brothers fighting. I think it would have been much easier to deal with one younger brother and be his babysitter. He would have no one to fight with, however my 3 younger brothers all have a very short temper. At 12 you don't have the patience or experience to properly deal with this and I was miserable as the baby-sitter. I don't think parents understand that just because we are the oldest doesn't mean we are mature, we are still growing up too.  I had a fight with my parents because they didn't like the way I was baby-sitting them and that I should know better. I exasperatedly screamed that I was only 15 and not ready to raise children and they finally shut up. I think that was the first time they understood what they were asking of me.
0	While I completely agree wih you, I find that the point this GGG is trying to make is perfectly agreeable as well. Why? Doing something your partner enjoys is a better way to understand them by seeing how they interact with a given topic. Given, you can experience something similar by simply talking about it, but actually doing it is a much better way. Also, doing things outside of your comfort zone  can  be a great thing for many people, and helps you to become a more rounded individual.   Example from someone's comment below: Not being able to go to a certain restaurant with your SO, becuase they don't like the kind of food served there? Completely understandable, assuming that the SO actually doesn't like the food. Go with someone else, then.   Example for my point: Refusing to have anything to do with videogame culture, which your SO is involved with, becuase you have no need for it? It doesn't interest you? I believe scenarios like this one is where my point takes place. You don't have to like playing Portal, or Call of Duty, Forza, Skyrim, LEGO Star Wars, etc. But, should you play them with an open mind, you'll see through the games, and your SO's reactions why it is important to them. This way, you'll value the time they spend on that activity, and understand why it is important to them. Then, using that knowledge you'd be able to find common points to further solidify your relationship through a better understanding of each other.   That is a bit hopeful, and assumes that the SO not preferable to an activity actually carries an insightful mind and reaches beyond surface level attachments to find meaning in activities. But, I think in  SOME  cases, doing things outside of your comfort zone is completely healthy and helps to build stronger relationships.   Note: This can also be applied to anyone you want to get closer to.
1	mmr based matchmaking."   That isn't redundant.  It  usually  would be redundant in a sane system, but the fact is that most players expect league/division based matchmaking instead.  Similarly one can't simply say 'rating' based matchmaking, since league/LP serves as a rating system of sorts.
1	Nah, I don't think so, although Regi (I think it was Regi) said that as far as he knows every team is switching something up in season 4, and I'm pretty sure that TSM will definitely have a roster change.
0	One sleep cycle is, on average, about 90 minutes. I believe there are four phases in a sleep cycle, each one deeper than the last. The deepest phase is REM (rapid eye movement), which happens in the middle of the cycle before you go through the cycles in reverse and come out of deep sleep. In the REM phase, you do your most vivid dreaming and your body literally paralyzes itself as it recuperates. Most people go through about 4-6 sleep cycles each night, which equates to about 6-9 hours of sleep.   I learned this fact like five years ago and it's changed my sleeping habits for the better. I find that if I get 7.5 or 9 hours of sleep I feel great! This is because I'm waking up during the lightest stage of a sleep cycle. It's how you'd naturally wake up without an alarm.   But if I wake up after 8 hours, I'm in the middle of a sleep cycle and likely in the REM phase, so I feel groggy and lethargic. This is because my body is actually paralyzed at that moment I wake up. Additionally, I can vividly remember my dreams when I wake up during this phase, since REM deep sleep involves the most active dreaming.   I have no idea why you hear 8 hours a night thrown around so often. I mean, obviously every person is different and your sleep cycles may be way off from 90 minutes, but 8 hours has never worked for me.
1	I'm not saying that Koreans are somehow genetically better than Westerners   You don't even have to dance around the racial-differences argument to explain (well, hypothesize) why most people's experience says Asians are better at matters of calculation.  It's likely a matter of language, not genetics .   In short, Asian numbering systems do not create new words for anything but orders of magnitude past 10 (100, 1000, etc); everything is expressed as a combination of the numbers from 0-9 and orders of magnitude. 11 is "ten-one", 12 is "ten-two", 21 is "two-tens-one", etc. So they use a lot fewer distinct words and a lot less time to express the same numbers, and reputable research reports that those who speak languages with shorter expressions for numbers are generally able to remember more of them.
1	Yes i lost my promos to plat one because of server DC and riot doesn't give loss forgiven because it's bugged and won't do it for promos even if you petition them to on boards.
1	Sadly, you do not bring any reasoning and/or explaining into your arguments. What you said lacks any reasoning, because:   running armor will help you survive the very early game. It will become obsolete with brutalizer/BC. Bruisers and assassins without range aren't even strong early game. Take zed for example. Once he has bc and his ult he shines. Pre 6 you can pretty much out harass him with ranged AA and abilities. It will also tune down your dmg, which is the thing you need most as ap mid. Your job normally is to burst down enemies. If your enemy has a last whisper as well, the amount of money you spent on armor is simply wasted. Also, ADs have a higher cost for their final build and thus accordingly to doublelift higher stats.   Usually though, APs have more utility, like charm, taunt, root, displacement etc. So the AP role itself isnt obsolete - its just less attractive than ADs who can dominate mid lane harder. Chauster also said, mid is the most important lane in his ama - shut it down, win the game.   Theres a reason koreans favour ADs mid.
1	I think Hecarim is slightly underrated. His counterjungling is great: Q+W clear camps quickly and his E/R allow him to make some pretty quick getaways. Compared to other junglers, his pre-6 ganks are some of the best, too, and should be exploited a lot. I think you aren't using E very well if you think it's only good against overextenders, because the MS you gain from it is a  lot ! Combining the extra damage from both the ability itself and your passive, timing it properly will give you a nice bit of burst when you're ganking.   He typically shines more in team fights. W allows him to stay in the fight for a substantial amount of time, and your Q will be hacking away at multiple people. R should only be used as an initiate if your team  really  needs it. Hecarim does  not  fit the typical tank role very well, and should be played as a standard tanky DPS. His ultimate allows him to immediately charge to the back of the enemy team and pound on the carries; the fear is there to give him a safe pathway there and allows him to be disruptive (like Shyvana, Renekton, Nasus etc).   Hecarim's main weaknesses come in his 1v1 potential, and that is precisely why people don't think he's scary. He's not good at securing kills at all and he isn't particularly scary to run into in the jungle. Another problem he has is his itemisation. Both the champion spotlight and the general community have praised how incredibly useful Trinity Force is, but this a glass cannon build which should only be exploited if you're ahead in kills and the like; bruisers like Wukong, Garen or Shyvana can get away with it because they have innate tankiness from passive abilities, but Hecarim doesn't. I have had a lot of success building him with Shurelia's/Merc's/FM/Frozen Heart/FoN/MoM-style builds. CDR is a really fantastic stat on him. edit: I realise Sheen is great on him as well.
1	The reason that OPs develop is that Riot want every champion to always have a chance against other champions. They want every single thing to have counterplay for EVERYONE. To do this, they generally avoid, as far as possible, hard counters. This means that, when a champion becomes very strong, there isn't a hard counter to it that can necessarily be brought out to beat it.   So some champions become strong, and then they get nerfed, and then some other champions get strong because they used to be beaten by the other ones, and so they get nerfed, such is the Riot way.   But without these nerfs, the picks will never evolve. In a game like Dota 2, where they aren't afraid of putting in hard counters, you can just pick a counter to the OP, and there are a massive selection of items like you'd like to counter them as well. See "The Play": this was a masterful bit of theorycrafting used to perfectly beat what was considered to be the most blatantly overpowered thing at the time. This is possible because everything has things that can beat it very hard.   But in League, every matchup has to be able to go both ways, so when a champion gets too strong and starts to be able to beat these counters, it no longer has ways to beat it. You can't pick the absolute hard counter, because there so rarely is one.   Since Riot are so determined to keep this as a philosophy, putting greater power into items is a great idea. The item diversity in League has always been criticised for there being too few used, and there straight up aren't that many overall. But the issue is that so many are incredibly generic, Deathcap for instance is one of the dullest items there is, "damage". If every item filled a particular role in terms of what it could do, like Zhonya's for instance, then there would be far more counterplay for everything.   Riot seem very scared to put that much power into items, but it they would, then the game could become far more interesting. How about a silence on an item, or an enrage thing similar to Ghostblade, but for more damage instead? Then, if when those were combined you got too much power, well, get an item that blinds them, and removes this moment of power from them. It would be a far more interesting game then, because you could choose between having say that enrage active for more power over a short period, or you could go for an item that gives you flat stats but less of them, so you're stronger over longer periods.   For this to happen though, generic, all-purpose items like Deathcap and Athene's really shouldn't just be nerfed, they should be straight up removed. No item should be an absolute must buy to fulfill a requirement like these often are, there should be meaningful options for who you're playing against. The item system really needs a proper overhaul, removing dull items that give players no "meaningful choices" ( cough Riot values cough ) and adding more power to them in general, so that every champions remains with the ability to beat others, but while gaining far more interesting options to do so through items.
0	I was surprisingly moved by one of Stephen A. Smith's monologues on First Take. He diverged from the actual question into a more interesting discussion of conformity in the black community. Although it's a fine line to walk, I don't think he was wrong to suggest that a degree of conformity to the standards of society at large is necessary, and maybe even more so than for other groups, for the educational and economic success of young black individuals. Although his point about wearing a suit to work wasn't exactly profound, he used it as a springboard to criticize athletes for preaching a message of "keep it real" that can substantially worsen a young individual's chance of success. He was essentially making the claim that athletes, despite working incredibly hard and often coming from difficult backgrounds, can speak from a position of privilege without realizing it. What worked for them or works for them is not always a principle applicable to non-professional athletes.   Personally, I've always been wary of the assimilationist mentality that gets wrapped up in the King-ean notion of equality that emerged from the Civil Rights Movement. An examination of King's rhetoric reveals an equally compelling notion of equality, which is equality inclusive of difference rather than in spite of it. You don't ignore blackness because we are all human; rather that blackness empowers you as one of the defining traits of your humanness. Race is not something you simply attempt to overcome or absorb, but something you attempt to understand and empathize with; there are pluralistic ideological roots that attempt to equalize without flattening. With all of that said, however, there is a practical element to assimilation Stephen A. Smith is drawing attention to. People of all races and backgrounds must to a degree conform in order to ensure the possibility of their own success. It's a fine line to walk, but it is one all minority groups have had to deal with. For example, the struggle between differentness and assimilation can be seen as the primary issue underlying most of Jewish history.   It seems I've gone off on my own rant, but my whole point was that sometimes "race baiters" can incite meaningful discussion. While I think it would be better if we had Cornel West instead of Stephen A. Smith talking about race, sometimes the discussion is still productive rather than fanatical.
1	Ok this was a waste of time, no news was given, no info was distributed like they said. What wrong riot? Cat got your tongue?
0	Delivery Driver, going to the ghetto was a mixed bag of tips. If the customer was a regular they'd usually tip at least a little bit (especially if they were high at the time), but if they were a new customer and in the ghetto then I never expected a tip, ever. Worst is when they complain that you didn't put something on their food (when you did, I helped make the food too since it was a small shop) and then you have to drive 20 minutes back out to their house to replace it, after they didn't tip, just because they're too cheap to get extra whatever. (I saw the stuff on their counter on a napkin from the front door. Fuck those people.)
1	This completely takes away from the Random part of ARAM then. The more rolls, the more control over the type of character you will get. Leaving it at only 2 rolls keeps the games as interesting and well...random. Sorry you had all melees or no tanks, but everyone has that all the time. That's the very point of the game.
1	What prices are we looking at on this guy? He sounds very fun, and i like his skills a lot! I think maybe he should have no cost on his q as it sounds like his only harrass so would be spammed, therefore if he uses it too much he wouldnt be able to buy any items. Maybe replacing the Networking passive with something like the ancient coin passive, or else maybe the philosopher's stone passive? That would help his gold costs a lot. Also 20% off 35 gold for a health pot is 28 gold :P which is about 3 seconds of waiting.  So
1	Well /r/leagueoflegends isnt`t that bad, but I get what you mean. I took a look at /r/starcraft and it was really boring tbh. Let there be posts about esports and celebrity, but also keep the fan made stuff :) I am here for info but also for the LOLS :)
1	Do you think that requirements to becoming streaming partners making "going pro" prohibitive for newer players? It seems like it would be hard to put in all those hours to get great without any sort of way to make anything from it.
0	As someone who doesn't really watch this show but will watch the finale can someone
1	Can't tell if being sarcastic ... or trying to prove a point..   Never the less, Early game nunu is great, take damage, eat minion, hella lot of sustain. Compare to Talon, take damage, cop it till end of laning phase/go back/wait for regen/slight lifesteal if you went dorans. Late game he isn't as good, his ult works wonders if you can pull it off, but apart from that he is a one hit wonder, and his slow, he's so much better going support, ult is still useful, but you become such a better team champion.   Early game Garen is unmoveable, his passive ensures lane sustainability + no mana = can play a bit more recklessly in lane. Late game he isn't as strong because you cannot do play as recklessly, champions are more developed and you'll barely get your passive going before you're re-engaged upon, you cannot carry you're team unless .. you got very hard, but then again (almost) every champion can carry their team if they are fed.   Mord, i don't play him and haven't seen him post-nerf as much to say anything on him.   Also Tryndamere is a hard pub-stomp champion, executioners calling on one of  your champions makes sure if he build glass cannon, he will get punished, he is really easily countered by any form of good timing cc.   Sion's a funny one, if he builds AP he is pretty strong early-mid but isn't as good late game, if he builds AD, he isn't AS powerful as ap, but mid-late game he shines, as for his 'retarded amounts of lifesteal', yes, it is a lot, but that is his ultimate, it is meant to be unique and powerful, build armor instead of hp to remove that problem, have appropriate cc and good decision making, he is melee, abuse that.   And yes, they will own a 1v1. But this isn't a 1v1 game, it is a 5v5 game. A good team composition along with good positioning will wreck a tryndamere/Sion, If an ap carry does their job, force Tryndamere to use his ult, 5 sec of 'endless rage', kite back for 3 seconds, that 2 seconds he is going to use to escape. It is now a 4v5, this is why he isn't as strong at higher elo, Glass cannons aren't very strong.
0	My friend's sister used to DRIVE with her left leg on the dash between the door and the steering wheel. Well she wasn't a good driver to begin with and got in a really bad wreck that should have killed her. Luckily, she just nearly ripped her leg off. Its been 8 years and she's still going to phisical therapy. She had to put everything on hold. School. Her job. She was trying to have a baby and is just now well enough to go through labor. So yeah...don't fucking do that.
1	Shyvana; although people may consider her weak, many people just don't know how to counter her insane clearing (lane or jungle). The very fact that her ultimate gives her free steroids already makes her a target to worry about; her dragon-formed abilities allow her to devastate high-priority targets too.
0	in case OP does not know, Heimerdinger is a character in League of Legends and of the different emote sayings each player has, one of Heimer's emotes is that exact joke in OP's post.
1	Here's the thing. The prize money is the teams direct incentive to win (along with circuit points, but clearly both teams did not care about these). Since they both agreed before hand to split the prize money, they let their intentions be known that they did not care about the standings or rankings, or even who won. True, this is not deciding per say to throw the games in one direction or another, but it is certainly covered by the "intent" of the MLG rules.
1	black is a color of strength, authority and tradition. Mix that with a uniform that is mostly consistent then you can create an iconic look for what a TSM player is to the public and to the team. I think it will help over the years when TSM grows to make the changes that are necessary less of a PR problem since the uniform represents the TSM organization.   It also plays a part in how TSM members view eachother when wearing the uniform. Much like police will fraternize over similar or identical dress code and job, Teams fraternize over Jersey and dress code allowing them to see each other as a unit.   Perhaps the only Thing I would add to the uniform is to denote who is the captain in some way, perhaps a C on the uniform of Bjerg somewhere.   It isn't a cure-all problem when it comes to teamwork, (even though CLG does look great in their kits) since it is about perception of uniformity when in the public eye and doesn't translate over to private conversation. But it can make everyone see the bigger picture and understand that someone else can be wearing that jersey next week if they don't perform
0	I have a very hard time believing that the beach was "semi-private", particularly if it was being patrolled by police. A homeowner would have no claim to the beach itself unless it's included in the deed to the property; property along public beaches might include deeded easements for access across the dunes to the beach, but nothing more than that. Without knowing the area you were renting in, I can only speculate. But if the area includes a lot of properties similar to the one you rented, my hunch would be that the beach is actually public.
0	Bikes can come back to you. When I was 16 I saved up for a new Trek- it was stolen a few years later from my back yard, fucker sawed right through the ulock. Saw it at a pawn shop a month later, ran and told a cop who absolutely loathed bike thieves and we drove his squad car, lights and siren on, the 5 blocks back to the pawn shop because "those fuckers might get rid of the evidence". We get there and he bounds into the shop full of righteous fury, leaving me locked in the back seat of his squad car. Comes back 30 seconds later wondering where I am and finally lets me out of the car to point out which bike was mine. Pawn shop is full of lies and claim that the thief must have sneaked the bike into their shop to "make them look bad". Cop told me to take the bike a leave and I got the hell out of there as he screamed at them.   Same bike was lost again, I quit a small touring circus in during a stop in LA; we parted on poor terms and they drove off with my bike still locked to the back of their van. Thought it was lost for good- 3 years later in New Orleans, some friends were about to bike to a party; seeing that I was on foot, one of them offered me his guest bike, which of course was my trek. Same labels, same scratches, a little more rust, but totally my fucking bike. 10 years later and I still have it- it is now locked up with a 5 ft fahgettaboudit chain.
1	Yeah, you should not be scared of playing some normal games from time to time. It's really important to know how you can do against real players. While you'll reach the lvl30, you'll sometimes fall against real lvl30 that already have a lot of games in this queue type. Playing too much bots will only screw you.
1	True that. The Riot support guy was even trying to cheer him up, like "you can do this, you allready made it once". And then being rude and disrespectful, just because you feel a little buthurt, because your e-pen shrinked without gold?
0	Your kidding right? While that may true in the current scheme of things it is far from true over all, and if you provide a source such a comment I will accept it.   And what I'm about to say might make me seem racist but fuck it. I can understand where your coming from. But like I said if you replace the term Muslim with Black, at least in the states, it still accurate. Does that mean being black is the problem?   Its getting a bit long. "Approximately 12%-13% of the American population is African-American, but they make up 40% of the almost 2.1 million male inmates in jail or prison (U.S. Department of Justice, 2009)" Does that mean black men have higher chance for being criminals or its because socioeconomic backgrounds makes black more likely to be situations where crime is an option. The point is to say first its not a religion that promotes violence is the specific leader, group, individual. Second I agree with you that currently every news about a religious killing (except for like 3) were done someone claiming to be defending Islam, is that okay? No but it doesnt mean that Islam is the cause of these deranged people.
1	I myself am not a high tier player. I've been going up and down the silver tier, from 5 to 1 and reverse.   What really makes me mad is not thinking about your allies.   I just had a game that is the perfect example of that. I on mid lane as Xerath, not doing that well and Vayne as ad carry, doing well. Last teamfight.   So we engage at enemy mid inhibitor, our jungler Amumu and top Malphite take the front. What went wrong is the fact that instead of watching for our ad carry, in this case, Vayne they went for enemy mid Cassiopeia which was far from being a serious threat for the team. So they go after her and enemy Jax and Lucian just walk past them, and simply walk to me and Vayne.   Naturally we try to defend ourselves but trying to escape from Trinity Force Lucian and Blade of the Ruined King Jax is a little bit hard. I died first and then Vayne died. Soon after that Jax and Lucian join now almost dead Malhpite and Amumu and they get the game.   This is just a single case of many. I see this all the time. Instead of trying to protect your teammates as a tank or support, you take the lead and act as an assassin trying to score as many kills as possible.   Earlier I had a game as Kog Maw and I felt this again on my skin. Enemy is after you, my support does his best to protect me but dies, he can't push back 3 champions at the same time. Rest of the team arrives only to chase the target with the lowest health which leaves me in the tight spot.   Another thing that really tires me are bad champion picks. If we have assassin jungler and assassin on top lane, why the heck do we need yet another assassin on mid lane. Or we have a top lane that mostly deals physical damage, jungle that mostly deals physical damage, then mid lane goes retard mode and picks Zed. This simply cries "Armor" on every turn.   In this light my greatest hate is ccless champions. After picking Yi, Nidalee, Miss Fortune and Shyvana, do you really think that we can do anything to enemy Katarina who can just spin as she pleases since we can't stop her at all?
0	Bullshit, I ran into one of my bullys at my 20 year highschool reunion, and he picked right back up where he left off. He started laughing and said we should have gotten a locker there to stuff me into for old times sake. I told him that perhaps I should just retrieve my handgun from the parking lot and FUCKING kill him. I think the way I was trembling and smiling made him nervous as he shut the fuck up and suddenly went to the other side of the banquet hall.  I knew I shouldn't have gone, bit I thought maybe people change and that it would be good for me to see that. Whole experience set me back :-(
1	A few nights ago, I drank till I was a bit tipsy and was playing a few games with my friend while we chatted over skype.  Normally we don't play all too seriously and we'd joke around and such.  My big issue in my normal play is I play too safely and rarely like to dive into a fight.  However, with some inhibition gone, I did somewhat better in those games and it was a lot more fun.  Ultimately, I think it's up to the individual player and being too drunk probably hinders most players as LoL requires a lot of reflexes, like driving.
1	The answer is: There is no "GoTo" anymore. I really like what Riot did here because they changed Heal/Barrier/Ignite/Exhaust/Cleanse to a point where every one of them can be used effectively in Botlane. I can even see an Exhaust(Support)/Ignite(ADC) combination for a heavy kill lane working out if executed properly.   I'm trying to think of a common used setup among ADCs but there are just too many variables to be considered now. Just a few I can think of right now: Enemy Support+ADC, enemy Mid/Top/Jungle, overall enemy team composition, your Support/ADC, your Laners, your overall team composition, your gameplan (laneswaps, mid or lategame orientation). If you keep thinking about it there are even more I guess.
1	I have a feeling that if they lose he will accept and eat crow without much back pedaling. It sounds like he is making a team culture that accepts responsibility for underperforming while also actually using losses/criticism/feedback to grow. From a fan perspective CLG are notorious for not implementing any obvious changes when they do poorly, but Dexter sounds like he's getting them to act on improvements for more than just the two days after losing to a lower tier team.
1	Look, it does not make sense what you write.   On one side you want to get diamond 2/1 but on the other side you seem to be fine with "just" the diamond boarder.   I can tell you, I had an unlucky 3 lose streak when I got to diamond 1 and thus destroyed my MMR. I kept getting only a few LP while losing way more.   It was eventually gone after I kept playing without caring about the LP.   There was a top front page post just yesterday which was from a challenger player telling people how to climb.   His
1	When i duo'd I had a 80% winrate with my partner, the few games that were lost, were lost due to the fact of people already calling the game lost because a duo's asked for bot, little things such as a 4v5 afk or someone playing badly, blaming us and then making himself play worse, and thats at mid plat to diamond.   I would imagine the main source of losing with duo's on your team is because some peoples mindset cant get past the mental barrier of having a duoQ, I'm not sure why but they deem it as worse than the existence of Teemo.
0	Yeah I know and those are the rules I follow so that I don't unfairly downvote any user, however in the back of my brain I correlate that asshole remark I just saw with an upvote I just gave and it makes me twitch, just a little.   I guess to better explain my point, I can explain my thought process of a non "fuck this" post.  Normally (and I mean normally as it applies to me, because in the subreddits I read most posts aren't "fuck this" posts) over my time on reddit I have learned to correlate seeing a post or picture I agree with or find humorous with the urge to upvote and give the submitter the karma they deserve; and on the other hand, when I see a stupid, unfunny or offensive post my brain has naturally learned to correlate it with the urge to downvote the post.   NOW , consider a "fuck this" post where regardless that the title says the submitter doesnt agree, I see that same stupid, unfunny, or offensive content that my brain has learned to correlate with the urge to downvote.. Now do you see how I feel slightly conflicted by having to upvote it due to it being a "fuck this" post?
1	Nah, I just don't like how Riot wants to play god over their own league, sometimes fining for a specific "offense" and sometimes they let it be. They are clearly disregarding their own rules whenver they feel like it.
1	I think she's got a really fun playstyle, probably one of my favorites. I actually like to get a Youmuu's Ghostblade really early, as I found myself unable to chose between BC and Mallet, for the penetration or sticking-power. I decided to go early Youmuu's and it has actually been working pretty well. It also gives her attack speed, which goes VERY well with her early IMO. I feel like if you can stick to your lanemate, then you can really dish out some serious damage early on.   I don't really like Frostborn Gauntlet, as I feel like she doesn't do much with the AP, and Frozen Mallet is a much better choice. I also haven't tried Triforce (because I always build FM), but that's mainly just because I'm really unlucky with the procs.   I feel the key is harassing early with Excessive Force, but next time I'm going to try maxing W first to see how that goes.   I don't actually get BT on her; I never really have room for it. I normally go Youmuu's, BC, GA or Warmogs, maybe LW. If I don't get Ninja Tabi, I like to get Zephyr for the tenacity, and the other stats go really well on her too. I like Bulwark for the tankiness, especially since I can afford it much sooner than the support. Haven't tried it but I think Randuin's would be sick, since she has to dive in the middle of the enemy team.   I feel like vs Cho-Style champs, you have to go for a kill pre-6 to establish a lead, and make sure not to fall behind in CS. I don't go sustain to beat them; I either go Doran's or Brutalizer to smash early.   I also want another skin for her, cause I don't like the Neon one.
0	I disagree! I have alot of good friends and they know I have a big mouth and talk alot of crap, but guess what! When shit breaks down, they know that I'm there. I'm not the "best" best friend. I'm only human and i say stuff I dont meen.   I think you just have to be honest about why you do stuff. I always stay behind what I said, even if it makes no sense and was hurtful.   But honestly, I'm probably the one who says sorry the most..
1	We" don't need that at all. Speak for yourself.
0	I have thought about this quite a bit and it still gets me. When I was born up until the age of, I think around 3-4, my grandmother and her sisters smoked, my grandfather had quit before I was born and parents never smoked or was around anyone that did except for the mentioned family members. Anyways, I remember going to the lake house alone with my grandparents around the age of 7 or so and always stopping at the gas station to get candy, drinks, etc., I would get candy cigarettes and my grandmother would not be happy when I would pretend to smoke with them (she had quit by this time and I'm not really sure if I had ever seen her smoke, I cant remember). Then in years later at the lake house when I was a bit older around 9 -13 I would go with my grandfather and spend a week or two in the summer but I remember him doing yard work and such, while I would cut pieces of paper into strips grab some cotton balls and tape and go hide behind the boat. I would crush up leaves and roll them into the paper with cotton in the end, tape around where the butt would be and smoke the leaves (not inhaling) just to blow out smoke. I can come up with a lot of reasons as to why I did this but it just blows my mind that I found a way to roll something up and smoke it not ever seeing it done before, almost like a desperate need to do it. I did end up smoking at around 16-17 and since then have smoked about a pack a day (quitting here and there.)
1	yea it is almost always best to ping it just to make certain your ally sees them. I play Katarina mid, and I cannot count the number of times one of my allies has saved my ass when I was focused on farming or trading and I did not see the jungler walk over a ward. Also it can let me know to start a follow up roam a lot sooner than I would have if they had not pinged.
0	I frankly don't believe that is true at all. I am aware that those people exist, but I do not think that kind of logic "dominates the subreddit." Most atheists are aware that the existence of God is ultimately unknowable, but still have the belief that he does not exist. These are agnostic atheists. Yes there are so-called gnostic atheists, but I disagree entirely about how prevalent they are. And keep in mind, there are also gnostic theists who claim with absolute certainty that they know their God is real, just as there are agnostic theists who believe but acknowledge that they could be wrong.
1	I agree. Why isnt Mao or Empereror HiroHito a swear word? I come from asian descent and i want my dictators to be accurately represented too!!!
0	can i summon you for other posts when a need a quick
1	Dont give a shit about bad losing sprees and stuff. Dont moan too much, man it up and move on. Dont be a bitch about teammates and dont cry after first 2 kills like "gg surr 20 its lost" etc.
0	I think you have a point, but you're coming across as quite arrogant. The current way we treat fat people isn't going to fix our obesity problem, but neither will insulting them.   I have a friend since pretty much birth that is overweight, and he has been for most of his life. Insulting him about being overweight never made him want to excercise.   I am also overweight, and the first time I really started working on losing weight was when I was dating a very attractive young girl who was tiny, and I didn't want to crush her while laying on her.   I guess my point is that to change our countries problem with obesity we need to have good reason for them to lose weight. Not insult them, or give them privileges. I wish I had a good idea to do this, but im not a genius.
0	You are right, there was a compliment in there. And you're welcome, it really was funny. But for me and few other people, being told what to do drives us to do the opposite. Call it a disorder or cognitive dissonance or whatever makes a person feel better, but being told what to do despite that we intended to like/subscribe makes some people not want to.   I would ask not to be told what to do, but that would be selfish and my selfishness may cost your subscriptions and I don't want to be responsible for that. The majority aren't rebellious to blatant marketing and if I were trying to get many viewers, I would certainly target the observable majority.
1	Your tactic is fine, pushing denies LeBlanc not only farm, but her strongest side, which is roaming. Your mistake would be that you dont utilize the aspect of pushed lane.   You shouldnt stay in front of his turret and look at your creeps dying to his turret. Just go take wolves, wraiths. Have wards in ATLEAST one side of enemy jungle entrance around mid (preferably 2). When you see jungler appear in other lane shove the lane even harder, or roam.   What i do is:     Pick good wave clear, good/semi-good roaming, bulky mid (for example: Gragas, Orianna)     While laning constantly glancing at minimap and track jungler.     Shove lane     Roam to the opposite side of where the jungler is and try to pick kills for myself or my team. In case for some reason other lanes are ungankable, take wraiths or wolves, by that time turret will clear your creeps and lane will reset.     Also having deeper wards in enemy jungle helps 1v1ing squishy enemy jungler.
1	The thing is that all the divisions are basically the same until High Plat where people actually start knowing what they are doing. It drops a little when you hit low Diamond but it goes back up in Diamond 1 90+ LP.
1	I still want to see a dark/light champion.   eg. R toggles forms (dark/light)   QWE whilst dark form does XYZ and uses dark energy   QWE whilst light form does ABC and uses light energy   If you go >100 dark or light energy you... idk... use your health pool instead or something?
1	I bought Evelynn two days ago and after starting 0-2-4 I was being raged at for "feeding" even though said feeding was actually roaming and setting up 4 kills. Then, because I "stole" 20 creeps from our Ashe in the first 20 min of the game, she decided to start attempting to surrender and sit in the well, spamming me for ruining the carry's farm. Shortly after I was 6-5-7, Ashe was still vomiting hate, and our jungle (2-8-5 and fail ganks galore) began to blame me randomly after he tried to "Backdoor" by walking straight down mid lane into their entire team.
1	Heres your problem: Youre focusing way too much on the ladder, LP, divisions and promotions.   I was stuck in silver 4 for over SEVEN HUNDRED (700) games. All i cared about was desperately hitting gold. After i hit the 700 mark, i decided to just give up and accept the fact that id never be gold. I just started playing to get better and learn more.   I shot up to silver 1 in about a week. Im currently silver 2 again after some annoying internet issues causing me to lose some games, but im confident i can get back in.
0	Or you have a job where you are stuck in a lot of meetings (Like myself. Yay!) and taking out your phone at all is a big no-no. I try to explain to my friends that if you text me during work hours there's a 90% chance I won't respond because I can't. Normally I'll respond back after work, but people are impatient and take it as a slight.   Personally, I've always viewed text messages like emails in that there's no expectation of immediate response, I simply expect a response when the person can or wants to. If something is important, I'll call you. There's a million reasons why someone can't or won't respond to a text right away and, at least with me, only 5% of the time is it because I don't want to talk to you right now. Why doesn't text messaging have the ability to set your status as "Busy" so people know not to expect a response for a while?
0	Pink flair and BC awareness is perfectly justified for several reasons I believe but here's the one with the most weight:   Self checks.   Someone can check themselves for the first signs of breast cancer easily and quickly. It's much harder to haphazardly self check for other forms of cancer which are mostly well hidden or just plain hard to identify such as skin cancers.   A common argument I've heard is that prostate cancer is significantly more prevalent and deserves just as much attention. True it is more prevalent, but it's not like a lot of men will give themselves prostate exams so the awareness isn't as helpful. An exam is almost always suggested by a physician in a regular checkup, whereas a breast lump would be the purpose of visiting a physician.
1	I disagree with the idea of a draft that Kelby is talking about.  But let's talk.   Brand Security (GOOD): Being able to secure a spot for longer than 4 months at a time is great for marketing, funding and otherwise monetizing the team and allowing it to grow. The can make ESports a Career instead of a short term prospect.  This is probably the BEST reason to have a draft and no longer have relegations. The backside to this is that teams that 'own' spots could potentially become either complacent and no longer try as hard to improve, weakening the scene, or pander to popularity over skill with the same effect.  I'm not saying it will happen, but if you open the door someone will walk through it.   Weakening of the Challenger Scene (BAD): Weakening the Challenger Scene would happen in two ways.  Primarily, the top teams are now gone and into the LCS.  This is fine.  In fact, that's the only way LCS Should expand.  The part that truly KILLS the challenger scene is that if there is a draft then the players are no longer playing just to top the Challenger scene, because that gets them far less than getting drafted does.   They are now playing also and perhap moreso to SHOW OFF THEIR SKILLS in hopes to being drafted.  Never should there be an incentive to compromise teamplay over individual play.   This doesn't mean that Kelby's idea is bad or even unusable.  There are other ways to structure it that could help.  One: The draft could be eligible for the top Challenger teams. This would mean you cannot be drafted into the pros unless you place high enough in Challenger.  Of course, this then limits the growth and ability to perform drastic changes in the pro scene due to limitations on draft.  Also, it kills the ability for new players to break into the pro scene if their position is saturated with talent.   If no one wants to replace their midlaner, then even if this new guy could carry his team to the LCS, he no longer has that avenue and the scene stagnates.   Perhaps a combination would be preferable:  10 Teams in the LCS, the bottom 2 can be relegated.  Drafting happens after relegation matches allowing for former pros and Challenger Players to be picked up.  This way you have more stability for teams, players, and you keep the incentive for new challenger teams to CLOUD 9 it all the way to Worlds.
0	This post and ensuing comments are the only time I've wanted to stop using reddit because I think the user base might be overly sensitive, first world problem suffering idiots. Up until this point I thought it was just cute.
1	Well seeing as the infraction happened between 2  AMERICAN  teams and riot games is located in  NORTH AMERICA  your suggestion wouldn't happen. In the NFL, NBA, MLB, and NHL no team can offer a contract or position on their team while they're under contract with another. That's what free agency is for. Hell, if Dignitas had made worlds this year and your suggestion was in effect, who couldn't say that he's not distracted by a team offering him a contract for next season while he's trying to prepare his team for a major tournament?
0	I attempted to take it. I left almost 1/2 the answers blank. Most of the kids in the class did as she said. One girl who was close to the family simply sat there, never picking up her pencil, and just gave my teacher the stink eye for the entire period.
0	My family and I came to the United States from Nairobi, Kenya when I was 8-9 years old. A family friend decided took me us to a local swimming pool one day and I remember being so fucking excited! (We lived in the city and the only time I've been seen a large body of water other than my bathtub was a beach when I was 3 and the one water park I knew of that my parents drove by and I would pester them to take us.)   I remember walking in and just staring at all the kids and the huge pool in front of me, and of course a glorious looking slide. It wasn't a huge slide or anything, but when your small everything looks huge.   I was so excited I climbed up the few steps to  the slide and slide right down without a second thought. I imagined everyone is born knowing how to swim or that we all just float.   Next thing I know I'm being pulled out of he water by a pretty white girl whom after realizing I was awake and okay and my mom was there she walked away. I don't know if she was a lifeguard or not but I was very thankful.   To all you lifesavers out there! I appreciate ya!
0	goldmine for a woman"   That's not a generalization.   A generalization is a statement such as   "women do x"   The statement you quoted only raises the possiblity, it does not imply that even a majority women would use a man as her personal goldmine.   I have the feeling what you want to say is   "women are totally benevolent, and peaceful creatures who never do wrong", but you know that no one would give your line of bullshit a second thought if you were so blatant about it.   So you dress it up in mental gymnastics.   Guess what hon.   Some women are assholes and abuse men   Get over it.   I'm sure if men can take being commonly lambasted as  the  pedophiles, and  the  rapists of society, you can deal with the fact that not all women are perfect.
1	Me and a buddy tried Duo mid lane before. Our main downfall was that we didn't get a premade for it, since anything that isn't what the pros do is a horrible idea, we got a lot of shit for it from our team who tried to play it like any normal game.   I believe I was Caitlyn and he was Ryze. We grabbed the first kill mid, and I spent most of the game ganking top and bot when they pushed too far. Our jungle did absolutely nothing, why did we even have a jungle in this set up, I will never know but he insisted upon it.   We lost because our Gangplank  jungle  lost the jungle. I don't remember their jungler but he was fed, and warded everywhere, he had complete control of the river and even our jungle. He shut down ever attempt we made to leave mid and gank.   All we could do was sit there and watch as our top and bottom lanes got pushed back, and our jungle repeatedly died. Only option to help any of the lanes was to run back to base and run up the lane, which took far too much time to be effective.
0	Uhm. Seriously? A generation of young men eradicated, countless civilian deaths and rapings, cities bombed to the ground, the country being split in four, and a HUGE historical shame that has become a part of German identity, I am having trouble seeing the victory here. Germany (Hitler) went to war to create a third German Empire, the Third Reich. "Their land" was not theirs until 1989 when DDR and BRD were reunited. There was no winning the war for Germany at all.  Today Germany is a powerful country in terms of politics and military, I agree, but that has nothing to do with the war. Shortly after WWII what was later to be the EU was founded, a trading deal between France and Germany, and later Britain. I think the European teamwork (lacking a better word in English, sorry) has way more to say in the matter of Germany being brought back to power.
0	It's not about money, at least not directly. It's about wanting to do things together. I don't mind paying for it. Also, surprises and trips don't have to be expensive. And we're nearly 30, should be able to afford something by now, the time of living on ramen and grilled cheese has been over for a while.   I typed out a whole response to someone saying that I seemed to want all kinds of expensive things because I was a woman and that it was sexist or something, but apparently that initial comment got deleted, together with my reply. Or I'm just too stupid to find it :)   So to clarify: I am the only one making any money in this household. I have been providing for us for the last 5-6 years, to the point of getting him a job (by hiring him) just so he would have one. He now does some work, but still not a lot, and he sleeps in, plays games and goes out to drink with friends nearly every day, while I'm working around 80 hours a week, spending all this time behind me computer.   Now, I don't mind the sleeping in and the games and the drinking, I'm happy he has friends and has time to have fun. But it's not really fair to me, I'm pretty much carrying the full responsibility for our lives here. If anything happens to me (I'm self-employed), we're both out of a job, and that's a lot of responsibility to have.   So what I want from him after spending 80 hours a week behind me computer, is to get out, do something together, and just relax. I can't relax just staying at home, because then I still have the cooking and cleaning and bills and everything waiting for me. So I like to go out, or on vacation. That way I can tell my clients that I definitely won't be in, because if I stay at home, I'll still feel obliged to take the job, because "I'm not really doing anything, I can relax later".   I've offered to pay for the trips/dinners pretty much every single time, but he'll only ever join if we're going somewhere he has friends, so he can go out with them, he doesn't want to do anything with just me.   Partially understandable, because we're both home all of the time so we see plenty of each other, but that's exactly the reason I want to get out more, to do other stuff together, so I don't just associate him with work and chores and stress (because that's most of my time at home). And I would like to go out to other places than the same old bar every single time, because we've long outgrown it, but he still keeps going back there all the time and pretty much refuses to go anywhere else.   And then it partially is about money, because all of the money is coming from me, and it's starting to feel like he's actually costing me money. Because he is... By me having to pay his salary, and him losing out on a bunch of tax benefits because he doesn't make enough to have to pay any real taxes. And then by me buying nearly all the food and paying a lot of the bills.   I don't mind sharing, if we both had full-time jobs, working hard, and he made less money than me, that'd be fine, I'd just pay a bit more. But now I'm working pretty much 24/7 *and* paying for everything, and that seems like a bit of a shitty deal. Especially if he then spends any money he gets on cigarettes and drinks or presents for himself and doesn't even get me a birthday present.   He asked me what I wanted a few times, because he had thought of something to buy me, and I said: I'd rather just go someplace or go out to dinner or something (which would cost about the same), and the response I got was: Yes, but then I have to go too... That's so much trouble.   He does buy me flowers every now and then (mostly when I've been away for a while), so it's not necessarily that he isn't thoughtful, he just doesn't want to put any real effort in.   Edit: Wall of text,
1	I do enjoy having both limited and legacy skins, but for different reasons and for different circumstances.   Limited  is, as everyone knows, great in the idea of exclusivity you get when you own a skin like it during a certain point of time (ex. S2 WCS, Closed Beta, Vancouver 2010, etc.) because it signifies the significance of that skins' connection to that era in League of Legends history, however small the era may be. OP already said this, but S3 won't happen again and having a skin that comes back to signify S3 years later speaks inconsistency and disappointment that the skin's connection with that moment.   Legacy  is great in the fact that sometimes people aren't playing until after the skin is gone, or actually just can't get the skin at that time. I have spent a good amount of money on Riot's game and I will continue to do so, but sometimes I just can't dedicate $10-20 every time an awesome skin or bundle of skins come around. The winter skins this past year are a good example for me personally, because I couldn't get BS Veigar or Slay Belle Kat then. You may agree or disagree about how good those skins are, but the point is I wasn't in a good position to just convert more money into RP and buy them. This is where I also think holiday skins as a collective whole need to become, simply because Halloween 2011 isn't much different from Halloween 2012 aside from being a different year. The FIFA World Cup 2010, on the other hand, is a big deal and it should be recognized as extra-special because of it.   I hate to jump on bandwagons, but there needs to be explicit established procedures for how they're doing skins, particularly on both present/future skins and past skins. It's not wrong to assume that S3 Champ Thresh would have been limited, because S2 Riven was and it makes logical sense. It's also not wrong to want it to be limited because of its connection with this past year in LoL. But then again, it's also not fair to switch over the policy of having holiday skins become legacy when there are still skins that are holiday-themed and limited, because that inconsistency is what frustrates people.   This is all just my view on this, but I'm more comfortable with having certain guidelines on different types of special skins with  consistency  on being limited/legacy, as opposed to some being one way and some being another.
0	I could actually quantify this if I had some free time! I have two jobs, data analyst by day and delivery guy by night. Yeah I know, worst superhero ever. But I've worked at the former a few years longer than I have at the latter, so data is in my blood now. Since day 1 as a driver I've kept a nightly record of how many hours I worked, how many miles I drove, how many deliveries I took, and how much I got in tips/delivery fees. I've been logging it on my phone and then inputting it to Excel every now and then, but it has been a few months since I've updated the spreadsheet. It probably wouldn't be too much work to find a weather history for this area and add it as one of my data points so I can see what kind of differences there are when it's sunny/raining/snowing. I do think weather has an influence, but it's not as significant as other factors such as weekday vs weekend, if there is a game on, etc.
1	It says 21,45%, which is more than 21% chances of winning. His
0	There seems to be some conceptual confusion here; people often talk about nipples when they actually mean areolae. The nipple is just the protrusion, and vary little, while the areola is the pigmented area around the nipple, which can vary enormously in size (fun fact: the little bumps on the areola are called Glands of Montgomery, after the doctor who first named them.)   Men are conditioned to be attracted to (post-pubescent) youth in potential mates, because this maximises potential offspring. For this reason, men tend to prefer smaller areolae, since these grow larger with age/pregnancies.   Fortunately, human beings are complex creatures, and aesthetic preferences vary enormously between individuals. No matter the size of your areola, you will always be able to find someone who likes them. Even better, you may find someone able to look past your areola size, and consider also your face, your general body shape or - who knows - even your personality!
1	I'm only gold so I don't know how it works plat+) but I play a lot of blitzcrank support and I've been having a lot of success with him.  My tip is: You need to adapt to the playstyle of your adc. You can usually tell if he wants to get firstblood (often Lucian) or just farm for a while (often Vayne). If your adc is trying to go aggressive at early levels and you're hiding waaaayy back that makes it hard for him and can be very frustrating. If your adc doesn't follow up on your engages try to avoid them unless your jungler ganks since it will probably end up with you getting killed.  Personally, when my adc is playing poorly (not reacting) I often go full AP. That way when I land some spells on their adc all my team needs to do is get the last hit; if they don't that kill is mine.  Also: Don't try to 'force' engages. Try to wait for an opportunity, like when their carry is badly positioned. If the enemy is playing extremely defensive your adc should have no prolem farming so it won't be that annoying either.
1	Your points regarding maximum efficiency/fatigue aren't necessarily that important because a lot of people (myself included) wouldn't consider one's 'true skill' to be their peak, but instead what they do consistently.  LoL in this regards is like a marathon.  The better person isn't the one that can sprint fastest, but the one that maintains the best average speed.  Although from a psychological perspective it definitely has something to say, in that the within-player variance and a self-aggrandizing tendency would mean that people see themselves as their peaks more so than they would others; which contributes to the perception that one is in an 'Elo-hell' and far more skilled than their peers (when they are in fact just as horrible).   Moreover the point about snowballing isn't necessarily that pertinent.  If after a bad session you can 'reset' yourself, then you should be able to 'snowball' yourself back up to a higher bracket during your next session, simply because the players will be much more easier to snow ball off of.  If you  cannot  reset, then you are now a worse player and your past skill is irrelevant (at least regarding current ability, but - as per my previous paragraph - it would still be relevant for perceived skill).  This is something very different from 'being stuck in Elo-hell' which is a supposed situation where a player is stuck with low skilled players despite their  current  skill being far better.   As for your mathematical argument.  I think you've misinterpreted the OP's argument here.  Elo-Hell is more than an idea of a bracket with low skill players (and no one is trying to disagree with that).  When the OP says "There is no Elo-Hell" what he's trying to say is that the concept of being stuck in a bracket because of OTHER players is false.   Your calculations say nothing to support nor disprove this point.  Your calculations show how the Elo system work, whereas the OPs post (if you actually read the link) is about player influence probabilities.  If you  are  trying to argue against that contention of his base on Pascal's triangle alone, then I think you need to seriously look over your calculations, because your current formula doesn't factor in the very probabilites which the OP was talking about, or even the fact that in the second game you should  theoretically  (because of Elo-matching) be playing against people that had the same win/loss outcome in the first game as yourself, so the compounding effects are irrelevant.   You've taken and argued against a very literal interpretation of the OP's post; one that he, and almost no one, is trying to make.
1	I don't have a way to reference the client right now but I feel safe guessing it's because then you wouldn't need to buy RP and everybody would have a bunch of champs for free.
0	I once volunteered to help my (now wife's) elderly coworker hook up his computer to his tv. I had ordered the cable online and sent it to him, but he couldn't figure it out. So while she did something else I went over to meet him for first time and take care of it. Sweetest old man in the "shuffling slippers" era of oldmandom. Couldn't figure out how to turn his tv to the correct input so I started testing the others. For some reason, possibly payback for my youth as an unsufferable dick, when I finally got the dvd player input figured out it began autoplaying: a closeup of the moment right before penetration as the guy is "teasing" by rubbing filled the screen. I couldn't hit 'power' fast enough. Tried to play it off as "ok, so that's the dvd player, so how about this other one". Made so much more sense when I turned his computer on to find 20 toolbars all from shady sites.   I debated telling my wife and forever ruining her image of this man, but someone had to know what I had just been thru.
1	This is badly translated, just incase anyone complains. Important Notice Time of published statement: 2014, 13th of March 17:50(GMT+8) Our company would like to clear somethings up, we feel very sorry for ex-ahq Korea's player Promise, here are some of our announcements.     In early 2013, ahq esports decided to create a team in the Korean LoL Scene.     Noh (Skype ID: Captain Korea). Was the manager of the team, that time he contacted us to lead the team to OGN Spring. Before officially creating the team, we wanted to had our brand ahq inside the team. This team is managed by Noh and from Noh's request we had given out gaming gear along with gaming house. We hoped ahq korea would have good results.     Ex-ahq Korea player Promise contacted us in semi-finals of the tournament, Promise stated that Noh said recently ahq esports had stop sponsoring their team. Resulting in that the team would be kicked out of the gaming house and will not be allowed to bring their gaming peripherals out of the house. We tried to contact Noh, but we couldn't contact him, Promise also stated that Noh wanted the team to be match-fixed. The players were scared and furious about it, since we didn't know about it, we hoped that the team and Promise could do their best in the competition. Our company has stopped working with Noh.     ahq Korea was officially disbanded in OGN spring and has stopped working with us.       Our company is very sorry with the incident that had happened with Promise, we hope that Promise can make a quick recovery. Also for any of the teens "Suiciding is not the solution, it'll just hurt your family and friends." Please look after your precious life.   After that it's just the non-suicidal telephone number and other things similar.
1	When you don't reach this amount of placed wards in a game of a normal length, it says more about you than about the item.   I liked that part :) Otherwise yeah, I get your point. Otherwise you may wanna add a
1	I personally find normals to be very serious. at my normal Elo at least. I dislike playing ranked because of the toxicity and i sorta only do when its the end of the season to get the seasonal rewards, but my normal Elo is high gold/low plat in normals, I honestly rarely meet anyone toxic, which some of you might consider surprising since everyone is always complaining about how toxic this community is.
0	I don't normally say
1	There will be another team like White... Another team like SKT, though? That would be hard to pull off.  Please keep in mind I'm talking purely about statistical win/loss and the length of their undefeated run. While a case can be made about which team was stronger in their prime, SSW wasn't even close to SKT's long lasting dominance both abroad and domestically.   Keep in mind that SSW didn't happen overnight. It was a result of KR's coaching and infrastructure, both of which still exist. We won't see another dominate team filled with veterans each able to carry anytime soon, but after a year or so of development, it will happen eventually. Big offers from China won't come until they've proven themselves; it's a large reason why many like myself believe KR's rise is inevitable. KR teams have also seen the damage that can be done if you allow yourself to be poached; like they have done with Faker, they will be more willing to put together solid packages to keep the talent domestically.
0	My turn for a story!   I used to work in retail at a store called Harvey Norman, in Australia. One day i was working in the "tech bay" where customers come for repairs, returns etc. This one guy bought a phone in (home phone) and tried to tell me the screen was cracked when he opened the box.   The phone was clearly dropped, and and you could tell by A) the cracked screen, and B)the bloody side of it was scraped like someone had skid'd it across the road.   I go through the process anyway, look at the recipt etc. The phone was purchased 2 years ago! I tried to tell him it was clearly dropped or even thrown but he'd have none of it. He INSISTED that his WHOLE house was covered in carpet and there was no way if it dropped that it would break like this. I told him again, we won't replace it for him, and explained why.   After giving him the phone back, he lobbed it straight at my chest and ran out after the guard started running to wards him.
1	I mainly play singed and he really isn't that good as a main tank. Yes, he is a tanky character but if he gets focused in a team fight her will die way too fast. His poison stops if he dies too. I find that he does best at the beginning and at the end of fights. In the beginning he can get a slow and/or fling off to isolate someone who can get raped. At the end of a fight he can slow runners and fling them back. Especially if you build him with speed in mind so that you are a bit faster than 4/5 people normally and can catch and fling them and can be faster than nearly everyone with his ult. If you lose the fight he can either slow them enough to save all the rest or if he really needs to he can sacrafice himself and hold them up even longer. I find nearly everyone stops to kill me as singed if I stay back which can save 2 or 3 low team mates instead of losing all of them while only I make it away.
1	Although I think i may see your point, i think it may be unnecessary. I myself was at 900 elo at the beginning of this summer (I believe my lowest point was 893 if i can recall correctly). However, I was so in love with LoL and so passionate about that game I swore i would climb out of elo hel even be 1400 elo by the end of summer. At the moment I'm at 1300 elo with my highest being 1330. Having that goal and making it to bronze (I know nothing impressive) was enough for me because i knew I'd be one of the not so many to actually have a ranked elo while so many remain unranked
0	Worked for a place for 7 years where I had a new boss every 8 months or so, had sales quotas but made no commission, and was micromanaged by 3 levels of management. The scene in Office Space talking about the TPS report cover sheets? Yeah, I'd get the same memo 3 times from 3 bosses. It sucked, but it paid alright, had decent benefits, and when I wasnt in the office, it was kinda fun.   Thru this job, I met my current employer. Total dream job type company. Turns out they were hiring. They invited me to lunch, and that was my interview. Got a call the next day, talked about the gig, worked out the details, boom new job. Hung up the phone and wrote my 2 weeks email, sent it to the bosses, hr, and bcc'ed my personal email.   All of the sudden, the dude who was always "real close to being terminated" was the MVP, was asked to reconsider, etc... They basically shit on me the whole time I worked there, yet lost their shit when I was one foot out the door. Then they offered me more money. Like a significant raise. I told the CEO "it's not about money." Then I was insulted, because if I'm leaving and suddenly I'm worth a bunch of money, where was that money while I was busting my ass? Dont know what you got till its gone sorta thing? So I worked my last 2 weeks (I'm a man of my word), they had me training my replacement. That dude bailed about a month after I did.   I've been at m current gig for 5 years now, never been happier! Total dream job.
1	It's because we have, like no people compared to NA or EU, even dominion is disabled. Ranked gets disabled at those times because barely anyone is on then, normal draft pick is disabled because too many game modes = everyone split between queues = Super long queue time.
1	I guess I'm the only one that dislike this idea.   Main reason being that "veterans" got lucky and got ahead of the curb before IP gains were cut and champion prices increased. You know how difficult it is to get to the point of encountering this excess IP "issue"? It's extremely difficult nowadays.   I have been playing since Season 1 and it was so easy to attain IP with all the IP weekends, free IP quint events, and sub-6300 champion releases. If anything, we need to make it possible to speed up the rate people get content and still make an IP sink past the necessary content.
0	Go skydiving or something.  Perhaps you have all the creds in the right place but nothing to make you stand out from a similar candidate who paints, plays piano, or something memorable.  Have something unique in your portfolio that shows you are a normal person or did something others would envy you for: "Wow you tried to break the world record for standing on your head....interesting tell me more about that."  Then you become talk of the town "I had a guy today try to break the world record for standing on his head.  He didn't get even close but the balls on this guy...I like him...he's like just a normal guy."  "Does he have a good portfolio".  "Yeah he's a'ight".  "Great lets offer him a position."
1	Discounting the bugs right now here are some good suggestions when playing an ap carry mid against a karthas.   Karthas has a lot of range with his Q but his autoattacks suck. He's going to be using mana constantly to get his farm up. Try to keep yourself away from your mininos because if your hanging around them he is going to try and just get you with a free Q while also hitting the minions he wants to farm.   Boots and 3 health pots will help you dodge in and out to farm up on minions or get a nice harass on him. Farming should always take priority against harassing a champ. 15 minions last hit is equal to one champ kill. An aggressive karthas is using a lot of mana and won't be able to keep up if your priority is dodging his harass and getting those last hits.   You'll be able to build mercs faster from some good magic resist you might need anyways, and come back with higher ap items that allow you to outpace him later. The better you farm early, the quicker you can outpace and win your lane and keep your lead.   Also make sure you don't push towards his tower too hard and get baited into a wall slow and aoe and a Q nuke while you run back to your tower and get killed. Watch his mana and know he will take an opportunity to punish you if your in a vulnerable position.   Good ap carries against karth are:   Orianna: superiour range and faster burst.   Annie: stun and a free Q on minions for farming, plus huge tibbers nuke.   Brand: higher nukes and aoe damage.   Also if your having trouble with getting hit a lot, make farming your priority and build some magic resist to help you. A negatron cloak or the cheeper 400g magic resist early can complety shut down harass from karth as long as your not taking damage carelessly.
1	We both had the same dream ... To become legends in music."Ahri and Akane loved music above everything else, sisters in birth and twins in voices. How to become big was the note they couldn't tune, until one day after a show a big producer approached Ahri and told her: "Tomorrow morning I want both of you in my office, we are going big! "   Ahri was amazed , the dream could finally become real. She turned around to tell akane but akane was not there. Looking through the bar she finally found akane but she wasn't alone   akane was next to a weird figure. A girl with big red hair, she was moving her lips but no voice came out, but somehow akane was answering her.   After a while they both went home and Akane was really quiet.   "Akane we made it ! We finally were found by some one who can Help us!"   With no answer comming out of her lips Ahri looked in to Akane's eyes.Empty as a clear blue sky, no reaction.   Next day Ahri woke up for the meeting but she couldn't find Akane,hoping she went for the reunion earlier she left .   With a signed contract all that was missing was Akane. Everywhere she looked there was simply no trace of her.   As time went   "We both had the same dream...To become legends in music."   Ahri and Akane loved music above everything else,sisters in birth and twins in voices.   How to become big was the note they couldn't tune, until one day after a show a big producer aproached Ahri and told her: " Tommorrow morning I want both of you in my office, we are going big! "   Ahri was amazed , the dream could finally become real. She turned around to tell akane but akane was not there. Looking through the bar she finally found akane but she wasn't alone   akane was next to a weird figure. A girl with big red hair, she was moving her lips but no voice came out, but somehow akane was answering her.   After a while they both went home and Akane was really quiet.   "Akane we made it ! We finally were found by some one who can Help us!"   With no answer comming out of her lips Ahri looked in to Akane's eyes.Empty as a clear blue sky, no reaction.   Next day Ahri woke up for the meeting but she couldn't find Akane,hoping she went for the reunion earlier she left .   With a signed contract all that was missing was Akane. Everywhere she looked there was simply no trace of her. as time went   "We both had the same dream...To become legends in music."   Ahri and Akane loved music above everything else,sisters in birth and twins in voices.   How to become big was the note they couldn't tune, until one day after a show a big producer aproached Ahri and told her: " Tommorrow morning I want both of you in my office, we are going big! "   Ahri was amazed , the dream could finally become real. She turned around to tell akane but akane was not there. Looking through the bar she finally found akane but she wasn't alone   akane was next to a weird figure. A girl with big red hair, she was moving her lips but no voice came out, but somehow akane was answering her.   After a while they both went home and Akane was really quiet.   "Akane we made it ! We finally were found by some one who can Help us!"   With no answer comming out of her lips Ahri looked in to Akane's eyes.Empty as a clear blue sky, no reaction.   Next day Ahri woke up for the meeting but she couldn't find Akane,hoping she went for the reunion earlier she left .   With a signed contract all that was missing was Akane. Everywhere she looked there was simply no trace of her. As time went by Ahri's career grew bigger and so did her pain of a lost sister, but everywhere she went and everything she did would lead her to a dead end .   After a big Gig Ahri noticed a poster of a famous band " Pentakil" and she recognized one of them, Sona . Her mind took a journey to the last night she was with Akane, the misterious lady who couldnt speak. She knew right there she would know something about it ,Ahri started running.   "How could I forgot this ? why didn't I remenber ?! " and her eyes caught a TV where Pentakill was giving an interview.   "Tomorrow we depart to the league of legends where our metal will reape the souls of our enemys" (Mordekaiser)   "And what a beautifull Requiem it will be ! " all band started laughing after that expect Sona.   Next day as Pentakill was preparing themselfs to enter the league they face themselfs against the popstar ahri.   "SONA!!! WHERE IS MY SISTER?!"   With a big smile she looked straight into Ahris eyes and moved her lips a light appeared on sona's Harp, and with that light a gentle voice was eard.   "Right here little star" , but her voice was familiar, her voice was the voice of Akane.   Ahri's eyes grew bigger and she went completely white and without a moment to spare Mordkaiser  went from behind and smashed his guitar on Ahri, as she flew with the force of the impact she hit sona harp and it fell on the floor smashing a crystal and with it several screams were eard .   Sona opened her mouth as someone who is screaming but no sound came out. "Calm down sona , I'll fix it ! And you will find plenty of voices in the League."   The group entered the giant gates of League leaving Ahri on the floor.   For an hour Ahri stood there looking at the floor bleeding, but that pain was completely forgoten as the voice of Akane still ringed in her mind. As she stood a gentle wind passed by her and a voice was heard. "Ahri , thanks for freeing me.My name is Riakun and I was trapped inside that harp." Ahri was scared as she looked in to the air and saw something as a gentle tornado standing still. "What are you?" "I was a mystical beast killed by Olaf for pleasure, and my soul trapped in that crystal by Karthus so sona could use me to make music.Ahri your sister is trapped in there alongside other souls, allow me to give you my powers until you can release them.Use me to set them free, allow me one last battle and the chance to get revenge!"   Ahri stood still and gently nod her head allowing Riakun to enter her body, as the wind sorrounded her something grew from her back. 9 tails appeared from that and she felt power erupting from that. With her mind set she looked in to the gates of League.   "Until Akane is released this is my new stage"   Edit:
0	I got offered a job at a great company, but I hadn't notified my boss yet because we were wrapping up some lose ends in the background check. My boss had just gotten a promotion and asked us to interview candidates for her replacement.   First Candidate walks in, hands us his resume. He was formerly the senior manager over the department that I would be working in at my new company...   Interview went well, but he ended up elsewhere. After the interview I volunteered to walk him to the door, and basically straight up told him that I was headed to work for his former company. He gave me some advice regarding why he left and reassured me that it was a great company, he just had some run ins with the plant manager.   Now I'm at the new company and it's weird to see his name as the approver on most of our training documents.
1	I'm the same way and I'm only level 18! I started out as the "Oh whatever, let's have some fun" and quickly learned the LoL "community" is VERY harsh on new players. Since then I have become what I hated. I rage out when someone on my team is doing horridly and am basically a dick. Now, this all changed the other day when I joined up with some friends for a few 5v5s. We constantly, and I mean CONSTANTLY fucked up without meaning to. I tower dived about 4 times in the first 20 minutes. We were all in the same room and laughing our asses off. Since then, if Tryndamere decides he wants to mid in a 5v5, I let him take his lickings before heading my dead Karthus ass over there and taking over.
1	Whats happening here, is that you are opening up the client while still having a game open.  From there you can still have the previous end game screen up viewing defeat/victory AND be looking at post game stats.  from there with the victory/defeat screen open you join another game and BAM the error youre blaming riot for, is actually ur own fault!
1	It's really tough. Even if he gets ganked and shut down, zoned from farm, and get's lane pushed, he will always find a way to farm. Last week I played Garen against him. Constantly harassed him, zoned him, jungler ganked two times, both resulting in kills. I killed him two other times. He only had about 70 stacks by 10 minutes (which is completely shit), and was 0-4. Sounds like a feeding noob, right? Well after I pushed down his outer turret, I started grouping up at mid, where small skirmishes were happening. Meanwhile, Nasus farmed, and farmed, and farmed. I wanted to go and harass him again, keep him away from minions, but at this point he has the lane frozen just next to his tower, constantly getting lane minions and golems. If I would have gone to stop him, his team would have come killed me. If I would have gotten my team to come kill him, he could have easily escaped (wither plus ghost plus right next to inner turret-nobody can touch him). Also, his team would come to help him too, essentially forcing a fight under their towers or in their jungle, with a heavy vision disadvantage. It's essentially a lose-lose situation, only thing you can do is push down mid lane, taking advantage of the 4v5. But eventually, he's gonna have enough stacks to come and start wrecking shit. And he did. He made it very difficult in team fights, as he can single the ADC out with Wither and stay alive long enough with his ult to get to them and basically one shot them. You might say "just kite him and kill him before he can get there". But a 95 percent slow isn't going to allow the ADC to kite him, and while my team is killing him, the rest of his team is doing work too.  We ended up winning that game because each lane had pretty much won, and we could always manage to kill the rest of Nasus's team and then focus him. He still ended up going about 13-5, even after getting shut down early.   So,
1	I've had this idea before, and I've seen videos of things like 'smitecrank' in bot where you can smite a minion thats blocking your hook. This was particularly useful for taking 1:40 golems and such. If you take the smite upgrade and summoner cooldown masteries this spell will make you 10g every 54 seconds (1.85 gp10) plus anything you kill with the smite. You can use smite to pick up any minions that the ADC will miss i.e. ones which are about to be killed by a turret but too much hp for an aa or when there are 2 last hits but the adc has to pick one or when the ADC trades. Taking smite can make skipping philo more viable for early strength or a faster sight stone. It's completely viable however having exhaust on supports such as leona who will be jumping on people is probably more beneficial to your team.
0	Here is an article posted on CNN last month.  They quote Reddit users and use no experts to give the anonymous quotes credibility.  I understand most of the myths debunked were obvious and mainstream knowledge but they basically just copy and pasted it from Reddit.   original Ask Reddit link:   CNN article:
0	Not that I wanted to know this, but one night a good friend of mine told me his "secret" that he flicks/taps his taint every time after peeing and never has the dreaded drip. For a good few weeks I kept being afraid to touch his taint hands. But I now I kind of want to inform all men of this.  Ill never forget the image of my ex walking back into the bedroom naked and then watching a drop of pee ninja out of his penis down onto the carpet in frozen time that was so slowed down all I could do was watch in horror. Never want again.
1	Some games are just uncarriable, whenever I play solo queue at around 1500 I just play my own game, I dont really care for what the rest of my teammates do and usually it's enough to win the game.
0	Our line cooks generally leave before our cashiers sooooo?  Then again I guess we're the only place that's both retail and restaurant.
0	I was raised around conservative Christians, in a very wonderful church, and only once or twice in my life have I ACTUALLY encountered someone like this. Both times on the internet. I mean, there was definitely a bias against non Christians (my mom always acted a little uncomfortable when I'd bring my friends who weren't "churched" around and they'd swear and talk about how much they drink, etc.), I never witnessed someone actually dislike another person based purely on the fact that the other person wasn't a Christian. I think it's more a problem connecting to non Christians.
0	I have always been told that I am a natural teacher, so perhaps my example is not the norm. However, within the first two weeks several of my students have told me I'm their "favorite teacher," and some have even made me pictures that I proudly hang around my desk. I have them do quick writes every day and when I grade their notebooks, I comment on each one specifically. Their love of my attention made the extra 5 hours of work over the weekend worth it. Many of their free writes (they get to choose their own topics) is directed toward what they like about my class and how they like me as a teacher because I'm funny (I do a lot of moving around). Many of them tell me how they hate quick writes and how I should stop making them do them. These I answer with my reasoning to why they need to learn to think on the page and how most jobs that pay well will require this talent, to which I get more writing out of them to explain how else they might learn these abilities.   Some of my students are just there to act out, push their limits as far as they can, or try and get out of work. I'm not a huge fan of strict rules, and the school I work for is. I have to walk them to and from lunch in Junior High... () It's hard to know what to do with these kids because you're really just looking out for their best interests and they see you as the boss in their video game that needs to be conquered. They will say anything to upset you. They are huge trolls. If you can't laugh at, shrug off, or ignore trolls,  do not teach junior high.  They are all a bunch of trolls.   But I digress. I come home exhausted; I always feel like I'm behind on something; I feel like I'm missing half the stuff I'm supposed to be doing; I wonder all the time if I should try to help that kid I know was taken away from her parents and now she's acting out in my class, and maybe I can help her, but she probably wont respond to me because she already sees me as the enemy so what the hell should I do? Frustration is the name of this job so far. I constantly have the "what else could I do other than teach" conversation with my husband, and I've only been a teacher for a total of 3 weeks. But I will tell you that when I am in the classroom, and the kids (or at least most of them) are involved and interacting with me,  it is the funnest thing I've ever done.  Sure I've pulled "mean teacher" on the class once or twice, but usually the majority of them straighten up, and we can have fun again. I put in 200%, run myself ragged, and come home completely exhausted every night only to work more from home, and the kids only give back 50%, if that. They don't care enough to spend their time on it; they don't get it and so they wont go that extra little bit to try and figure it out themselves; they want to be hand-held through every assignment; they don't listen the first 5 times you repeat directions, so you have to repeat a 6th time to each one individually and they still wont do it. Sometimes the kid is trying really hard and they just aren't getting it and now I have to think up some way to get through to this one kid, which adds another 2-3 hours of work to my weekend. However, when that one kid gets it, or they tell you how they notice that you really work hard to help them (more so than Ms. So-in-so who doesn't care if they fail), it makes everything seem worth it. It doesn't change the fact that I still have 20 other kids who might not have gotten it, another 5 who are straight out in rebellion, and 10 over achievers who feel neglected because they don't need my attention as much as the stragglers but they  deserve  it just as much. It doesn't change the fact that I have 20 notebooks to grade this weekend, a ton of grades to upload into my gradebook (it's progress report time), a 45 minute formal observation with a planning meeting and feedback meeting with my principal on Monday that I have to prepare for, and I need to make sure my lesson plans are all up to date online. Am I happy with my choice? Yeah. It's hard work, but it's definitely worth it when you see how much of an impact on their lives you actually have.
1	School holidays man. Killer.   Can't wait for all the youngens to be back in school. I usually play during the day (shift worker). The games I usually get tend to be pretty casual/relaxed most of the time.   However, as soon as the school holidays kick in, my games during the day time turn into toxic shitfests. EVERY time. It is so frustrating. I just want to chill and play a game after a nightshift. It is something I notice EVERY school holidays   And it is the same here. The content turns to shit and becomes really circlejerky.   Maybe I am acting like a self righteous prick, but I just miss my casual league games (I play normals most of the time).
0	Yeah, but in America where we're all greedy pigs, everyone will round up. We'll go halfway, say an  object comes out to $5.47. The company then rounds the price up to $5.50. That's three extra cents they earned strictly because there is no penny. Not a big deal. Say, every single american makes the same purchase. That's about nine million dollars extra that whatever company we all bought this product at just made. And that's in one day. What about a year? It becomes roughly 3.3 Billion extra dollars. As my economist father always says, "It's not the big purchases that make you go broke. It's the pennies, nickels, and dimes."
1	I agree that this post is retarded, but your philosophy is wrong and pretty stupid. It's front page worthy if people upvote it. Simple as that. Reddit is designed to show what the majority of people want to see. and if this is that..it's front page worthy.
1	Her Q is spammy, but has unreliable targeting that makes it almost useless if you're ganking a lane early game and someone is among their minions, wasting mana while also not contributing to DPS. Her E is huge burst and defensive shreds, yeah, but it's got a cooldown that keeps it from being useful more than once in a typical trade. She has very bad base stats to compensate for the fact she can become invisible at will, but aside from the movespeed boost on her ult, she has no other innate gap closer. Doing well with Eve requires that you take advantage of low health enemies that are being a little too brave, but if they invest in an Oracles elixir or sight wards, they can see you coming and you lose what only advantage you had. Back when she still had her stun when attacking from stealth, that brief window you got was a very minor additional advantage that helped her get kills or assists easier, but that was removed.   Contributing to this, she benefits most from building AP despite being a melee ranged champion, so she's got to go toe-to-toe with whoever she's facing while having very low survivability. Building straight AP (and not getting fed enough to get, say, RoA, Lichbane and Deathcap) gives you some good burst, but then only against a single target at a time. She has next to no use in a teamfight, and if even one of the enemy has an Oracles (and they will), she becomes a liability instead unless everyone else simply accepts the idea of having nothing but 4v5s while Eve tries to clean up anyone weakened enough to be picked off.
1	I won a game I THOUGHT was impossible to carry. A support blitz that didn't know how to play blitz... OR support. I was mid and had to buy wards instead of blitz, he was too busy buying armour against their tripple AP team, with corki ADC, instead of wards. Only pull I think I saw him land was when I was about to hit ori ulti on a target, and he pulled him out of it. And he pulled him to a position that was overall better for the target than where they were...   We still somehow won that through playing carefully, not doing stupid throws and wait for enemy team to throw instead.
1	yeah flaming is never acceptable under any circumstance. if you dont like a certain player behaves just mute him and report him after the game, just do your thing and try to win. obviously that sounds much easier than it is because everybody has this tendency to leave a bit of angryness out of himself when somebody does something dumb but when you remind yourself that rule you slowly improve into that superior human being moral wise, who does not fight flame with flame but instead chose to fight flame by not acknowlidging it.   i often mention in these "soloq tips" posts that 9 out of 10 players who climb to diamond do these by naturally being more talented in the attributes necessary to be good in this game and NOT by watching and reading a lot of guides, thats not how it works. as a dia4 player in euw myself i could give you one simple rule, prioritize your team over yourself. and thats not an advice, thats something you should assume and accept yourself by playing the game and not by reading this comment. pick a tank or meta top laner instead of riven because most likely thats what your team needs more. i personally learned a lot watching competitive play and following the meta and trying to practice the metas champions and understanding why these champs are meta and this helped me a lot as a player
1	I did actually, ask any of my friends. But let me use this time to complain if you don't believe me. I don't like that many men in LoL are super buff and muscular. It isn't at all a reflection of real life. Varus isn't naked, but he's damn close. The overly-muscular men  are  realistic though, considering they are warriors going into battle. Could they put a shirt on though? Absolutely. The women certainly don't dress for the part at all either. And how many female monster-type creatures do we have compared to men? And even the female monsters (Soraka and her horn comes to mind, who else is there?) are skinny and have big tits.   I don't think any women are upset when characters are sexualized for a reason, but Zyra could just as easily been fat guy or a creature from the void, but nope. They made her with a "perfect" female body. And I don't think women would be upset if even half of the characters were sexualized for absolutely no reason. But every single female has perfect tits and is super skinny, even though it adds absolutely nothing to the characters themselves. Zyra could have been an actual plant, or some type of creature-hybrid Bellsprout looking champ and it would have made more sense.   If anything,  it's the personality that's the real problem . Nidalee's /d pole dance or french maid skin, Kitty Katarina, or Officer Caitlyn add NOTHING to the champions except making them sexier for sales from horny pubescent boys. Nidalee could just as easily throw her spear at a wall and do the limbo but they had her flip her hair and dance like a stripper.
1	pulls up socks   I never said you had to be good at framing your friend. Also given the nature of the police (who is the Tribunal here), the police "spam" arrests (which is punishing) so in this world, you simply have to say he did something wrong & the police arrest you & throw you in jail right there & then.   Thus false reporting someone is telling the police he committed a murder and they just arrest him without even looking into it.
0	That sounds plausible on the surface, but I would submit to you that the physical embodiment of a word is just as culturally constructed as the word itself.   If you say the word 'tree' for example, the type of tree that each person is going to think of could vary dramatically from place to place. An Oak is very different from a Redwood which is very different from a Kapok tree (common in the Rainforest).   These perceptual differences are also present in onomatopoeias - words that are supposed to sound like real world sounds.  Think about all of the different words just in English that describe a dog's bark.   Well, did you know that in China, dogs don't say "woof" they say "mung"?   There are tons of variations on how we linguistically represent acoustically similar noises across cultural boundaries.   So why would sign languages be any different?   Think about it this way: there is a lot of letter-spelling in ASL, but what if you live in a community that speaks Italian? Or Japanese? Or Russian? Why would you expect a group of people who have no natural exposure to the Roman Alphabet to use that as a basis for their communication system?
1	Being low elo doesn't  prevent  you from having a good working knowledge of the game, but it's certainly true that the vast majority of low and even medium elo players have no clue wtf they're talking about. Just watch a Q&A with a pro sometime. You have 1600 players coming in there and saying stuff, and the pro players being like, "What? No, that's wrong."   So, you're right. Skill has little to do with knowledge, but high level experience has a  lot  to do with knowledge. Fact is that high elo and professional players play more and have more experience with people playing champions and roles  correctly .
1	OP this is a giant load of bullshit. Back in my days of starcraft 2, i wanted to improve so i looked for ways to improve my play, apm, builds, etc. and so i found osu. Yes my APM increased but mechanically i was at the same skill level. osu doesn't do anything you list here except give you a bad case of carpal tunnel. You improve because you want to improve, you go up in rank because you want to go up, you cannot rely on "training" games to make you better at another game.
1	The issue with Japan getting into LoL is that PC gaming is far from mainstream there. PC games in Japan are mostly "doujin". (think indie games and fan games), military strategy games, eroge (porn games), and Western titles. PC gaming just isn't a part of the culture there the way it is in the rest of Asia. Additionally, online gaming isn't nearly so big in Japan as it is in the rest of the world.   When league moved into Korea and China it built upon the local popularity of games like Dota and Starcraft to build upon. In Japan Riot will not have that luxury. While Starcraft and Dota are available to play in Japan, they are far from popular. Riot would effectively have to create and foster a whole pc gaming culture on its own in order to become successful in the Japanese market. I think they can give it the old college try, but I really doubt that LoL will gain any real popularity in Japan.
1	well written post.. should consider submitting on the RoG site.
1	Um, that is completely your fault. In my placement games in S2, I went 2-8 and dropped to around 750. I always blamed teammates for being bad, lag, etc. After like 200 games, I honestly did improve and if you're good, you WILL carry yourself out. It took me 200 games but I went from 750 to 1200. I started S2 with 750 and ended S2 with 1416.   If your friend was actually worse then you, he would've fallen out of the gold bracket a long time ago. No point in blaming him when he probably IS better than you.   Here is a picture I took before my game to hit 1200. -   And here is my profile on LOLKing so you can see my elo now. -
0	but you get step by step instructions. hell, i got instructions on how to make moonshine in AP Chem. it was an example of limiting reagent problems.
0	Had a buddy who got his dick sucked in 7th grade. He was real small, late bloomer. The entire time she's sucking his dick. He's pushing. Pisses on her face after about 15 minutes. In a movie theater. She left the theater right then. Piss all over the front of her shirt and all.
0	Here is a well thought out explanation by everyone on why reposts are bad.
0	No, I haven't but I've had a great many female partners, and have been (pretty much strictly) monogamous with my wife for over 10 years.  My experience is - the more enthused she is about having a good time, the more willing I am to  ensure  she has a great time.
0	I disagree. It was not the alcohol or liquid courage as some might put it as the reason for your recent success with a fair maiden (kudos). This female feels an attraction towards you because you conveyed your honest feelings and attraction to her, (Men need to be loved, women need to be desired,) anyway...  as you put it, you "laid it all out on the table," women are attracted to honesty as well as men who can express themselves emotionally (at least the ones you ideally want to meet), because men who are honest and expressive are confident. These men give no fucks when they speak their mind, how you as the male feel is your primary concern. That ability to open up and speak freely electrifies women and gets those loins frothy. Additionally,  women are also smarter than most men give them credit i.e. they pick up on the bullshit and fake gimmicks pretty quick.
0	I work at a fairly popular franchise restaurant and have been noticing for a while that servers complain a lot about not getting tips. I am not a server, but I often find them to be kind of inconsistent in the effort they put into serving, so one table will receive more attention and effort than another.   I also find myself often helping out various servers (all the while doing my greeting, seating, and busing duties) and it doesn't really seem like they always need the help but I prefer not to get into conflict at work.   So essentially, I have been developing various opinions about servers over the period I've been working and I came to the conclusion that they will complain about pretty much any tip unless it is like incredibly generous in percentage, like around 40ish percent.   I was hesitant to even have this opinion because once again I'm not a server myself, but then in a conversation with my manager I said something about a certain server complaining a lot and the manager said not to worry about it because servers are "self entitled" (she called them some other things that made me question her decision to manage a restaurant but I'll leave them out) and so I feel like my opinion is pretty valid.
0	Got married at 18. just celebrated our sixth anniversery. Have one child and are trying for another. We are very happy.
0	A woman's hips and butt are actually much wider than a man's, even if the man is a larger size.  As a 16 year old girl, my hips were wider than my uncle's, and I was much smaller than him.  I am positive my hips and ass are bigger than they were in high school.  My hips are wide, but my ass is pretty boring, so I'm positive that in a woman with a better butt, this effect would be amplified.
0	Where per se did you get drunk?  Not specifically where you went, but anything within drunk distance could be a place of interest for drunk you.  I read your other comment about not being much of a gambler (same :p), but would you have stuck with the pack, or could you have been a "oooooo what's that over there!?" kinda drunk?  If this went down at a place I was familiar with I'd be thinking what else was going on nearby that night and could drink me have stumbled over there...and could I in such an inebriated state make money somehow.   Then there's also the realistic possibility that your friends (as you were dancing with Mrs. friend, I assume you guys are somewhat tight) put it there just to see you torture yourself over wtf happened that night.  Like The Hangover.  Tell them you woke up with a couple hundred bucks and a sore ass, you won't ask questions if they don't tell you answers.
0	I know many of my friends on Facebook would like reddit but they just aren't interested in "getting in to it". Since I'm not going to be a douche and try to cram reddit.com in their face, I simply post those things they would find interesting or enlightening on Facebook. It's not about making myself look smart or clever or original. It's that helping them enjoy the intarwebs a little more makes me feel good.
1	If I buy a ward because I feel you're not warding enough   ..   >
0	Wow, if you think thats the worst part of dating you have had some awesome relationships.
1	1) My biggest pet peeve HAS to be when someone does terrible (enemy or ally) and they blame their team. examples: "Maybe if [jungler] ganked more, id do better"  "Gg bot fed thats why i went 0/10" "Support didnt shield me wtf"   I mean, take responsibility for yourself. It's no ones job to baby sit you, don't play game if you can't lane without being babysat. I pretty much only go mid lane, and I usually do really well without junglers help, so when enemy mid laner blames their jungler for why they did bad themselves, it pisses me off.   2) I also hate assholes on that game in general. Work with your team, dont insult them and throw the game because they gave a few kills.   and 3) when you CALL A ROLE IN TEAM SELECT AND SOMEONE INSTALOCKS IT ANYWAY AND SAYS "TOO BAD"
0	To my understanding propaganda is any portrayal  of information that doesn't show both perspectives. In Canada the media is obligated to show more then one stance in order for the general public to make an informed decision on issues. For example if on talk radio there is a liberal minded host on for a couple hours that station will then have to put on a conservative minded host for a couple hours.     Propaganda isn't inherently evil but it is however a form of brain washing when the government only allows the public to have information from the view point that you want them to have.     I am aware that in this day and age it is easy to check facts. Unfortunately it is up to the individual to do so and if your news programming shoves something down you throat constantly it is easier for you just to take it at face value. It is the news after all, right? They wouldn't lie and present opinion as facts, right? That right there is the problem. When propaganda becomes predominant the sources you used to trust for factual coverage can now give inaccurate depictions and the change from one to the other happens without anyone noticing.     Just think how many of your friends and family have been fooled by the onion before, and that's an openly satirical website. Not everyone is as skeptical as I know redditors a can be. Its not you whose opinion they change, it's your mom or your little brothers or your grandparents.
1	right back from LCS day 2!   ok aatrox, in soloQ he can be played 2 ways, either split push with a lot of early damage or teamfighting tank with a lot of ways to not die.   Me personally i would always go for a level 2 kill, starting with e and trying to get as many hits onto your lane opponent as possible (quick tip most soloQ players will turn away if they are slowed/damaged early on so if you land your E on them try and get in a few autos).   If you beat them to level 2 you should go in as soon as possible to try and kill, usually taking your W. most players dont keep track of if you have an impowered W or not so you can unload mass damage in 1 auto without them expecting it. after that in lane you should be the lane bully, ward up and keep on getting the unexpected dmg W on your opponent. be careful of your passive though, you loose a lot of your lane pressure and your opponent will feel they can really kill you if it is down.   For the split pushing type game summoners are usually Flash/Ignite or Flash/exhuast (mostly to win auto attack trades so good v people like trynd). Build would be rush bork and add either a brute/hexdrinker or hyndra to push the waves, after that its full on tank so randys or spirit visage or banshees etc.   The tank build is only slightly different, still rush bork to trade in lane but then cut out any more dmg items and just go full tank for the situation. Summoners for this build are usually Flash/Teleport just so you can be a teamfighter at any time e.g. drag fights.   Main thing is your passive is very important so always keep track of when if its up. if you can jump into a teamfight, deal mass dmg and soak up all the dmg for your passive then your team can just clean-up whilst you are using your passive.   in terms of skill preference its E>W>Q   usual rule with his different W is use the dmg W until you get to 60% or less hp then swap to the healing auto whilst in lane.
1	They cant, you cant sue for similarities in game-play, 300 heroes take nibbles from every existing franchises, from anime to games to real historical figures...   it would take an entire alliance of Jump comic, Nintendo, Blizzard, Riot, Chinese cultural commitee, DC, Marvel,  Square Enix, Madman Entertainment, Type-Moon, and which ever manga companies published SAO, Tokyo Ghoul, AoT etc etc
0	Yes, report illegal labor practices and find somewhere else to work.  Do not work for an employer who rips off their employees.  They will find another way to do so, usually with the standard "you're just not on the schedule this week" until you quit.  If you're not skilled enough to find another minimum wage job, get some skills.  Work at a damn factory if you have to.  Hell, some places are more likely to hire you if you have food service on your resume, as it shows you can work under pressure.   Report them so they can be investigated.  If you provide proof to the DoL, you WILL get compensation for unpaid wages.   Much better than sucking it up in hopes that somehow the magical funding fairy starts making better budgetary decisions.
0	No you talked about dating girls (plural) from dating sites.   Also,   > She sent me nothing but face shots, probably about 6 of them ( red flag if you're aiming for a fit girl fellas)...   > I go to pick her up and she waddles up to my truck like she just finished chips, cookies and cake for breakfast...   > I am by no means gods gift to women ( I like to think I'm pretty fuckin close mind you)...   >  I'm a gentleman , we are going for coffee how bad could it be. Well snickersaurasrex...   > I "forgot" my wallet in the car, tell her I'm gonna go grab it. Started that baby up and didn't look back...   >
1	I understand what you mean, but as with any word the gradients of 'to exaggerate' need to comply with semantics and grammar alike. For example, you can say "greatly exaggerate" to emphasize that it was more of an exaggeration than one might be used to.   However, over-exaggerate is not repetitive - there are valid constructions of repetitive figures after all - it is just semantically redundant. The meaning of 'exaggerate' is 'over what is usual or expected', so over-exaggerate translates literally into 'over over'. It would be analogous to saying something along the lines of "I prefer this so much more", where prefer already means to like something more (than something else) literally translating into "I like this more so much more".   I'm certain that if you travel countryside there'll be quite a few words popping up that see common usage among certain demographics or generations, but each of them will still earn you red ink in any academic or professional environment.
0	How are tablets "always so awkward and uncomfortable to hold at an angle where you can read or interact with"? For reading or digesting media that doesn't require interaction, you just hold it like you would a book or plant each hand either side. For interacting with it, you either have your hands either side and use your thumbs or hold it with one hand and do shit with another. My Nexus 7 weighs nothing, fits my palm perfectly and has a keyboard that makes it really easy to use with just one finger.   I'd never use my tablet as my catch-all main device but it's perfect for any kind of media consumption or shitty games, especially when my tablet has a higher resolution than my computer monitor.
0	Since when is the US hiding successfull anti-terror operations ?   You don't hear about the poor blokes in gitmo, not because its a successfull anti-terror operation, but because this is pure facism.   Every successfull anti-terror operation would be used as 'look how dangerous our country still is, we need more military and more control'. And it would give credibility back to all of the hundreds of intelligence institutes the US is pounding billions in.   And i hear only about some successfull FBI sting operations, which is self-made terror. You always have a guy who runs amok. But thats a domestic issue, no terror-plot.
1	First of all, I'm sorry for my washy English, it's not my mother's tongue.   The reason why Alistar, Blitz and Leona aren't and shouldn't be labeled as supports is for the simple fact that they don't contribute with any real support-power.   Now what I mean by that is not that they shouldn't be played as support, by all means, that's where they fit in the meta, but they don't contribute with any real supporting power, except for alistar wich i DO think could be labeled as support. Let's take Blitzcrank as an example, his Q is the infamous hook, it's a great support(by means of meta) ability, but doesn't give any buffs to your allies, your W, E and R works by the same principles, they do not affect allies.   If you look at other support, they all have something to contribute to ones allies with, for example; Nunu's W gives a buff to allies, thresh lantern gives an ally a shield (and obviusly great survivability), and I'd say Soraka speaks for herself.   Riot can't adjust the definition of a champion or role simply because the meta is what it is.   I do however agree with what many of earlier comments have said, to be able to make your own, personalised character tabs.
1	The management of TL didnt give a shit, thats why they didnt feature LOL articles, but there was still a very active LoL community within the TL community.   People dont seem to understand that TL was like THE place of esports in the west for the the past 10 years, before it became even remotely profitable.   Places like TL are what make me proud to be a fan of not just esports, but the community surrounding it.
0	When I went into labor with my first child, my water broke on the floor. Anyone who's had a child can tell you it is not technically "water" but a substance that dries to a crunchy consistency on carpet. So that night after baby is born, my husband goes home to clean it up and finds dog eating it.
1	Played my first game since the honor system kicked in. I was unaware. Something was terribly wrong with the balance.. no one said one single mean thing to someone else.. and at the end.. the opponents actually said.. gg wp. I was horrified, frightened I had been sucked into another realm.. but then I read this thread.
1	In reference to the second clip (where he rocket jumps into Graves and fails to get the reset), the issue is not that he rocket jumped in. This is exactly what Trist does; she all-ins on advantageous situations and then escapes with the reset. The issue is, he jumped exactly to the spot of graves, as if he smartcasted Rocket Jump just after right clicking Graves. This does the rocket jump damage, but puts him literally right on top of Taric, and still in range of ranged caster minion aggro.   He could have jumped ahead of Graves (he easily had the range for it); this would have put him far out of Taric's range and cut off the Flash (while still doing rocket jump damage), and without Taric's melee damage contribution this would have been an easy kill. This is still risky because of the red pot and caster minion aggro (and if they had an Ali, for instance, instead of Taric, being that close to tower is foolish), but with barrier it would almost certainly have been a kill, then a rocket jump away. This would be the most-likely successful aggressive option.   The safer alternative (for a more cautious position-based adc approach) would have been to rocket jump up towards their tri. This would have a few advantages.     Kills 1/2 caster minions and reduces damage taken from their aggro   Complete disengage from Taric   Alternative escape route (up through Tri and towards river) The downsides are exposure to enemy ganks from tri (which cased on action elsewhere was unlikely, and in an all-in pretty unavoidable) and no rocket jump damage on Graves, meaning he could have lived by flashing, continuing to run, and popping pot (since from that position he can run downwards and disengage faster than cutting him off). But this would leave Taric totally exposed, and again, it's the safe play; Graves could not 1v1 Trist at that point, and repositioning to force 1v1's with rocket jump is part of what makes Trist a good adc. It's not just an engage; it's also like a slower Arcane Shift (with no cc immunity), good for repositioning.     In reference to the last clip; a half second of adc damage can make or break a teamfight like that. Saving the w to disengage would only minimize the loss after losing the teamfight, and the lantern would not have put him in range. Going all-in was fine, Noct dying to kat ult and Thresh ulting too far in the back and too soon allowed the enemies to close too soon. Otherwise he could have really put the hurt into someone, exposing them to a reset or Nidalee spear gimp.
0	2 years of commenting for one.   But there's really easy ways to get  comment  karma if you want to abuse the system. I don't know why you would do it since this shit is meaningless, but here's what seems to work:     Understand reddit memes (phrases, images, trends) then parody them on popular subreddits (gifs, pics, adviceanimals, funny, etc). I've gotten so much karma just from replying with a relevant .gif or .png from imgur to a highly rated comment.     Circlejerk is easy karma if you know what stupid things redditors flock to and upvote all the time and then want to parody.     If a post is all about how amazing Taco Bell is, don't go in there and try to create an intelligent discussion about Chipotl. This is just an example, but in actuality reddit is really cliquey and you're probably just going to get downvoted for not towing the line more than often.         Don't explain how you get karma. This is usually met with downvotes.     Avoid /r/politics     The most important thing is timing. I've made stupid replies to the top comment and got 1500 upvotes simply because I was there first. On the other hand I could get -200 karma for not knowing what opinion was safe to have before the thread got popular.       Note there's always exceptions, like for instance smaller subreddits won't tolerate your generic karma grabbing bs in favor of intelligent or relevant discussion.   Once you start trying to gain karma you realize right quick how faulty the upvote system can be.
0	I am still a full time student. I do not have full time work and have never had full time work. I earned an athletic training license, which is the result of a four year professional degree and a licensure exam. I've been asked to volunteer my license and that the event was prestigious enough to have my working there be its own reward. I told them no. I will not give up a full day of studying or spending time with friends to volunteer my resource to an event or person or company that wants to cover themselves legally and let me take the tort risk.   This is not an uncommon phenomenon in the sports medicine world. There are plenty of people who would love to use your abilities and not pay for them. Loads of athletic trainers work for less than their value or for hours above and beyond their reimbursement. Students in my program are uncompensated and act as extensions of the athletic trainer, doing many of the day-to-day tasks that are required to operate the athletic training room and the sports medicine department as a whole. Meanwhile, students are generally too busy between academics and athletics to hold an additional job that accumulates enough to cover rent in the area ($500/mo is typical).   Physical therapy students are in the same boat; uncompensated for the work that they do. In the clinic, a competent physical therapy student will multiply a licensed PT's productivity by a factor of 1.5-2.0 and the units they bill aren't volunteer or pro bono; the clinic or hospital for whom they work is being reimbursed. Meanwhile, programs generally build the cost of going on clinical into the cost of the semester or charge the student for the cost of tuition while they are away on clinical. So the student getting a "good experience" by paying the university and generating revenue for the clinic/hospital and providing quality care to the patient.   Am I thankful for my positive experiences? Of course. Have I learned a lot? No question. Have I made strong contacts with talented people who will write a letter of recommendation when I ask? You bet. I wouldn't trade those things away because my value will only continue to rise as I collect these experiences. That said, it's frustrating to be broke and watch other parties being reimbursed for my labor.
0	Sometimes I feel the same way. Everyone around thinks I'm one of the nicest people ever, and I try very hard to be. (In IT support) I find it much easier just to accomplish tasks myself. I want to be able to delegate and I think its a necessary skill for the future. Sometimes I also just find it easier to complete the task than try to explain all of the intricacies.
1	This is also true when picking your role. Me myself as a jungler tend to hear quite often that I should let someone else jungle (read: "Please let me jungle Lundarien, I have a 6 win streak" I've learned through experience that giving someone else my main role mostly (not always!) ends in disaster. Why? Because I am not nearly as good in other lanes as I am compared to jungle, only recently I've begin to improve as an adc but still not good enough for the rating I'm at (plat 1). If the person I gave jungle to performs badly, I get the blame because I let him do so while I'm not performing that well either because I belong in the jungle. More often then not I am the lower pick and experience the same scenario from the other side so it's fair and square:)
0	If he's talking about Robin Williams,(which undoubtedly OP is...) people "Idolize" him because he was a fantastic man who was battling depression, which most people didn't even know about ( Nobody I know at the least.) and know that he's gone, people miss him.
1	I am not a rager, and i usually never call out that i am in my promos, i did it on my platinum promotion series once ... I went 3 - 1, the one game i called it went totally shit. And my team went "well i don't need to win this, you do lol" after asking if they might concentrate and stop flaming each other.
0	To all Redditors who do not know who this guy is or what he has done, basically he is one of the most extreme fundamentalist Christian in the world.  He is super homophobic, against birth control, all types of contraception, and abortion because it "goes against God", he believes is religious law over secular law and believes that the U.S. is a christian nation and is favored by his god. He also thinks that Obama is not motivated by the Bible and he wants to control sex by forcing people to either be abstintent or have sex for only procreation because he believes sex should not be enjoyable.
1	Yup look at Lee sin.  His win rate is directly tied to the Elo of the person playing him.  Minus Challengers small player base and huge % influx day to day it pretty much goes straight up like an arrow from bronze - diamond.
0	It could've been worse. I had an argument with my ex because we were missing several hundred dollars from the house and it was pretty clear she had spent it on drugs (she had disappeared for a few days and came home wicked fucked up). She was drunk and got defensive. She said she was going to call the cops and tell them I had hit her and raped her. She began hitting herself in the face and ripping her collar before she grabbed the phone and called the police. I was pissed and ripped the phone from the wall (land line). Apparently the call went through because the police were out front minutes later and she ran out the door towards them screaming while I remained inside. I could hear her screaming her drunken tale to one of the many officers on scene. There were four cruisers outside with about eight cops, two of which were knocking on my door requesting to come inside. Before I opened the door I removed my rings and punched myself in my right ear several times, put my rings back on, and then opened the door. I calmly explained the situation but they said they were still going to have to bring me in until the situation could be sorted out. They then asked me why my face and ear were so red. I told them that she had struck me before she ran out the door. They asked if I wanted to press charges. No. Obviously not. The two officers told me that obviously they were dealing with the sober party, the other six officers were outside trying to calm my ex outside. They told me they had contacted one of her friends (ha, her fucking crack dealer ex-boyfriend) and he'd agreed to take her to stay with him for a few nights.  Great, no problem.  The cops I had been speaking with told me I was off the hook but if they ever had to return to deal with a domestic issue involving us again I would not be so lucky. They told me I'd be crazy not to pack my bags and leave her by morning. I did. Now I'm happily married and sober.
0	I'm sorry bud, but trust me on this one. I think I know myself better than you do. Even if I was in denial: I'd be attracted to men. I'm not.   I'm just a bit of an exhibitionist.   Not to mention, sexuality MEANS ones orientation/preference. (Synonyms)   Orientation is also no black and white. Just (arguably) easier to label. They're effectively the same thing   Not to mention labels are a personal thing. Two people may both identify as kinsey 2. One my see themselves as straight, and one may see themselves as bi. Guess what!? They're both right!   A man may enjoy being pegged by his girlfriend. He;s not in denial, he just likes his prostate played with.
1	his base ad was lowered, his passive poison damage was lowered early, and the biggest nerf to the rat was that it now takes 6 seconds of time to stealth if any damage is being dealt so basically any ignite guarantees that you don't stealth 6 seconds (as opposed to 3 in prior patches) which kills off most escaping chances.
0	I just imagine this being the next post she made.   TIFU By talking to this guy in class.  ... ... ...
1	The OP is 100% correct and true, BUT when there is an obvious feeder/rager in the enemy team, don't not report them just because they're technically helping you. In a recent game I had a last pick Ali who took Revive and literally ONLY bought items to help him feed (maybe a bot, he said nothing).   Enemy LeBlanc: "lol honor for Ali"   NO. JUST NO. When someone is effing up the game that hard (mind you, their Ez was 9/0 and Ryze 6/0 by 20), they can go burn in ban hell. You don't FUCKING HONOR THEM.
0	Same thing happened to my sister. However, this was in Puerto Rico, and it was me, my sister, and my 2 female cousins in the car.   We were at this little neighborhood bodega by my grandma's, and as we exit off the curb, we all jump, because we had no idea wtf just happened. I quickly realized that a car of 2 women had thrown coke  through  the driver's window and it fell onto my sister. I knew what my sister's reaction was going to be fucking crazy. I quickly try to diffuse the situation, but my cousins being as insane as she is completely cancelled me out with their outrage.   I give up, knowing that I can't compete in a yelling match with  three  Puerto Rican women. I tried to get out, but my sister just sped off the curb like a lunatic.   So there is my sister, enraged and drenched in coke, with a total disregard for traffic laws, her life, and as well as everyone else's. She literally speeds up even more, DRIVES ONTO THE FUCKING SIDEWALK BECAUSE THERE WAS ALREADY TRAFFIC BEHIND THE PEOPLE THAT THREW THE COKE, DRIVES UP TO THE PERPETRATORS, AND SWERVES INFRONT OF THEM. Thank god they stopped, or we would have been t-boned.   I was yelling at her so hard that I started losing my voice later on that day. I'm no pussy, but this was Puerto Rico. The number of people ready to blast anyone is pretty high, and we didn't have a gun ourselves, so I was fairly frighted, even if they were a car of 2 women. (Don't underestimate Puerto Rican women. The greater the curves, the deadlier they are).   The girls couldn't back up or turn the car, so my sister climbs out the window because she couldn't open the door, but my cousins get out with with ease. When I was out of shock, I quickly rush out to hold my sister back. I could, but I had no such luck with my cousins.   The women apparently weren't so afraid either, because they did not stay in the car. After my cousins pounded on the window for a few moments, they step out, and for a moment I thought my cousin's were going to get whooped, but nope.   One of my cousins quickly dropped one of the women on their ass and was on top of her, punching in rapid succession. My other cousin had the other woman in a headlock, and was punching her as they spun in place.   A few people stepped out of their cars to stop the situation, and were actually getting a bit hostile, since we really did seem like the aggressors... actually, we were.   As my sister squirms in my grasp trying to break free (which she actually managed to almost do a few times), she yells to the people trying to break it up, and tells them what happened. From disdain, they quickly turned to being understanding and were cheering on my cousins for a bit.   I was kind of in shock the whole time, but I don't really know what happened when the bystanders finally decided to separate them, because next thing I knew my sister was running towards the woman whom was getting in the passenger's seat (AKA the women who threw the coke) of the other car. She completely slipped by the people that were holding my cousin's back and grabbed the woman by the hair, pulled her out, shoved her head downwards, and uppercut her a few times before I rushed over to her.   However, as I pull her away, she pulls the woman  with her , and continuously hits her a few  more  times. I somehow managed to get her grip lose from her hair, and I just took her to our car and shoved her in the  backseat , because there was no way I was letting her drive after that little stunt. After that, I looked back at the woman whom my sister had hit, and I realized her lip was busted. My cousin fucked her up pretty bad, but she did not have that before my sister got at her. I kind of felt bad for her, but then again...   Anyways, my sister didn't protest to me putting her in the backseat, as she was quite content with her actions, as were my cousins. Luckily, the cops didn't show up, but I was guessing that they were on their way, so I just yell at my cousins to get in the car, thank the people that broke up the fight, cuss at the women a little bit, and drove off. They talked about it the whole way back home.   My mother however, proceeded to give my sister an ass whooping herself for fucking up the front and rear bumper, as well as losing a rim.   Have yet to be in a car in which my sister was driving, and don't plan on doing so. But even if I do, I'm never letting my [future] children get in a car with her. Nonononono. Shit was fucking crazy.
1	Yeah, this is another reason I wouldn't edit that file. Shit gets weird. I think what happened is that by changing it, you made the client check with the NA servers to update and got a few of the files from there.   Try a reinstall, make sure to install to a different directory. What you want to do instead is go to the Chinese league folder, then go to /Game/DATA/Menu/ and find fontconfig_en_US.txt and fontconfig_zh_CN.txt   Backup your zh_CN.txt file and rename the en_US.txt file to the Chinese copy. So in the end you end up with a backed up Chinese file, and your US file renamed to fontconfig_zh_CN.txt.   This will get all of your in game stuff in English, without messing up the game. It will likely break the font, but if you don't care then whatever. There are a few more steps to fix the font, if you'd like.   Edit : An update for anyone who wants to fix the font when you do this... Go to the original Chinese fontconfig file, and copy all of the font information. IIRC it should be lines 2-5 of the file. Just open it up, copy those lines. It is the lines referring to the fonts to use, just before the game text starts.   Once you do that, go to your new renamed fontconfig file, the one with English text that is renamed to zh_CN... replace those same lines in that file with the stuff you just copied. This will keep the Chinese fonts, but replace the Chinese text in game with the English text. So you get all English text, but can still type/read the Chinese if you want.   So a
0	That doesn't apply when talking about audio (or RF) signals.   The zero the previous commenter mentioned, actually refers to the signal being at it's 0dB point...which means no attenuation, or largest possible amplitude. When you are talking about a signal in this context, it is understood that the signal in question is before any amplification takes place.   Some home theater receivers, usually the mid-to-higher tier models, use an actual logarithmic scale for the volume control, as opposed to the linear ones used on the lower tier models. A logarithmic scale more accurately tracks perceived volume than a linear one. It's all a matter of costs...it's cheaper to just use a linear, resistance based, potentiometer to control the volume, instead of the hardware/software needed to make a logarithmic volume control.   Have you ever used a receiver that had a volume scale of like 0-100 (linear) and you notice that as you turn the dial, the volume basically tracks the knob movement, until you hit certain values, where the volume will either seem not to move much, or jump to a volume higher than what it should have, based on the amount you turned the knob?   That's what happens when you try to make logarithmic values fit a linear scale. At some point in time, you have to deal with the points at which the curves begin to diverge too much from each other.   On logarithmic volume knobs, for every 3dB change made by the knob, there has been either a doubling (+3dB) or halving (-3dB) of the amplitude level of the signal. If you make a 6dB change you have quadrupled the signal or reduced it to 1/4 of its previous value.
1	Rather weak early game until his Q is on a low enough cooldown and he has a revolver. Once he gets it though, probably one of the most annoying champions to go against. His Ult and E dominate teamfights. With proper usage of Sanguine Pool and Hourglass, he can dump a lot of damage while moving in and out of invulnerability. His passive is probably one of the most broken things about his kit, allowing him to build heavy AP while still becoming rather beefy. However this is rather necessary because he is somewhat of a short range caster that has to get into the thick of things to do his damage properly.   As for countering him, building MR is essential. MR affects him more so than other casters because of his design. MR reduces his damage done which in turn reduces the amount of healing he gets back. In a sense if you build MR you reduce damage he does to you while technically doing more damage to him because you limit his healing immensely. Once he gets a couple of levels, there is no trading with him really. He'll just heal off minions to heal back up. He can push the lane rather hard with his E which sets him up to be ganked. However his Sanguine Pool allows him to "NOPE" right the fuck out of any gank.   One trick is to fight him and make him burn his pool and then back off. If he tries to be aggressive after disengaging and thinks your stuff is on cooldown, your jungler has around a 20 second window where Vlad can't really do much to escape.   As for lane countering, he is one of the few mages that can actually absolutely wreck Kassadin. Vlad becomes tanky enough through his passive that he can't be bursted down. If Kassadin tries to ult-Q-E onto Vlad, Vlad can pool quickly before the Q connects and negate the combo. The only downside is that it costs him 20% of his current health to pool. His pool lets him wreck most skillshot reliant champions in lane too. He is a very strong top and mid champion. The only problem with mid is that he must play very careful in early game because he risks being bursted down before he has any items to make him tanky.   As mentioned earlier, MR hurts him hard. Top laners like Irelia and Udyr can wreck him pretty hard once they get a wits end. After that, they basically shrug off most of Vlad's damage. His other counter is dot (damage over time) damage because his pool doesn't remove debuffs. Because of this, Fiddlesticks and Swain can murder Vlad simply because they sustain as well as him and Vlad can't really avoid their damage.
1	excately this happenes in my last game. nasus 0/4 top, wont ward, continues to push, blaming me the jungler for him losng lane. I told him in a not so pleasent way to remain quiet since our bot lane is 4/0 and if he listens to me he'll win.   he continued to be disobediant and try to be pro. me mid and bot conitue to carry ward and take ojectives. we eventually win a long hard comeback.   in post game stats nasus has 5 ranked wins... 5. let that sink in.   I have over 4k games played.   dis I mention I wasbjunglung sejuani becuase this first pick nasus banned all the decent junglers.
0	2nd point is only relevant because of the 1st point.   If I owned a shop and declared all sales will contribute to helping the relief fund over there, yes I will get more people. If they asked me how much and I tell them 10%, I wouldn't be lying. I'm still making money from it, as well as garnering more attention to attract more potential buyers. Not to mention any long term customers.   The point is that point #2 only comes into play because of how little of a portion I'm willing to give.   >Good charities keep that percentage of dollar to donee really high. Bad charities don't and keep more of it for themselves whether by gross inefficiency or greed.   In effect she is a bad charity middle person. Yes, money does go to the target goal. Something less than 10% of sales. Why is this bad?   Using my shop example, because its not about the Philippines, its about getting more long term customers with warm and happy thoughts (about giving to charity) and when those warm and happy thoughted customers talk to others about my shop, they will have warm and happy words. What I'm saying is help the islands over there. What I'm doing is profiting. There's discontinuity that is happening.   What is she selling? Her image, her as a brand name. What shes doing is exploitive.   >How is that her fault? Any donation made by anyone follows the same process. International Medical Corps is in the same tier as the American Red Cross so unless you're getting your panties in a twist at those donating to Red Cross there is no argument here.   Its not, #2 was there to support point #1 on how little she actually giving as compared to what she is getting.   >You can argue that she has more money and should donate more or whatever. But to say she is doing less than nothing because the charity she is giving to is going to use some of that money on something other supplies is ridiculous. She's still donating 10% of the eBay sales. That's not nothing no matter how much you don't like her.   Its not that because she has more money she should donate more, its that she donated so little in order to make more money.   >Can you argue she should be doing more because of her financial situation? Sure, absolutely. But don't say it's nothing, she's donating money (probably more than you and I) to a cause that doesn't affect her. It might not be out of the goodness of her heart as much as publicity (which apparently backfired) but at the end of the day 10% of the sales are going to that charity and no one has been misled about that.   I didn't say anything about being misled. I didn't say it was nothing. You are saying that I did. In fact I think where you got that idea was...   >In this case, shes only promising 10%. Of that number it then goes to an actual charity that cuts the end purchase value to the donees to a much smaller number.
0	Dont send them to the house. Her guy on the side would never do that. Buy the flowers, have a friend that shes never met deliver them to her at work about 45 min before she goes to lunch, then show up right before lunch and say you thought youd pop in to get lunch. If she says nothing about the flowers then she is riding the ole bologna pony. If she thanks you for the flowers then you are safe.
1	I play from April 2011.I have 1377 wins and 1345 loses in normal.I have more than 500 ranked games.I have 50w/30lose in dominion and 50/50  in Aram.I also have around 40 games in team builder.So-what do I have. I miss 17 champions [2 from 3k,rest 4.8k IP +] I also used RP to get 5-6 Champs.I also have 7 rune pages [1 from refferals,the other 4 I took for the price of 2.]
1	I don't really see a problem. It is just a surrender box with colours. All you are doing is jumping on the season 3 patch hate train.
0	I worked in a shelter for 2 weeks as a horizon broadening exercise my senior year of high school.   It is very common.   It is so easy to lose perspective from outside a shelter.   Many animals that arrive to the shelter are broken and damaged. And oftentimes the emotional damage is much worse than the physical. So many animals come into shelters every day, and so many are broken. It is a very depressing place to work.   I can guarantee that almost all shelter employees have to suffer through having to euthanize the animals they love on a daily basis. That's why they say to spay and neuter. There are too many animals, and not enough people to revitalize and nurture.
0	We use to do this thing in high-school called "striking a lift".  It is when you walk up to your friend and flick up their nipple through their shirt with your index finger knuckle.  It got pretty serious because between classes, dudes would strike you JUST as you were about to walk by.  By then you couldn't get them back because the congested halls would protect them.   Well, I almost did this to a female friend during the peak of the Lift Wars.  It was just total reaction.  She tried to playfully poke my side as we walked by in the hall way and out of sheer reaction I reached in for the kill.  Thankfully, as my knuckle was in transit to lift her nipple I quickly moved up and poked her nose.  It was awkward as fuck for me cause I knew what almost happened but she didn't notice a thing.
0	Pediatric Resident here: Exclusive Breastfeeding is recommended for a number of highly corroborated benefits to a child's health. These include a protective effect against respiratory, ear, and GI infections as well as asthma, allergies, and eczema. For more see [AAP Breastfeeding](   Obviously there are a number of issues that may prevent a mother from breastfeeding and it is important to be sensitive about that as well. If you make a mother feel that not breastfeeding is really bad despite her giving a strong effort then the negative burden you place on her will lead to worse outcomes.
1	The spears USED to have a function based on distance back several patches. This allowed people to spear + pounce back to get more damage, however Riot 'fixed' this to add a maximum damage limit. However, as a coder myself, I wouldn't put it past another coder to lazily keep the same function, but set x to be where nid starts the spear throw (not distance apart when spear lands).  This would effectively maximize the damage at 250 % when all other code is working as intended. This would make both scenarios still plausible (unless irelia was low health?)
1	I understand that you feel the need to correct misinformation presented in the community, but comments on a non-Riot-owned discussion board is not always the correct medium, especially in a case like this. As demonstrated with the earlier post, in heavily opinionated cases like this, all these informal comments do is incite witch hunts, hate, bullying, and harassment. There is absolutely no reason a formal post on Riot's official boards can be used to address potentially volatile topics such as this instead of Rioters' personal Reddit accounts.  It is not like it would not hit the front page of reddit instantly and the corrections themselves will gain greater readership instead of hoping that some of the community happens to read all of your posts on the topic.   There is a difference between having a Rioter respond to a post to discuss aspects about the game itself, or player created content, but discussions that pertain to player cases especially those involving youth have no place on Reddit. It is not like a post by a Rioter has no influence on the upvoted/accepted community consensus on emotionally charged topics.  If we use Incarnation as an example we could look at two  cases:   1) Article claims Incarnation cleared for 2015 season.   Rioter Response: "Incarnation will not be unbanned for the 2015 season."   Upvoted Community Response: "I'm glad that jerk is still banned what he did was unforgivable."   2) Article claims Incarnation ineligible for 2015 season.   Rioter Response: "We have completed our review process of incarnation's ban and have decided he will be eligible for professional play in the 2015 season."   Upvoted Community Response: "He is such a skilled player, it is great to see he's reformed and look forward to seeing him represent our community on the rift."   What is the difference between posting these comments in a formal post and as a comment on Reddit? If you post a comment on Reddit, you are facilitating the discussion on a medium for which you have zero control.  If the discussion takes place on a medium that you own, not only can there be better control over the types of conversations that take place there (differing opinions vs "he should kill himself"), but Red posts can be easily found regardless of how buried  they may be in a sea of responses. It is irresponsible to conduct these types of discussions on a third party board. This situation deals with a specific person.  The issue is big enough that the community knows and cares about it. You address the error and any misconceptions in a clear and formal post and if you feel the need to, link to said post as a reply. The point is that the discussion starts there.   Look back at the response from the "XJ9 back" thread. In no right world is that the correct place to make that type of announcement that deals with a specific targetable person or team. This isn't a "Sorry guys we made a mistake in the patch notes." You would not have announced the C9T bans in a comment on here. Not because they're pro players, but because you want better control over your message when it's a sensitive topic that deals with specific individuals.
0	I'm short, my boyfriend is short. I much prefer this to being with a really tall guy or girl. Besides, I like to be the one doing the protecting sometimes!   My first ex was really tall compared to me, aside from the guy turning out to be fairly unpleasant all round I can't say it's something I'd ever look for in a person. Kind of unattractive to me, made me feel disproportionate and physical contact -even holding hands- a bit more awkward than with someone roughly matching my height.
1	If every E hits a poisoned target, you're hitting 2 Es roughly every 1 second, not considering travel time, etc. so 2 x 10 = 20. But realistically you're not gonna hit that many ES unless you're scripting. So assuming you hit 15 Es at max rank, you're still using 1350 mana in 10 seconds if you're not getting kills. Throw in the use of your ult and a couple of Qs and Ws, and you pretty much HAVE to build a lot of mana, because in a sustained fight you'll be oom and useless pretty fast. I probably wouldn't build liandies on her till much later.   Time will tell if her passive will counteract that and forgive her for building mana over AP.   The double doran will probably no longer be a start on her, and she'll prob rush either tear or RoA, followed by the other. Her bullying will be heavily reduced, and she'll be SUPER susceptible to ganks earlier on (pre-six).   I could be wrong, but they've pretty much changed her into a farm as much as possible with my E until I become relevant sort of champ.   Honestly i feel like her goal in lane is confusing. She wants to farm with her E, and harrass with her Q and W to get passive stacks, but Q and W have damage nerfs early. Cant over harrass with your E because if you max that you'll kill your mana quick, so idk. Time will tell where this goes.
0	girl is short 15 cents. guy gives her a quarter (25 cents). now she has 10 cents more than needed. she pays, and receives 10 cents in change.
0	The morning wasn't without a little excitement. He caught one guy who was speeding. When the officer talked to him the first words out of his mouth were, "I don't have any drugs."   He called for back up and found a baggie of crystal meth in the center console as well as a gym bag full of wallets and a bolt cutter. Turns out he had been going to the local 24 Hour Fitness and cleaning out all the lockers.   The most surreal part for me was riding back to the station for booking. The officer was talking to me like it was an episode of COPS. "Criminals like these aren't that hard to catch. Why? They're stupid. Smart people don't do meth. Right, pal?" As he finished his sentence he tapped on the metal grate that separated us from the rear seat.   If any of you have a chance to do a ride-along I strongly recommend it. It humanized police officers for me and gave me a newfound respect for what they do.
0	I noticed that you've only been on reddit for 25 days but this is a repost and we must make an example of you. By redditquette, you will be charged in the full extent of the law. You will not receive a trial and will have to pay your dignity.
0	My friend gave me this advice and it works like a charm. Those douche bag guys get the girl not because girls love douches but because douche bags think they are they are the greatest thing to walk the planet earth and girls like confidence.  Now I'm not saying go around and act all douchey to everyone, but instead of being all mopey about getting shut down you just need to realize she didn't recognize the greatness that is you.  Additionally, if a girl serves up a bullshit excuse, call her out on it and you'll be able to get away with your self respect. I got the girl I'm seeing right now as a result of this. I flirted with her all night at a party and she made me put my number in her phone only to have her friend tell me she has a boyfriend. I walked up to her and said, "You have a boyfriend. I'm not gunna be that guy. You have my number, if you're single you can contact me otherwise, don't bother." and I walked away. Two days later I get a text and it's been going great.
1	Hadn't much paid attention to this post earlier, but I just have to share a story I had in a game I finished like 10min ago.   I was 4th pick for my team, I got middle. I picked Evelynn and the opponent picked Morde to go against me, for sure I thought I was fucked. Well, turns out a level 3 gank from Udyr is pretty damn strong, I get Morde and Lee tried to save him, but I ended up getting a double and doublebuffs.   After that, Morde disconnected and I killed him before realizing this.   Ever since that moment, his whole team flamed him and told him he's bad and that he needs to be reported for feeding. That's just ridiculous.   Morde played well the first couple of levels, I realized immediately that I'd be screwed against him on equal ground. Then one gank turns it sour for him, since Eve snowballs really hard, especially if you get double buffs pre-5.   It saddens me that he had to go through 4 people yelling at him, just because I happened to get a good gank from my jungler. Especially since Lee repeatedly screwed up and gave me more kills. He came twice after, and both times I killed him.   Then this one time, Mordekaiser saw fighting happen bottom so he went to roam, I followed him and killed Ezreal. Now Ez found the shift key and started yelling in all chat about Mordekaiser being a noob and how we should all report him.   In the end of the game, Ezreal and Lee both said "9x noob morde" and Lee said "Get cancer faggot" in the end.   All because of a good gank from my jungler. People need to grow up, they need to learn to acknowledge that if your lane gets behind he needs help, and flaming isn't helping. Morde kind of seemed not to be interested in playing anymore after the Ezreal all chatting, and I don't blame him, I would lose interest as well.   But then, there's the other side to this. Mordekaiser started flaming at his whole team. This to me, is even worse than flaming someone who's doing bad. If you're getting complained about, don't fucking start a flame war with them. It's disgusting and despicable. You played bad, they got angry, no need for you to throw oil to the flames for no reason.
1	that's hilarious bc i just played a game where i didn't ban malphite right bc everybody knows there are much higher priority bans. So this guy flames that i didn't ban malphite, then picks zed instead of an ap champ. then he proceeds to die to malphite and those are malph's only two kills in the whole game. meanwhile i go 8-2 as graves and rape malphite and the rest of his team. at the end of the game zed says he was the best on our team and hopes i learn to ban malphite bc he's so op.
1	I'd like to believe this is all true and you're in the right here. However you have to understand, imagine you are curse... you're running a tournament with like TONS (thousands I believe at least?) of people. Many of those people REALLY want to win, they think this could be their ticket to a salaried league team (which it could be) they only care about winning. They will do anything to win.   So innevitibly we've already seen threads with tons of different cases of cheating and random stuff like that... however in the end when you are curse, and you have one person (you in this case) coming to them and saying "it was scheduled for 6:00 he was in game at 6:42 when I reported it as a forfit, heres a screenshot of him saying hes ingame and hes almost ready." Now you have the other guy saying "I tried to contact this guy to say I needed to reschedule earlier, he ignored me and I was unable to reschedule because of it." In the end you can't post a screenshot of proof that he didn't contact you. And yes, hashinshin could post a SS of him trying to contact you, but that seems a bit ridiculious to start SSing ALL conversations.   So now to curse, you basically have a 'he said', 'she said'. One party is claiming the other fucked them over somehow or broke some rules etc. Not to mention, the tournament has THOUSANDS of people, and since its 1v1, LITERALLY THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS of matches have happened and will happen... its so fucking huge and they probably have about 500+ other complaints on top of yours, some may be simple, but largely they will probably come down to two people claiming something else.
0	Other women experience reductions in libido while on the pill, or decreased lubrication. Some researchers question a causal link between COCP use and decreased libido; a 2007 study of 1700 women found COCP users experienced no change in sexual satisfaction. A 2005 laboratory study of genital arousal tested fourteen women before and after they began taking COCPs. The study found that women experienced a significantly wider range of arousal responses after beginning pill use; decreases and increases in measures of arousal were equally common.   [SOURCE](
1	After carrying out of terrible elo it'd be great to get more queue dodgers, more afkers, and more bad kids in the games I play....   Low elo players fail to play the game mechanically correct, in terms of just hitting buttons and clicking right, they lack any game theory concepts of how they should be playing and thus play semi-randomly, and lack any sense of timing. Everything that separates a chess match from coin flipping is lacking in their play.   1700 players have shown a grasp of the game and it's concepts and thus can improve on the aspects of their play that lack. Like starcraft a huge determining factor in pro play is based on timing and timing counters, so players at that level can learn from that. A new player can't learn from this because he has no framework of ideas to place it in, and doesn't understand the reasoning behind many of the decisions made.
0	Right, reddit proficiency test.  Okay I haven't read the comment section yet but I'm going to guess everything without looking.  Somebody reply and tell me if I am right.   Firstly there will be several different threads with one sided arguments frim Europeans and British commonwealth people talking about not just how Americans spell things wrong, but that they do everything wrong.  Mostly centered on temperature scales, pronunciation, education, health care, and treatment of foreigners.  The arguments for this are going to be based on strength in numbers, historical proof, practicality, and general dislike for all things American.  Of these arguments only historical proof will be counter-argued effectively and some people may exclaim that they learned something today.  Commonwealth countries will be rarely begin any argument, they'll generally follow a british person.  Though they will begin several threads by explaining that their country does various things "correct" as well.  I have very little doubt that the most common of these comments will be Canadians who will simultaniously distance themselves from their southern neighbors to the south.  The arguments will have a few Americans in them as well but they will either profess their dislike of America on this and broader subjects, or will attempt to claim that the primary problems stem from the south or republicans. God am I forgetting anything.  Oh right, there will be a few threads about politics within America sucking ass or just jabs at fox news.  Some british people will jokenly claim that they will one day reinstate the british empire to correct the various problems within their "colonies", but this will only be a half joke and they will feel a momnet of lacking in national pride at the thought of their past and distant glory.  It goes without saying that circle-jerking will be the primary form of the threads and very few actual progressive discussions will occur, this is reddit after all.  hopefully I've been here enough to be fairly correct with mu predictions otherwise my last few years on reddit will feel like a big waste.
1	There's a number of reasons. There's no secret that Ryze is better in Season 3 than he was in s2, due to the new items like Seraphs, and the fact his build path got buffed (easier/cheaper build paths).   In reality, most would argue that Twisted Fate is the most overpowered mid, because at the highest level he can win almost every lane, and win the game for his team with 2 good ultimates. His scaling is also borderline hypercarry status, as his late game burst/cc/damage/map control is EXTREMELY hard to deal with (with a 6 item build, he can 1v1 an AD carry that is separated from their team). If you go to elophant.com or lolking.net, you will see that TF's win rate at lower elo's is quite low, but at Plat and Diamond his win rate is absurdly high - this is because he is a very hard champion to play, with no real escapes, low base stats, and no shields or heals, thus only players who practice almost nothing but TF can play him effectively.   Now back to Ryze. Ryze can be shutdown much easier than Twist, hence why some people are arguing with Toyz' statement on Ryze being OP. Ryze can never have the same effect on a game that TF can, however that does not mean that in the hands of someone extremely skilled, he can make it through lane phase quite easily (which is his weakest phase), and then go on to become a hyper carry. Late game he has everything you could ask for, except short range spells, meaning he has to be tanky (but that's not an issue, as tank items such as Seraphs, ROA, Frozen Heart, and Banshee's Veil are core items, and extremely effective on Ryze). Ryze has an enormous powerspike when he hits level 6, as he can duel the enemy mid effectively.   The idea behind Toyz saying he's OP, is that from his point of view, a good Ryze player can either ask his jungler to show in the mid lane a few times until he hits 6 (he's easy to gank for with his W), or just play safely. He also, has no escape, however as Toyz stated he can viably go 21 points in the utility tree, to give himself the 3% movement speed bonus - this is huge for someone with no escape.   His late game DPS is only paralleled by AP mids such as Karthus, TF, Cassiopeia, Oriana and Lux. What separates him from all except Karthus, is that late game he thrives off being part of the front line of his team, while Cass, TF, Ori and Lux require more positioning, and are more prone to dieing if not being protected or peeled for. When you have a carry that doesn't need to be protected, all of the pressure is taken off of your team.   In reality some champions are reliable at high levels of play, and others are not. A skilled Ryze player can make it to late game with relative ease, especially with his easier build paths in s3.
1	ofc you're talking about early game.. If I have the right runes and masteries I can have 60 mr by level 1 with trundle.. trundle Q = insane regen, + 15 phys damages runes, herpderp phage ignite + R + afk auto hits on rumble -> herpaderpa firstblood. I'm really confident when I play against rumble. Most people aren't, but I don't see any reason of why you should be more afraid of him than of kennen or anyone else. When you got a problem (here the problem is Rumble), you deal with it, you don't just surrender to the problem because he does not let you farm. Furthermore, if he wanna cockblock your farm, he gotta use Q, which will push the lane, and all you have to do is wait under your turret, consumming a health pot, and waiting to freeze the lane and have the advantage over rumble later on. Rumble is good on early, but once you got your items too, he just becomes average.
1	IDK. If most Rek'Sai are burrowed most of the time then I would have to agree with you. If most Rek'Sai are above ground for most of the time, then I don't agree with you. Leona, Blitz, all of them need to activate an ability before they can interrupt Galio. This could be also said for Braum, but even him demand team mates to also be taunted for it to work.
1	My best advice is just to not give yourself the opportunity to get yourself depressed, or discouraged, and immediately que again. This is ONLY if you play in hopes to actually improve your ELO. If you don't care, just que up in an unranked game, try a new champion, just have fun.   It is VERY similar in SC2, but sometimes even to a greater extent, mainly because you have to accept that every time you lose a game isn't because of a bad teammate, but because of all the mistakes you made throughout the game. Obviously it doesn't feel good losing a game, especially when you realize that it was your fault, but you can't afford to just stop queuing if you really want to improve.   The first ranked game I played was a soloque, and I decided to take gangplank top, because at the time, he was my strongest champ. Things went south pretty quick when they sent a garen top. It was very discouraging being totally zoned and killed under my tower. MAN that was hard to take.   So as a solution, I kept on queing. Sure, your elo wont be the best for a while, but it really does make you a stronger player.
1	Indeed, you can find it on the fora. The problem many players including myself have is that they spent all RP and now can't buy anything, because even some new content such as ward skins and summoner icons costs RP. Yes, you will be able to buy new champs/skins, but in my opinion, they should have at least have said something, and let players save some RP for future purchases. New players receive 100kIP and 40kRP if I'm right. Still, they will not have as many champs as I do, but they will be able to buy much more with RP. Unfair, in my opinion. New players can purchase certain things that others can not.
1	It's against the rules but unless you wave your arms in the air saying this isn't my account you wouldn't have raised any red flags.   For all Riot knows you moved and are playing the game on a different IP.   It's one of those "spirit of the rules" things. They get their money by having you invest your time, which leads to things like XP or IP boosts and skins.   Also you aren't borrowing an account for riot, it's yours, they simply reserve the right to take it back if you break the terms of use.
0	it really seemed like my neighbours in college would fuck loudly whenever i really needed to get some sleep. one night, i'd had enough and played the solo section from "free bird" through my speakers at max volume while shouting "YEE HAW" at the top of my lungs and jumping around the room in order to drown out the noise/alienate them.   the next day, i saw them, expecting some sort of acknowledgement, but neither of them said anything about it. a few days later they were at it again, the girl in particular was quite a screamer. i mean, i guess females tend to be the guilty party in sex sound crimes, but, well, yeah she was loud by any standard.   i did it again, this time i tried to be louder.   once more they acted like it never happened, and shortly after they were screaming obscenities between our walls again.   finally i decided to ask them, but i wasn't man enough to be direct about it, so i said, "hey guys, would you say i've been playing my music too loud at all lately?"   they both shook their heads and told me that they never hear any noise from my apartment. like, what the fuck, how does that make any sense at all? how did they not hear my free bird hootenanny? my only guess is that because they were stoners, they might smoke out before going to bed, and therefore not be in tune to outside forces during the heat of the moment. but still...   anyway   i never tried anything like that again, and i listened to them fucking for the remainder of the time i lived there.
0	Just thought i'd toss this in there. Nothing said during a marriage ceremony has any inherent value unless you actually have the balls to man up to it. I'm a guy and i see old friends getting married and saying shit like this. They wont hold true to it. I know this, they know this, everyone they know knows it. Because they have no spine and are doing it out of societal obligation instead of personal revelation.   The real problem isn't that it shouldn't be said. By all means it SHOULD be said and you should back it up by making it work. You should date and get to know each other. Then make an educated decision based on experience over a long period of time. Then if the two parties are in agreement you submit your word and honor in a public ceremony and you own up to it. If you don't own up to it you should be ashamed of yourself and everyone there that witnessed you should be ashamed of you.   Life is going to suck on and off your whole life and if your life don't suck don't worry it will. When you get married guess what your lives and work situations aren't going to magically align perfectly. That means your going to have an issue and then right when you think its over. The person your with will most likely have an issue.  This cycle will repeat over and over. Every time either of you have an issue, Your going to be dragging the other person with you.   Marriage is about making a commitment to sacrifice yourself, your future, and your happiness. To try to make life just a little bit better for someone else. If both parties aren't worthless pieces of shit then it works fine... even if one of you are then you can make it work. The reason why marriages fail is because either A. you pussy out and the other person wont try to force you to work it out. or B. They do and you wont drag them kicking and screaming to success. or most likely C. You both do because your dumb and didn't realize life isn't a magical fairy island.   Subnote: I'm not married yet, probably will be sooner than later. I'm 24 male, i started working at 15 grew up in a family whose total income was 40k a year. Parents are still together fought constantly but they worked it out. I now work in IT making 80k a year i live in Texas I subscribe to no inherent religion though for the younger years of my life i did attend many churches Mormon, Catholic, Baptist.   I hope that dispels any "he must of grown up rich" or "he doesn't know how hard work can be".
0	I also have a "bipolar piece of shit mother", who was an extremely violent alcoholic, but I still keep in touch.  I myself was recently diagnosed with Bipolar 2, Severe PTSD, and I have pretty debilitating panic attacks.  I had no idea how "mentally unstable" I was until the panic attacks started, then I found out the rest.   My mother was verbally and physically brutal, knew just what to say to make me feel like hell.  Lied, manipulated, and stole to feed her addiction.  Physically fucked me up on several occasions.   I am much more understanding of the hell she put me through, I don't forgive her for it, but I now know where she was mentally, and so much shit that she did, and said makes a lot of sense now, even if it was shitty.  I do NOT let myself get caught up in her bullshit, and I learned when to say no.  I learned that contact was on my terms.  I learned that no matter how shitty she may have been to me, it was her mental illness that caused the self medication, and I learned that I still love my mother.  You only have 1 mother, and even if she's a 3 headed cunt deamon, you should know that that is not the real her.  The real her wants to be a fucking rock star of a mother, but due to her mental illness all she can be is shitty, hateful and distant.  The real her reacts before thinking, makes shitty decisions in the hopes that maybe, just maybe, she'll be happy for what quite literally may be the first time in her life.   It's easy to toss people away that are fucked up, especially if you don't know where they're coming from.  Don't lose your mother because of something she has no control over.  I am not making excuses for your mother, but having a fucked up momster of my own, and now finding myself in the same shoes has made me realize just how important keeping in touch with her is, she likely hates herself far more than you could ever, and those bad things that may have been said about her don't even touch the shit that her fucked up brain tells her about herself.  Be that person that she always wanted to be, but never could.  Don't get caught in her web, and don't expect her to change, but do know that she loves you, even if she was shitty at showing it.
1	ADC's shouldn't be some kind of role that gets literally shut out by a top laner with randuins or a midlaner with dfg. The whole idea here is that riot doesn't need to take stronger adc's and nerf them into the ground like they did sivir and draven but they need to make adcs exell at specific things. This is just a small example like lucian hes a lane bully he is meant to be that way and there's no reason to nerf him but champions like lets say quinn shes very unique in many ways but just the way she scales early and late make her an impossible champion to win with regardless if your good enough to solo carry. This isnt a good concept for a game because league has over 100 champions in it and about 17 are classified as adcs/marksman and i don't think i've seen anyone in challenger that mains adc and their top 3 champs aren't lucian, cait, sivir, or twitch. that's 3/4 out of 17 champions riot offers for marksman. Where the hell are the other 14??????????? They are useless and non-existent and for a good reason they cant deal with the season 4 meta of tanks being unkillable damage machines and mages that will instantly kill you even if you position well.
0	I was once locked in the my closet with a killer on the other side. I remembered I kept my gun in a small compartment at the bottom of the closet but of course my suborn wife told me to separate the gun and ammo for safety. So there I was locked in the closet with a gun and the closet bullet that I knew of was down two flights of stairs. I thought maybe if I acted like a crazy person with a gun when the killer came to get me waving the gun around and what not he might get freaked out enough for me to make a break for my ammo or just out of the house. The moment was nearing where I had to act. I heard foot steps coming to the door followed by him unlocking it. I took this opportunity to act kicking open the door swinging the gun around every which way screeching like some sort of wild animal in hopes it would catch him off guard. I was correct that it did startle him but just for a short moment before he gathered his state of mind. My heart sank as I realized my opportunity to escape came and went. He then reached out and snatched the gun out of my hand to which I tried to do the same to him. We both had a hand on the gun yanking it like we were playing tug a war with a rope and that is when it happen. THE GUN WENT OFF! I heard a loud bang. I was surprised, scared, and confused all at once. Wa ... was I the one who got shot? But how, the gun was empty? After a moment of shock I came to find the killer laying on the ground with a bullet hole right between his eyes. I was amazed I could have sworn the gun was empty, how can this be? I took back out the magazine to see if it really was loaded and somehow missed it at first glace but no, they clip was completely empty. I checked the chamber to see if there was another round in it but it was empty as well. I began to think even if there was somehow a single bullet in the chamber that I didn't check before hand what are the chances of landing a near perfect shoot on the man while fighting over the gun. To this day I have no idea how this situation happened and don't think of it as anything less than a miracle knowing I should be dead. This happened to me a little longer than seven years ago and not a day goes by that I don't think about it.
1	maybe its because riven stunned jax, where in jax was assisting in the dmg.. assuming jax killed riven, fiddle would have gotten an assist, vice versa, with that in mind, both champs where connected in the pursuit thus leading to riven "assisting" in any/either persons death..
1	1: No ability to remake     If someone doesn't like their composition or role, they can just disconnect at the beginning then, making people want to remake. But because you can't perfectly discern whether they did this intentionally, you cannot punish them for it.     2: Objectives leashing back randomly     I don't know how it's programmed but the monster should have a list of aggressors stored on it's object and its AI should just switch to the next one down the list if they're within a short range. It probably actually does this already. Maybe it's melee range and that's why it fucks up because melee range is so small and sometimes the jungler is just slightly outside of it? I'm shooting in the dark here with some development experience.     3: Randomness in general in a competitive game     You're right that can lead to unfair snowballs. I don't know if the game would be as fun without it, though. People really, really enjoy those lucky procs. At the end of the day it's a free game. It's only happenstance competitive for now. At some point that may change. There's so few people in the competitive scene versus how many players on league of legends, they would probably lose money removing that randomness due to dissatisfied players.     4: Inability to pause the game     Agreed.     5: Useless casters     Not all of them are bad like that, and I think there's probably a lack of interconnection between the players that are capable of that kind of casting and the staff that organize and run these events.      6: No voice in chat     Very controversial decision. On the one hand it makes team communication possibly easier. On the other hand it can enables another venue for harassment/trolling. They probably are talking about this. A big issue I can see is that they cannot keep an audit trail because recording audio for millions of players would far surpass their budget, and that would be their only evidence for tribunal cases involving verbal harassment.      7: Lack of Utilities and customization in the client     They already made extra money from a banner customization. This may be seen as a stepping point for future profit.     In all likelihood they might not have engineered the client to be very supportive of modding in the first place.       8: Current meta discourages ganking     If you blow someone's flash you can just gank them again soon after, using your own flash to secure a kill. I think you're focusing in on a really small subset of matches.     I don't know that I think it really discourages ganking, but one thing I think that might be able to encourage more ganking is if you made towers do more damage to minions than to players. That way if you push someones wave to their tower it really makes them guaranteed lose out rather than many champions being able to safely farm at tower.       9: Current ban limit is too low     The strategy designers I'm SURE talked about this for hours, and having more bans may result in several negatives:     1.) ban all the counters to your champion, while still being able to ban the FOTM. Instant guaranteed advantage for you.     2.) More people dodging as their favorite champs are more likely to be banned, which makes your game wait time take longer.     In regards to the final thing you mentioned, there are many many many more uncompetitive LoL players than competitive ones. Increasing the time it takes for your game to start will likely make more people unhappy than not-- even on ranked.       10: Terrible Shop UI     My guess would be that this is in the works and might be released for the launch of Season 3. They may have other things to worry about that are taking up the time of their designers/developers.     11: Dumbed-down concepts     I think flash brings just as much to the table as it takes from it. Flash enables you to capitalize on mistakes just as much as escape your own busts. I think that one get-away free card makes for games that are less snowbally. This ties back into the problem with snowballing. If you lack escape mechanisms as a champion you're much less likely to be viable in high level play because one mistake means your tower is gone and 750 gold for the enemy team.     You can deny minions from your opponent through physical aggression or pushing their wave to their tower. Doing this makes you more susceptible to ganks usually but ward vision gives you more of a confidence in doing so, as well as knowing where their jungler typically is, based on timers. Your jungler can also camp the lane with you while you deny minions and give you a positional advantage during a counter-gank. I think denying is very prevalent and important to high level play.       12: Snowballing is too strong     I don't really know much about this. My thought would be what's the % of wins in starcraft, chess, dota when people make a few mistakes early in the match?     13: Not currently satisfied with the rules regarding dodging     Definitely a tough problem. I think it was okay how it was with the elo penalty now that disconnects are mostly removed from champion select.     14: Fanboyism     I don't know how to respond to this. I feel like it's in every game anyway but maybe Reddit poorly emphasizes the wrong parts about it.     15: Itemizaton is too simple     This is actively being worked on i'm sure of that and we'll see something in season 3.
0	I took a women studies course in college with a friend , we were the only males in the whole class... Over the days a particularly vocal female attacked us for being male many times, one day she was particularly aggressive at which point I stood up and said i identify as a female and we are a queer couple. I asked her to stop oppressing me. Let me just say she never spoke out against us again.
1	Notable events:     After ~2 min of /all chat laughter, our secret plan was to steal their buffs.  They did the same thing.  Some of us buy machete items for an unknown reason.  I forgot to buy start. items because I'm laughing so hard.     Our team declares that this is now an ARAM game.  They don't object, and all come mid.  Our team plays it straight: No B unless death, no jungle, no top/bot.     They destroy us for the first ~20 minutes, getting to inhib turret.  Quickly they have a 20 kill lead, at least. Xin Xhao won't stop shouting 'wa kai pan' and suiciding and I try to see how many cleavers I can hit in a row (~18).     Before ~20 min, they break the pact first. Eve is periodically pushing top w/ Maokai.  We start warding and also find them in our jungle but we try to play straight ARAM, only responding to their "secret" top/bottom pushes by killing a few waves to protect turret     Right around now, there's a dance party at Baron for ~1 minute.  I call for a betrayal of the peace on skype and we initiate w/o any focus.  We're deservedly ace'd.     Regardless, by ~25, they've pushed all lanes to inhib.  We have their mid at inhib turret.     30 min: We're tired of losing and start split pushing back, finishing builds, and warding like crazy.  Start of TryHard.exe.  I also call it 'Wiggle's Lantern' around now and no one lets it go.     We gank them hard, they lose their aggression, only periodically taking one of our inhibs.     Phase II of TryHard.exe: We ward their base like...a lot.  We ward their base so much they oracles / pink ward everywhere.  But the damage is done.  We're teleporting into their base constantly and with little organization.     Not caring about deaths, we all just keep killing ourselves to destroy the rest of their base     Victory.  Their team tells us to report Tristana for unknown reasons.     I honor everyone on their team.  Receive 0 honor in return.
1	When I created an account in Brazil to play with a foreign friend, at level 17 we were matched against two Pain gaming players.   I was mid as TF I think and was completely rolled by their Lissandra.   Brazil, at the time, had such a small player base that matchmaking was all over the place.   In NA I have had similar experiences but it's usually because of the way duo/groups work. You get like a level 30 playing with several low levels. Highest I've ever went against in NA doing that is probably Diamond though.
1	More than likely the other two remaining Darkin, seeing how strong the champions raised by the first three had gotten, banded together to create the a fighter to trump all other fighters.   They toiled and strategized, what would beat such unstoppable warriors?  What is their weakness?  They are all so strong, no one could ever win in a fair fight...   Then it became apparent.  The two remaining Darkin put forth their efforts to create a champion who would never, ever fight fair.   While the other champions have great power, if they could not reach their target, they could not strike it, therefore is must have  great range  and  great speed  such as to whittle them down before they could engage.   They realized that all good warriors have some way to get in close, but even up close, they must still hit to deal damage.  Therefore they must be rendered  blind  so that their attacks would not strike true.   Finally it is known that rage is the greatest weapon, and what greater way to inflict rage, than by dealing pain from an  invisible  source?   Thus not only must the new Darkin champion be able deal damage from invisible sources, but also must be able to turn  himself  invisible.   Their scheming complete, satisfied for now, the two final darkin retreated to watch as screams began to swell forth from the rift.   Their brothers may have shown the rift true strength, but they knew they had shown it....  pure terror .
1	Similar thing happened to me yesterday. I normally play jungle, but when I was setting up my runes and such, a person kindly asked if he could because he hadn't in a while. I said that's fine and went top, because I need a lot of practice top laning.   I get there as Mundo against a Fiora. She has Ignite and Exhaust, and she thinks she can out duel my E at level 1. We exchange a few hits and she's down to about 25% hp and I'm at 65%. She goes back to turret to eat some potions, and I start farming. As all of this is happening I'm noticing all of her weaknesses, but then she exhausts me, then ignites me and then their WW comes out at level 3. Needless to say I die. Shaco comes and tries to gank but he's only level 2, and she's not 4 and she eats him.   Before 35 minutes I'm 1/8/4 and this blitzcrank on my team would not stop calling me a noob and how I fed top lane, but even when I'm 2 levels under her, with no gold items I can still almost kill her every time because the fiora was playing badly, just fed.   Game goes on for about 53 minutes. Our Talon is 9/2/7 and being really supportive, being helpful and such. I end the game at 7/9/14 while the blitzcrank ends at 4/9/3 with 80 farm less then me(He wasn't supporting he stole farm all game).
1	What do you learn from the timers? It isn't something that you can get used to playing with in normals and then transition it to ranked, you still have to manually time after disabling the auto timers again, unlike the graphical tower range in bot games which help you learn the tower ranges.
1	As a Brazilian player i can pretty much tell you that we had some major improvement about trolls and that stuff. Here's a tip if you want to be away from trouble: Play draft/ranked only. It wont save you from trolling and that stuff, but it'll help you alot. The real problem is about queues: When i queue up with an 1.3k friend (i'm 1.2k) we sometimes get players from 800 to 1.9k.   I just love those guys saying that the brazilian community is FULLY toxic. IMO it's as toxic as all other communities, but you'll know when a toxic one is a brazilian.
1	is it fair to give teams that is winning for the vast majority of games an unfair chance at teams that only play well for the last 10%? if this were true, people would ONLY play late-game champions. this would mean you would see no early game stats, as they would not influence the outcome of the game and therefore, why take the risk?   League is a game of risk/reward comparisons, teams are just getting better and better at holding leads compared to, for example, seasons 2. teams just  know  how to play so that if they get a lead, they secure it. there just is not a set of plays against the current strategies to holding a lead. this puts it on the players/teams to come up with those strategies, not a vast alteration of the game to make the strategies for them.
1	Probably a diamond smurf going up the ladders. He has good records on all the champs he plays and his MMR is probably high. he has a good win/loss ratio. So don't worry, he won't stay in your leagues for long. The sudden increase doesn't necessarily mean its ELO boosting. The lolking score stays low if you don't play often. Like a smurf account.
1	The stupid obstacles your talking about is literally playing 20 games to unlock a champion. Is 10 champions every week not enough for the people who don't want to spend RP (or IP for whatever reason)?   So let me get this straight you playing a game where champions or heros are the core content of the game. They are literally the most important part of the game. The way they interact with other hero's the diversity among them. And you find it acceptable to grind or pay your way to the biggest part of a game. 10 hero's free is less than 10% of Leagues hero pool its not enough. If I could pay a flat 60$ for all the champion I would and I might consider playing league again. But grinding out the most important part of the game is stupid. Whereas in dota I click install and every hero is available to me immediately. Don't tell grinding champions is OK. Because its not.   >The piece of crap client isn't a mistake. Let me note LoL was created YEARS before Dota 2 was even announced, making a lot of the tech NOT innovative. If the game is running on a worse engine, it makes many things significantly harder to adjust.   1 everything possible gameplay wise in dota 2 exists in Warcraft dota 1. Its all possible in a 10 year old game. Hell Warcraft 3 dota had functioning replays which league still does not have. Also voice chat has existed for decades on PC gaming and the "most popular " PC game does not support it???? Because its "toxic" bullshit. The reason replay or voice chat doesn't exist is because its a shit game.   Riot may release a updated client and engine but it will still be light years behind source a engine that was created by a company with a  3rd of the staff riot has. Hell source was a fps engine now its being used for a ARTS. And is being updated into source 2 while nothing was wrong with it in the first play.
0	I'm black, and for so long, I've felt the opposite... while all my friends were chasing big asses and thick thighs that rubbed together... I was only into the tall thin ones... or the sprinters on the track team with the 4 pacs and maybe a round booty...
1	Here's the thing, I fucking love LoL but don't have that much time to play. I've been playing a few games consistently for about a year and a half and only have around 800 games played total.   I'm a pretty solid player, though I have my bad games. I never played ranked in season one, and waited until I had mastered at least a few champs for every roll (other than my main role of AP mid which I can competativley play around 10) and had rune pages before I jumped in ranked.   I won 6 straight when I went in to ranked, and after a month of playing one or two games a day if I'm lucky I got to about 1450 and was pretty excited. Over the past few weeks though, I have dropped to barely 1300. I lead my team 9/10 times, help my lanes, NEVER rage or do anything but help, have been told countless times by the other team that I was a good player, and have even had my team apologize to me.   I firmly believe I could play competently in 1700+ ELO, but due to the fact that I can only play a hand full of games a week holds me back. When you lose that one ranked game for the day, there is no coming back, you can't review what you did wrong and then do better next time, because all the emotion and mental preparation is gone by the time I get to play next.   Sometimes there is literally nothing you can do to gain ELO, and the only fluxuation is by total luck. I don't believe in ELO hell, but I do believe that the lower your ELO is, the less people care or know how to play the game. This exists at all ELO but the chances of being put on a team with those people is exponentially higher at low ELO.   The biggest things I notice are lack of wards and lack of farm. I don't understand why 2/5 players on my team at least don't care about farming at all. They go full tilt against their enemy until one of them is dead regardless of matchups or junglers and end up with 80 cs at 25 minutes. This is silly, even at 1350 ELO.   Another huge thing is jungling. I'll see lanes (mostly bot) complain about lack of jungle ganks or presence, yet they fail to realize that there are several wards and it is very difficult for a jungler to gank that lane, and his time would better be spent between top and mid.   Likewise I see that people seem to not grasp that some champions are nigh impossible to gank and it is far better to let that lane farm unless they are so extended it is a gauranteed kill. (Ahri, Kassadin, etc).   Anyway sorry for my rant, but
0	Only people without kids have enough time to be "offended" at something like this...   I'm giving you the first number that pops into my head most likely in months because of a recent milestone doctor visit...
1	Hope you don't mind me disagreeing, but a under her tower leona is a lot more useful than a close tou your tower leona. The stun lock all-in potential is awesome for a lane gank of the jungler, since leo can keep the opposing adc locked enough time for the vi/lee/elise/fiddle/xin to get there. when she is close to your turret, UNLESS their far ahead enough for a SoloQ uncoordinated dive [in that case, your lane's lost anyway], she is useless since she can't use CC on you. I like to freeze up the lane near my turret or at maximum in the middle of the lane, so my supp can: 1- Harass her 2- Be able to push out the other adc if she all-ins and making enemy adc have a hard time running away 3- help me run to my on turret and sustain back. [depending on the support picked].
0	As someone with a name that causes operators to laugh out loud, teachers to snicker and ask if it's a typo, cops let me go because they needed a good laugh, I don't care if someone makes fun of my name. Absolutely true that I've heard. 99.9% of them before. The first comment is the same for almost everyone. I know it's coming and that people can't help themselves. Depending on the age and gender of the person it slowly or quickly takes a turn for the perverse and NSFW. I was never personally bullied in school. Someone had a problem with me and they'd make fun of my name, never me, what I looked like, or what I wore. If they weren't very original I'd start giving them better, funnier options. I'd mock them for lack of imagination. That game usually ended pretty quickly and they'd leave me alone. A quick wit is scary to those who don't have one. I love my name. Everyone remembers it, it protected me when I was a big dork looser in high school, and now it reminds me that I'm my father's daughter.
0	I understand what you're saying and I don't disagree, per se. Change is slow. Society is evolving and it will continue to evolve in the direction of equality for the foreseeable future. I wouldn't be surprised if the changes you mention begin to take shape in the next generation or two. Remember, less than 100 years ago, women couldn't even VOTE. In under a century, the gender gap has closed considerably.   Will they ever be "equal"? No. Because men and women aren't equal. Women are tasked with the role of bearing children (if they so choose to have children). That automatically puts them into a position of weakness. Women generally make less than male counterparts because many, if not most, women pause their careers to start families and raise children while men traditionally follow their career to pay for it. Yes this is changing and we see more stay at home dads being socially acceptable, but I don't expect to ever be "equal". It's just a biological thing we as human beings must accept.   Furthormore, speaking to biology, women are generally smaller than men and forces them into socially into a position of submissiveness. Sure, we aren't clonking our women on the head with a club and raping them in a cave like animals, but our biological differences cannot be ignored. These biological differences shape our social dogma. It traditionally puts men into positions where they are expected to "claim and court their mate" because they are in the biological category of "dominance". They are expected to "fix cars" because they are "stronger". While women are expected to "raise children" because they are "more caring".   We can see how much society has changed by looking at our previous generations, but to expect true equality or to ignore biological differences is ludicrous. To answer your question, I don't think society will ever reach that point completely, but I believe we will see society continue to head in that direction.
0	Came here to find the age of said sister. Sounds at most under 18 and likely less than 15.  So my comment would be 'Calm the fuck down'. The dog is not psychologically scarred in any way. The dumb shit you do when you start to figure out what feels good around your crotch would be embarrassing for anyone.  There is an extremely small likelihood this will continue as a regular practice for her.  You seem as though you're quite young yourself so I'll tell you as you get older get ready to discover that Every. One. You. Know. Or. Will. Meet. is into something that someone else would consider Taboo. They most likely don't involve animals, but they all have some  thing  they get off on/to.  Maybe consider being a loving older sister she can GO to with questions who won't JUDGE her based on some ignorant code of morals.
1	I wouldn't be sad for EUW. NA is very childish. The most neutral and lightest of jokes and comments are seen as EXTREMELY TOXIC. Its actually really horrible to play here. You basically can't say anything to these people and when you don't, they get mad because you're not talking to them when they ask incredibly stupid questions. first pick ignite-flash-Syndra locked in: "r u go mid, dude?" half a second later: "WTF answer retard!" someone else: "Yea syndra trolling" another player: "stupid fucking Syndra so toxic FML someone dodge". I'm thoroughly convinced those players are still trying to figure out which lane I was going to even after I won the game for them starting mid.   Be happy you can actually communicate with your teammates. Even if you have to take a lot of flak with it. All these extremely pleasant NA gods are really very difficult and spiteful people.   If people don't get along with you then maybe, just maybe: you might be hard to get along with.
1	She doesn't offer the utility or tankyness that you want from a top laner, so if you are going to pick her, I suggest using her mid.   I play her as an assassin similar to Talon, she is good at getting into the backline and taking down the squishies fast. I consider her quite bursty, but not as much as Talon. You don't want to stand there and auto attack until either you or the enemy dies.   In teamfights, try standing near the sides looking for an opening and if you find one just go ham on the squishiest target you can find, usually the AD, after you've used all your spells run away just before your E fades, this will give you a nice MS boost so you can go wait for cooldowns, but usually your combo should be enough to bring down the AD.   If you can't find an opening just dance around the enemy bruisers, your block, 2 dashes and high MS and lifesteal should allow you to be relatively safe compared to many AP mids.   Your weaknesses are mainly the buggy ultimate which is canceled by a lot of spells(memorize them all) and you don't bring any CC. Also, many people don't like having an AD mid, but with all the armor penetration that has become available in season 3 it's not that much of a problem. Hard CC hurts, so be careful when picking her, and if you do pick her against hard CC, know when to go in and when to stay back, she's like the old Katarina in that way.   Also, I really like Botrk on her, and I don't think Hydra is worth the money.
1	Low tier runes can cost 5 to 35 IP. You can really only have 19 slots available to you before considering buying T3 runes. (1 slot per level, T3 runes unlocked at lv20)   With some math I'm sure someone can calc how much a page could cost, but just for the sake of the arguement I'm sure the most you'd probably end up spending at LV19 is about 1500 IP. That's less then T3 Quints.   Runes are pretty damn fair before you hit LV30 where you probably spent over 150 hours at this point. I hardly consider this "new". You're already hooked on the game.   Low tier runes cost almost nothing to begin with, it won't set you back to buy a rune or 5 every time you unlock a Rune Slot, you'll have a lot of leftover IP to buy pretty much any champ you want,  T3 Runes is where it sets you back but at this point you've spent a lot of time playing and already probably bought a skin or two.   Really once people have spent so much time in the game they are more willing to buy champs with RP because they save IP for T3 runes, and then buy a skin.
1	There are a couple of differences between zephyr and BotRK. 1) Attack speed 2) life steal 3) movement speed 4) cooldown reduction 5) passives.   Zephyr gives more attack speed and cdr. It also gives tenacity which helps with the amount of both hard and soft CC the enemy comp had. BotRK gives you life steal and a passive that is very effective against tanks. The enemy team did not have a very tanky member like shyv or renekton so BotRK was not a favorable pickup.
0	I want to come clean. I originally made this meme because I really do hear people say "conversate" a lot, but I too fell victim to using this word that is actually not a word. I remember like it was yesterday.... I was talking to someone, I used "conversate" in a sentence and they politely corrected me. Initially I felt embarrassed about my mistake but then almost immediately I felt relieved because it was in that moment that I knew I would never screw up when using the word converse ever again. It was like a stranger came up to me to tell me "Hey, I don't want to make this weird but you have a booger on your face. Just thought I would let you know because I would have wanted someone to do the same for me..." That brave stranger is a life saver in my book.
0	Dear OP,   I do not celebrate my birthday. I do not  like  celebrating my birthday. I don't celebrate it with my family, and they have the decency to not force cake and ice cream on me, a diabetic guy, to celebrate something I do not wish to celebrate.   So, what makes  you  feel so entitled?
1	I don't think it's out of control. And posts with this kind of "titles" only contribute to make people think CLG has more problems that they really do (they have problems, that's for sure). I'm not saying you do that on purpose but it wasn't out of control at all in my opinion.   They are trying to develop a new call system, it's natural to start fighting or screaming if they mess up something. When i play LoL with friends we rage sometimes when someone stop listen and go berserk. I was watching both CLG and Curse streams and holy mother... I really understand why the teams tends to have a people to make the calls, 5 guys talking at the same time don't work at all.   Hotshot said in a recent interview that Saint was the one who make the calls back when he was on CLG. Now they are trying with Chauster. As a fan of CLG I hope they can work a good communication system to focus only in the game.
1	While I admit that my post-laning Vel'koz is a bit subpar, I've found Vel'koz to be extremely deadly in lane as you can often harass and cs at the same time with a well-timed w, e, or q and q+e makes you VERY difficult to gank. Honeslty, having played midlane against bronze 5's in normals, Bronze I all the way up to Silver I in S3, and Bronze 3 to Silver 5 in S4, I would say that most low elo midlaners are god awful at csing (I can be under constant harassment and zoning, rarely able to get in range to even attempt a last-hit which I will gladly admit I'm iffy at until around level 4-5, and still manage to easily out cs my opponent if they're not at least firmly low silver) and, well, until you hit low-silver they will just generally focus a lot more on trading skills (and generally being low on mana) with the enemy laner while trying to avoid enemy harass, but be vulnerable to early ganks, proper trading and consideration of creep mechanics and manipulation.   In other words: if you can last hit, get jungle pressure, or properly time your all-in you should be able to win lane pretty easily. With vel'koz, you honestly just need to know when to all-in. Hell, I've been killed by a vel'koz in lane simply because of a ping/lag spike letting him get a full combo off blowing me from nearly full health (I'd been dodging his skill shots and letting him take the free creep damage while mainly focusing on my own cs up until this point) to dead in the time it took my ping to come back down to normal (it really only takes, what, a second or so to get off a full combo and you can get a knock-up and slow in with that as well plus any ignites or AA's you need to finish). I love playing Vel'koz, but even as someone who'd already gotten in maybe 5 games with him by that point I was amazed by his ability to get down a little burst and with his relatively good mana regen versus mana usage it really just comes down to making sure you group and don't get targeted by any assassins or at least use a Zhonya's/have your team ready to peel as Vel'koz is very powerful if he can actually survive to get his damage off.
0	I was this girl! A bunch of my classes throughout college used WebCT, a web-based lecture supplement dealy where profs could post slides and have online quizzes and stuff. It had a discussion board section and you could attach files to your posts, so I'd upload my excellent, awesome, thorough, really well-organized notes before every exam. I was taking them digitally anyway, so why the hell not share? Also it got to the point where I got so used to sharing my notes that I wrote them specifically to be easy for other people to understand, and now that I'm graduated, friends who are taking the same classes I did are still asking for them.
0	I fully appreciate that if you lost a dog, that would not mean as much to you as your father dying.  But what need is there to compare the validity of grief between two people in different situations?   If you must, maybe it's worth considering what it means to her.  Maybe she lives alone, and doesn't have any friends that spend time with her outside of work.  So, basically, that dog was the only living being that she willingly related to on a daily basis.  Maybe it cheered up a lonely and otherwise empty life every day, and was a constant presence outside the office.  Maybe that dog bringing his leash to her or trying to get her to play is the thing that more often then not got her off the couch at night, or kept her from sleeping past noon every weekend.  Maybe all of her hobbies revolved around the dog... (dog park, dog walks, dog shows).  If you have a little pal who's with you when you exercise, when you eat, when you do chores, and when you lounge around at night, that pal becomes a giant part of your life, and there is a tremendous emotional investment there.  If they are suddenly ripped away from you, every moment of your home life becomes a reminder.  You can't cook without seeing the empty spot he used to watch you work in.  You can't watch TV without accidentally reaching over to scratch a head that isn't there.  Instead of coming home to a burst of excitement and happiness at the door, you have to come home to a quiet lonely room.  When a dog owner feels down, she can go hug her buddy and know--every time--that some little being is happy that she's there, no matter how much of a bad mood she's in.  Take all that away, add the feeling that you lost your best friend, and consider the isolation inherent in the fact that most people around you are seeing your grief and instead of sympathizing, are thinking "why doesn't she stop making a big deal about this and get a new one?"...and I think you can understand that the loss of a dog can be an enormous blow for a particular type of person.   Perhaps there are many people who would criticize anyone who lets a dog become that important to them, but once it is done, you have to recognize that having your best pal suddenly ripped away from you (as is often the case with dogs) can be very painful.  All she was trying to convey to you is that she understood the feeling of loss, and shared with you the most recent or powerful thing that has aggrieved her.   How does it even occur to you to think it's insulting that her pain doesn't come from exactly the same type of loss as yours?
0	TIP: when you are finished your smoke instead of flicking it on the ground or throwing it in the trash and risking a fire, put your still burning butt back in your pack, it will smoulder out when you close the pack and you can toss the butt safely in the garbage later. Your pack will smell like an ashtray until you dispose of the butt, but as a smoker you already smell like an ashtray so no biggie. I smoke and no matter how much I wash my hands, chew gum etc, I still smell like a cigarette. This works for partial smokes when your break is cut short and you dread the financial loss of tossing an almost full smoke. When I put a lit cig in my pack people look at me like I'm a crazy pyro, but it extinguishes quickly.
0	Had this with a close friend when I moved across the country after graduating school. We both had a huge crush on each other, but both of us were too afraid to make a move. Over the years, we drifted apart and didn't talk as much. We're both happily married to different people, but there are times I wonder of there could have been something more between us if I had taken the chance.
0	I have been a redditor for years, and don't comment often, but had to log in to post this.   So, I know this girl, was on this trip, and was behind my buddy Dave when he took this picture.   I was very surprised to see this here. She is definitely not an entitled person, and while her parents are not destitute (I have met them), they are also nice people who work hard for what they have and do.   I know that the girl in this picture worked hard and saved up to go on this trip, and the only reason she has been to all seven continents so early, is because she is driven to do so, and worked hard to make that happen. She also has family and friends that she has stayed with in many different countries, which allows her to travel cheaper --- the same thing I have done many times.   I also know that while she might like fame, she doesn't deserve it for this meme, but rather her own accomplishments.   I would confirm this, it would be as simple as posting one of the pictures of her and I from a different angle, but I refuse to give any more meme ammunition, or release any more of her personal information.   Most memes are funny, this one is just full of spite, and she doesn't deserve it.
1	The only champs I find that really benefit from rageblade are Nidalee and to a lesser extent Ezreal. Nidalee unlike Ashe Udyr and Akali has the ability to constantly spam abilities to keep the stacks up even when minions aren't around. Ashe has literally no need for ability power and therefore no need for rageblade. Udyr should only be built either tanky or dps, neither benefit from ability power so again its a waste. Akali does benefit from both ability power and ad but is doing her job wrong if she is staying combat long enough to build meaningful stacks.
1	thing is when you look at the staff around the other teams fnatic is still lacking in that deparment. Soaz still is not motivated to full extent,idk what the hell with the Cyanide bench fest. I mean the guy literaly is the only jungler that fits towards the playstyle of Soaz and Xpeke. Look at s3 and their playstyle, it revolved around Xpeke and Soaz, now since Rekkless joined the gold distribution changed and they have started playing more of less supportive champions (lulu top), and most of the times their games revolve around Rekkless getting fed.
1	I just finished a game with trollpick trynd bot for adc, because he felt like it and "normal is for fun". In which universe fun is feeding the whole game and leaving the lane, so that other adc could get fed?   Am i mad? Yea, i am, because i play mostly normals, and i play them seriously - to win and learn the game, not to waste my time, because someone likes to "have fun". Do not play team games if you like that kind of play - go "have fun" in FPS or RTS games, where you can play 1v1, and when you want to lose intentionally, because you "feel" like playing that champ and when there's 99% chance that you will get outpicked, you can lose without annoying others.
1	It's a combination of things. TSM IS really that good. They also are more solid team wise.  They're more integrated than CLG. I think if CLG had swapped jungle for jungle, they probably would have done well but still lost. Having Hotshotgg learning jungle AND integrating a new top lane into the team really hurts them. Doubly so against a team as good as TSM. I also think SV did a really good job of reigning Doublelift in from solo queue mode. He seemed to be the first one to yell for doublelift to quit afk farming and come team fight. That'll get worked out as the team meshes more.
1	I can definitely say that is not the case. In the world environment (or server) of the game is multi-threaded, meaning that all code dealing with Yasuo is independent of the code dealing with enemy champions (code that only applies to themselves), it's best to leave them independent until they absolutely 100% need to interact. This leads to easy bug fixing involving champion interactions because it narrows down the problem so much.
1	Send a support ticket.   Laggy server may end up sending information again and again, piling up the decline hits and triggering the ban.
0	I once had a really bad trip on LSD that ended up occuring in the woods. I was meandering around after somewhat coming back to reality trying to figure out what I'm going to do when I noticed a fawn curled up under a little tree. I don't know what it was about this fawn but I could feel it staring through me with it's big black eyes. I wasn't even sure it was real as it was the only living thing I had come across since I got into the woods and well acid. I didn't bother it or anything but I knew it's mother would be back soon and the acid had begun pulling me into another direction so I left it alone.
1	you need a team that is coordinated, thats why he is so op in soloQ. (and the utility kha is the new problem in LCS, his soloQ build/playstyle didn't change much)   He gets wrecked by a well played thresh or leona tho. I hate those supports. even a good morgana is suprisingly good against him, if u can hit the q.   A good Kha'Zhix waits for an opportunity to jump in during a teamfight, because in a soloQ game nobody can scream: KHA KHA KHA. and he needs them resets. so if you engage on kha you will have a pretty good chance to win the fight, he isnt that reset heavy than katarina but still. If you can somehow catch him you should engage a fight since now he can't wait for an opportunity.   He's also a bit broken now because if you catch him he troll u a bit with evolved ult, then just run out and still can wait for his resets.   I play/main Kha and in soloQ im 23/3 with him atm but in ranked 5's I'm like 7/5 or something. if the team is coordinated you can't really do enormous damage. then you should go for the insec utility build.
0	What I'm implying is that women may be more likely to report being cheated on than men possibly because of this cultural phenomenon (American in particular. I cannot say with certainty how prevalent it is elsewhere within westernized society) that a man is supposed to be fully self-reliant, aggressively proud, and emotionally stable-- if not completely masking emotion altogether. In other words: men may not want to report being cheated upon because it may show a sort of cultural 'weakness' that they may not want to display, which may lead to why evidence seems conflicting to you.
1	I think more emphasis needs to be added on how much of an underdog KaBum was this game. Alliance is the #1 team out of Europe, said by many to be the West's only chance against the mighty Korean teams in terms of winning the whole tournament. KaBum is a team from Brazil, which has a small but developing League professional scene. KaBum was not even the clear favorite to make it out of their region, let alone take down a prominent team in the World's tournament. Alliance also had recently beaten NaJin White Shield, a Korean team favored by many to make it to the finals, extremely convincingly.   There was a fair amount of controversy as to whether these wild card teams from weaker regions should be even allowed in the tournament, as they are easily defeated by the superior regions. KaBum's win puts Alliance at a record of 3-3, and placing them volatile to being knocked out of the group stages.
1	Well, just too bad that most people, especially at lower Elos are trash. The picking order takes highest to lowest Elo into account, so let's say you are the second pick with 1400 Elo, and the last pick often is <1250 because he duo'd with his 1500 Elo friend who is first pick. If you are lucky, they go bot and last pick picks support. Too bad that most of the time he still wants mid or top, which, unfortunately, is picked by the enemy first pick with ~300 Elo more. GG you just have a small chance of a positive outcome for this game now.   Also, in Solo Q it's really stupid to trust your teammates, any high rated player will tell you this. So either duo this shit up homeboy, or be a selfish fuck and play vs. everyone, even the 4 peasants in your team. Pick your preferred role (never support), steal their buffs, kills, cs, everything and mute those goddamn mules, for they have nothing worthwhile to say.
1	I'm gonna make a really unpopular statement. It wasn't a nerf. This change, because it wasn't a buff either, was made to change how blitz was played. The "W" utility is now to make him more efficient at catching people out for picks. There were plenty of times when you're trying to chase someone as blitz and can't catch them. The initial burst of MS actually is better for catching up to the person for the pick than his old "W". On top of that this makes you think rather than mindlessly spamming hooks. Kudos for riot, IMO, in trying to bring a champion with a low skill cap into the future of the game.
0	It sounds like she has [Borderline Personality Disorder]( and may or may not have bipolar disorder.  The two usually go hand in hand though, esp. in women.  She's probably Type II if anything.  Type Is can go days without sleeping, feel euphoric, and often have delusions and hallucinations.  Not too many people are Type I.   I recommend you learn everything you can on BPD.  Figure out a way to work with her in the bounds of her disorder.  If that means finding a way to leave her, then so be it.  If it means finding a way to love her again, then I applaud you for trying.  Many people with BPD end up being left by their partners, which is unfortunately the exact thing they're trying to prevent (Criteria 1:  Frantic efforts to avoid real or imagined abandonment).   If she's ever attempted suicide before I would be extremely cautious with what you do.  Things can be very black and white to someone with BPD.  If you're not paying attention to her, she may see that as the worst possible thing you've ever done to her, and find ways to get your attention, including self harm attempts.  If she fails at getting your attention and does not attempt to harm herself, the next defense mechanism is usually to [devalue]( you.  On the other hand, even the smallest positive gesture may seem like the best thing you've ever done for her.  These idealization and devaluation episodes are one of the main components of BPD.   It is possible to modify her behavior with some behavior modification of your own.  Once you learn how someone who has BPD works, you can coax out some positive behaviors.  I would just be careful because if you change your behavior towards her, instead of idealizing you, she may become paranoid.  Paranoid ideation can also be a part of BPD.  She may become convinced you are cheating, or that you're hiding something else.   She may also be willing to try therapy, with the promise (empty or not) that you will stay with her.  [Dialectical Behavior Therapy]( is very common for those with BPD.  If nothing improves between you, you can always hope that the therapy she went through has given her a new set of coping skills, so that when you do leave her you don't have to worry about her ending up in a hospital or worse.   Anyway, my advice is to try getting her well before you leave her.  I'm speaking from personal experience, and that's all I'm going to say.
0	I'll tell you a little story and maybe it'll make you reconsider even getting the police involved at all. This will be ruinous for your daughter socially with her peers and, most likely, she won't be able to trust you with major issues in her life if you overreact and call the police.   When I was 15 my younger sister had a friend that would always come over. She was known to be a bit of a tartlette, would always wear revealing clothes, lots of make-up, very flirty with the neighborhood boys, and had sex on numerous occasions. She was also 13 years old. One day she came over to our house to use the pool with my sister, and stayed way later than she should have. By the time she got home she was in a ton of trouble.   Fast forward two days later and the police show up, handcuffed me, threatened me with juvenile detention, etc.. for what? Apparently, she had gone home, and when her father exploded on her, she told him a sob story that my younger brother and I had held her down with a knife and threatened to rape her. My parents were shocked, and looked at them incredulously before laughing. They explained that my brother and I are BOTH GAY. I mean, obviously gay. It was no secret to ANYBODY at school, in our neighborhood, in our families.. EVERYWHERE. My boyfriend was there when it all happened, too. It took the police about 5 minutes to see that her story was obviously fabricated, and a day later they wanted to know if we wanted to do something about it.   My parents ended up sending the police to HER house, where her and her father were given a very stern talking to regarding false rape accusations and abuse of police services. My parents and her parents eventually got into a huge fight about the ordeal, with him obviously taking her side on the issue because she kept insisting, while my parents wouldn't even hear of it. It ended in court with her family having to pay my family for court and legal fees over this issue.   The whole thing got around school, the neighborhood, etc.. and ended with my sister's friend being socially outcast because of the events, as well as my sister losing a friend. It was unnecessary drama that could have been avoided if the police were not involved. Perhaps speaking with the boy's parents should be your first action, instead of the police?   Basically, I'm saying that if I were that boys parents and the police show up threatening him with rape charges with a peer, I would be LIVID and you better believe you'd be hearing from me, my lawyers and any other wrath I could throw down on you. What do you do you even hope to achieve from "scaring" him with the threat of sex crimes? That he won't be a hormonal teenage boy? That somehow your daughter's innocence and trust can be rebuilt through this boy's fear and anguish? Call his parents, talk with them about it, come to a mature and adult conclusion to this. It'll make you far more trustworthy in your daughter's eyes and you can avoid a potential clusterfuck of drama, headaches and heartache.
1	Can we please stop lumping all the TSM fans as one group? I watched every single game of theirs and while it was hard to watch, you can't have a team win everything, especially when I believe their strategy doesn't work as well internationally. Am I upset, sure. Do I feel they could've played and done better, of course I do. Do I hate on Dyrus, no cause he's my favorite player on the team and I respect the way he plays. The one thing I wish for is for TSM as a whole to work on making Santorin fitting into the team better and to not let Bjergsen play Cho'Gath anymore. Santorin was good enough for the spring split but I do not feel he is able to consistently play well on an international level. All I can hope for is that they work to try and fix the problems they had in time for Worlds.
1	I certainly wasn't trying to condescend. If you feel that my attitude was patronizing, I unconditionally apologize. In my view we're all peers here, and my elo testifies that I'm a total scrub. That's one of the reasons I play so much Dominion.   I took the time I did to write a wall of text because I'm passionate about Heimer. I could see you feel strongly about him as well, and I was more looking to compare notes with another experienced Heimer player.   Regarding ganks, my experience has been very different from yours :(   Just like you I generally push and take their bottom tower at the beginning. Depending on who they have sent bot I usually will retreat and give it up to them, then push it again. Wash, rinse, repeat.   My goal is to keep pressure on their bottom tower, not necessarily take it. I generally avoid engaging with the enemy player except to harass, and if I stay behind my turrets I can do more damage to their minions than they can do to mine. I usually end the game with 5 or 6 kills, and 4 or 5 deaths. Maybe a few assists. I play very safe, and don't push past the mid point unless I'm confident they don't have anyone in a position to come through the gap and wreck me.   It's not that I never get ganked, or never lose my tower. It happens. But I'm almost always able to beat them up enough that it's relatively trivial to push them off it when I come back up.   I always wait for a minion wave and as I mentioned I use my missiles to harass. The reason that I don't feel Heimer falls off is that the more AP I build, the better my harass gets and the harder it is for people to trade with me. I make sure to build penetration as needed, and the key is largely not to overextend. If the enemy even looks like they're going to bypass the minions to engage with me then I pull back, to the tower if needed. If they dive me, worst case is I die and they're at 10% health. Once I rez I simply wait for a minion wave from my mid tower and push them off it again. They'll have to either die or recall and Heimer clears waves so quickly that I'll have minions on their tower before they can get back.   It might be considered a stalemate, I guess, but in my experience I'm generally always pushing and denying them much farm. I find that my opponent bot is generally LESS farmed/fed than the rest of their team.   This all goes out the window when there's more than one person sent bot. In that case I'll usually just sit on the tower. If they send more than one bottom, unless your team is completely incompetent, you win. All you have to do is slow them down enough that the rest of your team can take and hold the windmill.   It sounds like you know all this, so I guess I can't explain why he works so well for me, but you have a different experience. Maybe it's the item build? I just don't know.   I start with the chalice for mana regen, and either boots if I feel like mobility is important or more usually a tome for additional pushing power. As I mentioned I go with magic pen reds, armor yellows, and ap blues and quints. For masteries I take utility for summoner cooldown reduction and put the rest in offense. My goal with items is to max CDR and then it's pretty much all AP. Depending on how the game is going I'll either grab a Kage's, rush a Deathcap, or finish out the chalice. The Chalice is the only "core" item, for the rest sometimes I go to a magic pen rod, sometimes I'll build a mask.   At the end of the day, I guess I've written so much because I want you to have as much fun with him as I'm having.   Let me reiterate that my the last thing I want is to imply that I'm somehow better. My posts are all about explaining to you, and maybe someone else who might want to play Heimer how I do it. Nothing more.   Just like I put at the end of my other post, I'd love to get some feedback. I love /r/leagueoflegends because of how much I learn here. The only reason that I've spent the time that I have responding is to try and give something back.   I apologize for any offense given, and hope to see you on the field of battle.
0	Class is a formality to give lacklustre academics a reason to keep their jobs. The majority of my classes involved a Professor (though often simply an instructor) who would provide a summary of the readings that were issued. The point being, I payed tuition to get a degree that I effectively just studied for on my own then went and wrote tests. Not going to class is a waste unless youre wasting more time simply sitting in a room listening to some windbag with an inflated ego because they recently were credited on a journal article with a 6 person distrubution list...oh and a minimum of 45 sales of their $400 textbook per semester as it is required reading in their class. The whole damn system is out of order, especially if I could hold down a 4.0 without class time. Thank god for the private sector hooking a brother up...and then casting me out on the street with only half of a double major.
1	1250  1200 is the default.   1000 is pretty low . I started ranked season 1 the second I hit 30 and dropped down to 1k. Stopped playing ranked again for about 200-300 normals, ended up climbing back to 1250 by the end of that season. Currently resting at 1400 so basically - Wait until you have double your wins atleast before playing ranked. I have 885 normal wins at the moment.
0	Nobody should be required to go to these events. But I can tell you if I have an employee that shows a patter of just getting the minimum done I know who I'm going to use development hours on and who I'm not.   If you just want to do the minimum, you send a clear message to management that you're just a body who's content to be a little cog and not worth wasting training time on.   We are social animals, and business usually work more efficiently if employees can connect and communicate more effectively. Events like this help interactions for most employees. If you don't want to participate in that process, you are welcome to do so. But don't complain about your dead-end job or how Steve got a promotion ahead of you because he 'brown-nosed' his way to the top.
1	Some math on the new flask:   Old Flask cost  225g  and was worth:     2 health pots and 1.2 mana pots for an immediate value of  112g , meaning it takes  1  refill (after the 6th used charge) for it to break even and start making profit.     New Flask costs  345g  and is worth:     2.4 health pots and 1.8 mana pots for an immediate value of  147g , meaning that it takes  2  refills (after the 8th used charge) for it to break even and start making profit.     Other fun facts:     You can still start Flask and a ward, but then you can only afford one more pot.     The actual health regen granted by new flask is the same as the old flask (which is also the same as a health pot) which is 10 health/sec, but the mana regen was increased to 5 mana/sec from 4 mana/sec (both of which are less than the mana regen given from a mana pot which is ~6.7 mana/sec)     Edit : If you factor in the resale value, assuming the new flask will resell for more than 90g (the resale value of old flask) then it would only take 1 refill for the new flask to be worth its price. (old flask still needs 1 refill to be worth it even when factoring in resale value)
1	He's not a champion anymore, but the pre-rework Heimerdinger was the most underrated for his time. I mained him and reached Diamond playing him with a 64% win rate, but picking him back then was ridiculous. I often had people literally begging me to pick any other champion in the game, others would start up with the 'gg thanks heimer', some would flat out troll and pick a mid laner after I did hoping to cause enough chaos to cause a dodge.   It got to the point where I had to link my lolking and explain I'm not a troll every time I picked him to try and keep the team calm, and even then people wouldn't care.   Side story: I remember a game where I first picked Heimer, the team was immediately pissed off so second pick chose Shaco and third pick took Teemo, other rage inducing picks. The last two picks took Lulu and Corki to round out the Yordle comp, and we completely destroyed them. AP Shaco, Heimer (Old Heimer where he turrets didn't deactivate) and Teemo was probably one of the ridiculous things I've ever seen. All we had to do was stand around Baron, wait for them to try and get to us and they'd die without a fight starting.
1	From what I understand(may be WAYY off), Shanon has been paying out of her pocket for the team since March when Tian Ci abandoned them and stopped paying for the team. 4 months later he/she/they(idk) is back with LLC and  claim  ownership of LMQ and the players and fire Shanon and then she can't be at LCS this past weekend until everything is sorted out.
1	I did, maybe you should look up what
1	why are you so sure? that split pusher can easily make a post with the
1	Im a main support player, climbed from 900 elo to 1620 when elo was around and am now in gold divison 5 after they switched it. Here is what I got to tell you:   SUPPORTS CARRY GAMES. Now a lot of people may not agree with that but listen up. A support is there for a reason. What is that reason you may ask? TO SUPPORT SOMEONE. Who is that someone? THE CARRY WHO WILL CARRY THE TEAM. Now that carry without the support there helping him will go no where and will fail very quickly. Therefore as a support you are getting your carry fed and giving him the ability to carry and so in the end we can conclude that you are carrying. Now how do you carry yourself out of low elo? You ultimately just think about it like this:   YOUR JOB: Early game is all about keeping you and your carry alive at bottom lane and getting your carry kills or free cs. That means zoning enemy, playing offensive when needed and defensive when needed, warding your bottom lane, pinging, healing, buying aura items, ETC ETC.  Later in the game your job is to support the whole team but your carry is still #1 priority.   So just do that and TRUST that your teammates will do their job. Some games you cannot control, your teammates are just simply bad or trolls but in other games YOU WILL WIN BY FEEDING YOUR CARRY.
1	Google Bear Cavalry Sejuani. The number of people who called this over a year ago are numerous.
1	You know what I find funny?  You actually had gotten mad because I disproved your point on racism. Unfortunately this is the only way you deal with being wrong is acting like the child you are.  I suppose people in game like yourself are my frustration at times, you think you are clever or funny, maybe even smart or tough through the internet but the fact is you are just a sad little boy with nothing better to do with his time.   I know I am typing a lot for you, but I assure you that my couple paragraphs took just as long as it had taken you to type "keep typing".   You enjoy doing your little spam of one phrase "meme's" at people like "seems legit"   , "pro tip" while never actually putting forth any effort to give constructive criticism.   In fact every time you reply even though I know you are not reading these (no ability to sit still for 10 seconds without your meds) I take great joy and pride from it.  Its kind of like having a dog that can do back flips on command, while yours friends dog is 7 and still chews the corner of the coffee table :).   Here I am you -   "No one wants to see your shitty stream"  Seems you get angry that people post their streams for league.. Kind of shows what a kid you are doesnt it?  Seems you spend more time telling people they have shitty streams than contributing anything to "any" part of society.. You cannot even contribute on the internet.
0	So...that makes me bitch whipped or what? My woman will  put up a major fuss  get unreasonably pissed as fuck if I start growing out my beard, she tells me to shave it, and I just put it off. She will explode like I just killed a baby, it's bullshit.   "oh my le god you don't le care about le me, you don't even le care enough to shave you're le face!" *crying ensues*
1	I don't know really, I've an easy time in lane with Nottingham ezreal, his Q and E animations are close to non-existant, while PFE is slightly more "locked" while doing these. However in the lategame, I feel that I dish out extreme amounts of damage if I play PFE, his AA with some attack speed and blue ez build is just incredible smooth late.
0	Lol where I work this passed Monday we had 1 cook scheduled and no shift lead/managers scheduled for our opening shift. I ended up getting called in and having to work the entire line by myself (generally 2 cooks work the line on a day shift) then had to also close the store that night. The one cook that was scheduled ended up being shift lead.
0	Crazy and sad story that happened a couple of weeks ago:   One of our cats is a quite old Blue Russian (18), so quite distinctive in his fur (there are no other like it in the neighbourhood, except for our other two cats, his kids).   I was taking care of him over the summer, and one day I came home from going out to dinner and I didn't see him anymore. As I said, he was quite old, didn't walk very far and had a disease where his nose would fill up with goo and he'd have a hard time breathing. So he mostly stayed inside and only walked around the block and couldn't be far.   However, the next day he wasn't home yet, which is very odd. So I went out looking for him, hoping to find him if maybe his legs gave out or something. Couldn't  find him anywhere, so I figured he kicked the bucket. But I at least wanted to find his body to bury him. Never found him.   Then a few weeks later, I run into the neighbour 2 houses over at a bbq, and just by chance we talk about cats. So I jokingly say 'well, if you find a grey cat's body in your garden, that's mine'. Suddenly he turns white, and starts stammering.  Turns out his neighbour found an old, withering, neglected cat (scruffy, breathing difficult) in the street in front of their house and didn't know what to do with him. So they wrapped him in a blanket, took him to the vet (my vet) and had him put down out of pity. There's a picture of my cat hanging in the waiting room.   I couldn't believe what I heard. That cat has been living here for about 10 years longer than him.
0	You are correct - however, if you have 200ish DVD's, 20-30 blue rays, and an extensive music and picture collection - a media box with streaming capacity (to the rest of your networked devices) is probably the better option in the long term.   One, storage - being able to toss on new dvd's / blue rays / digitally obtained media / music onto it and leave and forget it is awesome.   Then there is the dual purpose it can have. File backup and media - It does not need to be limited to JUST storing media, it can also be a device you can backup files to. You could even set it up as an always on device that you can remotely stream from, or access files from wherever you are - so in case you forgot a slide show you were presenting, you could potentially just grab it from the server and be good to go.   Using your current workstation could work - but does it have an extra 3-4 TB of space? Do you really want to put all your eggs in one basket? Will it stream to your console? Do you have a console? What else do you want to use it for - or could you use it for? Is the money going to be worth the investment?
0	I think the problem here is that feminism has two definitions. One is the definition, and the other is what can logically be deduced by accident. Feminism is defined as: "the advocacy of women's rights on the ground of the equality of the sexes." That is to bring womens rights upto the level of men. The other that can be assumed from hearing "fem-inism" is that female rights first. A more apt name could be "equalist" I suppose to demonstrate the original definition.   You can not, and should not, really oppose the first (and correct) definition. But "feminazis" labels themselves feminists with the latter definition in mind; but as feminism is actually a defensible position in its original definition, contesting the points made makes you a "sexist" for opposing "feminism" (the latter definition, but the former definition is inferred).   You see how difficult it is to actually talk about these points? Hearing "feminism" as a reasonable adult, and hearing "these dirty men" opposing it, you could be forgiven for assuming the men here are being sexist, or old fashioned in their thinking. You automatically start defending the positions of the 'feminists' -without actually hearing and understanding the point.   You read on twitter the female posts of "I don't need feminism" - that is women above men. But hearing that in the news, would you think these women are being narrow minded and pathetic - that they would want to be lesser in rights than men? I knew thats what I thought initially - I had to check the post to make sure when that happened.   <><><>   Oh God this turned into a huge rant.
1	The most irritating thing about suddenly being on purple side after only bot games is the locked camera.   On blue side you can kep your thumb on the spacebar pretty much during the entire laningphase. On purple you cant since "centering" the screen on your champ actually shows way more of the area that is to the north of your champ. Cant really explain it, just wish it would actually center it, or even better, make spacebar fix the champions x/y position on the screen when you hold it down. Unless your champ is off screen of course.   I would love for somebody who understands what I mean to put it in more understandable words. Somebody whos native language is english preferably.
0	As a consumer, c'mon and lighten up a little bit. It's usually someone trying to make an effort to either make conversation or make you smile a little bit. I always ask cashiers how they are doing and tell them to have a nice day/weekend because I know the job sucks and you've probably dealt with at least one asshole that day.
1	Why Do i watch Dyrus stream?     First off i played with dyrus back in beta days and when we all knew each other. (jax)    Then he started streaming and back then he was home and had few viewers we where liek a circle talking in chat him respodding or just playig solo Q (or some random fighting game or OSU!) back then dyrus had liitle pressure on him and he did what ever he wanted weather it is anime or league.... And people like me liked that Dyrus was a layed back guy and a verry good player. Somtimes i just tune to his stream leave the sound on the background and play league while dyrus was getting trolled by "manyreason" that helped me greatly to not get mad over trols in solo Q i just mawed game after game not giving a f**k. I dont like dyrus cuz he is tall or because of his voice i like Dyrus because he was somone who had same taste in music as i do liked anime and japan in general and was not ashamed of it, I liked Dyrus because there is always something entertaining in his stream when he as Epik or even now when he is TSM (always fun those random moments when Chaox or Regi cam to trol dyrus! Chaox passes by randomly saying you're beutiful dyrus... TRM randomly screeming on the background and what not) perhaps nex players think he suck but i can see his play whenever he is playing no matter what if he is loosing or winning Dyrus has always something to show you guys and you just don't focus or just new to the game, I mean the simple fact of last hitting just show you the difference between you and a Pro gamer and there is no doubt in my mind what so ever as a league veteran that Dyrus is a progamer and in fact one of the best if not the best of what he does (Don't believe what he says Dyrus is Smart and will eff you up if you lane against him unless you're that good and had a better jungler that his, but when odd bro is around.. well gg). i am 26 form a far far away place and I tell you all I inspire from dyrus and learned so much from him and still do. What changed over the years is that now Dyrus is a progamer ina well known and sponsored team and the fact that he had and will have up to 40k viewers sadly comes with a big price: Sadly i an no longer just com in the stream say "Hey man" and he will reply hey beause 50 people in the chat is not like 40k and unlike many i dont hate him when he does not reply to messages i send or comments i make because he can't it is hard i know i can't do that but people don't understand and the result is drama for nothig. i don't understand why can't a guy feel hapy when he wins a major tournament and when he accidentally does everyone gets butt hurt and starts drama saying dyrus changed dyrus this dyrus that.... Chill out dudes and try to see things from his perspective. Dyrus mate keep up the good work don't feel obligated when people troll you this is a price of fame and you can not please everyone.
0	Get a forced air respirator and you won't have to have a seal against your skin we got them at my job and the lifted the beard ban. It's like a head bag with a air pump that is on a belt that goes on your waiste
0	i'll assume this was real, which it's not.   there's nothing controversial about it.  there really isn't. if a woman wants to feed her baby in a restaurant, then she can do it.   if it's a big deal to you, if you have a problem with this, then leave.  there is no controversy, there is nothing wrong here, the only problem is that a few people have a problem with the fact that infants need to regularly eat and that they naturally do this by latching onto a breast.
0	I don't do shit, just stay sit all day because I bulged a disc and I'm too afraid to do anything serious. I'm for a year like this and my body is now more lean and less "artifical" bulked ( you know a fat strong fella anywhere ).   So your theory sucks, at least for me lol.. If I find a girl that takes care of the body as much as I do I would be fucked lol.. However I already met some girls that DONT DO SHIT and are TOO HOT (all of them less than 24 years lol) Hell, even my GF doesn't do anything right now, just works and she is quite hot compared to a normal girl..
1	Man, they are so many things I wanna say, but i cant put it together. Here are some bits and pieces:     Every single one of us is essentially self centered. We have to be, cause we are in the center of everything we experience. If you loose a game, you are the only one with that experience. You loosing. Not even your teammates have the same. In their experience they are loosing. (get what i mean?) So when we watch you loose a game, we experience you loosing from our point of view. So different! And although its a great place for compassion, its much easier (more easy?) to bash you. Because a I can feel superior, even if im not.     I perfectly understand your craving for fame. For recognition. For some god damn happiness. But you gotta know, its only a quickfix. Happiness depending on outside sources, no matter what. If your happiness depends on friends, work, winning or whatever, you will probably be unhappy. Maybe only sometimes, maybe all the time. Real happiness comes from within. It comes from being content with what you got and what you are, whatever that is right now!     Regarding compassion. Love for yourself and love for others  are bound together. You lashed out to reddit because you wanted to lash out to yourself ( I really mean no offence with that, everybody does it, be it). Now, with that blog, i think you feel better. I really hope so. You showed some love, some compassion, you shared emotions and apologiced. And that made many of us feel good, im sure. Not in a "yeah party" way, but more like: yes, i know that. yes, i can relate. I feel like you lifted yourself up with that blog and you kind of lifted me up as well. Thanks by the way :)     last but not least, here are some stuff i want everybody to see, read and hear. It helped me  a lot and im sure it could help others a lot.     not really related, but still so good:  (David Foster Wallace talking about being selfcentered)     all the spiritual yada-yada aside, awesome good book to lift yourself up:     and just everything from Paulo Coelho, maybe start with the alchemist.
0	Realistically you can't have high expectations unless you too are up there on the awesomeness scale. If you are a 2 and you want an 8 you should lower your standards or get onto par with your fellow males so you can attract those beautiful girls.
1	HE WAS GIVEN THE ULTIMATUM. EITHER BACKDOOR NEXUSES OR BACKDOOR SJOKZ, TEEMO LORD SATAN ONLY GAVE HIM ONE CHOICE!
0	What's really fun is JUICING a beet! I had no idea how... incredibly potent, their natural color is.
0	when i walked in my bedroom home early from work. one black guy had a fist in her cunt, the other had his dick shoved so far down her throat that I saw it in her throat.   That's when I was like, this probably isn't going to work.
0	Great job OP.  The best way to be confident is to be yourself.  Trying to "act confident" is not the way to go, because that puts your confidence at the mercy of others.  Rather than building your confidence by looking outside of yourself and pretending, and hoping people react well to that, look within, and address the things that bother you about yourself.  Also, focus on your good qualities and really be kind to yourself.  Over time, that inward valuing of yourself will projected outward to others whether you mean for it to or not.   For example, asking this girl out went well, and to many this means that you are now on the road to confidence.  What if it had ended in horrible rejection?  That could have been a devastating blow.  What I am suggesting is you starting/continuing to build a foundation that a will allow you to truly be confident, no matter what others think.   I think it is great that you did it via email.  That's you.  It's 2013 and we have fucking email.  Maybe you have great writing skills. If she said yes, then you obviously asked the right way.  Had she said no, then that just would have meant that you asked the wrong girl.
1	Now you get that message even if you have not clicked the "exit" button. Source: Happend to me. Not even talking and then, 4 premades decides that I said "I hope hitler killed you" and tell everyone to report me. Aftergame chat while I try to tell them that thy were a premade trying to troll me, it was already too late. But np, it's just a warning
1	False the first thing i did after seeing the login queue time was come to this site and look for other people having the same issue as well as try to gain knowledge on why the time was so long. Whole also learning that ranked queue is down after making it through the queue. ](
0	Good for you! You tip and therefore are a regular member of society.   Anything over $25 and your $5 tip is unacceptable. 15% at lunch, 20% at dinner unless gratuity is added to the bill. These are the rules a gentleman should follow.   I grew up and live in the city of Chicago; John Hughes movies are a staple of my childhood.   Yes, I would ridicule you mercilessly - not by name calling but by really making you feel bad as a person. See I am really fucking smart and don't have an outlet to use this excess intelligence right now (school is out [getting not 1 but 2 masters degrees at the same time] and its summer so work is slow) and will plow all of that messed up shit in my head to making you feel exponentially worse that when a waiter gets stuffed on a tip.   You signed a social contract when you became a member of a society.
1	I'll be honest. I am happy with my 200 ping. I have been used to it for so long that I have become consistent enough to be able to play like any other player would. Sure, I'd love an Australian server however, what will happen to all the friends I made in the NA server?   I've started playing DOTA ever since they added the Australian server but the ping difference really doesn't matter to me. Unless I'm trying to play at a professional level, having 200 ping never bothers me. It all comes down to having a consistent ping for a long period of time in which you become used to the actions and time frames between action and reaction. I used to make a piss poor Alistair W-Q combo, but after a while, you just naturally become accustumed to the lag that you have.   Also, sincerely agree with Jinjinbug, he brings out a very good point. Regardless of how many supporters there are for an Australian server, it is all about the incentive.   Edit
0	I think my response to your unpopular argument is an even more unpopular argument.   I do support the idea that you should learn to love yourself. But I also think that when it comes to attractiveness, there is some degree of intersubjective consensus on what features are attractive and what features are not as attractive. The intersubjectivity developed due to evolution; indicators of attractiveness (such as symmetry, for example) signal potential mates that the attractive person is a healthy person to mate with for reproduction.   I don't think that the government should pay for every single modification to your body; I don't think you should be able to say, hey, I have a 7-inch penis, but if it were 8-inches, I think I would be able to have even more sex! So government, pay for an inch-long extension to my penis.   But at the same time, I think that if you have an attribute that causes you to have severe mental anguish, and you cannot afford to ameliorate the condition, then I do think that the government ought to help you out. As an opposite example, a person with a micropenis should receive government help. (Obviously, this pre-supposes a universal health care system like the one found in Canada or the UK)   So I think it should be done on a case-by-case basis. Certain features, like micropenis, gynecomastia, etc. can cause major grief. I don't think fixing it alone will suddenly make you happy. But it is one part of the process.   Just like the right to life is hollow without an adequate health care system, reproductive rights are also hollow if you do not care for individuals with major deformities that almost serve as an affirmative bar against being able to reproduce.
1	Just because you win a game with a bad build doesn't mean it's good.   People win games all the time with bad builds, but rarely do people try to perpetuate it as "a good buy".   I would hate for some people to think your idea of a "decent build" is worth building, when I would say 10/10 times there is a better item you should buy instead.   Edit: This is not like building Triforce Malphite top or Ice Born Gauntlet on Kass or Nidalee, you are building an item that  deliberately  wastes a large portion of the gold value for stats other items offer. Its not a "shortcut" for certain stats, it doesn't save you money, it doesn't "give you everything you need".   Its like buying Gunblade on Vlad.   You can sit there and tell me about all the bursts and how the Active is super sweet since its a low cd, but you are  wasting  too many of the stats and you could just buy WoTA, Zhonyas, SV, or literally most other AP items instead and it would be a better buy.   No one is going to tell you Gunblade is worthless on Vlad, it just isn't the item you should buy (even if its 5th). There are better choices.
1	We Americans cover a much larger landmass than Koreans.  In places like the Midwest where suburban sprawl is unavoidable, driving cars is required.  On the flip side, people in NYC walk all the time.   And Americans work more hours in a day, on average, than any comparable worker in any country in the world.
1	I wonder if riot is releasing this map as a template to start themed events again.  It seems like a very basic version of our current map.  Then they can easily add new features over it to give us event maps.   So for example the whole void invasion.  Maybe for the next month it will be somewhat destroyed looking from the void infestation happening.   Another cool idea is we will get for another month the Arctic invasion stuff we voted for.   I for one miss the halloween and winter themed maps.
1	I recently got my smurf to 30 about 3 months ago. I use it to play ranked without as much mental pressure and to improve in a more care free way. I directly give credit to leveling and getting my smurf into gold giving me the push and the edge on getting to 2k~ mmr mid plat on my main. It has also opened up my champion pool and helped me against certain champions.   The thing about having a smurf is sometimes you can feel very frustrated about how games are going and/or feel like you are having bad luck but you still want to play without tanking your mmr or lp. A smurf helps you keep playing and improving but all of the sudden, wins and loses are not your top priority. I can confirm that on my main it's the win that matters above all. My smurf is more like 'I'm going to find the most efficient way to counter jungle and see if I can get the game snowballed by 15 minutes for a few games and then see how I can incorporate that into my current style' type thing.   Also, a solid player confident in his abilities is not going to flaunt smurfing in champ select or in game in all chat. That's just a douche who wants to feel entitled and superior to everyone because they have hit a skill wall on their main.
1	2v1 in a lane with teemo on bot.   When they attempt to gank they hit mush and get taken down to half by the time they reach you. When they try and escape they use a different route and die on the way back to the tower or poison gets them just before they blue pill. Leaving the second hero to attack you thinking you will be easy pickings at half health. Kiting over some more mush and just as they think they have you dead hitting the heal spell and laying mush in front of them to finish them off(and possibly using gunblade ontop of that) .   Or
1	I play on OCE and sure i meet some dicks, but i never have any issues like a lot of the community seems to complain about, i've seen people rage/flame/insult etc. happens every once in a while (1 in maybe 20ish games more or less, depends really) Yet i play with people and if they die they just call the other person a Cu*t (it's Australia, gets thrown around a lot) or say no skill champ etc.   What i don't understand is what goes through the minds of these people when they keyboard bash other people, half or majority may not even act like this in real life, Is it really that hard for everyone to just shut up and enjoy a game? making a comment is fine, i do it when someone messes up but i reassure them that it's okay. E.G. "Why didn't you go in? we had that." "Wasn't watching" "Yeah, all cool dude, dw about it" or maybe give them a tip on what they could do next time.
1	They only give reform cards for bans. You can get chat restricted for 1,000's of games and never provided any reasoning of why.   There is also NOTHING in place to actually look at people deserve restrictions or not. The automated bot is only for bans, not restrictions. They essential put a weight on how 'trustworthy' a person's report is (it can be safely assumed, they do this purely by how often you report players, as 99%+ of reports do not lead to any punishment [from the statistics Riot has released], and therefor there is no legitimate way of deeming which reports are actually 'false'), and if players get reported enough times by 'trustworthy' (aka, players who don't report often) players, then they automatically receive a restriction.   It can safely be assumed, that people who report every player who is 'toxic', have very low 'trustworthy' ratings (meaning, they report a lot).   The entire system is based around the idea that only the worse __% of players should get punished. They FINALLY (4 years, woohoo), decided to put a system in place that will punish the more sever harassment/language harder (before calling someone a 'noob' would give you the same punishment as calling them 'motherf ing n er'). Certainly a step in the right direction (assuming the system is actually working as described), but it's absurd that it's taken this long and it's also absurd that they are keeping BOTH systems in place.   Essentially, what this means is. If you get reported enough, your chat log will be looked at by the automated system. If the automated system finds something you get hit with a ban. If it doesn't find anything, you automatically get a chat/ranked restriction.
0	They probably worked out a deal with the manufacturer of the tire for a pro-rated buy-back to cover a huge portion of the cost.... depending on how many miles were on the tire and how long the pro-rated warranty was for.   My dad only paid $100 or so for a full new set of tires from Discount tire because they only lasted 20k miles but were warranted for 60k, and he chose a slightly cheaper new tire.
1	As a silver player, I much prefer this system to the previous "Elo System" since it feels like an accomplishment to get from silver 1 to gold 5. Where before, what did it matter to go from 1350 to 1415? Where is the acheivement?   Since Plat and Challengers seem to prefer the old system, maybe they should make it so that once you get to Plat, it converts your standing to an ELO so they can continue to compete with each other for a higher  ELO to get their acheivement. This would fix the problem of ppl sitting on their spot in challenger.
0	It's because the banana with frosting looks like rediculously attractive/photogenic marathon runner pic that was on the front page a while ago. The hair was slicked and he was smiling, as I'm sure everyone imagines the banana to be doing with the frosting hair when imagining it as a person with eyes, and shit.
1	Be proud of the three pentas, sure, it's an impressive feat at any level, but I would not be proud about thrashing people far below my skill level.   Playing against smurfs is a frustrating and off-putting experience for the vast majority of the community. You might have a positive opinion of it, but it is rare to not hear 'fuck that guy, he smurfs' or 'I am so sick of smurfs' when you are suffering through a 20 minute game of being absolutely destroyed like those people were. This is ranked, bear in mind - people don't like to get destroyed, especially in ranked,  especially  against someone who, by all rights, they should never have faced. If it were normals then yeah I would agree - but it's not - and normally I am fine with box box and the like smurfing, but when they upload a video of them destroying low level players I have to vehemently disagree since that is when it becomes inconsiderate and condescending.   In this case I'm fine with him posting it since it  is  three pentakills which is pretty awesome, but I made my original comment so that people were aware of what they are being shown since any information other than 'while smurfing' was not provided. Additionally, with RES, people rarely go to Youtube itself and nothing in the OP title suggests it is even smurfing.   Edit:
0	I have alternating exotropia and I do the same thing. I guess I am the only one that really gets annoyed when people try to figure out what eye to look at since I only can use one at a time.  I love switching eyes when in class because classmates beside me think that my eye staring to side is looking at then when I am really looking at the teacher. But at last I am finally getting surgery on May 9th to hopefully correct it. I am 20 now and should have has it when I was younger so my brain could adjust to it, but I my family was not told to. Finally I went to one if the best eye doctors and my town and now hopefully I will gain some confidence when my eye is corrected.
1	Not at all. People are going to fuck up. Telling them not to fuck up doesn't help. I'd rather have a contingency plan than none.   Your entire point is built on one reasoning. Without a contingency plan, you will play safer.   True, but have you considered YOU HAVE NO CONTINGENCY PLAN. Whether it's an enemy escaping or an incoming gank that you were too in the zone to notice, it's something that prepares you for the "oh fuck moment". A good flash usage and a great flash usage separates the good players from the great players.   Regardless of having flash or not having flash, you should always be warding, map awareness wins games. Asides from that, what are you going to do when they rush early oracle? do you think you will always be in a position to defend your wards?   Face it, you will fuck up regardless of how good you are, it's the nature of any game. Rather than be reactive when that comes to be, i'd rather be proactive and counter it with flash.   If you are runnin 4 summoner spells versus a lane with 2? no, they have 4 as well. Flash could dodge that potential stun vayne had, flash could dodge that qw combo from ezreal that may have potentially killed you. I could go on.   Guess what happens when you waste all four of your summoners against two summoners who simply flashed away with the rest of their summoners intact? right. nothing. You can't chase, you can't dodge any type of hook, stun or potentially threatening situations. That's what happens when you have no flash.
0	Something similar happened at my school with a senior cheerleader.  The junior/senior cheerleaders traveled to Hawaii for some competition.  This particular cheerleader was the captain, 18 years old (so not a child, but obviously still childish), and started hitting the bottle the moment she got to her hotel room.  Not sure how she got the booze, but as the story goes, she partied hard, and then fell off the balcony of her 18th floor hotel room.  Her body was was found naked and based on the trajectory, they ruled she fell on her own accord.  No signs of sexual assault, foul play, or drugs.  Her alcohol level upon death was like .25.   ANYWAYS.  She pretty much killed herself in her drunk stupor.  Oh man though, you couldn't even suggest that.  Nope.  People kept screaming murder and that they were not going to rest until her killer or killers or were stopped.  So many random people, including freshman who were not cheerleaders or had any association with her were asking to see counselors or crying over her.  I nearly was torn a new asshole a few times when I casually brought up her blood alcohol content.   If you think it's bad when attention whores clamor over the non-existant/bullied kid, you haven't seen crazy till until it is a cheerleader captain who killed herself (Accident or not it was her own stupidity that was her downfall).  For almost a month, she was a topic on myspace (back in the day...), in the hallways, and in classes.  Literally, one girl in my class exclaimed she couldn't take a test because of the stress it was causing her coupled with the death of her "friend."  It took a lot of control for me not to laugh.  A lot.  It was a scene almost out of a soap opera.  Best part is, this girl was not even direct friends with the dead cheerleader.  She knew her through her more social friend and occasionally was able to chat with the dead girl.  My teacher had to let her out of the test. Made me mad I didn't use that excuse.
1	DotA wasn't. Also, the wait times for Warkeys to download each LAN event was insane. Dota 2 however, is.   Here's why:     The International 2 [specific announcer responses](     [Team Pennants]( for the in-game banners, along with Team Specific logos in-game that  eventually  anyone will be able to customize and use.     Valve has released a [Spectator Client]( so that anyone with a Steam account can watch every game of The International 2*.     Valve has released a feature-length documentary following four players, and their experiences at The International last year. Only a [trailer]( has been released so far. With a camera man that worked on Avatar, and TI2 in 3.5 days, it's expected here soon.       *That client is the Dota 2 beta client but you have to [get a key]( through the survey, and activate it to unlock the play tab in the client.   In my honest opinion:  The above are all things Riot will not have for the Season 2 Championship (Announcements that are team specific for that tournament, availability for everyone to watch the games live through the client, and a trailer for the event). They're not necessarily things Riot  needs  to do to create a better gaming experience, but they're all  very  attractive perks.   Minor things that contribute:  A Pause feature for DC'd players. In-game voice-chat. People can switch between broadcasters while spectating.  Spectator chat box. In-depth stat analysis drop-down window while spectating that goes beyond Levels, KDA, and LH/Denies (Team gold and XP graphs, Net Worth, Net Worth of non-consumable items, gold-per-minute, XP-per-minute, etc).   Nice attractions:  3-4 minutes of dialogue for each hero have been recorded. Higher, and lower, graphic settings than LoL. You can queue while spectating a game. You can go back to the main clients dashboard at any point during a game, without DC'ing from the game you're playing/spectating. The commend system is the opposite of reporting. There's low-priority match making for consecutively reported players, where they will be matched with others' in low-priority. Replays through the client. The option to search for games to spectate by skill level, or by player name. You can also search a players profile, and watch games from their history.
0	I'll explain. Flash is SHIT for playing videos. It's not hardware accelerated, bloated, and all sorts of bad. It's not intergrated into the OS well. It wasn't even made for videos originally. HTML5 is an upgrade to HTML; instead of flash being an .swf stored on a site and imbedded into the page, it's part of the site's source code. The <video> tag is supposed to become the new standard.
1	Basically:     Why are you dying without using your ult. Very few junglers/lanes can actually kill shen when played well.   You shouldn't be dying unless you're ulting in and fight goes sour, so revive wouldn't help shit.
1	One thing I've not seen is the option of Augment Gravity giving 200 mana, 10% CDR, 5 mana/5, and a 30% increase to cast range on Gravity Field. Yes your Death Ray does less damage but having better CDR, better pick potential and quicker spells makes up for it IMO.
1	I am hijacking this top comment to remind people about our policies on witch hunting.   Do not use reddit as a means to rally against certain individuals or groups of individuals.  Abusive statements toward anyone are removed in this subreddit.   Please help enforce this policy by reporting any comments that accuse anyone of engaging in the behavior that the OP has described.  The OP did the right thing by omitting the specific streamer.  His post is within our rules.  Many comments have not been.
1	it's also funny when idiots like you miss the point and think it's all about the money
0	This might seem insane but (if she isn't joking) she may just be wondering if there are people you are friends with who actually don't like her but won't be honest about it as long as you're with her. Just my take, could be wrong though.
1	my elo is around 1100, but i carried myself out of 900 by doing a few simple things. I'm not sure what you mean by ELO hell, but if you're around 900-1000. this might help you a little bit. Otherwise, disregard and acquire currency.   Gank all the time. Don't stop ganking. Amumu i think is a fairly weak jungle for lower elo's because of how unreliable your team is. You want to pick a jungler who can do it all, and isn't too reliant on landing skill shots, and just be godly.   I've had success with Mundo, and Udyr mostly. I'm willing to bet the same would apply to Skarner as well. They're junglers that don't necessarily NEED too much to successfully gank. Once Skarner hits 6, every gank is going to be a kill. Also if you build damage on them, they can carry games well enough.   So far in my last couple games as jungler, the only time i lost was when i decided to play Nocturne, all lanes lost, and we had a trolling support. Some games you just won't be able to win.   But all in all, with easy junglers where there is no margin for error, it's fairly easy to carry games. As Udyr my last couple games i went 13-0-9, 3-0-14 and 4-1-9. My elo would probably be higher but i just can't stand all the complaining people do in the lobby before the game even starts. One more edit: Duo queuing with a reliable friend also helps, it's good to know you have someone you can count on!
1	This clamping is because your mmr isn't high enough, IMO if you start having gains less than 10 you need to ignore your Division and just play until you get back into double digit gains and then think about getting into your promotion series.   This does point at the biggest flaw of the current system though. Why is there some invisible number that is stopping us from climbing an otherwise easily understood ladder?
1	You have to play well. I used to be stuck around 1200-1400, but I kept playing, stopped blaming bad teammates and tried to analyze my playing. I got passed 2k, and I have played on a couple of my friends' accounts who are really low, at least 900. These games are incredibly easy to win. Someone on your team is feeding? If you're better the person being fed, you should still be able to pull off a win.   If your score is barely even, you shouldn't complain about losing. A lot of the time sitting in your lane and farming with the occasional kill on your opponent won't be enough. You have to make plays, spam the ping if you have to. There will be the times where things get out of hand and you simply can't win, but it's usually possible.   Call me cocky or whatever, but I feel solo queue is incredibly easy until I get around 2000, my main elo being 2200. If you're losing a majority of your games, you are probably around your correct elo and should probably stop blaming your teammates etc and focus on yourself. Sounds harsh but there's probably several things you could have done better in those games to win.   Another thing: stop playing champs that are widely accepted to be "overpowered" Right now, this means if you think first picking champs that you're bad at like Warwick and Morgana will help you win, chances are they won't. Try to play your actual best champs.
0	Anyone who runs their mouth about secrets to their spouse is not a good friend.  Period.  You're a bad friend, and you should feel bad about yourself.  What if your wife has a friend she trusts that much so that she can tell her anything?  What about that person's person that they trust with anything(do you trust them with your best friend's dirty laundry too?)  It's bullshit.  It's called gossip, and people have hated people who do it for ages.  They're the absolute worst sort, and everyone knows it.  Just because you're married doesn't make it okay to gossip with your wife about things held in confidence.   Does my lawyer get to talk about my case with his wife?  What about my doctor?  No?  Then people I tell a secret to had better not.
0	You're missing a lot of information in some of these facts. There are some factors that lead to women having custody more often than fathers, judges take into account what the parents want (many, many couples come to a private agreement that the children should be in the mother's primary custody) and which parent has done the majority of the parenting up until the divorce. [Statistics]( still show that despite some positive movement in childcare and home care division, women, even if they work full time as well, still do the majority of the work around the home including caring for children.   Aside from these reasons, women get custody more often than men because society expects them to be the caregivers of their children. When a child goes missing or is hurt society asks "where was the mother?" not so much "where was the father?" When the child is sick at school, its often the mother who has to leave work to go pick them up or take the day off when she can't find alternate childcare arrangements. This mentality hurts men and women. The patriarchy hurts men and women. Men are left out of their children's lives when the couple splits up and women have to bear an unfair portion of the burden of childcare whether they are with the fathers or not.   The same thing for domestic violence and rape. Both men and women face a lot of shame and recrimination when they are abused but for different reasons. Men who are abused are shamed because women are seen as weak, men are expected by society to be strong and "in charge" of their woman. As for male rape, men are expected to want sex all the time. This makes it very difficult for male victims of rape and domestic violence to come forward and seek the help they need.   Lesbians, especially lesbians that men find attractive, are seen as more positive because some men see lesbian sexuality as a performance for their pleasure. Gay men are seen as effeminate. Traditional society ostracizes any man who acts like a woman especially if he goes so far as to be penetrated during sex because being feminine or womanly is a bad thing (   Rigid gender roles: women are maternal, weak sex objects; men are horny, strong, can't control themselves sexually hurt everyone and the root cause is still sexism. This is something a lot of people, especially younger people don't understand about feminism. Much like racism benefits white people on one level, it is destructive to society and ends up hurting everyone, sexism does the same. While you as a man may make more money, not face the same social pressures regarding your appearance, not be chided for not doing your share of household chores and be less likely to face intimate violence you're still stuck in a very rigid social role that limits you.
0	It's been misappropriated, but originally [in England this is what it means](
0	Haha omg I can't believe that was real, I was expecting a gif. I'm at work. They block /r/WTF here but not /r/gonewild.
1	1.- Don't know why CoL picked morg and not lee top (deny from dexter, westrice most confortable champ). Also, don't know why didn't they picked tresh as supp if CLG had locked braum, ahd CoL had kass.   2.- Pr0lly sould've just avoid gauntlet and go zonyas (enough counterplay to yasuo), if u had a lead and u are going to force fights and snkowball (kog was pretty fall behind), u do not go defensive item. That was dumb.   3.- Despite de result, still don't agree with CLG's bot lane arrogance to pick braum-kog and go 2v2, (lose the lane, no map pressure top or bot). If CoL didn't threw at baron, they could've perfectly snowball and make a win from that decision. If CLG wanted yasuo synergy and safer lane, just pick nami. CLG showing not smart draft or plan.
1	Same story.  I jumped in the moment I hit 30 without reading into meta, pro scene, or even basic game construction.  I was bad.  Like, I would start Vladimir with a Ruby Crystal and no pots mid lane and was surprised people bought Doran's items cause I thought they were trash.   And I'll bet I was toxic too.  Not because I hated people, but because I genuinely didn't understand why someone would do the things they did and would call them out on what I thought were terrible plays.  I didn't know how to effectively assist the team or what my role was on it.  I couldn't follow up on what they wanted done, and I didn't even have a solid sense of what needed to be done in the first place.  And considering I only ever played Vlad and would autolock him every game (cause that's what you do in blind normals and I didn't know better), I'm guessing I pissed some people off before the game even started.   ~100 games later I'd fallen down to like 900 elo.  It didn't help that I realized my terrible habits and tried to reform at the start of S3, I still had to deal with the Bronze IV (ish) community I'd surrounded myself with.  It's no wonder I believed in elo hell back then.
1	Hi, I am IGN Vorloxx and I've been playing since roughly April. I reached level 30 in August and started playing ranked in September. I solo qd 8 of my matches and got placed in silver 4. At level 30 I was very good against other unranked 30's because I had friends teaching me how to play. But now that I'm in silver 4 I seem to be struggling in some games. I finished my placements 4w 6l and now my ranked record is 7-11 and I sit a 1lp. Does anyone have any good basic mechanic tips for low silver? Thanks.
0	I've given this alot of thought. My conclusion is that woman are alot like cats while men are more like dogs.  If you call to a cat, it will sit there out of reach, where you can see it, basking in the attention but never returning the affection. If however you begin to show affection to another cat, then the first cat will sprint over and suddenly act cute and lovable. A single woman similarly will bask in the attention of a potential suitor but will see no reason to reciprocate until that attention is focused on someone else. Then she feels deprived and has a need to win your approval.   Men and dogs on the other hand are quite different. If you try to call to one dog, announce that you might be willing to show affection, possibly, to one dog, every K9 within earshot will run to you with its tongue hanging out. You are suddenly so overwhelmed by dogs that you become jaded, cold, unfeeling. You become a cat.
1	Almost impossible in a real game, but still pretty decent to set up with friends. It's doable with as low as 3 people: 1 on one team, the 2 others on the other team, not leveling up to keep the respawn timers relatively low, and using revive and the new 10 second timer between kills of multi-kills cleverly. If you have 6 players, until the respawn timers become longer than ~45 seconds, you can chain kills indefinitely (even without revive) if you almost one-shot them.
1	Considering your question asked for a team of Western players and not the best players from the west in each position I believe this team would be the strongest:   Top: Dyrus.  Highly consistent and constantly adaptive, Dyrus has the makings of an elite world-level top laner. His champion pool consists of supportive style, tank style, and even carry style so he would have no issues fitting on pretty much any team.   Jungle: Crumbzz.  A surprising pick, I actually believe that Crumbzz would fit on the team I am building more so due to his relaxed and mature personality as well as his supportive style of playing. He never really is the one to step up and carry the team from the jungle, but he makes incredible use of his gold and invests heavily into his laners with warding that is pretty much unmatched in the Western scene. As well, I believe Crumbzz would make a good shot caller given the right circumstance.   Mid: Bjergsen.  Froggen is certainly the stronger proven talent, however Bjergsen is younger and could easily be placed in a conversation with Froggen. Bjergsen's a natural leader and mechanical genius with great knowledge of the middle lane. Putting these all together makes for an easy pick for the top 3 mid laners of the west. Why him over Froggen, though? Because I believe that Bjergsen would be more willing to give up the shot calling position to another person on his team than Froggen would be. As well, I believe that removing him from that position of responsibility allows Bjergsen to shine as THE carry of the team as he would likely demand.   ADC: Rekkles.  Certainly the best talent the West has seen in terms of ADC and his youth and drive to compete makes him a person willing to join these established veterans in an attempt to make the strongest team. Rekkles seems like the consistent ADC that this team would need. Not necessarily the person that will go for the big play, he will if it is asked of him and his talents and skills lends to the ability to do it.   Support: Xpecial.  Consistently considered one of the best supports in the West, his wide champion pool and incredible mechanical skill are added to his long-time status as a professional. He is calculated in his aggression but that does not mean he is not willing to go on the offensive. Rarely getting caught out, a support that can be counted on to perform his job phenomenally Xpecial would likely be a shining pillar on this team.   This team combines the new with the old perfectly. And the team would have solid leadership from someone no matter what is going on and with the consistent style of these players we would likely only see losses in situations where the team was out-picked or simply beaten overall on a mechanical level. The team play from this squad would likely make for the best NA or EU would ever see.
1	It seems obvious that these 2 people don't consider themselves journalists, although it is called a "news show", even the male-commentator calls himself a talk show host repeatedly, they have talking points and they make opinions on them. Would it be better if they did a little research? Sure, but at the rate they probably cover stories that wouldn't be feasible.   I also find it funny that this entire shitstorm mirrors the argument that the third commentator made, that even in a game like football there will be people that mock you or misunderstand it, but that shouldn't stop you from enjoying it or competing. The NFL doesn't stop running because someone calls it homoerotic, it doesn't even address it because it's THAT successful.
0	I've been there, man. I remember the looks I got from people when I decided to run. I felt so ashamed and began to not care about my health. Then decided (after much convincing) to work out indoors. I went from 300 to 250 then decided to run again. I still get looks but this time I dont care because I'm doing it for me, not them. Whenever I see someone heavy taking the initiative to live healthier, I always give them a thumbs up and smile because sometimes all you need is couragment to keep going.
0	As far as I'm aware, money is the only numerical unit where the unit is designated before the amount, despite money still being spoken with amount first, then unit. [i.e. $60 is read "sixty dollars" not "dollars sixty" whereas 60 miles is read as "60 miles".]
0	I like how redditors have gotten so much circlejerking out of mocking "I can't even" that they've started saying it ironically in a weirdly structured way. I used to spend a lot of time on tumblr just before and during the beginning of the whole "can't even thing", so for me seeing you guys say it like that is like when a foreigner tries  really  hard to pronounce something and they just can't because they are so used to an entirely different way of speaking.
1	W is amazing for harass and should be maxed first, an auto attack reset on an ad carry is a completely broken mechanic and should be abused whilst you still can. Currently 10 - 2 w/l in ranked since her buff. Couple of dorans, appropiate boots then rush a triforce. I start phage because if it procs its impossible to escape you thanks to the amazing new passive. Q is still a scary ability but i feel maxing W for the low cd helps your lane and gets me more kills and its pushing ability with a triforce knocks towers down in no time, sure you can't split push as well but you absolutely destroy towers better than she ever could thanks to triforce proc'd Ws. After triforce i pick up a BT then a last whisper if needed, but i have just been building tanky after getting those two, frozen heart and banshees for more mana and some cdr. Synergises so well with pirate and a shureliyas, ult and every moves at rocket speed and you initiate on your own terms. The games i lost in ranked i still have a positive k/d, been running her with sona and taric. Runes i use are flat ad reds and quints, mana regen per lvl blues and yellows. I start with cloth into wriggles if i am scared of my lane.
0	It's a part of US foreign policy to have a hyper-power military. It allows the US to exert its influence globally. Also, the reserve currency status is maintained by being able to manhandle other countries. It's a little known fact that we invaded Iraq to get to Saddam due to his efforts to trade Euro's for oil instead of dollars for oil. As long as the US keeps the reserve status for the US currency, it will continue to be sought after by all countries because they need oil.
0	I absolutely agree.  My first job out of college was working 10 hour nights in a big name car insurance company claims call center.  This meant that I went in at 8:00, ate lunch sometime around 1 in the morning by myself in the huge and empty cafeteria, and took my last call around 6:30 in the morning.  About 15 of us would take all calls for the entire United States.   I have never before or since been in a position to listen to such a diversity of problems.  I could get a sobbing call from someone who just lost their husband in an accident, an angry one from a guy who's BMW got scratched 5 years ago, and then a dirty one from some guy who was just waiting for a female voice to jack off to, all in the same couple of hours.   There were so many rules about what we could and could not say.  I remember telling a few families stuck at airports that, "Yes, our agent did say that we would have a rental for you," and, "No, I'm sorry that the booth is saying they have no record of this.  No, there isn't anything I can do.  Yes, I know it's 4:30 in the morning in Tulsa.  I'm very sorry."  I once apologized to someone who called me, "a fucking retarded bitch cunt" for not immediately knowing what time it was in Alaska and whether or not our branch office was open.  Hell, I once apologized to someone for apologizing too much.  All of our calls were recorded and listened to.  We would get points for call speed, following the rubric, intonation, and empathy.  We had to time all of our breaks.  A stopwatch around the neck was a regular bathroom accompaniment.   I came home exhausted, slept through as much of the day as I could, and maybe saw friends or family twice a month when I could flip my sleep schedule a little bit.  There were calls that would stick with me that I would play over and over in my head instead of going to sleep.  Could I have helped them more?  Did I say the right thing to make them feel better after a life shattering accident?  I wonder if they got the payout that they were supposed to get?  Did I say anything that will get myself into trouble with my supervisor again?   There were people I worked with who were going to college or raising kids or both and I have the utmost respect for them, but I could not continue this job.  I struggled with whether or not I was overreacting about how bad the job really was for 8 months and finally called it quits for my sanity.  I did end up staying an extra week to help cover the phones after Hurricane Sandy.   My mother is still upset with me for quitting, but to be honest, I don't think she really understands how awful it was for me.  Quitting is not something I ordinarily do, but in this case, it was like waking up after a long and fitful sleep.  I saw my friends again.  I saw the sun regularly again.  I was amazed at how happy being in the sun made me feel.  I now appreciate mornings and wake up regularly around 6:30 just to watch the day unfold.   I work at an ice cream store now and make people happy every day.  The hourly pay is about half of the call center job, but I feel like a real human being again.  It's worth it.
1	Swain can really counter the HP stacking that has become commonplace with toplaners. Liandry's with DFG and his E... GG. But for real, he is so strong against the current League of Health Meta. And if you have a Rylai's (why would you not, this is Swain we are talking about) the Liandry's damage is doubled. My full Swain build is Sorc shoes, RoA, Athene's, Liandry's, Rylai's, and DFG. I choose not to bother with a Rabadon's, since I feel this build is most effective vs a high HP team. He already has incredible sustain, and this allows him to keep his damage up damn-near indefinitely. I like to play him top or mid.
1	Whilst i can enjoy a story about someone basically lifting you from the pile of excrement that is pc issues, I don't condone what the zed did.  I had something similar happen during a friends division promo.  Had a darius jungle that dc'd at the beginning came back about 5 mins in.  Did he come back to buffs?  no he didn't.  Could he sufficiently gank?  (lol darius) no.  But without any help from the 9 other people in the game he came back and played no small part in the victory.
1	I'll be doing like why team x picks  champs a b c e f and team y picks 1 2 3 4 5. then how team x is playing their comp against team y then, team decision making like vision, objective and map pressure, over all somewhat like why team x is doing this against team y and team y should this when team x is doing this.
0	the problem here is that I've found any good strategies that can be effective at overcoming traditional roadblocks or breaking from the script and which seem smart are only effective for as long as they can remain novel.   Any formalised strategy or approach that one has read about or devised themselves, when employed routinely in a situation where conflict is frequent will eventually be picked up on by the person you frequently fight with and actively resisted.
0	Loads of people are talking about the form for the exercises and how it's bad. I've had a personal trainer before and I've recently just started crossfit myself and the coaches at my gym are very persistent about form. You're required to do a 2 day intro session before you start any classes so they can run through the form you need for all the exercises properly and then before each class the coaches goes through the form for the WOD exercises again, even if there are no newbies in the class and they're also constantly correcting peoples form during the exercises too.   Getting a bad crossfit coach is just as bad as getting a bad personal trainer and neither job requires that you be educated in your field and even the educated ones aren't guaranteed to be good.
0	I am a mother of a 3 year old. By no means can I speak for this woman, or her child...but I like to think of myself as a good mother.   Sure I have had the accidental, say-too-much-in-front-of-your-child scenario, where I curse, or argue with his dad...but it is nothing more than I experienced as a kid, and we always try to rectify it with apologizing, or showing him we're fine, and it was just a misunderstanding.   So my son, being 3 has been kicked out of daycare already, and is now a stay at home with dad. His behavior is HORRIBLE. He is known as the kid who "hits and kicks". Sometimes he just screams, no warning, not out of sadness or anger...he just has SO much energy. We have done PPP, followed all of their instruction, still a butthead. Lately, the only thing that is getting through, to my dismay, is spanking. I say "You can stop now, or you get a red butt" ...usually works, but sometimes, I actually have to give him a red butt.   I also like to note, hes always been like this, but the physical stuff didnt really sink in until he was in daycare long enough for other kids to hit him...before that he never hit, just rambunctious.   Now, if he acts like that in public, I wouldn't just stand there, I would tell him its time to go home, and make him go to his room.   My point is, you cant judge every mother for the way her children behave. Its not always the case, but for those of us who DO try, it makes us feel like the biggest assholes on the planet.
0	If you're in a lot of fucking debt, go talk with a bankruptcy attorney. If it's student loan debt, you can still file for income based repayments if your payments are unbearable right now. If most of it is not student loan debt, then bankruptcy may help you. Depending on the laws in your state, you may even be able to keep your assets including your house, as long as you don't have too much equity in it.
0	So I'm going to let you in on a bit of knowledge that will probably go unappreciated. The completely raw meat of just about any animal is, bar none, the best meat in the world (exception pig, never eat raw pork, ever.) Thinly sliced raw beef is a treat to die for and raw venison is majestic. But then you have the problems of transportation and storage.   If you shoot a cow in the head and eat the meat right then and there, it is literally, the best thing you'll ever taste, really, just the memories of it make my mouth water. But that is highly impractical, chances are most of us never will get to enjoy that. So the meat has to be processed and cured to some degree. I'm not going to go into unnecessary details, but processing the meat makes it unfit to eat raw (it is really fucking disgusting, but I won't go there).   That's a shame, because as I said earlier, "the raw meat of just about any animal is, bar none, the best meat in the world" so by the time it gets to your local super market, you have a slice of great meat wrapped in shit and germs. You have to cook the meat long enough to kill the germs on the outside or you're going to have a bad time that may include a trip to the local ER.   So we have this interesting problem, the more you cook the meat, the safer it is, but the less you cook the meat, the better it is.   By the time the meat gets hot enough on the outside to kill the germs, you've pretty much ruined all the meat outside. If you are lucky you have a core of great tasting red meat in the center.   That's traditional cooking, and that's where Sous Vide cooking comes in. Sous Vide is about cooking meat at the lowest possible temperature and persevering the lowest possible safe temperature, and thus the best possible taste.   Sous Vide is the best tasting cooked old meat possible. It is amazing, the flavors that happen with Sous Vide, they do not exist for normal people.   But people are scared of raw meat. So when you cook a Sous Vide dish, you fry it up in a pan with oil, and make it ready for the customer, by burning the outside and making it look "right."   Truth of the mater is, a raw chunk of beef taste greater than most people will ever know. People don't get that, and transportation sucks, so the best most people will ever know is a hunk of meat run trough the Sous Vide cooking process.
0	Because books have gone through an editing process and at least SOME publisher thinks the ideas contained within deserve to be published. Not necessarily true with an article, especially on the internet. Books are subject to a lengthier approval process, held to a higher standard and receive far more peer, publisher and reader scrutiny.   The reason? Money. It's expensive to publish, print and distribute books, so the publisher wants to make sure they have a high quality product before they ship it. Mistakes, subpar content and poor sales can result in recalls, reflect badly on the publisher and cost millions. Not so with an article, which anybody with a keyboard can write in less than a day and publish on their blog, or a website they own. Some of the larger web publications have professional standards, but these are also magazines and reputable news sources whose articles appear both online and in print.
0	Seems so. Pretty boring trend. All it shows is that people enjoy being dicks in return.   Okay, you were bullied. That's obviously a bad (sometimes  very  bad) thing. Being grateful over one's death for a bad relationship (namely one where you have bias) is daft.   What I ended up doing was learning to integrate into different friendship groups and becoming 'generally liked' or even 'popular'. It's actually quite an easy thing to do if you have the confidence for it (which unfortunately can be destroyed by bullies for some people) and going from there it's  quite  easy to befriend people who may have previously hated or been hostile to you.   Because of that, I'm aware of the fact that there are many sides to different people and the 'bullshit sides' you see in bullies aren't so much different to what you can see in those who don't affect you badly.  I have a girlfriend who (presumably) likes me very much and sees me in a good light; that doesn't mean to say I'm not a bad person. I very well could be and someone else may have a better perception of who I am and what my values are.   I'm not going to defend bullying; it's a dick-move and needs to be stomped down  immediately.  But I'm not going to dismiss the bully himself, because there are a million and one ways they may have made positive influences or contributions to others (and yes, sometimes from the goodness of their heart).
1	Honestly, if you want to get to a higher Elo, play roles/champions you're good at and stop trying to acquiesce to the people on your team. That's not to say rage or be one of those people who says "x or feed", make an active effort to try and get the role you're best at, but if you can't, go for your second or third best and so on.
1	Depending on the item being purchased and how many GP/10 items you have, you might even wait for up to 100 gold.   *edit: here's my reasoning.   If you're a support (gets all their gold from GP10 anyway) and you have enough GP10 to get you an item quicker if you wait than if you stay in lane, as long as your carry doesn't really need you around, your carry will get more experience while you're away. So as the support, you're giving your carry experience while you attempt to get another item sooner.   (
1	I aint anything like that , I am the type of that that is tall , has belly fat yet I am really athletic ( top of the class except for doing shit like flips then I am average ). I am a strong guy but I am also a guy that is considered idk ... Chubby ? well no ... I don't even know what the word is. I call myself Fat cause honestly if I had any motivation I would lose weight really easily but I don't have the motivation and since I ripped some of my muscles on my legs and my achillies heel it has been tough losing weight cause most of the time it is just pure pain instead of stamina problems. I am a Muay Thai fighter but I stopped cause with Muay Thai and other martial arts , you put your body weight on one leg and since that just hurts too much for me to handle more than 30 minutes I can't do it. Running I can do maximal of like 2 minutes untill it starts to destroy my leggs and I have to take rests every 2-5 minutes and massage my legs. Thing is I am trying to lose weight but with everyone just saying that I should lose some weight it get's even more depressing cause it aint so easy trying to work out with a handicap like that.
0	My 4 year old neighbor could take her seatbelt off, her mom was basically fob from iraq and lived here for a couple years, she eventually got her liscence and began to drive, her daughter herself and her 20 year old neice were in the car while she went 60 on a sharp turn coming out of the highway when the car flipped 3 times and her daughter gotout of her seatbelt beforehand and she flew out the2 back and gashed her head open, my mom was on the phone when the with the translator when the nurse came in and told the mom that her that her daughter was dead.
0	Yeah it really depends how you define the awkward situation here.   Is it OP for mentioning that something sounds like a bonfire?  Not really a socially awkward penguin question (in and of itself).   Is it OP for just walking away instead of saying something like "Sorry to hear that, are you ok?  Is the damage serious?"  Kind of, but that is not the intent of the meme from OP's perspective.   Is it the coworker who said his house was on fire?  Basically, even though it's just an honest, factual statement, it created the awkward situation.   So the seal would be the most appropriate here if you identify the coworker's statement as the awkward situation.
0	That whole notion that Liberal is better than managing the country/ economy than Labour is a misnomer, and if you look back through history, it really doesn't pan out.   Overall, Government takes too much credit for successes and too little blame for failures. Take Howard- he banged on about being able to keep interest rates low, but they spiked on him.   Its a lot like real estate salesmen: when the market is up and they sell a lot, they brag about how great they are, how they achieved high prices, how quick they sold, all because of them.  When they aren't selling, when prices are low, they just blame the market. There's no mention of their skills and value then, is there?   The other thing is, all parties are essentially singing to the same tune. The research done & recommendations put forward into policy & economic reform is independent, and you can bet that within a decade or two, every one will have been adopted, regardless of who was in power.  They'll sell it as if its their idea/ initiative, and the opposition will fight it, but they all know what is going to happen. The mining tax would have gone in if Liberals had been in power, perhaps in a slightly different guise. The GST was introduced under Howard, remember? Labour deregulated the banks (something rather right-wingish to do), etc. etc. etc.   For all the opposition, there is little, if any, fundamental difference.
0	Just because you are an honorable person, that doesn't make you a good person.   Honor mostly has to do with carrying out your words and oaths. If you say you're going to murder a bunch of babies and then carry out with it, then you've been honorable to your word.   During the dark ages the knights bound to their lords or king would more often than not be the guys that were kicking down your door and murdering you in your sleep. This was still a position of esteem and honor despite the horrendous acts that they committed. The problem these days is that people tend to view the word honor through rose-colored glasses and believe the fairytale of the knight in shining armor protecting his loved ones.
0	My boyfriend and I were sitting out on our porch the other night with our roommate as he smoked a cigarette, when we noticed a kitten in our neighborhood we've never seen before. He seemed freaked out by all the cars, and had a tag, since we'd never seen him before we felt bad about leaving him out on the street, so we took him inside, with the intention to call his owner the next morning. But as we were drunk we kept debating whether he was actually lost or just an outside cat. Around 4 in the morning he woke us up because he was fighting with our cat so my boyfriend took him and threw him in the backyard, so he at least wouldn't be on the busy street. My roommate saw him out and about the next night, so hopefully he's just somebody's new cat.
1	adcs are fine as they are in terms of damage, but there needs to be better defensive items for them. When it comes to late game you're either being destroyed by a mundo or one-shotted by an assassin. GA means they have time to reposition and doesn't always work, and banshees is nice but only mitigates the damage from an assassin. Besides, with both of these you can be chased out of a teamfights and it's always down to the bruisers/AP casters to win the fight. It comes to the point where if you don't have flash up you are as good as dead, and if you do you're still not able to do any damage.   Of course all of this can be fixed by solid peel from your team mates, but in soloq that just doesn't happen and I've had multiple games of going 17/3 or something like that, getting one shotted as my team is trying to chase the enemy adc and we lose. ADCs don't have the presence in fights any more and good positioning means less and less if a kat can flash>e>w>r instakill you no matter what. Of course adc's shouldn't be able to fight bruisers but there isn't much point if your sole job is to waste cooldowns and hopefully put a dent in a mundo.   But to reference your original post, 6 item cait can easily face a 4 item voli, she's the best kiter in the game. Work on stutter stepping and you should be fine. Alternatively, DON'T TRY TO 1v1 A VOLIBEAR. You should never be alone, the current meta means you'll be destroyed by pretty much anyone. Your job is to back up your team, not to 1v1 everyone. Armour pen wouldn't do much against a voli because he works off health with his passive, and buffing LW would be overpowered.
1	I think the servers problem is in every region then? Because here in the (sadly, someone save me) BR region the servers run on potatoes, it has been more than one year and Riot is still to figure out how to make features like spectator mode work here.   Also it is almost impossible to get banned unless you take a picture of you fucking a baby panda in the ass while you play in a bought account using scripts and DDOSing the servers.  Now you have to take the picture and send to someone who works at Riot BR, better chances to be banned if you send together with a R ioter relative that you just murdered.
0	Every war has been instigated for political expediency.  The wars on poverty and drugs, if you consider their effects rather than the stated goals, are about solidifying and further stratification of classes in America to further political hegemony.  The federal government ran an extensive test of a basic minimum income and concluded that it would end poverty with a net gain in productivity.   The caveat is the "meritocracy" veneer that the plutocracy uses to maintain status quo melts away, making established political means of influence less effective.  So you can imagine it wasn't so popular with anyone in a position to implement it.
0	Let me just say: I am a firm believer that the  different  strengths of men and women can work together harmoniously in any environment be it work, the home, research, games or what have you for the benefit of everyone.   I've had this whole feminism/chivalry conversation w/ a female colleague (senior to me) several times.  I initially struggled with the seemingly contradictory treat-me-equally attitude mixed with her complaining about douche-bag guys not opening doors for her on dates.  My conversations with her made me realize that the lack of chivalry she was complaining about didn't exist because these men were consciously choosing to treat her as a strong companion fully capable of opening her own doors, they were just self-absorbed and didn't put any thought into opening the door at all (everyone has been talking about the death of politeness...).  That made me realize that I probably also looked like a self-absorbed asshole when really, every time I would let a girl open the door, drive us, or lift me over a puddle I was putting way too much thought into feminism and "To be chivalrous, or not to be chivalrous!"   As hard as it is to admit being wrong, I have changed my behavior.  I am chivalrous in an effort to express that I am not self-absorbed.  I don't jump out of my car to awkwardly rush around and open the door, but if we're walking up to it or the valet pulls it up, I'll open her door for her before going to open my own (not open-close, I let her get in at her own pace).  I don't insist that she take my coat, but if she looks cold I say, "You look cold, I'm not cold at all, please take my coat if you're uncomfortable."  If we are walking on a busy street, I subtly slip around to the street side so she's not brushing shoulders with rear-view mirrors. There are more but I think I've made the point. These are not things I would do for a male companion. These are not things done because women are fragile and weak.  I perform such acts of chivalry to make the time my female companion chooses to spend with me more pleasant for her. Maybe she will pick up on the fact that I do not simply believe "this is my world and she's just living in it," maybe she won't. Either way, I won't come off as an arrogant sexist or a self-absorbed asshole.
1	Have you ever tried to paste into cmd? It's not hard to disable the copy or paste feature in a program. As you stated, someone could just make a macro to type in the specific and static summoners code in. However, if Riot made the section of the code they had to type have random strings or start and end in different spots during different sessions.
1	Blitz is probably one the most annoying supports because he can engage without risking much. In a 2v2 fight with no advantage yet (no kills or massive cs leads) he can pretty much start fights whenever he wants to, mainly because in his combo he can take you down for a lot of damage without letting you respond in kind.   The grab factor also changes the lane so much that avoiding grabs becomes your highest priority, which, for many lower elo players, means losing the lane in terms of farm, and reflects very strongly in their mid-late game.     Blitz is perfectly balanced, both in solo queue games and team games. He's a bit meaner in solo queue because a lot of players get grabbed unnecessarily. He's a great initiator but can be shut down so much during the laning phase, so it balances out for team games. After his combo, Blitz is pretty much useless. That combo is also (mostly) used for one champion and the initiate for a fight. When you compare him to Leona, who can initiate almost as well but do a lot more with her kit during fights, he's really not that great in the mid-late game unless he snowballs his lane (which he's quite good at).     Squishy supports don't do well against Blitz, especially if you get grabbed. Leona loves him though. If he grabs you, you can W before he knocks you up and negate a lot of damage, not to mention after he grabs you, you get a free ticket to locking down either Blitz or his ADC while your ADC can auto for the win. I like most support champions, but at lower elo and especially with an ADC that isn't very good, Blitz can just destroy the lane. It's pretty easy to dodge his Q once you have boots as a support (you should almost always be able to dodge/zone his Q as an ADC), and if he can't land grabs he can't support.     The nerf was great, because he was incredibly tanky, and the strat to use against Blitz is mainly poke him down so if he grabs you, you can kill him. You won't notice it unless you use it, and I'm guessing you don't do it as much.     Play either very passive or very aggressive. If you play passively, place yourself so that your minions are always in front of you. Expect him to grab you whenever he can, but notice how far his ADC is from where he is/where you are. If the range is far enough from his ADC, don't be afraid to let yourself get grabbed so that you can put it on cooldown. If his ADC is in a position where they have to use abilities to get to you, then you want to get grabbed.       I like to play in his face and take away the grab factor. Pick Graves and Taric and go balls deep on him early on (level 3 works best). If he grabs Taric, go for his ADC and trade with them 1v1 since only MF/Draven can trade equally or favorable against Graves early. If he grabs Graves, stun their ADC and run straight at him. Once Graves is out of the combo, he can turn on the ADC as well and blow them up. Blitz is essentially useless after his grab/fist, so use that to your advantage.   What we like to do botlane is to be so aggressive that Blitz has to use his hook to get us off the ADC. Once he can't force you to miss CS or zone you, it's almost a 1v2 lane for you.   Your ADC doesn't matter as much, the key point is to choose the right support. You want either a passive support that can keep you save from any grabs, such as Nunu, Alistar, Janna or Taric, or a very aggressive support such as Leona, Taric or Janna (if you can actually play her aggressively).   It goes without saying that to pick Kog'maw or Ashe would be silly. Graves, Miss Fortune, Ezreal, Draven and Corki all work fairly well against Blitz. If you take a Draven/Taric or Graves/Taric combo, you can play the lane either way (passive or aggressive), and I think it's the safest combo to play against him.
1	Phreak is a great guy, but I just cannot agree with the whole, "if you're stuck there, then that's where you're supposed to be." description of Bronze, or any tier. It's not always black and white, and there is a lot of Grey. There are those people that are a cut above yet consistently held back their teammates. I think we've all had these games. And yeah, we are often part of the problem ourselves. It's not even a set percentage of how often it's our own fault. It varies by person, as do the games. Sometimes you're lucky enough to have teammates who know what they're doing, and enemies who don't, and vice versa. It happens in every tier from what I understand.
0	Hello, someone who has driven across the US 2 1/2 times here   I come from Maryland where this doesn't really apply as much, but I've noticed that when you have no one in front of you, you drive a little slower and drive more passively. When there are cars in front of you, you will typically try to catch up to them and when you do, you're already going faster than them so you keep making passes until eventually you're out in front and you stop paying attention to catch-up and more to the speed limit. When I get passed, its always a sign to me that I'm not keeping up with the flow of traffic and need to speed up, when I'm alone its a sign that no one else is keeping up and I should slow it down before cops come.
1	I fuuuuuckkking hate when people post
1	Dude i have a smurf as well, and I dislike those lvl 30 being rude and stuff to you real noobs (nothing offending) Theyre like OMG noob stop feeding while the guy's just got 50 games max. Hate that cause you can't learn from that. And actually I found out that most lvl 10-15 players I play with are lvl 30 smurfs, and that shocks me. Ofcourse i'm trollin people at those game, getting strange picks, AP ashe and stuff, and I still carry cause I know the mechanics, but i'm sick of people here to rape noobs, and raging flaming at their teamates.
0	As a liberal, I hate being stereotyped as someone against the second ammendment and whatever other bullshit propoganda people believe from the NRA.   I support the second ammendment. I'm from Texas,  everyone here has a gun. But to pretend that making backround checks more stringent is an infrigement upon the second ammendment is silly, to put it mildly.   Another thing about the second ammendment: I'm fairly certain no one from the NRA or anyone who listens to them has actually read the constitution or the second ammendment, because the entire sentence of the oft-quoted phrase "the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed" reads "A WELL REGULATED (emphasis added) militia being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed."   So without getting into whether they actually meant to say firearms owners are allowed arms only to be in militias (possible), people (NRA and their blind, decoted followers) keep ignoring the word "regulated" in their favorite sentence of their favorite ammendment.   As a side note, I think the "guns don't kill people, people kill people" argument is a little crude but has the right idea. That being said, wouldn't incteased backround checks agree with that idea?   /rant
0	I felt that way after my first kid, and I knew there were things I could have done to make time or giving/getting more space with or at the expense of my spouse.  But our first kid was easy.  Never really felt forced to deal with it.   Fast forward 8 years to child #2.  Absolute demon spawn.  Love him to death, but would not wish him on my worst enemy.  He is an unstoppable force of nature.  My wife and I have been forced to actually have a "hired" babysitter beyond just family so we have enough options when we need to get out.  We split time on sundays every other week where one of us spends time with the older one and the other takes the younger one.   So, I guess
1	Riot always cheers me up. The company is just so likeable. We love you Riot.
1	I totally agree. I pretty much want S4's gameplay to slightly de-emphasize 'this is the way to win lategame' strategies and be more about the individual game: who is farmed, who has what items, what are the team comps, how is that going to effect gameplay, etc. "How are we going to interact with our enemy". It's so much deeper that I find it so surprising to see people in this thread say, "I like seeing one team take an inhibitor and win in 30:00, as it leads to shorter games". It's just so uninteresting!   Right now pushing comes first, vision comes second, everything else comes third. The crappiest team comp in the world could take bot inhibitor and do a baron dance. Compare this to Dota (since you are bringing up the comparison) where moments like "The Play" utilize so many distinctive gameplay interactions: hero-to-hero, skill-to-item, utilizing Smoke ganks, etc. LoL has very little of that while gameplay revolves around a slow squeezing push after a lead has been built.   The general late game flow should be; use what you've got to best mitigate the strengths of the enemy team -> push whatever advantage you gain -> dampen whatever weaknesses you lose. The stuff that happens  in the heat of the moment  that is game specific is the interesting gameplay...not watching a baron'd up team slowly push turret after turret over the course of four minutes.   If you make baron buff last half as long, remove the HP5, increase the offensive stats (AD/AP) you get, you'll see much more 'explosive' late game action. If a team is weaker and they get aced two or three times, you'll see games end in the same amount of time. If a team doesn't 'deserve' to lose yet and still have a fight in them, structures more resilient to pushing will keep the game going longer while it's still close and interesting
0	My friend asked me why this happens when we we waiting for the shutters to open when we were coming back to work, I instantly got the biggest urge to pee in my life and had to do the strange jig dance (I'm sure some of you know it) my best guess for this was because when you are returning home, it's something you do so often your brain relax's and goes into a similar state to when you are concentrating on something i.e your phone... my you are walking. The only word I could use to describe it was auto-pilot for your brain, but when you get to your destination your brain triggers all your senses and urges to kick back in.  Does anyone know if I'm close?
1	No one has said anything about him being the MVP. They're chanting his name for his contribution to LoL and eSports. The guy really put things into motion. Back when there were almost no streamers and no own3d he did his best to do the best he could for people wanting to watch streams. He was happy with 1k viewers which was huge back then and look at the viewers streamers net in now
1	At 180 normal wins, your mechanical skills, game knowledge, reaction times, and even maybe map awareness are not full developed. 70% of ranked games sub 1100 ELO either end in surrender votes at 20 minutes or are thrown late-game because people either:   a) get stomped in lane and have no idea how to recover   b) can't make plays   or   c) don't know how to expand on their advantage when they're put ahead   Also, you don't do it because your definition of "fun" may be another's definition of "pain."   Say I just got Level 30. I've heard about ranked games from a forum, maybe, or a more experienced friend. So, I queue up for a ranked game. I have never watched any streams, read a few guides, though I don't know how any of the items benefit me, I can't build masteries or items situationally, I've never worried about last hitting and I never buy wards. I get into the ranked game and see that champions can be banned and that I have to wait for my turn to pick my champion. Considering that I've only played in low ELO normals, I pick Yi, even though I'm last pick and the team needs a support. I see a Soraka with Clairvoyance and Heal and call her a noob because I never use those spells. I get into the game, buy a Doran's blade and immediately go top even though Riven already called it because I have no idea what the meta is. Ultimately, my goal in the game is to Alpha Strike onto enemies and then kill them, that, and autoattacking minions. I feed 7 kills to the top lane Tryndamere after 15 minutes and then decide to quit because I'm not having "fun" anymore.   There's a very thin line between your fun and my pain. Some people can have fun losing, some people can have fun winning. The latter are the ones who will do anything to win. The former will be the ones who lose you games because they don't care.
1	What usually works for me, is if I see some one "giving up" telling them that if they are going to lose anyway they may aswell try as what have they got to lose.   This also works for objectives, if your a 0/8 adc keep pushing. who cares if you die, you are worth like 30g anyway as long as you dont get a kill, so many times i have just taken a pink and started baron when we are 20 kills behind and come back from the gold + buff.
1	games that are stalling out are not caused by turrets beeing to strong :D I actually enjoy longer games rather than short 1-sided games with no chance for the team behind to recover.   Also, fights at nexus are rare, because teams know the turrets are close to useless when you have a 300 armor tank, so basically now, they fight at inhibs/outside turret range and if the attacking team wins or gets 2-3 enemies down, the tank will just proceed and facetank the turret without taking any substantial damage for the other team to be able to come-back.
1	I'm bored so I'll do some math...   Assume you're a level 12 vayne and you already have blade of the ruined king and zerk greaves and +35 attack damage from runes/masteries/doran's/whatever and +4% attack speed from masteries.   Your next item could be either infinity edge or trinity   assume you maxed tumble first, you have four points in silver bolts, and you tumble once for every 2.5 seconds of strait stand still auto attacking and you get a trinity proc everytime you tumble. assume enemy has 1500 max health for the purposes of silver bolts and your opponent has 100 armor after whatever so i'm just going to punch in silver bolts damage as double the value of regular damage.   Your auto attack DPS is calculated as:   .658 [base vayne attack speed]    1.981 [bonus attack speed %]   ( 149 [your attack damage] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts damage]) .... multiply that by 2.5 and then add 149   1.5 [tumble damage] + (.07   1500 + 50) * 2/3 [silver bolts tumble proc]   so crunching the numbers, your damage over 2.5 seconds with a tumble + some autos is 1149.12.   Add triforce and do the math again:   .658 [base vayne attack speed]    2.281 [bonus attack speed %]   ( 179 [your attack damage]   1.10 [crit] + (.07 1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts damage]) .... multiply that by 2.5 and then add 179   1.6 [tumble damage adds with crit] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts tumble proc]+178[Sheen damage]   crunching the numbers, your damage is now 1694.28... which is 545.16 more than it was without trinity force.   next, do it with IE instead of triforce:   .658 [base vayne attack speed]    1.981 [bonus attack speed %]   ( 219 [your attack damage]   1.375 [crit & crit damage bonus] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts damage]) .... multiply that by 2.5 and then add 219   1.875 [tumble dmg/crit/crit dmg] + (.07   1500 + 50)   2/3 [silver bolts tumble proc]   your damage is 1831.98... which is 682.86 more than it was before.   Since IE just adds pure damage, we should divide 3700g by the 682.86 damage that IE adds to determine the value of "damage"... each point of "damage" in this math experiment is worth 5.418g... using this analysis, trinity force adds 2954 (rounded) gold worth of damage, and it costs 3628g.  That's 674g that needs to be made up in other stats on the item.   So the question: is the 250 health, 200 mana, 8% move speed and move speed proc on trinity force worth 674g?  If yes, it's worth buying tri on vayne for the mid game at least.  For late game infinity edge will scale better (you can pick up IE eventually anyway, it's not like tri is slot inefficient.. could replace PD or something in your build)... i'm too lazy to do late game math right now, anyway.
1	I am really impressed by what they did as a team. They had to go through a whole lot of community flak AS A TEAM for a mistake a single player did. They had to play on the biggest stage possible with a sub for half their games and still put up quite a good fight.   All in all, SK deserves to be honored. Yes, the Svenskeren incident was stupid. Alliance underestimating Kabum was equally stupid, but it somehow makes me even more angry.
1	It's not a bad idea but, as someone who plays on a Challenger 5's team (Team Try Again), it would remove a certain element of practice. If you want to see the enemy team and practice banning people out strategically, you can always scrim for that. But if you were to remove the element of secrecy from ranked 5's queue then you would lose your ability to practice adapting to unexpected strategies and situations to a large extent.
0	I mean it sucks. Parents definitely should plan ahead and save for your education, but they can't always do that. When it comes to your parents being resentful isn't gonna get you anywhere. Sure she could have done better, I'm sure you coulda done better too. It's easy to forget that your parents aren't really much older than you. Parents are fallible just like children.
1	I didn't think ping matter that much when the differences were so small.  I also felt the same way about FPS.   I played all of last season, and most of this season (Until around mid-June) on 100 Ping (Louisiana) and 30 FPS.  I was floundering around in Silver, bouncing between Silver 1 around 50% win rate.  I hit a point in Mid June where my ping was regularly at 180 and still 30 FPS.  I dropped back to Silver III and basically gave up on ranked until I bought a new router.   New router, dropped me to 77 Ping, where I remain, and I jumped to Silver I again.  I then cleaned my computer and set game settings to absolute lowest settings (Except sound) and gained 50 FPS.   With 77 Ping and 80 FPS my play improved CONSIDERABLY.  I was able to dodge more skill shots, my last hitting wildly improved, and my ability to team fight improved considerably.  I quickly jumped to Gold V, where I still am currently.   If my Ping went down to sub 30, I could probably climb Gold.
1	Well start with our golden rule  you can use League of Legends IP as the basis for a fan project that youre giving away for free or thats only generating ad revenue (well refer to this type of free fan project as a Project), as long as you comply with the guidelines outlined below for using our IP (the Guidelines). As a matter of fact, as long as you comply with our Guidelines, we think its great if you create awesome, free and original content for League of Legends fans.   If you ask players to pay you for something thats based on our IP, however, youll first need our prior written consent. Submit a request for consent by contacting us at 3rdPartyRequests@riotgames.com so we can inspect your work and decide whether your Projects gonna be allowed. To be clear: our default answer to these sorts of projects is to disallow them."
0	Mad Men, every free second of my day, Mad Men, lunch break at work, Mad Men, bus ride home, Mad Men, waiting for the microwave, Mad Men, watch it on my PS3 and when I get called out of my room I switch to my iPhone, Mad Men has taken over my life recently. On season 4 right now. If you haven't seen it I suggest you put it at the top of your queue on Netflix! Last time I remember getting hooked like this was Dexter, Breaking Bad, Community and Arrested Development. Basically OP what I'm trying to say is... Dat Feel...
0	Honey, regardless of your weight, he does not have permission to do that shit unless you explicitly gave him permission (which it sounds like you didn't).   It's your life, and it's not the job of a random Internet stranger to tell you how to live it, especially since there's so much more to your relationship than I know.   In my experience, though (here comes the unsolicited opinion/advice): if you are making excuses for his shitty behavior, then he's not worth your time. Period. I don't care if you two break up, single is better than being with a jackass who faults you for his shitty behavior. Worse, shitty excuses he gives ("you're fat") manipulate you into thinking you are doing something wrong when you're not.   I'm sure he wasn't always a jackass and that he treats you well (or your perception of "well") in other ways, otherwise you wouldn't have given him the time of day to begin with.   But along the way, something changed. And you are being gaslighted, sorry to be the one to tell you.   I get it - you don't know me, what the hell do I know, who am  I  to talk about your relationship. You love your bf, you want to make him happy, you're willing to sacrifice a lot if you have to...   But girl. He is hurting you. He is controlling you. He is damaging your self-esteem.   I care about you. I was once that girl. I was that girl for like 6 years.   Please don't be that girl. You don't have to listen to a damn thing I say. But if nothing else, please think about how you have changed as a person as a result of him. You don't have to think about only bad changes or only good changes... Just think about how you've changed
1	Lux.   You have to play her smart against certain multi gap-closing champs (Kassadin, Ahri, Leblanc) and manage her mana as her mp5 is really bad. She's not too easily zoned without having to take damage and she's extremely difficult to gank if they time a slow snare chain.   Once mid game hits and you are good with skill shots she becomes a real terror. Your Q-E-R combo will 70-0 a carry and if you have good farm and some items you can 100-0 someone. Basically if they get snared, they die. Your range allows you to build direct AP forgoing some of the survival ap items (RoA / Rylais) and sometimes even Mejais as viable.   The true strength in Lux that makes her broken though is her sheer utility and damage combination for her team. Her shield for both fights and baron is OP. She can double snare and chain with a slow allowing kiting/poking all day long. Finally, her ulti. Oh man, that is just cream on top. A 24 second ultimate with 3000 range that deals 500 (+.75 AP ; also procs passive for more) damage. A good Lux burns that ulti as a team fight starts and watch the enemy melt. Not to mention in her combo she can one shot an enemy carry end game at a 1000 range unless they have an MR item along with Aegis/Soraka aura on their team, even then taking them down to barely any hp. Don't get caught.   Running Flash Teleport (if you are in range of ignite chances are you are already dead mid-late to late unless using a lich bane finish) on her makes it absolutely broken for bot lane ganks early game too. Landing a double root and putting down the slow is almost a double kill everytime.
1	So I'm just going off of the quoted text here (since I will assume you quoted all relevant text?).   The first issue, Lyte and Ymir. Lyte says the application of restrictions isn't automated, and no where in Ymir's text is that contradicted. You seem to have an issue with Ymir's wording and have assumed that he meant the system was automated. Nothing is perfect, no system, no human, and they agreed with that, but nowhere is it stated by Ymir that the system is automated. Way to jump the gun on that... Maybe you assumed the entire system was human controlled or something? Most likely the information gathering is controlled by a program, which makes sense (there are a lot of players).   Ymir's acknowledgement as to room for abuse, you are making assumptions again, you jump to the conclusion that this means the system is completely automated. The "room for abuse" could simply be doing stuff in League that baits another player into breaking the summoner's code (which is an abuse in the Tribunal system as well).   Your example with you and your friend is useless unless you can provide the relevant chat logs, otherwise we'd have to just take your word on it... Which I doubt anyone is inclined to do since we have no idea how you two acted.   > Seems legit. If you're banned enough relative to the number of games you play your account is flagged and most likely automatically chat banned.   Again with the ASSUMPTION of automatic application of the restriction. No where did it say that but you ASSUMED it so.   Pre-game and post game chat logs ARE available to them, even shit you say in chat rooms. I don't know why you find this hard to believe as all that info goes through Riot's servers. Just because the "community" thinks something, doesn't make them right does it.   As for the random timings of handing out of the restrictions, they can easily just tell a program to hand out X restriction to whatever player and have it do that whenever they tell it to, so the time it happens isn't evidence of any dodgy dealings. Maybe it's set to hand out the restrictions weekly/monthly/whateverly and Riot employees just add the names to that list. You just don't know, but yet you assume.
0	This explains so much.  I saw mother's day reminders in the UK on vacation, got back to the states and called my mom to apologies for not getting her anything for mother's day.  She basically thought I was going crazy or had the worst case of jet lag ever.
1	the meta can never be balanced as something will always be stronger than another like cinderhulk junglers being "more powerful" than say assassin junglers. Do you or people even realize how diverse and unique this meta is? A few months ago it was only vi j4 and reksai. Now we see everything from gnar jungle to vi to sejuani to gragas. Urgot is a viable pick. Nautlius and kennen support are a thing. it isnt the same 3 champs in a role like it was a few months ago. Yet ppl think that because they dont know how to play against sej jg, urgot mid, naut support, and all these new things, that the game is "unbalanced". Reason shit like this has high win rates is because theyre new and ppl havent adjusted, but instead of playing against these things or as them to understand how it works, they wine on reddit that x champ is to strong or that an item is too good and needs to be nerfed.   Edit:
1	I agree with you. A lot of people don't realize is that it is very easy to fall very very far behind due to constantly Ganking and not farming.   Also, I think what a lot of junglers miss is that jungling is about applying pressure and trying to snowball other lanes. Sometimes I will just appear in lane while the mid lane is farming and fucking abuse the opponent. It sets up your laner to zone them and send them b or pops the enemy pots. It also says (as the jungler) I am here. I am coming for you. I want to fucking kill you and if my team mate ever wakes up you will be fucking dead. Just don't die or dive on your own. Or you say hey I'm an idiot!   So let's say you have an idiot top laner. (always pushed never warding and keeps getting ganked blaming you, the jungler.) the jungler needs to control that lane by warding the ever living crap out of it. Make lanes un gankable. Or if you see 3 top you have to go and make sure he doesn't die. Unfortunately you will never be thanked for this by them cus they are a noob.   Jungling nerds to be looked at as applying and relieving pressure. A lot of people don't see it that way. Buying a 5 stack of wards puts your build behind but it makes it easier to fight by dragon and Baron and ward your un gankable lanes.   One big thing I see people miss all the time is that say you kill the adc bot and force mid B. It's time to dragon. Not take a tower. Dragon. Dragons are worth a little over 1 tower which can bring you back from a gold deficit or keep you ahead.   Also one last thing about pressure. Supports apply and relive pressure on bot lane. Mids and top laner can also relieve and apply thier own pressure with green and pink wards, they just sometimes refuse to.
1	One issue that I see arriving with this solution would be with queue dodging. Some streamers (cowsep and sirchez come to mind specifically) will get a champion that they use banned or picked away and they resort to queuing up with another account to avoid the dodge time penalties. I'm not saying that what they are doing is wrong, but I don't know how your suggested change would impact this practice.
0	Story time. I'm from a military family, my father served and my brother is currently enlisted. I grew up respecting the offer that these people have made to exchange their lives if need be (preferably using the enemies lives instead, whatever). I'm a civie and proud of my families service to offer what I can not.  That was backstory, now for story proper.  My wife and I married for 10 years are finally pregnant and we just found out we are having a girl. Wife wants IHOP for breakfast and anything for my baby mama, right? We go to costco after the doctors appointment for gas, first. We get there and this couple is taking up this row of pumps but when one finishes they don't pull out to the parking lot to wait for the other, they just sit there.  I wait for a few minutes, watch the guy start and then change his mind about moving and I try to encourage him with my horn.  The whole time this gas attendant in his 60s watch this and was waiting for me to react instead of telling the guy to move.  The gas attendant starts talking to me like my father (bad move, had just stopped talking to him for allowing his wife to harass my family), he tells me I could have gone to another line (I'm obviously OCD or anal retentive enough not to want to trail the hose over my car).  Also it's my day off so I'm wearing a metal t shirt with the sleeves ripped off like a douche but it's still no reason to treat me like a scum bag. So I respond in kind to his suggestion that I would look him up if I needed life advise from a "gas attendant". Oh boy this got to him. Unfortunately he said a few things that were vague threats "it's a small world you know." that scared my pregnant wife and he justified it with "I'm a Veteran!".  I didn't help make his day better by correcting him "but right now you are a gas attendant"  Since my wife was spooked and we talked to his manager.  She likes to dress in outrageous tie dye outfits on her day off, which came up.  I told I don't want him fired but he should be careful so he doesn't get arrested. Also to not be a dick to customers. Idk, it's weird. It was supposed to a joyous day but this guy attempted to ruin it. Another thing, this guy runs the local aa chapter in the area and he is a relentless dick to people with mental disabilities during the meetings.  He didn't recognize me which further diminished my respect for this guy as a human, "small world, indeed"
0	Pretty limited actually on the T.V. via youtube.....umm..must remember, last time consumed any main-stream media.   Long story? O.K. years ago I got kinda depressed and watched about about 5 hours worth of scrubs clips/shows via youtube. I've looked at enough Dr. House and Arrested Development threads/jokes with pictures to get some of the joke's and recognize characters. However,  I have no idea what their voices' sound like because i've never watched a clip of any of them, so I actually have only the fiatest idea if the words people here put on them correlate to the actual show, but since this has occasionally allowed me to laugh at a joke while off the net and in public, i know that at least some of the time you guy's are honest. That's... uh, about it. i don't think i could name 5 other t.v. shows that are post 1995 at least, and not heavily till the 80's, and reruns. I watched T.V probably an average of 10 hours a week, with the occational day of pure T.V., until I was 14-16 then I stopped for the most part.   Last movie I saw in the theater was 300, at it's release time, and a friend twisted my arm to go..ah, fairly literally on that last bit. I pirate nothing.  I think 300 is actually the last movie i've seen on or off the net, but maybe I'm forgetting something.   Current media indulgences, entertainment's and educating   i do lissen to the radio, some music, Capital Public and NPR, on an actual radio. I watch old nature shows and documentaries or occasional musicians I like on youtube. Bill hicks, George Carlin, Harry Chapin, LOTS of world music, classical, indian raga , ahh, Does Ron Paul count? I watch rather a lot of Ron Paul and Glen Greenwald. I'm a reddit polic all conversations junkie who just lost her way moonlighting here after caring too much. I'm WAY to busy being serious to waste time on tv., and making "frivolous" comment's like this one is just a healthy steam realease. Oh, that remindes me... i don't play any computer games and have not in 5 years. though i would also say that reddit  is  my computer game. Tack on 30 hours a week+ at my job spent actually working, plus life. I cook a lot, keep house. I read a book every month or so, or sometimes one a day if I'm feeling voracious. I do eye exercise and my vision has actually been improving since I started a computer job and a reddit Habbit 5 years ago.   (oh, and, no i actually don't watch any porn. at all. but I totally respect all you guy's and gal's and your right to. I do look at imager too much and, by my standards, that's  almost  porn.   The only
1	I agree that Saint can sometimes be a bitch towards his teammates when they fail, but the entire saint/ele thing goes way deeper.   This might come off as heavily biased (which it might be) so take it with a grain o' salt. I also dont feel like digging through the depths of youtube or go through endless comments so i perfectly understand if some of you think i'm making some of it up, and il gladly be proven wrong if someone wants to go digging.   Anyways here goes; As mentioned Saint do like to call people out on their mistakes and may dwelve in them a bit too much. That being said i think most of us can relate to the whole "Man - if this guy had just played this out a little better we would have won"-mentality. So in the heat of the moment you might say some things and some people are worse at controlling their emotions - Saint is imo in this category.   With this established you'd think that Saint gave the same amount of shit to everyone but it is clear that Elementz got a lot more shit than the rest. The reasoning for this distorts from one thing. Elementz failling to admit that he fucked up or come clean on his flaws.   Back in the days (when Ele was on CLG) i was a big time fan of the guy and watched/read anything that i could get my hands on (The glorious tier lists!). I used to think that his word was the law and that he was one of the greatest league players ever. Come season 2 i am sitting at 1800 elo and playing at roughly the same level as Elementz (admittedly i am on EU, so never played with him), and i was baffled why he was at this sucky elo compared to the rest of the pro players were (almost) all well above 2k. At this point most of his facebook comments/updates would be about him bitching over getting trolled in soloqueue. I understand that he would obviously get more trolls in the average game than most others, but the fact that he just brushed of most questions about him being much lower seeded than the rest of his fellow pro players baffled me. From this point it went from bad to worse for Elementz but it's like he still didn't get the memo - that he wasn't the best and that he needed to improve (i'll touch on this further down).   The transition from CLG to Curse is a blur for me, but when Saint and Elementz got picked up by CRS i thought things would finally start going their way. Although most teams have a bumpy start I think that we can agree that the Curse botlane was a lot weaker than the other teams botlanes. A few steps down the road i remember watching a vlog with Elementz saying something along the lines of "I know back when i was on CLG i used to think that i was the best and that it was clearly holding me back, since i didn't think i needed to improve, i know now that i was clearly wrong..." I think to myself - GREAT, he finally got it then the fucker winds the whole vlog of with saying "I feel like Cop and i are definitely the strongest botlane in NA and that we can beat most botlanes when we play at our best." What. The. Fuck. The man just admitted that he used to see himself as the best and that it was a mistake. Him and Cop are losing most of their matchups in season 2 and yet he has the nerve to say that they are better than the rest.   Now things got a lot better for them season 3 (They still halted behind with their botlane but i think they had a moment of clarity somewhere along the way), however i can understand that Saint holds a grudge. When someone fucks up and you call them out on it and they just make some other excuse for that happening, it must really begin to grind your gears.   So when you add a bit of easily irritated Saintvicious, a hint of not wanting to improve, and a sprinkle of harsh language and just let it simmer for a good year, you would have the mixture called Saint-Ele relationship.   What i'm trying to say is that - yes Saint gives people too much crap and should probably try to ease down on the blaming, but at the same time the anger towards Ele is probably a little deeper than the average "Goddamn Cop you suck!".
1	I think barrier is gonna play a huge roll in the future of ADC. With the buffs to Tenacity, you're going to have a bruiser on you at some point. Kiting is going to be really important, but I feel that Barrier will help you survive the initial dive to be able to kite.   I think BotRK will probably replace BT in the core to help keep sustain up especially with the Nuke/Slow/Heal active.   With Barrier, Item Actives, and AS/MS nerfs, they have raised the skill cap for an ADC to be able to battle it out.   Not sure what supports will run but item, gold, and mastery changes mean they will have a much bigger impact on the game. Particularly since the ADC is going to need the backup.   My guess is bruisers will dominate until the skill average raises. Maybe even being a different game in low elo. Triple Bruisers? Nid/Jayce instead of ADC? Beats me but seems exciting. Sorry for the rant.
0	I'm glad to see someone say this.  I just read a book on dissonance theory ("Mistakes Were Made (But Not By Me)") and there was one specific part that really resonated with me for some reason.  At the end of the book, the authors were talking about all the implications of dissonance theory and gave an example of some American psychologists who were doing a study that involved having school children solve puzzles.  It didn't go in depth into the mechanics of the study; it just stated that they were testing an asian kid at some point and he was doing some kind of physical puzzle and having trouble with it.  After a few minutes, they began feeling embarrassed for him.  He worked on it, with no bashfulness, for about 45 minutes until he solved it.   The point is, this seemed so foreign (pun intended) to the psychologists because our culture is harsh toward failure or "looking stupid."  The book went on to state that our culture praises "intelligence" (even though intelligence is widely considered a fluid thing rather than a fixed entity) and decries failure but that cultures that are more effective praise kids for hard work, whether or not they get the answer right or complete whatever task on their first try.   I think this is a huge problem in our school system.  We rank horribly.  As someone who was always told I was smart as a young kid, I can tell you that it is actually debilitating in a way.  You begin to think that the effort you are putting forth doing simple elementary school work is all that you'll ever have to put forth to be considered "intelligent."  College (Chemical Engineering) set me straight pretty quick.  And I was always ingrained with good work ethics.  I've seen a lot of people with good potential and less discipline end up doing so much less than they could do.
1	As good as that might seem for you, sit-ups are really bad for your back and the push-ups... if you play as much LoL as I do, your arms are going to be tired as fuck after like 3 days...   You should do muscle build up one day, cardio the other, or something along those lines. Doing 100 + push-ups a day is REALLY not the smartest idea.   Also, how muscle grows is that it tears whilst you work out, and then when it grows back it grows back larger and stronger. If you don't give your body a rest, it will continue to tear and you could do some serious injury to yourself.
0	After a certain age (say, 3), yes.  Before that, no.  What you have there is not a trainable, rational person.  Base, completely dependent survival instinct is all they know.  Ignoring a squalling infant is completely useless.  Babies cry when they feel like they need something.  Sometimes, it's just that they want to be held.  Guess what, Mom Of The Year!  You were mature enough to believe your contribution to the Human Race was worth making.  So it's worth your attention.  Your life is no longer your own.  If you thought it would be, you're wrong.  You now have a responsibility to that kid, and to the rest of Humanity, to raise it to be a contributing member of society.  That starts as soon as the stick turns blue, and ends when one of you is dead.
1	Frets on Fire teaches you to move your hand.. a LOT. Heck I use any possible part of my hand to play! xD   4 Fingers on  Q W E R  here, and all of them alternate, I just instinctively press the button I need, Actives in  1 2 3 4 5  and get this Zhonya's in  C  (Thumb on the Space bar and paniC button)     Pinky  gets  Q  mainly, and alternates between it and  attack move  and  1     Ring  gets  W   mainly, and  2  and  3     Middle  gets  E  mainly, and  4     Index  gets  R  mainly, and  5  and  T  ^(Laugh binding ^I ^play ^lux ^a ^lot ) and  D  and  F  and  G     Thumb  gets  Space  mainly, and the  V     I hit  CTRL  with the side of my hand to level up an ability, and  ALT  with the palm of my hand to get the self cast.
0	Zimmerman only followed him because the dispatcher asked him to. After they said that was not needed, he turned back for his car then got jumped.
1	Can't wait for /u/blakinola do make a
0	I used to think of this a lot when I was younger and it would freak me the fuck out, because I'd start to think about different things such as language. For example; what if not only our eyes saw different things, but our ears heard different things? So when I say one word, it actually sounds different to someone else and they think I said something totally different. In their response to what I said, they'd say something relevant to what they thought I had said, but I'd hear something relevant to what I had actually said myself. I would freak out because, essentially, I thought we were all alone in the world, unable to communicate with anyone but our own minds, and it scared me to death. But then I figured that's a part of growing up. Of course, now I just know I was a weird child.
0	Similar sort of thing I can compare to this that just happened in the last two weeks around where I live.  A guy my age from a town near where I used to live just passed away (still don't know why.  Don't really want to bother asking someone).  At least 20 people I have as friends on Facebook have made multiple posts per day everyday for the last week about "how much the miss him"  and how they're crying about him being gone and all this shit like that.  Like first day was understandable but days after they're still acting like it just happened.  Its gotten to a point where I'm sick of seeing this kids name on my Facebook wall. People are continuing to post on this dead kid's Facebook wall days after he passed away.  Its starting to seem to me like some of the people at just trying to one up one another on what they're posting and how broken up they can seem.  Other side of my story,  the father of a friend of mine passed away just this last week,  and he is taking it much better than people are taking this kid's death.  Talked to him in person for a good 2 hours and he said the day it happened he was sad about it,  but after that he just kept going like normal and tried to be happy and remember all the good times he had with his father, not just mope around and act like his world is ending,  because that's not what his dad would have wanted him to do.  His is by far dealing with his father's death a lot better than these people I know who have known this kid who died for maybe a few years at most.
0	We're equally confused by it. Also, ever year towards the end of summer we put all of our summer stuff on 75% off clearance rather than just sending it to a warehouse for storage until next summer. Grills, hammocks, patio furniture, beach stuff. All to make room for the Back to School stuff. Then we clearance the back to school stuff to make room for Halloween stuff. Then The Halloween stuff for Christmas, Then Christmas for Valentines Day, Then Valentines Day for Easter. THEN, we set up the summer stuff again. And they're the exact god damned items we celaranced out 9 months ago, only at full price again. Very few new items. Ever year I buy a new hammock for $30 and it's the exact same one as last year.
0	It doesn't necessarily racist. The key is to not make excuses for the assholes in your race, and not be overly hard on the assholes in other races.   In other words, every race has assholes. As long as you react to all assholes the same way regardless of race, you can hardly be considered racist.
0	That happened to me too! There was a speedtrap on BOTH sides of the road. I didn't pay it and it spiraled into a huge clusterfuck where I got my license suspended and then drove anyway because it was only in another state not my home state. Had to go to court. It was dismissed after I paid hundreds in fines but it was a friggin criminal case.
1	I think you greatly overestimate the increased damage from pen. If I may:   With a flat penetration value the absolute highest damage increase possible happens if the target has exactly the same resist value as you have pen. For example if you have 30 mpen then the absolute highest damage increase possible will occur if your target has a maximum of 30 MR. The damage increase will be 30% in this case. If you have 30 mpen and 20 reduction from abyssal and your target has 50 MR then your damage increase will be 50%.   The above is, as I said, a BEST case scenario. If you don't penetrate all of a target's resists then you're left with less than a 1:1 % damage increase. If you walk into lane and gank a target with 40 armor on darius, speccing 0/9/21 just because you feel like eating biscuits and moving fast, then the damage you lose because of the no 8% ArP is fairly low on targets that don't have heaps of armor yet.   Comparing the damage between 8% pen and no pen on a target with 40 armor:   8% of 40 = 3.2   The formula of   1 + [ .01x ] * [ 100 / ( 100 + y ) ] x is the amount of mitigation you are penetrating. y is the amount of mitigation you aren't penetrating.    can be used to calculate the damage output.   So in the case of 8% on someone with 40 of the same resist type (3.2 pen) , the damage increase will be   1 + [ .01(3.2) ] * [ 100 / (100 + 36.8) ]     = 1.023    That is a 2.3% damage increase from the 8% pen on that target.   Using another example on a jungler that would usually take AS and not have pen (such as Maokai). Let's say the target has 40 armor and 38 MR, since they took armor yellows and per level blues and are level 3 or so and then use these values to calculate the difference between having pen and not having pen. 8% of both types of pen with hybrid marks vs no pen at all (ignoring the very slight increase of AD and AP you'll get at these early levels).   First, 8% of 40 and 8% of 38 are 3.2 and 3.04 respectively. Add in .9x9 ArP and .61x9 Mpen from the hybrid pen marks and that makes 11.3 ArP and 8.53 Mpen. Using the same formula (ArP calculations first):   1 + [ .01(11.3) ] * [ 100 / (100 + 28.7) ] = 1.083  1 + [ .01(8.53) ] * [ 100 / (100 + 29.47) ] = 1.066    That's 8.3% extra damage on all your physical damage (auto attacks for maokai) and 6.6% extra damage on all your magic damage (all abilities for maokai). Basically you probably do a lot more damage than you think without pen :D
0	Hopefully we can restore your faith in humanity and parenting. We respect our belongings and have made sure our child does, too. Toys are not stepped on, and she is not allowed to touch the desktop computers. She does have a hand-me down iPod, and treats it wonderfully. Any toys she brings outside, she shows me so we can make sure together that it comes back in. Any toy that is broken by accident, we fix with superglue. Any toy that is damaged from lack of care on her part is gone, with a lesson on "this is why you can't have nice things."   The exception to this was the day after Christmas, and the dog ate the eyes off her new stuffed horse. She was heartbroken. I took her to the toy store and we bought the same one again, and a few days later we found the eyes from the old one. "Now I can have twins!"   I superglued the eyes back on, and they bulged out of the horse's head. Child says, "I have the perfect name - Nervous!" Cracks me up. I'll have to post a pic.   At any rate, child is so wonderful and selfless all the time to the point where THIS Christmas she left a present out for Santa on Christmas Eve because she was worried that he was so busy bringing presents, he might not get one for himself.   Have faith, there are others like our family out there too.  I promise. :-)
1	I love zed with a passion. Picked him up when people were still going "ew a zed mid". i must say, i find it amazing how people can go from thinking a champ is worthless to crying about it.   Anyways, Zed does his job, gimps a carry. Much like other assassins, if you actually protect a adc, assuming they have good positioning, you have rendered Zed or any other assassin either dead or really low health if they jump in. Zed is also near worthless if he doesn't win lane.
0	I know what you mean, I get conflicted as well.  On one hand I don't want to be that obnoxious guy who stares at girls and makes them feel uncomfortable, objectified and not want to come to the gym because of the "male gaze."  On the other hand, there are some really hot in shape girls who wear quite revealing spandex with cleavage popping out which makes for some great eye candy and motivation.   I compare it to someone calling your name, you can't help but to turn and look even if they weren't talking to you, it's just kinda instinct.  When I do this I feel guilty like I've done something wrong even if they dressed like that just so people WOULD check them out.  One of my ex-girlfriends (who happened to be large chested) would avoid going to the gym during normal hours because the looks she got made her so uncomfortable.  I would hate for this to be a barrier for someone trying to get in shape, which is part of the reason I try to avoid looking.   So instead I just end up staring at the freaking floor like some sort of socially inept weirdo or checking out super jacked dudes arms in jealousy wondering how many roid cycles I'd have to do to look like that.
1	Reason why league is better than Dota because like many players said in the past, league is more simple to understand. The announcers on the panel and the in game announcer does a great job on telling you what's happening. If you have any sense of gaming knowledge you'd get the gist of things, I never played dota and I kind of understood on what's going on. If i want to understand more then most likely I'd do my own research and get into the game myself.   My sister doesn't play video games at all but when i showed her a few league clips she gets on gist of what's going on. 5 people killing 5 other people you don't need to know how, just the fact the blue team killed the red team. The noob stream would be pointless, if you want to know on what's going on then research or get into the game itself. Honestly if you're willing to spend time to watch a stream I bet you already some idea on what's going on.
1	I don't agree with your line of reasoning at all.  Matchmaking is still random and you still have an equal shot of having higher mmr than your teammates as you do lower mmr, so then the number of times you are first pick or last pick is still random and unchanged.  The point of a set order based on mmr is so that you can have some idea of how your teammates stack up against you.  If first pick says they are good at something, they probably really are good at it.  As an example, have you ever been in lobby and your last pick says 'Diamond 1 I'm smurfing let me adc' only to have 10 deaths by 15 mins in?  This is what the new system will be like.  You will have no idea how your team stacks up.
0	No problem. I've always felt true stupidity is willful ignorance. People that choose not to learn, choose not to ask questions. Ignorance is simply lack of knowledge which can be remedied. By choosing to seek information, you have proved intelligence, emerging from ignorance, therefore proving lack of stupidity.
1	MMR Rating, (Match maker rating).  Its a hidden rating you cant see.  How it works in ranked:   Before you switch a tier or division you havent been in before the system wants to make sure your just not on a lucky winning streak.  It makes sure you are ready to move on to the next tier/division.  As you win more, the more consistent lp gains you will see.  Stop focusing on LP and focus on WINS.  If you win more then you lose, the system will decide you are ready to move on to the next division/tier and you will start getting normal Lp gains.
1	I do agree that they fill similar roles, I still believe the counter play involved was much more difficult vs nid than vs ziggs. You have already suggested some fair points, but I will just go over ones that I believe you need to consider or reconsider:   Ziggs:     Q vs Q ziggs Q is easier to dodge. Here you did not take into account missle speed. There is the speed of which you can throw the initial bomb, which can explode at max range of 1000 (including radius of explosion) and then bounce further at a much lower missile speed. making it much easier to dodge bounces. Indeed you have the ability to block the ability, but you did not consider the fact about just hitting the ability all together. Nid spear will hit anything in its path from 0-1500 range, where as ziggs if you may throw over a certain target allowing a risk reward situation. Attempt to anticipate the path they are going and they have another option to juke it by going towards you. Vs nid its either move to the side or don't be in 1500 range. Ziggs has a hole in just main dmg ability that nid spear did not have and would do the same dmg as a bomb to the one target in that hole.     Dmg. I believe you mis-calculate the likeliness of hitting a spear more than 525 range. To put in perspective, does nid put herself in ADC range (which seems to be a min of 525 and median of 550)? And in your thought process is that anything over the min damage range for a spear is higher value. What I believe you underestimate is the the amount of dmg that comes out because of the dmg multiplier for distance. Getting hit by a spear that hits for with a 100% multiplier is getting hit by 2. that's being hit by 2 ziggs Qs at once. With that, we have an ability that on a cd that's 33% more than ziggs can hit for 250% more if hit on a single target. Whether your intention is max dmg to a team or to one person has not been taken into account yet, but I would believe the ability to take 1 person out of a fight is an easier win than trying to take out multiple at once.     Now that brings me to kit for poking. Spamable abilities like these are all that's needed in poke. Just one ability with high dmg and low cooldown. Arguably, whether it's Aoe or Single target it doesn't matter in a lot of cases. you're looking to hit targets and get them low until they are deemed unfit to fight. So the rest of the kit, could be anything, and a kit full of escapes and utility would probably prevail for the purpose of poking and keeping the poker a live. Ziggs a little more of a teamplayer in that respect. 2 CCs and obviously CCs help everyone on your team by preventing the enemy from doing anything. where as nid has an escape, a passive situational MS buff and a heal.
1	Froggen is without a doubt the best Anivia player in the world. EG (previously CLG.EU) has some ridiculous win rate with Froggen on Anivia -- even beating out M5 a few times at their prime. On top of that, EG's whole team strategy - turtle until super late game - is a perfect match with Froggen's Anivia.
0	Hi fellow Coloradan! I'm a grocer here at a massive natural foods store. The closest thing we have to a Brit aisle is going to World Market. They have tons of international foods. Whole foods doesn't have a Brit aisle, but rather many British product throughout their stores. The bigger king soopers might have a few items an Safeway will have a few too but our grocers tend to cater to Mexican and Asian ethnic foods rather than European.
0	I have been working in the gym industry for about five years now. I'm no professional, but I typically clock in about 40 hours a week working (on top of my typical 1-3 hour sessions [depends on if I do cardio/eat mid workout]). This puts me in the ballpark of 50+ hours a week spent at a gym learning all that I can through reading books and just simple trial and error. I am not at all a professional in this field (I used to compete in power lifting, and am starting to dabble into body building a good bit), but I would say that I could successfully manage a gym fairly successfully.   With all that being said, I do not think that a gym is a play that anyone under the age of 18 should be without proper direction or coaching at constant time. From a logistical standpoint, it can be dangerous to their health in more ways than one. Piled onto that the immaturity level of  most  people (at least in lower Alabama) under the age of 18, it is just a dangerous composition. It can, as op stated, a complete devastation to the already minimal ego of an individual that is trying to turn their life around. To quote a rather silly sub (/r/swoleacceptance ), you must first be swole of the mind, before you can be swole of the body.
0	I've build loads for myself and my friends. I never charge my friends because I want to introduce them to custom PCs and PC gaming the best way, and I enjoy it anyway. Because I am a reviewer I am normally able to sell them something on the cheap, so they get a lower price and I earn some money.   Anyway, I was building one for my friend and he asked whether he could watch so he could try to understand how they worked. I was pretty experienced by this time so I wasn't bothered. But, the case I chose, a Zalman Z7 was a complete bastard! It was an excellent case for the price, but I had to wrestle with the thing to install anything. Eventually I got it together after receiving a massive gash to my finger and cleaning the blood off the motherboard.   It took about 4x longer than it should and made me look a complete moron. Finally I got the thing together, went to power it up. Nothing. No POST beeps, no fans, completely dead. He was looking at me like "WTF, why is my 700 PC not working." I played it off, started testing the PSU, checking for shorts on the back of the motherboard tray, checking to front panel connectors. Then my friend pulled off the front bezel. Turns out the power switch is on the bezel rather than the main body of the case, and you had to connect the button to the wire that goes to the motherboard header. I felt a complete idiot, I've never been in a situation where a PC hasn't worked first time, and with the guy watching me the pressure was on. So all that fault finding just to find that the switch wasn't connected!
0	The shit you're spewing is vile and dumb and could be corrected with a visit on wikipedia, anyone taking the time to entertain you is naive and way too kind.
0	I had one last night. Requested two bottles of Schneider HopfenWeiss that cost 6.95 each. Staff opened and poured them into the correct glasses. Customer takes a sip and says "I don't want that, change it for a lager". Staff member refuses and they ask for the manager. I step in and tell them that we've provided exactly what they asked for and, as the product is not defective, we cannot exchange it simply because you don't want it any more. Queue abuse and being told that we have "really shitty customer service ". I still have to apologise.
1	I love how you point out picking mechanics over numbers.   In LoL the team with most damage to throw brainlessly at each other will win 90% of the times.   Try to pick pure damage heroes in dota such as lycan, ursa, skeleton king, etc and you will fail miserably.   Punishment : I think the biggest issue LoL has, in terms of restrictions, is the lack of punishment for dying, thats why you dont often see comebacks and most games are just lulstomps.   "Oh hey im playing cait, died 4 times on the first 15 minutes, oh well, nevermind, i will just keep farming and eventually if we dont loose before 50 minutes i will be pretty much oneshotting everyone else.   Oh i died 8 more times, that wont slow down my nobrainer Boots, IE, PD, LW for long, i just have to wait to respawn and keep farming"   Summoner Spells : like really you cant consider a game "competitive" if you give them a free out of jail card (yes, im looking at you Flash), you want flash? GET A MOTHERFUCKING ASSWHOOPING 2150g BLINK DAGGER WHICH WILL GIVE YOU ZERO STATS, this is a double edged sword, you will be able to do amazing initiations and will eventually make the dagger worth it, but if you want to be bad and rely on flash to save your sorry ass because you didnt see the enemy coming (ON A GAME WHERE WARDS ARE ALWAYS AVAILABLE, YOU CAN BUY AS MANY AS YOU WANT) then thats your pennalty.   Towers : They deal WAY too much damage, it increases the passivenes of the game by a bloody lot, there isnt a way to make things go faster, you cant pull jungle creeps, you cant deny, on TI2 mouz was taking tier 1 towers in TWO MINUTES, it speeds up the game a lot, making it a lot more dynamic
0	You kind of answered your own (rethorical) question. The world is in 3D. That's why you would want to watch movies in 3D. It's more realistic.   Unfortunately, we are living in a time where the technology for 3D movies are imperfect, and we are still learning about the effects they have. For some, they give people headaches. Glasses-free technology is still imperfect as well, because you have to be at a specific position to see it properly, which would be even harder to implement in a theater because there are a hundred different eyes facing the screen at different positions.   Luckily, right now you have the option to see it in 2D and 3D. I personally enjoyed it in 3D (at first, there was some very weird things going on, but half way into it, I had completely forgotten about it and was amazed). Hopefully, they'll fix the technological issues (soon) where almost everyone will be able to enjoy movies and TV without the extra cost or problems (and they'll make the movies without even thinking about the 3D effects).
1	why you think its under SR.   Wat? It isn't and I don't. He opens tears in reality to the endless void. He should do that and use them to recall, not fly up-up and away. He should open a rift and emerge from it at base. That would be easier to animate and visualize as "below" him, similar to his W, than to animate and visualize above him. If it was to his sides/front then the entire recall animation would need to be changed.
0	Oh joy, someone actually said this!  CRT displays use a shadow mask, and have no official "native" resolution.  They can display any resolution to a certain degree of clarity.  LCD displays have a single native resolution.  Playing anything but 1920x1080 videos will look like garbage because the image is not mapped 1:1 to the pixels in the set.
0	I used to be one of those guys. Honestly, it took my 3 years of practice and trial and error to be able to say that I love my dating life now.   My advice: Approach dating like anything else you're not good at. Find a friend that has a way with women, read a book (Read David DeAngelo several times), basically find someone to learn from.   Then: Practice, practice, practice. Approach and talk to women, but more importantly learn from your mistakes. Athletes, musicians, and artists all work on perfecting their technique. Why treat meeting women any differently? I analyzed every message, date, and interaction to learn what I could.   After that: Understand that your belief in your ability to date women is like a table top with no legs. At first it's a bit shaky, but over time and with practice, you start to have experiences that anchor your confidence and slowly you find you're adding legs to that table, till one day it can stand in it's own.   Finally: Accept that it takes an average of 2-3 years to become proficient at any new skill. You don't pick up a basketball for the first time, shoot, miss and say "See, I'm just not good at basketball"!
1	What I want to make clear is that HALF the people you play with are better than you are and HALF the people you play with are worse. You could be gaining rank quickly and then it's slightly less than half to slightly more than half.   The problem with this theory is that it supposes nobody "belongs" at any elo other than what they're at.   For instance, someone who "belongs" at 900 Elo, will (probably) be the worst player in every single game they play until they hit that Elo.  Since it only takes minor amounts of luck to win half their games in the first 10 ranked games, it will take around 30 straight losses to put them at their rightful Elo.  That entire time, they'll be the worst player on the team.   Likewise, someone who belongs at 1900 Elo will be the best player on their team for many games.
1	Generally, you can base it off key words like "physical damage" but the short story is it amounts to ratios. Every ability has an AP and an AD ratio. Usually one is zero and the other is positive and less than one. Let's take Talon for instance. Talon has no AP ratios. However, he has very good AD ratios: 1.5, 1.8, 0, and 1.8. If you build AP items on him, the added AP literally has no affect on his skills as his AP ratios are 0. But if you build say 100 bonus AD (on top of his base AD) on him at level one, his Q will do base 30 + 0.3 100 = 60 physical damage on hit, and base 18 +1.2 100 = 138 physical damage over time, for a total of 198 physical damage. Now, if he had a million AP that would still do nothing for him because again he has no AP ratios. Someone with both AP and AD ratios like Akali or my favorite, Katarina, can go either or both ways ("hybrid"). Katarina's E: Shunpo has a much higher AP ratio than AD, but you have to weigh that in with the harass of a high AD Q: Bouncing Blade. Auto attacks are always AD!
1	As opposed to what?   "Do any other junglers just HATE it when their lanes lose?"  "I hate it when my AD carry thinks sitting behind them healing is sub-par support play!"  "Hey guys I have a totally underrated build for Maokai: Mobility Boots, Bloodrazor, Phantom Dancer! It's OP!"  "Rumble could really use some buffs right now. I played him once and lost the lane."   The discourse on this subreddit is fucking appauling. The people who submit content 9/10 times are being paid to do so, the majority of people discussing the game are very low elo who say things that are simply false, and the rest of it is fan art.   /r/starcraft is fucking incredible relative to this shitty subreddit. Results in recent professional games (it's sad LoL's pro community is too unprofessional to play real games on a timely basis and instead just grind solo queue all day), LAN events, and true characters. Team switches, recent events, recent patches, champion spotlights, interviews,  news ...that is the shit relative to this subreddit.   If you want to learn how to play a champion, ask yourself: is a professionally-written guide on solomid.net still relevant? If yes, shut the fuck up and go read the guide. If no, ask the community for what has changed in the patch or two since the guide was written.   If you have a suggestion for the game, ask yourself: how long have I been reading this subreddit? If it's less than one month,  shut the fuck up . Your suggestion has already been posted at least three thousand times. This includes, but is not limited to:   1) No elo loss in 4v5s.  2) Commendations.  3) Achievements.  4) Skin suggestions (if I read about bowling ball Malphite one more time, I swear to god I will come at you. With everything I've got).   Further more, if you are submitting a post, don't say "Just a suggestion!" or, "This is why I love Riot".   Finally, the most important point of all: downvote blog spam. 99% of content submitted by Dignitas, SK, DiffTheEnder, Elementz, Stonewall_008, Travis, Comely, and all the other 'personalities' on this subreddit is only out there to drive page views and subscriptions. If there is some  news-worthy  article or event or something pertinent to  right now , yeah sure submit it and upvote it.   "Hey guys, there's a big Korean tournament coming up and I, well-liked community figure, need your help getting there" = okay.  "Hey guys, well-liked community figure here with an article on how to stay calm in solo queue" = not okay.   If you're some [blog spamming asshole]( whose job is to drive hits to the website, head [here]( and take out an advertise targeted on /r/leagueoflegends instead of promoting your crappy content nobody bothers to read in the first place. This subreddit is not an RSS feed for your blog's content, it is not a subscription feature for your YouTube channel.
0	Until I was 19 and changed banks, my account was attached to my parents, it was nice at first because my mom would just transfer money into my account for babysitting my (significantly) younger siblings. But once I turned 18 I became super paranoid about what I spent my money on because she yelled at me for buying anything that wasn't gas. Overall, though, it wasn't so bad, the only time she ever took money out was if I needed cash but didn't have any like a trade. It just really sucked that she could see where I was spending my money, especially as an adult.   Anyways, I'm pretty sure this is fairly common. Most of my friends had the same set up in high school. I had one friend, however, whose parents would refuse to have any sort of access to their accounts (their name would be on it, but it would't be attached to their account).
0	My favorite game when I was about 10 was "Pokemon: Battle Colosseum". I seriously played that game just about everyday. One day I went to go play it, powered up the Nintendo Game Cube (where I'd last left the game), but all I got was the unrolling "G" iconno game. Ah no big deal, I thought, it's probably in the case. Nope. A year went by of me asking my neighborhood friends if they'd borrowed it from me without asking, but all of them said no. Then, one day I was at a friend's house and noticed he had game I'd lost a year ago at this point. I told him that my copy was missing and had been for a year. A very familiarly-worn walkthrough guide to the game was on his shelf. With my initials on both. Apparently, he didn't even know they were mine, which I found hard to believe, understandably. I was  furious . Couldn't believe that my friend would've done that for me. At dinner that night I brought it up at the table, and told my parents that this kid had taken my game. My brother started laughing hysterically. Turns out he sold my copy of "Pokemon: Battle Colosseum" to my neighbor for $30, kept the cash for himself, and never told me. He even neglected telling the kid he sold it to that it was mine.
1	I dont get rid of the feeling that they spent the lowest amount of money possible to keep their game running. Just look at the facts:     They pay their employees bad     They need excessive amounts of time to implement features that are mandatory in every other game(voice chat still not implemented, replay system took years)     They need the same amount of time to fix bugs that have been around since Beta     Complains from the community are largely ignored, even IW fixes their weapon balance faster(FMG9 for example) than Riot fixes imbalanced content(see Shen)     Riot makes dozens of promises they somehow do not intend to keep which is unprofessional at best. If I do not have any idea on how to rework stealth I do not promise such a thing. If I realize that I do not have the capacity to produce and balance a new map(magma chamber) I do not promise this content to the community. Same goes for introducing lower priced heroes etc.     Service issues, whether it is server downtime, patch problems, newly introduced bugs, etc. If anyone remembers the months before the EU server split or the same shit happening now on NA with their patches. Its horrible QA or terrible project management both indicators of either incompetence or lack of money invested in these parts of the company.     Forums are still from the last century, region locked while we have something like the WORLD WIDE WEB.     PFE(a simple skin, unimpressive if you put it in relation to the time they needed to finish it, other companies develop entire games during that timespan) took years, also an indicator for terrible project management.     Inequalitys in the treatment of their playerbase. NA > EUW > EUNE. It is worth mentioning that EU is equally big if not bigger than NA.       I could just keep going with that list, my point, also the
0	It's easy. She stuffed her tongue into someone elses mouth. So I stuffed anti-freeze in his gas tank and verbally assaulted her to tears as to how fucked up she was.  She tried to kill herself and I didn't care.  I'm not saying what I did was right, but it definitely got my point across. It's not that I don't care about her, but I just tend to burn bridges and sometimes those that are on the other side tend to get burned.
1	I'd love to hear Rammus' voice actor in the studio.   Producer: "Nah, try it again. I don't think you got the right inflection on that..." Voice Actor: "OK. " P: "That! That was perfect, except I wasn't recording..."  V: "OK. " P: "Can you wait until I press record, please?" V: "OK. "
1	i'd like to thank the wonderful teammates i had and my dog who (i'm sure) supported me all the way. seriously, if you have teammates who don't rage at each other it's literally the nicest experience ever. unfortunately that's a one in a million chance but man, my days of shit luck finally paid off.   i got +94 ELO in an afternoon, literally the luckiest string of great teammates ever. if you queued with me yesterday, thanks a lot guys. ^^
1	I started playing ranked a few months after I hit 30. I was always scared of ranked because it felt like if I got a bad score it was permanently there to remind me/show everyone else that I did bad, so I spent a lot of time after 30 just playing normals with friends trying to improve my play.   My aim was to practice my mechanics in normals, as well as play a single role with a few select champions to get really good at them. If I remember correctly this was around mid-season 2, and I really wanted to master nidalee top because she just appealed to me for some reason. After spending a good couple months playing as much nidalee as I could, I decided I would play ranked because I felt confident in my ability to beat my lane opponent.   When I had completed my placement matches I think I evened out at 1200~ elo, and I was happy with hitting silver. I had some good win streaks and some horrible losing streaks in season 2, with my elo floating between 900-1300~.   Season 3 arrived and I immediately got asked to duo with a friend of mine because we felt we were at a similar skill level to each other, but both of us didn't take into account changes to items etc that happened at the start of the season, so we were using outdated builds and it felt like my knowledge of the game had regressed. I went back to normals for a long time after this (4-5 months).   I picked ranked back up a couple months ago and had some good win streaks with my old favourite nidalee after learning what she could do with frozen fist. I got placed in silver V at the start of S3 and I am now silver II and climbing.   My advice to you (if you read this far lol), is to make sure you feel absolutely ready to play, if you put yourself in a bad mood before ranked you will most likely under-perform and not want to play again. Also, you might argue that you could infinitely practice in normals and then just go into ranked and stomp, but I would suggest just playing until you have confidence, and then use ranked as another learning platform.
0	Jehovah's Witnesses don't even celebrate birthdays. In high school, a girl in our Ensemble was JW. When anyone's birthday happened to fall on a school day, we'd sing happy birthday for them with piano, harmony, etc. Sure enough, this girl's birthday came and as soon as the piano started, she started freaking out "No, guys! Don't!" We thought she was just being coy (as we didn't know she was JW), and kept going. She started crying immediately and ran out of the room.
1	I don't think streams alone should be allowed; however - if someone is doing a charity stream event or maybe a class stream then that should be allowed.   I think there is an over saturation of people streaming League of Legends and most of them are to put it bluntly - pointless to watch. And I don't think you should be allowed to post if you're just going to say "I stream and give away RP." To me I read the League of Legends subreddit to get updates on the game and find out about events; not to find streamers. There is already /r/lolstreams for that.
1	You're an idiot who needs to learn math. If you play a bare minimum of one or two champs in every role do you know how unlikely it is that you'll ever not be able to play any of those champs? It happens so rarely that it makes little to no difference, but it DOES happen. Simply the odds of being put on your worst role alone are less than 20% because not only do you have to be last pick, your entire team also has to not want to play that role either, AND THEN there also has to be NO ONE on your team willing to swap roles for you to help keep you off your weakest role (most of the time if you tell the group it's your weakest role they'll try to help you out as it's also in their best interest) AND THEN when that's all said and done and all of those unlikely scenarios coincide  the 14-15 of 124 champs that are unavailable has too include BOTH of the champs you play in that role.
1	For me, there is nothing more satisfying than winning a 4v5 when it does happen. And if it does happen, maybe riot can reward players for doing so with slightly more ip and elo. This will give some players more incentive to stay especially if they want to climb out of their current elo. This would be their chance.   As OP mentioned: chances of winning the game drop by 80%, and it becomes more difficult to win. If you manage to win, then you are outperforming your current elo standing since you can outplay players in your current elo as 4v5.   Having the 'free leave' when things don't look good is a great option though.
0	The r/atheism circlejerk love bandwagons....you could post the exact same thing in r/Christianity and get 10 upvotes but the same thing gets you thousands in r/atheism!
0	I would take her out for a nice dinner and then we would go back home and have unprotected sex while listening Electric lights orchestra. I would later find out that i accidentally got her pregnant when she calls me on the phone crying. We would both try to figure out what to do. We would both agree that she would get a secret abortion that nobody would know about, especially her parents who are fundamentalist Christians who objected to the idea of her moving to California in the first place. The abortion would be a success but she would be pretty shaken up by the whole experience. I would try to comfort her as best as I could but she would decide to go to therapy. After a few weeks of therapy she finally moves past this traumatic experience and we continue to live happy lives and never forget protection.
1	Hecarim is strong in the meta because he functions well to his design as a fighter. He's not OP, his design just works well with how you build.   If you build tanky you'll be hard to kill, as intended. Enemies will hit you more and thanks to your E and AoE abilities you can handle the stress.   If you build damage you'll deal damage as expected. Trinity Force is good because of what it does for Auto and Auto-reset champs. Hecarim gets amazing utility for all of the items used to build it, but is still easily killable  because he didn't build tanky.  This often causes outcry because people miss the damageless farmfests of old metas but it's a lot more healthy for the game, toplaner meta more importantly.
1	You wanna surprise us with some math then?   Edit: I got your back bro. FoN stats: 40 hp/5, 76 MR, 8% movespeed, Unique Passive: regenerates 0.35% of your champions max hp per second. Now some numbers:   Every 1000 hp will give you 3.5 hp per second which is 17.5 hp/5. Assuming you have an hp item or two, we can safely Assume you'll be at 3000 ish hp. FoN passive now gives you 10.5 hp per second or 52.5 hp/5, now add that to the 40 base hp/5 it gives and we have 92.5 hp/5. To put it in perspective, the hp regen Baron buff gives you is 3% of max hp/5 which comes out to be 90 hp/5 in this case.
1	It's actually easier to install those certs in firefox/chrome and get them working every time, but usually IT departments give installations for IE. Which is why it seems like IE is easier--it's actually just because the developers in the military have preferred it.   A bit ironic considering how many vulnerabilities a military base full of IE users create.
0	A couple years ago, the ignition for my roommate's car got messed up and the only choice was to drill it out and use a screwdriver until the new ignition came in. While driving the car I got pulled over by a cop. I was freaking out. There was no way this was going to end well. The back window of the car was broken, there was a screwdriver sticking out out of the ignition, and there were still metal shavings on the floor from drilling out the lock. You'd have to be an idiot not to think the car is stolen. The officer observes this and asks me to explain. I tell him I'm just borrowing my friend's car and ask him if I can call my roommate to prove I have permission. He says yes, I dial, and hand him the phone. All she said was one word, "yes" and I was able to go on with my day. I still feel like I should have been arrested.
0	My  one of my grade school bullies works at the store I used to live by. Loved going shopping there, talking about college and so forth and then watching him run off to tidy up some aisle.
0	This.   When I met my current girlfriend, a mutual trashy friend of ours set us up and I was primed to be skeptical. We first interacted via Facebook, and feeling cocky and punchy, I sent her this weird message that was a half apology for blowing her off for two weeks, half playful explanation that she should get used to it because I'm kind of a dick like that (I was playing - actually, I'm adorkable). She sent me back a message in kind that at one point, casually mentioned she "stopped reading during the second paragraph because [she] got bored." Wait, what? Who the fuck WAS this girl?   An agonizing week later we arranged for late night tea and she proved to be one of the first chicks I'd ever met who could not only keep pace with me, but stump me. I fell in love with her via text, actually. I'd constantly dish something out to her only to have her escalate it to a point where sometimes I'd 'win,' but easily half the time she would.   She makes me funnier. I'm creative, unpredictable and theatrical in my jokes; she's twice as pithy and devastatingly clever. My favorite moments of hers are the ones where she would get a spark in her eye, stop, realize she had come up with the perfect retort and deliver it with perfect timing and absolute confidence.   As MintChocolate_Monkey said, all this pointed to the traits under the hood. She's not only smart, she's ambitious, geeky and a good person to boot. All of which is why I moved halfway across America to live with her a short year-and-a-half later. And here I thought that up until meeting her at twenty-nine, I didn't know if I'd ever really fall in love.
1	I started watching both near the end of the summer. After having tried playing them both, Dota is definitely more complex (not saying that is a good or bad thing) and has quite a few more elements as well as some more rng (not big game determining aspects, more crit-like features, just mentioning them because I'm not a fan).   Since I wanted to play infrequently and casually, I stuck more with league. Not to mention league runs better on my laptop and I could only play dota on my desktop.   If it's for watching, I'd recommend both, I personally like watching dota slightly more as a game but league has a bigger community and more hype. Also, this is from having no friends who play dota and a few who played league when I started.   Dota: more complex, harder to pick up smaller community, less viewership than lol significantly better client all heroes unlocked at start, only buying cosmetics better graphics   league: much easier to pickup larger community easier to run (computer spec wise) more casual for infrequent playing
1	Firstly, I don't play much Cass, but it seems like building Gunblade/Muramana/and a Sheen item (Lich or Tri) would be more profitable now, as the Muramana will increase ad, and as many champs don't benefit greatly from WotA, getting Gunblade would still provide the spell vamp and better auto farming/trading. The extra ad would provide more incentive to use Lichbane/Tri (depending on full build ad, not sure whether Tri/Lich would provide more damage). Also, the Gunblade active would be nice with her q speed boost, making escaping/chasing easier, and the added lifesteal would help sustain in-lane. I think that having Muramana, Gunblade, Rylais, Sheen Item, Sorc shoes, Dcap would be decent, although that's just my view.
1	I think he's mad :( . Seriously, he could expose his point of view without all that bm and shitting on the community. Also the lack of redacting skills... well i'll leave it here.
1	Let me start off by saying I think the idea of the snowball is a great change.  However I must bring up an issue I've found and improvement suggestions...   Tanks (especially Galio/Sion/Alistar) weren't that bad before if you played with a more passive playstyle to get items.  Late game tank teams were actually ridiculously strong but it was kind of hard to get to that point against full rape poke comps.. especially with Udyr or Eve.  I believe this change was catered mainly to champs like Udyr/Eve, but overbuffed the fuck out of the tanks that were already good.   For example, Galio was already top 5 highest winrate champions in ARAM before snowball.  Now he can ult you from across the map and you are never safe to group up while it's off CD.  People say mark/dash balances the game type but I've won all of over ~5 Galio games since the change with ridiculous KDAs.   And the cooldown is so low on mark/dash that the opposite of old ARAM is starting to happen:  poke/squishy comps are getting decimated by comps with tanks.  You pretty much lose a teamfight if one of the engage tanks lands a snowball, and they can keep trying every ~20 seconds.
0	Alright. So imagine this.   The accused is now sentenced to death, by way of the victims death. He had killed by flaying him alive. Now, you can't make a machine flay someone alive. You can't do it blind folded and the new victim cant be put under anesthesia either.   Congratulations, you need someone else to commit the same horrible act of mutilation on someone in order to kill them the same way. No, you cannot make anyone do that to another human being for a variety of reasons. The death penalty is setup so as to be both humane and impersonal so the executioners may feel distanced, and not totally mess them up in the head.
1	LoL was what truly converted me to a PC Gamer.  I'd "wished" I had enough money to build a gaming rig for basically as long as I can remember.  2 1/2 years ago I started playing league and stopped buying PS3 games back to back at $60 apiece per month... then realized I was spending more doing that then just upgrading my POS PC into a Superior PC Master Race Rig.
0	I think you're being quick to judge here. Your sentiment is true, in regards to the music industry at large, but Taylor Swift is the exception. I went through her songs and looked at the songwriting credits. She is credited on every song, and often times is given go-authorship. HOWEVER, she is the sole writer for many songs, and many songs were a collaboration with writer Liz Rose, with whom she seemed to have a long-standing writing relationship. Here's the breakdown for her first two albums:     Taylor Swift: 10   Swift + Rose: 9   Swift+someone else: 5     On her third album she is credited as the sole writer for every track, which adds another 14 songs to her count. Of albums released to date, Swft is the sole songwriter on 63% of them.   Looking at top ten singles from her first two albums:     Swift: 4   Swift + Rose: 5   Swift + Someone else: 1     Looking at #1 singles from the first two albums:     Swift: 3 (Our Song, Should've Said No, Love Story)   Swift+Rose: 1 (You Belong With Me)     Her latest album (written only by Swift herself) has two #1 singles, 2 #2 singles, a #3, and one that failed to chart. This is a better showing than her previous albums.
1	The thing is that CoD works better in videos. The CoD audience is expecting those ~7-15 minute videos that Youtube is good for.   LoL doesn't work as well as videos. Most of the time, streaming is what people care about. If its not the stream itself then its the VoDs of the stream which they can find just about anywhere.
1	These guys are being dicks but the fact is you leaving is also a dick move, ignore them, communicate via pings, you're ruining the game for 8 other people if a guys being an asshole and if your entire team are dicks you're still making it suck for the other team.
1	Basically i know exactly what you mean, ive been playing lol for 2 years and have hit a wall 3 times (currently on my 3rd at 1250) when i satrted i was stuck at 800 elo no matter what happened i thought i either get trolls leavers ect, then again at 1100, and now as ive said 1250 but then i realised is it was my play as you have, i jus persevered, kept playing and watched streams, LOL replay is a really good way of improving s you can watch your self and other lanes, learn to help your team in there lanes, as well as your own, 1 wave is nothing in comparison to a kill in mid. i belive i can improve, but i have no time for lol atm, so waiting untill season 3 to start my climb
1	lol cmon, why do you ever read them when you just have to move your mouse an inch to click the
0	I think I might have this beat.   A few years ago I worked for a small startup company run by a pair of guys who'd never run a business before. So, they hired me and proceeded to work me like crazy. Some shifts were in excess of 15 hours, but they insisted since I was technically a freelancer, they could work me that long without a break.   Well, long story kind of short,  after  I submitted my hours & time sheet, they realized that working me for that many hours straight was a violation of state law (freelancer or not), so they tried to make me sign a document that said I took a one hour break every four hours for every day on my time sheet. So if I worked 15 hours, they wanted me to say I only worked 12. And they wouldn't pay me for those three hours that I  did  work, and that was just for one day. All those imaginary breaks, for two weeks, came to nearly forty hours. Suffice it to say I didn't sign shit and threatened to sue them.
0	If she's with you, it's because she wants to be with you.  I agree with a lot of the posts of going out and being active and bettering yourself, but if the entirety of the relationship is based on physical attributes alone, the relationship is likely going to fail.   Many relationships succeed because there is substance, common ground, and just a general joy for both people being around one another.   There is no actual thing as "out of your league."  This is a stipulation and a bar we set for ourselves.  You can always better yourself physically, mentally, and psychologically.  But if, for some reason, some one is "out of your league," it's more likely that you don't share in the same interests, cannot find common ground, etc.   For example, pick a model, any model.  They are likely not going to date me.  Not because I'm not attractive, but because I'm not THAT attractive.  They are going to date other models or movie stars because they share in the being pampered and expensive things and having their outfits designed by the top designers in the world.  And in no way shape or form do I give a shit about that.
1	First part of the video reminds me when someone picks lets say karma support or like amumu mid no matter what they do they are troll oh jungler gank you and you die "omfg report this fucking amumu troll"
0	If you need to make a paper longer, find another quote that is related to the point you are making in some section of your paper.  You can then spend a sentence introducing the quote, use the quote, and use a sentence or two explaining the quote (which is really just a short rewrite of the original sentence you had about that point).  This not only adds length without needing more real content, but it gives the appearance of more research on the topic.  Using techniques like increasing fonts on periods, changing margins, altering line spacing ect. are incredibly easy for a teacher to spot if they hold a correctly formatted paper up to the light with yours in front.  If they catch you doing this, don't expect them to give you the benefit of the doubt on any other aspect of your paper.
0	IIRC, historically, BOSE equipment has been sub-par.  I've never had the chance to test out their stuff myself (broke college student, you know the drill), but as an amateur audiophile, I have read in many forum posts about how terrible BOSE speakers are compared to other brands.  I'm sure the hate for BOSE is slightly over-hyped, but if it hadn't been an issue in the first place, it wouldn't be so common.
1	It doesn't matter how good he were, talking like that about yourself is... yeah, "arrogant" at least.   What I got from this Link vs. Double vs. Chauster vs. whoeverisnext thing is:
1	Actually, SCII has been criticized for nerfing too early as well. Coming out of SC:BW, a lot of Starcraft players were uncomfortable with how much Blizzard got involved with balance rather than letting players iron it out themselves. One particular time this happened a lot of people were on the fence as to whether Blizzard should or should not have gotten involved. Back a little over a year ago in one particular matchup (PvP), the meta strat was to 4gate. If you didn't, you probably died to one. So every PvP for a while was always the same strat for many months. Eventually Blizzard came in and nerfed some timings and other things so people could get away from that. Many pros were upset because at the time of the nerf some particular pros were finally finding a way to break the meta but it never got to develop because Blizzard had stepped in. Some pros were complaining that Blizzard was too hands on in SCII and that this didn't happen as often in SC:BW which allowed BW to develop as amazingly as it did. The other side to this was that the lower level players were getting frustrated with only 4gate and so Blizzard had to appeal to the masses since it is a business after all.
1	I feel like the best way to show the severity of this issue is to take the collective amount of time wasted by players. Assume 1/20 games has an afk/disconnect ( for me it seems like 1/3 games has one but 1/20 is more conservative), 9 people x 20 minutes = 180 minutes wasted per game. There's something like 30 million people on this game. For the example, assume all 30 million are playing. Thats 3 million games. .05 3000000 = 150000 games with an issue. 150000   20 minutes = 3 million. That's 3 million minutes wasted once everyone plays the game. Riot can easily fix this issue with much less than 3 million minutes of work.
1	I say just leave this up to Riot to decide.  It is their game, and they have some obvious things to improve upon as it relates to the competitive scene.
0	I am a boidyke lesbian. That means soft masculine/butch. I generally take on that role by choice in average social interactions. Women don't hit on other people typically, except more masculine lesbians, who tend not to hit on each other. I would love for a pretty lady to come up and force me to kiss her and beg me to go to bed with her. My girlfriend lf four years barely wants me to do this, nevermind a stranger. Since she is more femme, she is usually the recipient of the hitting on. I more easily identify with what I don't want a dude to do because I don't much want dudes hitting on me. The key to good flirting is subtlety. Don't force it.
1	Why are you bashing every ability of quinn?  you just need to keep playing her so these "bugs" can take then to your advantage. Lets go over all the ability's   Q:  Is her pushing skill, so it whould be stupid if she couldn't hit minions anymore. The thing with blinds it is negates basic attacks, but an empowerd basic attack like nasus Q is treated like a spell so i cant be blocked with a blind. The bigger hitbox from it even helps you in lane so you can poke with it even when they stand behind thier minons.   W:  Her W is actually one of her bread and butter skills, alle because of the passive effect. you even max it 2nd. because if you proc your passive you gain an AS steriod, and because of that you only need to build 1 AS item. and in her ult you gain a MASSIVE AS boost from your W.   E:  You are right that her e is kinda buggy but you don't bother most of the time. the only problem i have with it is that when u vault there is a slim chance that you vault of in some random direction.  And your "solution" for it to make you untargetable whould break the ability so much.   R:  The biggest problem people have with the button R is that you want to press it in a teamfight, but you dont use it in a teamfight. you use it as an escape and chase tool. or for example when u are splitpushing bot lane and thier adc comes bot to duel you, you can burst her down because of the blind you have and the assasinate potential of your ult.   Passive:  The passive is what makes Quinn the champion that she is. Lets go over your points.     The marks don't always detonate correctly.  That because it isn't there yet, and you can't proc something that isnt there.     But sometimes basic attacks won't detonate her E marks.  I never had this problem, well only with basic attack cansels     Marks provide vision on enemy champions, but disappear if the champion goes invisible.  That is because it gives vision, not true vision so it isn't a bug     Valor prioritizes enemy champions correctly, but applies marks well out of Quinn's attack range or ability range.  I kinda like that the range of her passive is very long, because you can mark the enemy adc and he will be scared to take cs.
1	I have probably 7 months of pure Platinum 1 experience and 6 days ago I was finally promoted to Diamond for my second time (first time was 3 days before the ranked reset after 5 painful months of getting +5 and -5).   What I learned is to not give a fuck and just spam Rankeds.   Don't be a pussy and just spam rankeds.   These tips don't do shit: "Ok I'm gonna play for fun now!" "Let's learn a new role in normal games because I will just lose rankeds!" "Ok objectives objectives!! TEAM TAKE OBJECTIVES!!!"   Seriously, the only things that come to my mind are to keep up constant pressure until they are gone (base/dead) and not wasting time (do I go top? do I go bot? do I take wolves? oh fuck minions are in lane again)   If you want to improve, you have to figure this shit out by yourself because that is the only way it will stay in your mind and you will keep doing that intuitively. If you have to remind yourself of this all the time, then you do not deserve to climb, it's like cheating the system. Similar to education: You learn for a test in school, you know your shit for one week, not more.
0	It's a photo of a dress taken with a shitty cell phone camera with the wrong white balance. The entire photo is immensely shifted towards yellow. This is what happens when I white balance / auto level the photo:   You can take the black and white dress in the background on the left as a reference for the black point and white point. It doesn't help that the photo is overexposed.
0	I am not suggesting it, it's what I have heard multiple times within the church. That people  chose to be gay, just like they choose to drink to excess or they choose to hit their wife. It is believed that being gay is like every other sin in that it is something you choose to do. And it's the worst sin of all because they choose not to repent. Not the very worst because in the eyes of the church an alcoholic who chooses to get help is equal to "a gay who won't get help" it's not the sin itself that is the issue, it's the act of living in sin and not seeking Gods forgiveness, and from their trying to better themselves by trying to stop repeating there sin.
0	I know a woman who owns a dog that is just INSANE. She used to come over to visit my aunt and uncle, and would bring Cujo the psycho-poodle. The dog absolutely flips its shit the minute it sees anyone besides its owner...it barks aggressively like it's the end of the world then usually tries a little snapping or nipping.  She then hugs the dog and tries to comfort it as if it was scared! She has NO IDEA she is actually encouraging her dog to be a neurotic f***in mess around others. My uncle and I have tried telling her a million times what she is doing wrong but I swear some people just decide at 60 that they're going to stop learning, and everyone else younger than them is just a lying fool.
1	well if you want to go up in ranks you should work with your team if your team wants to push mid but u think top is the better call you can tell them if they do not listen your better off grouping with them in mid. if you are just going top by yourself and they fight a 4v5 they will lose because of you not being there. once you get higher in ranks people will have a better understanding on where to go. so my advice to you is help your team even if it is the wrong call. because you will have a better chance wining when your with 5 in the wrong place than with 1 in the right place and 4 in the wrong place.   GL in yoloQ
0	My husband and I usually spend our off-time at home.  I like going out a bit more than he does but mostly we're just content to stay home and play video games or watch a movie or something.  Once every couple of months or something we'll plan to go to the theater or I'll convince him to go to an event that seems interesting to both of us.  Maybe we'll want more alone time once we have a kid though. It's hard to say!
0	Can confirm, I've told people not to donate to Locks of Love and instead give hair to Beautiful Lengths, and I'm pretty sure that they saw me as a douchebag... Probably because they felt so great about donating their hair, and now they got a big slap in the face by reality.   And since most people aren't aware of LoL's sketchiness to begin with, here's the
1	if in a draft situation: (such as ranked) try to pick your adc later/last and if you see olaf, pick a champion with a solid escape/gap closer (Tristana, cait, ezreal, vayne) and consider playing a champ with hard peel (such as alistar with his knockback) while you don't get a stun you can still make him back off for awhile. then of course their is flash.   In a blind pick situation: Always prepare for olaf in some capacity. Make sure your adc isn't being forced into the role because nobody else likes it (this can be hard/impossible sometimes unfortunately) and make sure you are playing a support who has some form of hard peel (i'm not sure if olaf's ulti prevents him from being knocked up or not as i don't play him, so janna might work) and pack exhaust, because that 30% damage reduction should be applied to his true damage (unless it's bugged).   Ultimately, the best way to protect your adc is to make sure that you and your adc play smart in teamfights/lane, and if olaf is top, hope he loses lane.   If all else fails, flash   Counter play: (depending on olaf's place on the team, results may vary) a big problem with the adc diving olaf is it leaves the enemy team without a top lane tank (or jungle tank) to protect their adc (he's to busy diving yours), forcing their support/jungler/top laner to build tanky (or possible their mid). meaning their only form of big damage outside olaf is their adc/mid/top lane. If you have a bursty mid or jungler on your team you may be able to snipe their adc/mid and stop a lot of their damage in teamfights.
0	This is how I see things: one political party will say something. The other will laugh it off and gain influence and power. Eventually, the public and the media will get bored with their policies and ideals. Then, something pertaining to the other party happens, the public gets riled up and cuddles with the other side until the whole process starts over.   If we had an informed public and a responsible news media, the cycle could be put to an end and we could get back on track (that is if our own government doesn't try to stop the reform. Which they probably would). But, instead, we're fighting over things that should have been solved decades ago. We're going to be killing ourselves deciding if it's okay to let a couple of dudes smoke pot and get married when another super power sweeps in and decks us in the face.
1	I keep hearing people talk about these people giving them death threats, but in all the games I've played, I think I've had a total of three people who were swearing or insulting people on their team or the other (including one of my friends who was doing it in an obviously sarcastic way).  Granted, I haven't really done that much ranked gameplay, but you'd think that in normals and customs people would still care enough to swear or insult others if they were that kind of person.
0	Actually... on some prebuilds and some notebooks there is no way to revert to 7.  I recently picked up an ASUS X200MA for cheap.   It's absolutely amazing the things that didn't work and didn't have drivers. Freakin USB didn't work. USfreakinB. The most basic things work with USB nowadays. My BIOS reads USB. Installers read USB. Why can't Windows figure out USB.   And it's impressive the things that don't freakin' work in 8. I hate Microsoft with the burning passion of a 1000 suns right now because of a ton of stupidity. I have to boot into freakin Windows in order to get into the BIOS. I want to punch every single member of the development team of Windows 8 directly in the face then in the junk.   I finally conceded after fighting with it for a good solid 24 hours trying to get anything but Windows 8 installed. I cried a little once I finally managed to boot into Windows 7 and realized how many things were broken with no drivers. At that point I knew there was no more point in fighting because I had no ethernet and no USB so there was no way for me to load drivers to continue further. PXE didn't work. USB booting didn't work. The only feasible way of continuing was to disassemble and pull the hard drive to load it on manually. But I had JUST finished reassembling the stupid thing so I wasn't really inclined to do it again.   Wow. That was long.
1	I wholeheartedly disagree.  First, because the game is balanced more around gold values of stats within the game, not IP outside of it.  Second, because some stats in this game are far more powerful than others and uniform distribution and IP pricing of runes is only going to make some runes not worth purchasing or using in the first place.   Using the  tables .  For a single point increase in HP it costs a player approximately 2.6 gold.  That's not a lot of an increase, but it's not a lot of gold either.  Let's take a look at AD then, 36 gold for a single point of AD.  For almost 14x our HP investment of we still only get a single point.  This isn't by accident, but before we stray too far from the topic let's get back to runes.   Using the data above and the current HP Quint (2050 IP for +26 HP) Riot has established that each HP quint is worth approximately 67.6 gold. (2.6 gold per point of HP, 26 points of HP in a quint, 2.6 x 26 = 67.6).  So in terms of HP, 2050 IP = 26 HP = 67.6 gold.  Again breaking this down to single point increases it comes out to be  78.84 IP = 1 HP = 2.6 Gold .  Let's see if that ratio holds up when we take a look at AD.   An AD quint provides 2.25 AD for 1050 IP.  We established earlier that for a single point increase in AD it costs 36 gold.  An AD quint is worth 81 gold, making that ratio 1050 IP = 2.25 AD = 81 Gold.   466.67 IP = 1 AD = 36 Gold .   Now there are a couple ways you could try to make the runes uniform.  First, you could make it so they give equal stat increases across the board:   > AD Quint 2.0: +26 AD.  12,133 IP (466.67 x 26).   > HP Quint: +26 HP. 2050 IP.   We can see here that While both are providing an equivalent numerical stat increase, adhering to the gold efficiency values makes the AD Quint 2.0 incredibly overpriced.  However, say you artificially adjust the price of it to be equivalent to the current HP quint:   > AD Quint 3.0: +26 AD. 2050 IP.   > HP Quint: +26 HP. 2050 IP.   Now that looks fantastic, but for what should be about 936 gold for each point of AD we're getting it all for the low low price of 158 gold.  That's a little bit too optimized and we'd see the league of AD for a long long time to come.   So let's flip it now:   > AD Quint: 2.25 AD 1050 IP   > HP Quint 2.0: 2.25 HP 117.39 IP   Now that's a low low price that's just junky, and the product does nothing. Congratulations I just sold you 1 caster minion hit.  So let's adjust the cost of the HP quint now > AD Quint: 2.25 AD 1050 IP   > HP Quint 3.0: 2.25 HP 1050 IP.   Now we're grossly overpaying for what is essentially a non-existent benefit.   You could do this same exercise with any other stat, trying to adjust their IP prices per point simply isn't going to work without heavily tweaking the gold per point values within the game itself.   Not all stats were created equal, don't attempt to treat them as if they were.
0	don't like   In my experience they don't really care. African-American is such a buzzword since the 90s, everyone's just sort of used to it. Then there's the pretentious black people who try to "get back to their African roots" in all the wrong ways, who might see this as affirmation.
0	They did the same thing to me when I quit my last job to have a baby.  I told them when I was three months pregnant that I was going to be quitting when I was eight months pregnant.  So that's 5 months' notice that I was quitting and they needed to hire someone to train to take over my position.  When I put in my official 2 weeks' notice 4.5 months later, my boss freaked out and said he needed me to stay and work because he hadn't hired anyone yet and I needed to train them.  I told him too bad.  I went into labor that night.  HE ACTUALLY TEXTED ME ASKING IF I WAS COMING IN.  I was like "I'M IN FUCKING LABOR YOU TWAT."
0	Fun facts:   In the olden days (think the Renaissance), fat was considered attractive because only the well-to-do had the time, money, and resources to foster some chub.  Fast forward to the 21st century and we find slender, athletic builds attractive because it's mostly the well-to-do who have the time, money, and resources to maintain that type of figure.
0	As someone who is currently in the DEP for the Airforce, I can assure you that you are an idiot.   I am joining to learn a specialized skill set that cannot be gotten elsewhere (one bravo) legally and to ensure the freedoms I have enjoyed are still around for my future children. My DEP crew harbors only two exceptions out of about thirty people.
0	Your analogy is a terrible one. See, the issue with duct-taping shoes is that it does not actually get the laces tied together in a knot.   Your analogy would be more correct if you made it analogous to teaching the bunny-ear method but the student decides to make a loop and rap the other lace into forming the EXACT same knot. That's great right, a student took the time to think of a different way of solving a problem than I came up with.   When someone asks you to prove whether or not someone is speeding, if you take all the given information, and correctly give an argument as to why they are speeding or not LOGICALLY, it does not matter if you followed the same exact procedure, you still proved to me that you can figure out if someone is speeding. If you want someone to solve problems a certain way, write problems such that you explicitly demand them to solve it a certain way, or write them so the optimal way is to solve it the way you want.   Taking off points when you did not EXPLICITLY tell them to use a certain method is just BULLSHIT. We should not punish someone for thinking creatively and finding quick mental short cuts that let them solve problems more easily. Otherwise we give the message that people aren't supposed to think outside the box but stay well within what you told them to do, which I can guarantee is not the only way to do it.
1	Isn't that Dyrus's season 3 picture? Not his season 4 picture?
0	So as a Brit, maybe you could understand this...   A few of your people (along with some other people) came here to the Americas, and brought some black people with them as slaves. For the next couple hundred years, we enslaved the black people. They were considered property.  They were not considered to be human.  After the civil war, black people were "free", but not really. Even in the anti-slavery north, black people were considered human, but not equal. And I don't need to mention the south. During this time, the north wasn't so blatant about segregation as the south, but it was there. Black people were basically shunned from integrating into white, or even American culture.   Culturally, there were two Americas. White and black.   It wasn't until the 1950's and 1960's, over 300 years since the first African slaves landed here, that white people started to integrate black people into their culture. Rock and Roll became huge, with white singers like Elvis Presley covering black people music and driving teenage girls wild. By the 1970's black people were all over our culture. From movies, to music, to everything else we consider American culture, but still not really integrated. Interracial marriage and children were still taboo, and even though white people were okay with black people, they still didn't want them moving into their neighborhoods.   The majority of Reddit is white, just like the majority of the United States. (And no, grouping all non-whites into a "minority" category doesn't count, since "minorities" are no where near the same). It's hard for white people to see the white privilege they're given. White people were not enslaved for 250 years, forcefully segregated for another 100+ years, then released to the culture and forced to assimilate within a couple of generations. Cultural imprinting lasts for generations. Parents teaching their kids, who then teach their kids, and so on. You can't expect to dominate a whole race of people for hundreds of years, then laugh at them when they can't catch up after you set them free. They're dealing with centuries of anger, despair, and a devalued sense of self that has permeated every aspect of their culture.   There is a black entertainment channel because someone wanted to show young black people that yes, you are a part of the American culture just as much as any white person. You can achieve what you want to achieve. And you are worth something. The channel may have been maligned over the years, but the idea still stands. It may take another century, and the election of the first half-black president, but black people will one day feel like they have an equal stake in this country to white people, and the need for black-centric channels, awards, and organizations will no longer be needed.
0	One of my company's competitors was sued because one of their development engineering department's was all male.... and just to point it out -  just the development engineers  in that one department.... So out the whole (I think Knee) department that  also  encompasses all of knee marketing, knee quality, knee manufacturing, and knee regulatory/affairs, just because the 7 development engineers were all male the company lost the lawsuit.... and that was just one department; the company also has hips, extremites, trauma, etc.... but just because that  one  group of engineers out of the company was all male, the company had to pay out their ass.   The only reason I know about this is because after it happened, all of the other companies, mine included, went super-overboard on hiring women and minorities. Over the course of a year I went from my department being 6 guys + 1 girl, to 2 guys + 4 girls of all ethnicities.... And the sad part is that after getting to know them, they were completely aware of why they were hired.
1	The problem is occurring on multiple ISP's because they ISP's don't actually control their traffic from your house all the way to Riot's servers.  If you really want to get into it, [here is the wikipedia article] ( that describes how the data tiers and flow work.  Basically your ISP is likely a Tier 3 or possibly a Tier 2 provider.  They are passing data up to the Tier 1 providers who then transmit it back down to you and vice versa.   Riot has connections with multiple ISP's and has routes setup within the higher tiered networks to help provide a higher quality of service to you as a user, but sometimes this still does not guarantee that service will always be what it should be.  Riot is working with their providers and adding circuits in an attempt to help create the shortest routes between their customers and their servers, but that takes time and a lot of money.  I don't know what their lead time is or what infrastructure they have to put in place to make additions or changes to their networks, but for my company it is 60 to 90 days to get a circuit installed.  However, when we add a circuit, it doesn't have near the amount of dependencies that theirs will when incorporating load balancing and traffic flow.  On top of that they also have to test them extensively to make sure they are not impacting their existing infrastructure.   Another factor which is probably causing some issue is the growth of BGP entries in routing tables around the world which you can read about [here](  This has caused widespread issues around the world and is completely out of Riot's control.
0	I wonder what the levels of force standards would be?  That will make or break stand your ground laws.  Imagine being able to just start shooting as soon as they come at you.  It would end up being like a shitty Wild West stereotype where looking at someone the wrong way would get you shot.  I don't think that's how things are going to be, as the laws mature, but its a consideration.   With duty to retreat, if you were cornered or unable to retreat, using deadly force against someone that was unarmed could still easily be ruled self defense.  Hell, that's one major reason duty to retreat laws came about as well...it somewhat ensured that people wouldn't put ten rounds into you because you were trash talking them and they 'feared for their life.'
1	But but, i tell you. these spells doesn't land at the same time? if i say there is a bug. there is a bug!
1	Yet again another person who's completely ignorant of what this All Stars is.   People like you spouting these asinine comments with edits about how the All-Stars should play out infuriate me. Can you please get a clue before you spout more bile like this. "if you wanna see them troll". Right. Let's go through why I think you and your ilk in this matter are a bunch of plebs.   The All-Star event in Paris this month is for two purposes. The All-Star Challenge (Team Fire vs Team Ice) and The All-Star Match Up. The All-Star challenge, like these pick 10 events, the URF, the hexakill, are SOLELY for fun for the crowd and the audience at home. The All-Star Challenge is, as its name would suggest, a CHALLENGE. It's an invitational event of pro players from around the world, voted in by you, forming a team and competing in challenges against one and other. The reason the Pick 10 is getting a lot of negative feedback is because the picks aren't niche, they aren't fun to watch in a challenge setting. This leads me on to the next point.   The All-Star Match Up pits the best of each region against one and other in a SERIOUS and PROFESSIONAL tournament. Consider this a mini-worlds if you want your esports peen to be hard enough to thoroughly fap to this event. Every team there wants to win this event. We're going to see Thresh in practically every game, likewise with Lucian and Lee Sin. You talk about wanting to see mechanically challenging champs, then I would suggest only watching the All-Star tournament, rather than the All-Star Challenge.   The All-Star Match Up is the serious part. Expect to see mechanics. Expect to see well thought out teamcomps.   The All-Star Challenge is the joke part. It was always about fun. It was intended to be fun. Let's be honest, how mechanical can you really be in URF mode? These Pick 10 are going to make that game so bloody boring to watch I will likely skip it myself. I wanted to see Teemo, I wanted to see Sion. I wanted to see the pros have fun and to entertain me as the All-Star Challenge was supposed to do.
0	No better time to throw that one out there.   Short tale, my friend was at a club in Providence RI (he 22) and he started chatting up a cougar (age early 40s). She is liking the attention as he is obviously hitting on her. She tells him she is married and my friend come back with this one, 'Is it a happy marriage?'  Turns out it wasn't that happy a marriage and he ends up fooling around with this married lady.
1	This post will be removed in no time but I'll have to say what I got to say. Firstly, thanks you /u/3-22018t1c [1] and /u/GnarsiesBRINGER OF JUSTICE [2] for having the guts to finally prove what is really happening. Please read this. I am the one that made the Level 1 & 3 Solo Dragons with EVERY champions videos and I exactly know how Youtube works. I won't start with the current case of controversy, but with another case instead, that was at the top of /r/leagueoflegends[3] frontpage. I'm talking about this LoL Epic channel and their account /u/forevabronze1 [4] . Nobody ever saw that this account always had his links at the top of the subreddit, never posted any comments or anything. How is that possible? They use proxy votes and manipulation to easily get to frontpage without any problem. Then, LoL Epic used the tons of views that reddit frontpage gives to get money. Then came the day when /u/forevabronze1 [5] got banned and LoL Epic stopped manipulating the community. This was not a problem, but is still a circle jerk manipulation. After reading vvvortic post[6] and watching Gnarsies videos [7] I got at the same time happy and shocked because finally someone understands, and because it went too far. How is that even possible?? I boycotted these guys for being money whores, but now I heard they were doing more than that. Just. I don't understand why these LoL Youtubers were trusted for a so long time. I always knew they were doing vids ONLY for money. Why do you think Kshaway uploaded a lot lately? April high incomes. Why do you think they all promote WTFast? Who gives a shit about this scam anyways, they're getting money from naive guys. Their content hasn't even evolved since their success started. Don't forget these kiandymundi and Brofesco shit commenting everywhere to get subs. And now, got enough power in Youtube to take down a video? Where is this going. A short resume of the situation. I don't know how you can make fun of your audience that way. Why others ytbers are trying their best to entertain their audience without fake sponsors when you are doing a group to mock your fans and share ways to get money? You're just insulting everybody and thinking you're good persons when you're not. WTFast case resume: There's nothing inherently wrong with doing something when the only intention is to make money. It's when you get to the part where you don't care about your fans and promote things that are obviously scams that you start being a douchebag. I never had anything against sponsors as long as you know what you're doing and approved it, to share what you like with your audience. But when you're promoting a random affiliate scam without testing or approving it, just for hundreds of bucks over the naivety of your fans, then you start to be a money whore who is just shitting on his audience and running with the money, anyways who gives a shit, you live from this flock of sheep anyways. So, even thought you still have enough audience, the Gnarsies and vvvortic exposures will give you a lot of boycott. This was a fast analysis of this current situation, clunky but I think you understand this. EDIT Calbel response to vvvortic post: Calbel is unaware of the tensions between Vvvortic and Uber Danger and Kiandy. So far we only have speculation on Uber due to some comment he made about Vvvortic in various videos, and Vvvortic cry out to Kiandy to unblock him. Calbel states Vvvortic left the group and blocked everyone. Calbel states he is unsure if a group of content creators group banned him, but he does confirm some youtubers find Vvvortic's comment annoying. (and I find these people lack of humor) Calbel states WTFast works but only for minority, therefore it is not a scam, but he is aware why many people are calling it, consider it false advertising (since it only work for minority) Calbel states upvote manipulation is necessary these days because everyone does it, which is pretty true...
1	Trying to be constructive here...If the tone of my post comes off as aggressive it's not meant to be...just trying to point out where the faulty logic lies in your post.   1)  having a good score, in one game, against and unknown skilled opponent, means absolutely nothing for the viability of what a good build is for a champion.   2)  With the utility tree being improved I can see it becoming viable for AD champs to build 9/21 or 12/18...not going to argue with that, it's completely dependant on who you're laning against. If you're against a Leona or Zyra, you'd be retarded to go deep into utility as it's not got nothing to offer you.   3)  Your build isn't all that great and needs work. Cleaver is almost always going to be the worst way to upgrade a BF early on...BT is a FAR superior early item as it gives sustain, whereas Cleaver only offers benefit vs champs with lots of armor (which they won't be building early). IE is a great item on Cait, runaan's made me drool when I saw it and realized it would stack with her passive, PD is great as well since it provides crit chance and AS which mesh extremely well with cait's passive.   Pre-patch I rushed boots and PD or BT on cait depending on how lane is going and the playstyles of the enemy and my support. I honestly don't think you're item build is terrible and would work decently vs a lot of teams but the order is just atrocious...some better options, IMO are:   boots + pots > BF > finish boots and BT > PD > IE >  Runaan's > Cleaver   boots + pots > zeal + zerk boots > PD > IE > BT > Runaan's > Cleaver   Personally, I like to finish PD before I finish IE...without crit chance IE isn't being used to it's potential. It would also be interesting to rush a BT and then build Runaan's...extra passive stacks paired with BT's lifesteal and damage would make things interesting for sure.   ...just please don't recommend building a cleaver before the enemy is building/starting armor items...the reason you see high level players constantly checking things out with tab is so they can decide what items they should build according to what is best for the situation...Cleaver is really only a good item vs armor...it still gives desirable stats but there are better ways to put out damage if they aren't building armor and that's the point I'm trying to make.   Another very interesting item is going to be the new QSS upgrade that gives dmg on top of the QSS...same with the tried and true GA.   4)  cs and kills before fist death don't mean a whole lot without full context of the game.   5)  Level 30 means nothing...if you're claiming lvl 30 instead of total games played or ELO then it's obvious you have no credentials to back up your claims of such a strange build working out well.
0	I'm taking a summer class in electronic composition, which is pretty cool. Last week, my assignment was to take a techno song I'd composed already that sounded kinda flat dynamically and add the sort of pulsing to the overall dynamic that you tend to hear in techno songs. The teacher had been expecting me to come back having done something with a compressor, or a noise gate, or a filter effect, or something of that nature; when I came back and showed him that I'd found an effect called "DynamicsProcessor" that did the same thing, with a couple of other tricks thrown in, he was surprised, but congratulated me on my resourcefulness.
1	Tried giving a tip once, will probably not attempt again.   We're about to win the game, and their 2-13 Heimer started complaining about all the slow my Rumble had. I simply suggested "Heimer, next time if you want try to build for a rylai's, it'll give you some nice slow"   His Response: "stfu I know how to play my champ blahblahblahblah" My Retort: "ok"
0	Mental issues? So a third of the country has mental issues?   You realize there a plenty of regular ol' overweight people who just never learned proper portion control, right? It's a country wide cultural problem 30+ years in the making. Increase in poverty, the rise of dual-income households and takeout, increase in indoor entertainment, decrease in PE funding, increase in restaurant portions and free refills, emphasis on sweets/processed food for a few generations of children.   A 400 lb person probably has some serious personal issues to worth on, yes. But a 200 lb person? There are plenty of happy-go-lucky overweight people who simply need to make better dietary choices and improve their eating habits.
1	I mean if you managed to hold a team that was ahead for 1 hour then Im sure you deserve not to lose that Much LP but People wont like it im sure cause Oh MMR is all there is to it dont put more factors.
0	I used to live across the road from a 24-hour Super Walmart when I was in college and being a nightowl I often went grocery shopping at 2 in the morning when the store was empty. On one particularly memorable shopping trip I'd used almost my entire grocery stipend for the month. The cart was PACKED. On my way out a whim struck me and I broke into a quick jog then hopped on the back of the cart and rode it through the (rather large) foyer/cart area.   I saw a blur of motion coming from the left, and before I could react a kid (maybe 6 or 7?) had gleefully run in front of the cart. Half a second before impact he turned and we made eye contact as his tiny brain started to comprehend the immensity of his mistake. I started to jump off but it was too late!   All the momentum of a month's worth of groceries (including cases of soda), plus my weight on top of it all absolutely SMASHED into this kid. He flew/stumbled backwards into a heap on the floor like a puppet with his strings cut and I stopped the cart before I ran him down again.   My brain immediately starts processing the fact I've just murdered a kid or something, when I swear the ground shook. An unholy combination of methhead and soccer mom stomps around the corner like SnapYourDickOffasaurus Rex and sees her kid laying on the floor.   She lunges forward and I think "Welp. This is the end. First I kill a kid, now his mom is going to stab me to death in a Walmart" but instead she drags the still stunned and bleeding kid off of the floor by his shirt and proceeds to SPANK THE EVERLOVING SHIT OUT OF HIM. Mike Tyson in his prime would have been impressed by how well she could work a child-turned-speedbag.   Had I been older and wiser, perhaps some sort of CPS call would have entered my mind. Instead I grabbed my cart and ran off into the night before she realized I was there. The last thing I heard as I fled into the parking lot was her enraged roar of "DON'T YOU EVER RUN FROM ME IN A PARKING LOT EVER AGAIN!"
1	It's depends on if say your vs tank top and jungler who just dive you that with tri or botrk if your good at kitting and it works so well ( the passive  does not work with furor boots thou or Ashe q I believe ) but all depends I feel in gold it works well but I'm shit at this game anyway :))
0	Wow. This escalated. I didn't think anyone would be seeing this. I figured this'd be buried.   First off, the comments here have been much kinder than I expected. I'm new to this subreddit, and this seems like a great place to be. Thank you so much. You're all amazing.   Secondly, I feel like a Scumbag Steve. I was actually trying to use the meme correctly. Give it another look, and you'll see that I prepped for a worked-up-courage-to-call-a-girl story, and then cut into something much sadder. Did I succeed with my dark sense of humour? I don't know. I'm prone to self-deprecation, and I was in a dark place. I worry about any other depressed folks reading this and feeling like I'd made fun of them, like suicide is funny. I apologize. Please keep living.   Also, claiming depression as a way to get attention? Sorry about that. There's reaching for help (an excellent thing to do), and then there's manipulation. I didn't mean to fall into the latter.   So why don't I delete this whole thing? Because I now have a large group of decent, caring people who are worried about my health. I need to address these people. Please don't worry. I'm not going to kill myself. The aim is to keep on fighting and keep on going. Yeah, I'm terrible in social situations. Solitude sucks. But I know to get help when I need it. One day, I'll get my life to where I want it to be. Mental illness or not, I have no right to claim that this life isn't worth living. It's a wonderful life, compared to the vast majority of this planet. I'm just sorry that I whored for attention.   But maybe I can still do some good.  I'm no expert in mental illness, but if anyone wants some advice (again, I'm no expert), I suggest that you jog. I ran a bit today, and it was wonderful. In fact, I can't think of a single time when I felt bad after exercising. I should do that more often.
1	I have never experienced this on Summoner's Rift, but in every damn game on the Howling Abyss before first blood, but sometimes also after first blood. Windows, PC.
0	This will probably be buried.   Its crazy, the founder of the nation warned about making political parties and look where we are now.  I almost punched my TV during a speech by Obama because every time he said something inspirational, every democrat in the house applauded obnoxiously as every republican sat on their asses and looked like they ate lemons.   Do ANY of those republicans have any care what the man says or do they keep repeating "Hate democrats" in their heads 100 times a minute?   I'm not letting democrats off the hook either, the idiots would applaud every sentence and wouldn't let the man get a word out of his mouth before his cheerleaders cut him off.   The whole system makes me extremely pissed off, no one cares what they were elected for -to represent the best interest of the people- rather they all are in that building playing The Game of thrones while those of us who want to live a safe secure existence struggle.   I wanted my mom to get surgery without a $20,000+ bill, I wanted my dad to get his fractured leg fixed without worrying who is going to provide for my family.  I want to go to college without facing $50,000+ in school loans.  I want a summer job without fighting thirty other adults that just got laid off for it.   Ending my rant now, Happy 4th everybody.
1	As far as the "attitude" goes, its really not surprising one bit. I like piglet as a player because im like wow, this dude is fkn good, how does he do x move on vayne, how does he kite like that with cait, etc..   But its pretty known that he is toxic. When he was in KR I believe SKT had to apologize on his behalf, about some kind of trash talk incident in KR soloq. Inven was up in arms about whatever it was that he said to some guy in soloq. In addition to all of that, even when he streams here on NA, i watch him to learn, and he constantly types "GG. or FF pls". Sure, you could say that people in KR soloq give up easily, but when im watching Faker's stream, even if things go badly, i never see him typing "gg, or please surrender" hes usually just laughing away.
0	Well that was less than a year ago so that is definitely a spoiler.
0	That's a fair request.   >Do you hate the poor in Africa? What about China?   This is a derailment of the topic.  Based on comments/actions made by the right  about the poor , /u/iced327 asserted that the right hates the poor.  /u/Megamedic has jumped to the idea that /u/iced327 must hate the poor in Africa/China on the notion that he is not giving them his money.  But this isn't a fair correlation, because /u/iced327 never complained about the poor in Africa/China.  If he had, that would have been a fair point for /u/Megamedic to make because it would have been parallel to Republicans complaining about the poor in the US.   >Why aren't you giving them all your money then?   This is a straw man.  No one is asking anyone to give anyone else  all  their money.   >Why are you sitting with this expensive computer if those resouces could save countless children from starving? Every starving child in the world makes you a murderer since you didn't help.   This is a red herring and more derailment.  We've gone from wanting the poor to be able to receive financial aid to being called murderers for using computers.  And this continued exaggeration is based on the premise that the left complain about poor people in other countries but refuse to help them.   >Maybe people of other viewpoints than yours aren't evil   /u/iced327 never said they were.   >just believe there are different ways of helping the poor rather than steal everyone elses money and using it in an inefficient public sector.   "Steal" is an intentionally manipulative word to use, but that aside, /u/Megamedic doesn't offer any alternative solutions, just maintains that they exist.   >In a free economy, wages are set by markets, not politicians.   In a truly free economy, slave labor would be status quo.  Wages have been set by politicians since 1938, because corporations cannot be trusted to govern themselves when it comes to fair wages (and so many other things as well).   >The minimum wage only destroys job for the most unskilled workers.   This has been categorically disproven, but is a favorite ghost story of both Republicans and Libertarians.  There is a lot of information out there about it if you don't believe me, but three seconds of googling came up with a couple of articles you could start with.  [Berkley research](  and [Economic Policy Institute research](
0	Back in my early 20's my buddies and I made a pact to never buy a girl a drink or be the first one to make a move on a girl we found attractive. We did OK most of the time but at 34 looking back at it I think we were all just pretty shy and immature and we missed a ton of opportunities to meet girls because of it.
1	That'd be fine if the Watermark they introduced was something more than a half hour of work. Or the Icon was any good.   We all can agree that Riot fucked up by making skins Limited. That was a bad decision. It took them 2 years to realize people want older skins and willing to get them.   However, those skins being free doesn't give anything of value to the owner. I've said this again, and I'll say it once more.   For a person who owns one or two of those skins, they get around 10$ which shouldn't be that big of a deal.   And for people who own majority of those skins, they'll get a reasonable amount of RP. However, the RP doesn't matter much for them. These people played the game long enough that they don't have enough IP/RP sinks. They have champions, runes and most likely the skins they want. And even if they didn't, I doubt most of them would trade a one in a million skin for a random skin on the shop.   However, it did not work as Riot originally intended. And these people got something more valuable than planned.   Now here comes the tricky part, should ethically being wrong to sell these skins stop Riot from doing so? From a short sighted cash grab stand point, No. However, being short sighted and greedy are the reasons they are here, having these issues today. It's a delicate situation to be handled by educated people, which I am not. So I'm assuming they went out and checked around.   There's not much to do to make both parties happy. Majority of people saying it's OK to release these skins say that they want it, because they like the skin itself. Which is fine. So they'll be on the shop for a while and be FESTIVE like originally planned, instead of RARE.   The LE owners, including me, say that the compensation is not enough. I think the icon has no real connection to the skins I've bought. And I think watermark is just going to make already shitty borders and badges in loading screen worse, It's already crowded as it is. Most of us don't care about RP so don't give us any. -And let's be realistic here, getting back your money directly from Riot won't happen.- Give us something of exclusive value. I don't know what, maybe Icons for the skins we owned. Or a Ward skin. However, Whatever it may be, it must mean something to THESE PLAYERS. And this time to be strictly limited to those players.   So, new comers get the skin they thought they loved. And older people keep their exclusive feeling in their accounts.   The only problem I can see with this logic is that majority of people who do not get ward skin or icons, crying all over for them again. Which should be the hit Riot has to take because they fucked up. And they should tell these people to be happy because they got the skins they've all asked for.   They shouldn't just take out of something valuable for these people and think it's ok. When the players themselves say it is not.
1	I see a lot of people mentioning that the High ELO players and competitive teams trying this strat are losing a lot, but not acknowledging that there is a team winning. Notice that both sides are using this strat, so even if the player you are watching is losing, that means the other side is winning while using the strat. No one said jungling was bad because they were watching TheOddOne and he lost some games while he was jungling and the other team had jungler.
1	I think you need to do more research before making a tier list like this, You had Nunu at #3 for patch 5.5 but have only played one game on him since the patch was released, how can you say with such certainty that he is that good having only 1 game played this patch? Another problem I have would be Sion which again you haven't even played more than once this patch, which doesn't really co-ensign with what you said in one of the comments you made, "Even then I just play most of the champions and test them out before actually comparing them with the strong junglers and get a feel for them" How can you say that when from what I can see on your OP.GG you haven't even played more than one game on these champions yet? I don't have a problem with you making a tier list and in fact I think its really great that higher Elo players like yourself are wanting to give back to the community, But I do ask that you play the champions at least more than  one or two times before Making statements like this.   Another problem I have with this is lower Elo players tend to take things like this as gods word, for example I had one of my Students/Friend who I've coached a few times going on about a certain tier list (Which I wont name for the sake of Slander/Witchhunting) Written by a player who isn't very high Elo Where he said that Shaco/Volibear were the best jungle's right now, so my Friend hops into solo Q in bronze Loses all his games playing these champions, then in term thinking that he was playing very high tier champions blames his teammates for the loss because he believes that his characters are top notch for carrying. So with lack of data I cant see if this is accurate or not.
0	believing religion should influence politics   80% of people in the US identify as having a religious affiliation. While laws should not be made only because of religion, they should be made to best represent the people in the country. Completely ignoring 80% of people's beliefs and way of life does not count as representing the people in the country.   >women should not have control of their own bodies   This subject is not black and white. Allowing all abortions isn't necessarily the ultimate answer, even though you may believe it to be so, other people believe otherwise. Heck, I'm an atheist and still do not agree with 90% of pro-choice issues. Yes, Romney said he would glady sign a bill banning all abortions. BUT he continued on by saying that the governement is not at that point. Personally, if it were up to him, he would. He does however realize that it is not the overwhelming majority of Americans who agree. He is seperating his personal beliefs from what is best for the country as a whole.   >gay marriage   Yes, there are some points that I do not agree with. I support gay marriage, Romney doesn't. I hardly think that it is an important issue in this day and age though. I believe that fixing the economy is infinitely more important than worrying about whether same-sex couples can have the status of "married" or not. In fact, even among straight couples there are less and less marriages. The whole concept is slowly getting phased out of our system as the world becomes more atheist, since it is traditionally a religious ceremony.
0	Lawyer here.  Legally speaking, you're right - it is negligence, in this case on a basis of strict liability.  Strict liability means that negligence is implied if something goes wrong, because the actor had "exclusive control" of the situation (for bad example, if there is one guy in an elevator and it starts reeking of fart, he's strictly liable for the fart unless you believe in ghosts farting), or if the activity he's engaging in is one that is abnormally or extremely dangerous and it is expected the actor use extreme care and caution in engaging in the activity, and is responsible for any negative outcomes that result from such action.   Here, it's obvious the guy is negligent under the latter theory of strict liability.  He's a gun instructor, who trains the use of guns and handles guns with live ammunition.  He is responsible for the safety of every person in that room since he has (apparently?) been licensed/allowed to engage in such activity around groups of people.  No excuse, like "he didn't think it was loaded," would apply.  The law considers him to be at fault automatically because something went wrong. This is of course talking about torts (civil) law, not criminal law - which would probably require some sort of intent or recklessness to rise to the level of criminal negligence.
1	No where did I say not to try.  And in no way is my logic flawed.  Chauster has played Alistar a lot, doublelift has played Blitzcrank more than a lot.  They both play bot lane extensively.  I think they know exactly what needs to happen for duo-bruiser to succeed.  Your logic is flawed in the fact you are basically arguing Chauster/Doublelifts understanding of the game and bot lane.  My logic is maybe that duo-bruiser lane is just too risky to use.  That isn't to say something else wouldn't work.   Example:  If duo bruiser bot succeeds only 40% of the time but it succeeds so explosively that it snowballs and instantly wins the game, would you consistently run that lane?  The fact you are even arguing countering the meta by using what counters the meta's lane composition and not just what counters the lane is actually the entirely incorrect way to go about it.  I would rather people think to pick to counter lane, not to counter the meta's lane composition.
0	The big thing to remember is that the winning/losing isn't about hurt feelings or showing off; at least in the sense of flirting it is much more complex than that.  It sends a subliminal message about your personality and priorities as they relate to her.  If you are comfortably dating or just friends, that's different.  But I assume here that you are curious about more novel and potentially romantic situations.   Whether or not you should give it your all depends on the person, it's just something you are going to have to learn to read.  Some girls hate a guy who lets them win as they see it as disingenuous, others see it as a positive aspect of his personality.  If you don't know her that well then I would suggest the latter as even the first type of girl will recognize that it is kind of the social norm in those situations.  But if you already know the girl pretty well then you are the best judge.   In the more "traditional" cases, it's good to lose in what I can only describe as a joking manner.  You kind of act disappointed but it is clearly an act (being disappointed) and she knows it.  This opens the door for some flirtatious trash-talking.  It also demonstrates that you are more interested in her than the game.  Generally try to lose by a close margin as this maximizes the flirtatious chatter, which is a good fallback if the conversation starts to get stale.  Flirty lines like, "well if you hadn't distracted me with that smile maybe I would have made that last goal," will usually elicit a positive response (cheesy, but go for it.  It makes you seem funny and daring and the subtle compliment will get her thinking in the right direction).   I guess a cynical person could see it as you just playing a game with her head, baiting her into your romantic trap.  Personally, I just think that kind of flirting is fun.  It shows that you can make light of the trivial things and put the spotlight on her.  Just make sure not to lay it on too thick.  Charmers aren't the ones who seem cocksure and aggressive, they're the ones who seem confident and comfortable in their own skin, willing to just let their personality show without having to prove anything.   Source:  years of sticking my foot in my mouth and getting it wrong long before I got it right.
0	It all comes down to a question of who is paying for your college. If your parents are paying, it's a dick move to try to force you into med school, but they have a right to not pay for a sociology degree if they don't feel it's worthwhile. If they aren't paying, who gives a fuck what they want? They have no leverage. Hopefully you'll follow their advice and everyone else's and avoid sociology, but if your parents aren't the ones paying, you can do whatever you want.   Note that even if your parents  are  paying for your college, they can never force you to do something you don't want to do. They can refuse to pay for a sociology major, but they can't force you into med school. Honestly, you'd probably be better off just putting yourself through school or getting a job and working your way up the ladder without a degree than wasting several years of your life stressing and sweating over a career you have no interest in and are going to fail in anyway (and make no mistake, you WILL fail in a medical career if you don't want to be there).
1	Did you just use the numbers for a 2000 hp target on a 1500 hp target?   now imagine just lowering that by 25% for MR.  You still haven't killed an AD carry and you have blown everything.  You haven't made it 6v4 and you have no sustainability in team fights because you didn't get WotA.  You also have gold invested in stats that you don't need.   What you are building for is strength at a very specific point in the game, but due to your items choices you probably will fall off harder later on.  Also, DFG does 30% of current health (not 35% like you're using).   Now reduce your DFG damage by 175 damage and your ult by 72.5 damage.  so its 450+450+217.5+1.4 AP+(AP/100 0.035*current HP of target)(The AP ratio on the ult isn't 0.4, but I don't even want to bother calculating it) = 1,117.5 Without factoring AP.  Now your 1500 HP target is still alive and given that they probably had about 25% damage reduction, you've only done a little over half their hp in damage.  The ignite and the rest of your ult wont kill them.  They probably also have lifesteal and heal and escapes.  So you essentially did nothing in that team fight.   What youre comparing it to is will of the ancients because thats a more common first item than Deathcap.   Which will do less damage, but you just gave your team a nice aura.   The question is, what do you build after your DFG?  The person who built the will can now go for deathcap or Rylai, what do you get?  What do you get when you can't burst a target down anymore (which you werent even doing in the first place)?   The other question is, why didnt you max W before Q?  If you actually intend to teamfight that W is more useful for yourself, your own AD carry or, if you really went more glass cannon, your initiator.  W base damage on a single target would be 480 damage, now if its someone who jumped into the fray (like yourself because you would have spellvamp instead of a DFG) it'd do even more, which would keep your shield up better which would keep you alive longer which would allow you to do more damage.
1	The issue with naut and many other tanky junglers is that brusiers do it better early. In those early ganks they bring damage to the fight with some form of cc.(typically) For instance if you don't land a hook with naut you aren't doing anything pre 6.(its much harder to land than j4 eq or elise e or even lee q) Even if you do land the q the enemy can flash out before your slow or the .5 second root. It also only does 60 damage compare that to any of the top jungle picks damage output from their cc or that can follow their cc before the flash.(elise, j4, and lee have reliable gap closers as well)   The biggest reason to have a tanky jungler is for early(ish) tower dives which has not only taken a hit as turrets get buffed, but is hard to pull of as naut because he is generally all in and has no mobility after using his hook.(this is true for all tanky junglers pretty much) Elise and lee can get in and get out which makes them much better than tanky junglers at diving early.   Late game scaling is also an issue because for the most part damage scales much better than tankyness late game, and the fact that as a tanky jungler unless you get fed your going to have around 10% more gold than your support. Taking kills on a tanky jungler who has low natural damage output is really risky because your team(the damage) is not getting far enough ahead. For example leona, ali, and braum are all tankier than you will be even with the ~+10 gold income. Another issue is no matter how tanky you get that 5 item adc is still going to burn you down pretty fast after they ignore you and finish off the rest of your team. Top tier junglers still have ways to remain threatening even late game.(lee kicking the enemy adc into your team, elise can potentially kill the enemy adc or at least wound them heavily while getting out, eve kinda falls off, but that ult makes her really tanky and she is usually threatening enough to make the adc focus her and is kinda hard to kite)
0	There not. Some maybe. people get slighted over the years, have a colored vision of the way things are, or read something without a proper source and form an opinion from worthless anecdotal evidence.   There are plenty of "facts" in this thread and when asked for a source i've seen afew blog links.  The worst possible source you can use to form an opinion.   You get alot of mens rights type things being said here. And alot of them might be valid, but the reasoning is far off in most cases. But when talking about those things it's hard because of three factors.   One. If you havn't experienced these issues first hand you may be hesitant to believe them. But this isn't just the case for mens rights. It's the case for ANY form of discrimination. I'll fully admit until several years ago I honestly believed racism no longer was a factor in todays world. I hadn't known anyone who had experienced it. I hadn't read about it. I only had what I've seen of the world which was very little. But it felt like it was enough to make an informed decision. This is why when you read about this stuff you have to go "yeah ok". I'm not saying take it for complete truth, but don't dismiss it. There are enough complaints that it should be evident that it happens even if the reasoning is off.   Two. Emotions. When you write about something that you feel is unfair. ANYTHING. You get emotional and you make assumptions. You feel like you were slighted and it's because the system is out to get you. When you order a pizza and it's more expensive then you think it should be. Some people in all honesty believe you, the guy being paid minimum wage is screwing him over because fuck you that's why.  when in reality food prices were raised for some reason beyond control. People get seriously upset over this stuff. Anyone whos worked in food or retail will tell you people get upset over some ridiculous stuff. Now imagine you take that attitude and apply it to something seriously unfair. You just lost rights to see your child after you and your wife divorced. Your wife cried and tried to make you look like a bad guy so you can't see your child. When you get people freaking out and jumping to conclusions when it comes to food prices, it's not a stretch to see how people will feel that that system is set up against them. Then they write about how the laws are written so women get custody of children and men get screwed. People read about it on said blog and we re at why blogs are horrible sources.   Three. You don't really know who you are talking to or what you are reading without the proper research. You can look in this thread and some people have experiences that they share. Some people want karma and make shit up to jump on the circle jerk wagon. This can spread alot of misinformation but it causes emotional reactions. The faker gains karma like he wanted, and what little credibility anecdotal evidence had lowers even further.
1	You can counter Nami with Leona. You can e+q to her. She is quite squishy even with health runes so looses direct contact. It's good to do engage after her w (heal/atack) and even better after she uses her q (buble). Her abilities have quite a lot of CD at first.
1	Okay lets talk basics.   ADC do damage through autoattacks. This means that they have potentially infinite sustained DPS. Any time you are NOT auto-attacking in a teamfight, you are not doing your job as an ADC. If you die as an ADC, your DPS goes down to zero.   What this means is your first priority is being safe and your second priority is to auto-attack anyone even tanks. ADC also have the best ability to shred tanks because their whole item builds are dedicated to damage and items like Last Whisper are built on ADC.
1	I will just leave this here   Fighter   ya|iu|no|zac|ax|af|tru|ok|ec|riv|mb|do|nu|e_|aa|vo|lp|try|ion|wu|zed|em|nid|ju|ud|ged|sha|pa|de|lo|fio|hen|eng|^al|yz|are|xi|vi$|yo|gp|yc|mm|yi|yv|rw|^i|rv|^el|gn|yl|ho|po|ul|go|nas|ke|sk|ene    Assassin   ya|no|ax|kas|ev|e_|kal|kat|zed|em|sha|zz|pa|lo|fio|eng|xi|vi$|yi|kh|^i|nc    Mage   sw|kas|ev|rm|ux|ie|xe|hei|dd|kat|ahr|oz|ria|gg|zz|de|sy|ag|lz|ez|yz|pe|ik|aw|dia|nd$|zy|^el|nc|san|hu|vei|zil|rga|ul|niv|ke|gal    Tank   iu|zac|af|tru|ok|ec|do|leo|aa|vo|lp|ion|ju|ud|ged|thr|amu|ag|hen|ic$|^al|rau|are|ut|mm|yv|rw|rv|jan|tz|ho|nas|gal|sk|ene    Support   nam|nu|leo|rm|ux|ie|sor|dd|nid|ria|thr|ic$|^al|rau|son|ut|zy|yl|jan|san|tz|zil|rga|ul    Marksmen   ta$|siv|tc|vay|
1	Your questions are skewed toward a particular set of responses. I tried filling it out, but as someone who has very consistent moderate ping, a lot of the questions don't make a whole lot of sense and are hard to answer.
0	Anyone that will actually stop to let a pedestrian cross the road is doing a good deed. Men can't look at an unknown woman without assessing their attractiveness(just how it works).   That said, the sort of jerk-o who would actually look you up and down is probably not the empathetic person who would actually stop their car and let another human being have the right of way.
1	The main reason in my opinion why many quality of life queue improvements are not implemented, is because of duo queue.   For the greater good, I think the ranked duo queue should be reduced to single queue. If you dont have a partner the queue will 100% reflect the work of 5 single people as a team and not the work of 3 rnd and 2 premades or so on.   I think this will make the game much better and will allow many qol improvements to the queue that at the moment are not possible because of possible abuse of duo partner.   If you want to play with friend you can play normal, that is what it should be there for.
1	Brutalizer used to be not as good because it didn't have a good build path. The only thing that you could build it into was the youmuu's ghostblade, which is good, but not an item that everyone want. Some champs that might want that item is like nocturn or trundle, people who want high attack speed. But champions like talon, pantheon, zed don't really need ghostblade because they do mostly spell damage.   Now that brutalizer has another build path, the black cleaver, it suddenly became a really good item. 25 attack damage, 10 armor pen, and 10% cdr reduction is already really really good for 1337 gold, and you can probably build then on your 2nd time back. This item creates such a huge power spike for ad casters once that item is completed. People just never used it in the past because while it does give that early power spike, it falls off late game because ghostblade wast he only thing it could be built out of, but now that the new bc is in the game, it allows champs like pantheon, zed, talon to build the brutalizer into something that they actually need.   AP mids also have very similar item, the fiendish codex, which costs 1000 gold, gives 30 ap, 6 mana regen, and 10% cdr. While it costs less and give more ap than attack damage of a brutalizer, attack damage scales so much better on ad casters than ap does on ap casters. And not to mention the base stats for ad casters are usually much better so ap casters usually have invest more money into defenses than ad casters, which is also very stupid. Bc giving health makes ad casters a bit more tanky while getting more burst, which is also stupid.   All in all,
1	I completely agree with this. I started playing league in about September last year, however I climbed to 30 quickly and began playing ranked. At first I was stuck around 1000 Elo in S2. Then s3 came around and I sucked bad at first and ended up in Bronze 4. After several weeks of win some, lose some I began to get annoyed with the constant raging and bad decision making. I decided to take it upon myself and quit being that guy who always tried to carry at mid or adc. Instead I began jungling. That was about two weeks ago. Now I'm about to go to silver 5 and it's been less than 40 games. In bronze as long as YOU know what to do in the situation you can lead your teammates. As the jungler, I don't try and carry alone. I perform my role, and do it well. I would say that my 72% win rate in the last two weeks speaks for itself.
1	Can't agree with that. Mundo does very decent %hp dmg with his Q and also, adding his unbelievable sustain, does decent amount dmg with his W in teamfights. Not mentioning ad he's getting with low hp E. So missed point here - Mundo does quite a lot dmg as hyper tank. On the other hand there's Nauti. Had pleasure to lane against him with Gnar. Simple counter to him - stand behind my minions and poke him. I know that Gnar may not be the best indicator, but i think that Alistair or  Maokai, or even recently Swain, would make my life a lot harder. Nauti is so immobile, so low dmg, that it was realy a piece of cake. Poor guy couldn't even get near his minions @ 4 level already.
0	Just got out of a 6 month relationship myself. Told me she broke up with her ex a month before we started dating. I get a new job and end up working with his best friend. One thing leads to another we both found out. Both of us ditched her shit. She's alone and miserable and now and I'm friends with the other guy, he's actually pretty cool.
0	To be fair, people buy computers for different reasons.   the average people with macs at a highschool-college level are usually in a field where the macs are simply betterl. For instance, coding, the Sublime Text and Dreamweaver interfaces are sleek and very polished for front end designers. Same with graphic arts, Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign just generally look more user friendly and sleek on the mac interface. These people bought them for their careers, not for gaming.   personal anecdote  I had a 09 MBP in college, my one roommates was a  PC MASTER RACE  kinda kid. Used to just make fun of me cause I could play games on high def, or top graphics. I came to college to learn my trade, not game. I had an xbox to game, which I rarely did. So a top of the line gaming pc, seems stupid to me. Why spend 1800 on a computer that's sole purpose is going to be gaming? The way I saw it was that I spent 1800 to better my future career.
0	I have a similar story. When I was a kid I was playing with my cousins in the front yard. My cousin happened to be wearing these bright yellow shorts (it was the 90s) and he claimed he felt this sharp pain on his ass. He wrote it off as nothing and we went back inside. He felt another one of those sharp pains. He didn't know what was going on and he felt yet another one. He decided to go into the bathroom to check on his butt and when he took is pants off a wasp flew out.   I shudder to think how he was only a few inches away from being in the op's situation.
0	Ugh. I hate people like this. When I was in high school, we used to listen to the generic top 40's station (which was actually any of the top 40's of 7 years ago 3 years) or country music on the bus to school, but one time we had a substitute bus driver that let us put on whatever we want. Some guy put on metal, and this whiny bitch was like "escuse me. ESCUSE MEE, I REEEALLY DON'T LIKE THIS. Is he listenin-I RREEEALLY DON'T LIKE THIS." So the bus driver put the music back to "Today's Best Music". I'm not a fan of music, but it was a nice change to the same old shit we listened to every day. Anyway, the bus driver came back and all the metal heads were like "ASSQUEUES ME, I REEEEALLY DON'T LIKE THIS" again and again the whole ride until the driver put on classical music. The last sentence of this story never actually happened.
0	I once went out with some old college friends to a place with $2 tequila shots.  I woke up on the subway, threw up and felt so weak I could barely pick myself up to get out of the subway.  Sitting there on the platform, trying to muster the strength to get up, a homeless man walks over to me and give me a dollar.  I tried to say no, but he already walked away.  I've never seen him and now only vaguely remember his face, but I appreciated the act of kindness.  Never drank that much tequila again.
0	Eh, I wouldn't call it hate, honestly, more of a dislike, in general. I've been around some, once they've shaped up, stopped shitting their pants, developed an actual personality, once they're around 7 or so, at least, that were fine to be around when I had to. But there's just so much about their inherent nature that I don't like. I know it's just how they are, but I still don't like it. Plus, you have the ones with shit parents who just run rampant and do whatever they fuck they please, those are a big part of it.   So yes, it's a generalised thing, and I'm sure on the off chance I woke up out of a coma with a parasite sucking on my tits and oxytocin rushing through my system that I'd love it, and I'd be a decent parent to it...I just don't want to have to. That's a big part of it I think. People act like you have to, or just don't realise that as a matter of fact, you don't have to.   Plus the thought of being pregnant disgusts me. Like deep down jibblies disgust. If artificial womb technologies existed, and I don't mean surrogates, because I don't want to see other pregnant bodies either, that'd be a huge, but not deciding, obstacle out of the way for me personally.
1	What I just read is ridiculous... I think you forgot that the moment you pick Lucian you sacrifice having a long range ad carry. Lucian no longer can E away and cleanse slows and he can't just spam E, only probably being able to get 1 more within a rotation in a teamfight unless you stomp it. If you go ghostblade or cdr boots you sacrifice teamfighting damage for mobility and even if you do go ie/shiv other adcs are much stronger with their 2 item core (corki tri,bt/botrk) (kog tri,botrk) (vayne botrk, shiv). I don't think you realise Lucian does now have a specialised role in terms of adcs and it's a highly mobile short range skirmisher. With the repeated nerfs aswell, he is outclassed by Corki and Twitch in every aspect EXCEPT mobility which is not even a huge disadvantage in high level play unless you are vsing a comp that punishes low mobility champions but you could still probably get away with it if you play, micro and teamfight well. Lucian doesn't even have the ability to win most lanes if played at the best. Lucians only strong points are relatively strong laning, crit burst and mobility.
1	I replyed just in a post... I was away but i send you again my msg to you: 1) Jungle needs to be viable dmg espacially when you play udyr/shaco etc. this means you either gank and get a kill or you farm... 1a) When you play shaco get red buff and gank top/mid at lvl easy kill at this skill level 2) If you play jungle that doesnt mean you can have 20 cs in 20 mins... you need to farm do it by: a) jungling - yes it means kill creeps in your jungle and enemies if you can and you are aware off where the enemy is... take jungle timers on enemy buffs place wards at there red/blue and gank them b) helping top and mid... i mean when they need to go B and the lane is pushing to your turret go there and farm by last hitting NOT PUSHING but last hitting 3) 9k gold in a game is not the best score.... I play ranks mainly as support and my avg (lolbase.net) is 13.5k gold per game... You play jungle so you should have more gold then a support dont you agry?   Sorry for my other posts and the rage there... but your video quality is just bad and made me mad :)
0	Most coffee shops seem to think putting a few ice cubes in the top of the cup is adequate... really all that does is cool off the first two sips. I'm never going to be a little bitch about it at a restaurant or something, I'm just saying first thing in the morning when I'm in a rush and don't want to wait. Pouring it over the ice immediately infuses the coffee with colder liquid and makes it immediately easy to chug.
1	oh you know, some stuff are different . Might as well wait for s5 so you are aware of the changes.If you don't want to you can watch "
1	There are three lanes in most mobas. Three lanes means three major goldsteams. Jungle falls off as a farm source after the early levels to prevent carries afk farming the jungle until late game status without meaningful counterplay.   Three goldsteams remain for four players. Three farmed champions and a utility champion is more effective than four players sharing three gold sources because stuns and shields are impactful regardless of gold wheras damage and tankiness are hampered when gold starved.
1	Let me explain what my view of it all is. Statistically it doesn't make sense. But if a million people flip a coin a million times the average will be 50/50 but there are outliers. People who just get a streak of games with retarded trolls start complaining about elo hell and as soon as some one has a troll he'll be like yup I'm totally experiencing the same thing! I think the whole dunning kruger thing might also play a role in it all.   Disclaimer: I am not exagerating in any way if you choose to not believe me that is fine.   Personally I had a 10 game loss streak because in every single one of those games my team would rage SO HARD at each other that everyone gave up hope of winning and it just devolved in to a giant flame fest. I always tried to stop it, saying that flaming is only detrimental to our collective goal of winning and that it only makes people play worse. But it did not help at all. Now I know that if I keep playing the chances of this happening again is pretty small but I can understand people in my situation crying: ELO HELL
0	That's likely because you're male (if you are).   I've been a part of a psych study that was testing to see if men and women can get equally aroused by the same situation over and over.   Women can get turned on by the same thing over and over but men start to become disinterested. This is why most men will look for new porn instead of fapping to the same thing over and over.
1	so i see that most of you are not really into what this game is. i saw like billion comments its pay2win etc. i was playing crossfire "competitively" where you couldnt use any item thats NOT buyable with in game money. its skill level is equal to cs 1.6 (i played cs too), so basicly, yes its pay2win since you can get armors and shit via shop, but once you get on higher level you will shit on anyone getting armors and stuff since every higher level player is playing without that stuff but is just that much better. if you are really good, you will beat anyone using armors and stuff. its all really up to skill more than items. if you are playing against someone good he will headshot you with first bullet in his magazine and you will die unless you have helmet, but if he is much better than you he will repeat it before you could even hit him at all.
1	You have to consider, though, that Doublelift doesn't do anything for his team in the first 25 minutes of the game. He keeps up in CS, and he's always really good lategame, but Chaox habitually  wrecks  his lane when playing Graves or makes really strong Ashe plays all game long. Doublelift just farms for lategame teamfights, but Chaox will often just set his team so far ahead with midgame roaming and pressure that Doublelift's lategame role barely matters.
1	Imo CLG's individual performance, laning and strategy are the least problematic. Their teamfighting, however, has been severely lacking for the whole season and they failed to address that.   It boggles my mind that they had enough team synergy and shot-calling to pull off fantastic rotations and objective control but somehow failed to use this team synergy to win teamfights.   And the worst thing is that it felt that even the players themselves realized that, so they played with even more pressure trying to end the game before teamfights could happen...
1	Plat II here.   When you're playing a traditional athene's-raba-void AP mid, what do you do once you're vsing an AD?   Last night I picked Ori against Jayce; their jungler was Vi. I started off with a dorans then rushed seekers. afterwards i went into fiendish codex to Athene's unholy grail, then Rabadons-Void Staff. I ended up doing okay/winning because I had good ults and our team had better fights, but early on I kept dying from Vi ganks. I feel like I built wrong, what should I have built instead?   Double dorans -> tear -> seekers -> morellonomicon -> raba, void, zhonyas?   but I feel like that takes too long to ramp up
0	Yep! Forget buying a house in the Boston area if you don't have a combined income of at least 125k. Child care is easily 2-3k a month if your job doesn't provide or subsidize (depends a lot on the city, too). For some, it makes more financial sense for one parent to quit their job to stay at home because their salary goes directly to child care 100% (or doesn't even cover it after taxes).
1	Brand new level 30", you say? My advice is you should start by playing more normal games.   That being said, the higher you get the fewer trolls (generally speaking), ragers and leavers you get. Since you mention being "stuch with support" - I play support for almost all my games (be they normal or ranked), and I have no problem carrying games, even now in the mid 1700's (I tried around 10 games on a friends account who's 2030, and I had no problems there either, though I did find that I didn't actually have to carry because people were simply  a lot  better at things like map awareness, warding and communication)   NOTE : By carrying as support I don't mean being the most farmed/fed on the team, I mean I  enable  someone (in most cases my ranged AD) to get farmed/fed, and keep them alive long enough to kill the other team, as well as providing ward coverage for my team so that we can take objectives, avoid ganks, etc (sometimes I'll even hop on up to ward for toplane if there's an r-tard up there who doesn't ward and/or is a very unhappy person in general).
0	Well, part of being in a relationship is doing some things just for the sake of your SO and also quitting some stuff that used to perfectly normal when you were single.   She should reevaluate the level of openness between her and her male friends if she put the sake of her relationship first.   However, if it was the first time that happened and they didn't previously discuss the topic of how close and open should they be when alone with friends of opposite sex now, that they are in a relationship, it was on OP's part to give his girlfriend a benefit of doubt. If that was the case he should have clearly stated, that her quitting sunbathing topless in front of other guys is a compromise he expects from her (she could, of course, have some of compromises she expects from him). And this whole situation could result even in strengthening their relationship rather than putting an end to it.   But if the OP had this conversation, right there or before, where he clearly stated that this bothers him and the girlfriend would call him overprotective and stick to the option that for her sunbathing topless while on kayaking trip with her male friends is absolutely OK and she considers it a very important liberty on her part, then they should walk they separate ways. Because that would show that she doesn't understand that, for the peace of mind of your SO and the sake of relationship, you sometimes have to give up some things even if they seem totally innocent.
0	Another time and place, my shop chief in a missile shop sent me on a chore with two female airmen ( literally lowest rank there is and still recovering from boot & ATC ).  At the time I was ~220lbs of muscle while the two airmen were maybe half of me in size.    We were sent to McDonalds to buy ~180$ of stuff for the shop as a reward to the entire staff as we just got news that we had received our third "outstanding unit" award in a row.   This was in Japan, so when we got to McDonalds, after some communication issues, the orders were set.  Freakishly, 15 minutes later our order was splayed out on the counter and before we started carting it back to the truck, the clerk asked "Is this for here or to go?"
0	Shaw in Canada is the worst for this. It's story time: when I moved to the city I signed up for the Shaw student plan for $54 every month for cable and internet. A few months ago I knew my student plan was going to run out again and would need to be renewed. I called them and asked if I could do that. The guy I talked to on the phone said that because there was still a month remaining on the previous contract, I would have to call back in a month. Fine, whatever. I called back a month later and was informed that not only could I not renew my student plan, it was no longer offered and if I wanted to continue service from them it would be over $120 each month.   I was pissed right off since if the guy had renewed it when I asked I wouldn't be dealing with this shit. I called three different times and spoke to three different people about how unacceptable customer service the whole situation was. No one was willing to do anything to help me and they seemed to adopt a mentality of "too bad for you." I even had one guy get irritated with me and say that he was doing me a huge favour giving me an extra month for $73 but they would not be accommodating me any further. Fine, fuck them then. I talked to my fiance and we decided that since we don't really watch the cable we could easily get rid of it and save some money.   When I called back and requested that they cancel my cable, I told them why when they asked. They were sure quick to give me the $54 a month plan back when I threatened to go elsewhere. It makes me so mad. It was clearly very easy to do. The girl did it in less than 10 minutes including my spiel. The three times I spent on the phone with those other idiots was probably 20 minutes + and I got nowhere.
0	Oh I know exactly how you feel. Grew up very religious. Never felt comfortable talking to girls. I'm 27/m and it wasn't until this last month that I started to transition away from my nice guy tactics on girls (which always failed and left me frustrated).   The nice guy tactic is boxing yourself in. You're not allowing yourself to be more than the desperate guy who will do nothing but serve the girl he finds attractive in order to get with her. It is putting yourself out and shows little self respect. And the girl sees that. (As do guys when girls do that to them. Desperation makes me go ewww. So I bet girls think the same.)   My attitude began to change when I started the keto diet (r/keto in case u were unaware). Sounds silly maybe. The diet began to work and maybe I realized I had more control over my life than I thought. And maybe it was the healthy eating, but somehow I began to gain more self respect. My thinking was, and is, less frenzied and I realized I could actually get in shape without killing myself. So the prospect of better looks are on the horizon. I'm still not a very confident person and still do things which demonstrate less than optimal self-respect. But I can sense a positive direction that I'm moving in. I don't have a gf, but at least I don't feel needy all the time in the presence of girls, and I'm more comfortable in general around them. I'm gaining this calmer confidence that makes me feel like I am good enough (improved self-image I suppose). And I smile more. Less depressed now I guess.
1	Noone considers lion a weak hero and he is certainly viable and pickable. Io was nerfed(but not overnerfed) and it never had 100% win ratio. So instead of pulling numbers out of our ass, let's talk with actual data from the international 4 qualifiers   244 games, 98 heroes picked out of 103(+4 who arent available for captain's mode because they are new). Io was picked in 31 games(it doesnt show bans though) and had 35.5% win ratio. 35.5% win ratio? My god, Io must suck, it definitely needs a buff /s   Lion was picked in 6 games and has 50% win ratio. Obviously io is more popular than lion but that doesnt mean that it is better. It is just a completely different support hero.   What is strongest, making your carry(and yourself) take 20% less dmg+attack speed, root enemies and being able to teleport yourself+carry anywhere on the map? Or having 2 insane cc(one of which is aoe line) and one nuke that literally 1shots heroes? Both heroes are extremely strong in their own way.
0	Because, (as a cop) I can tell you that anyone can lose it for a minute.. I never have, but one time I chased a guy down and he fought me like crazy, he was stronger than me, and very motivated to hurt me. ..  I finally got him cuffed and rage took over and i wanted to punch him,,, but i did not.. .something in me stopped me... and i remembered my oath...   Had i punched him in a fit of rage or adrenaline.. should i be fired? Arrested, lose my job, my house, my family?   Sadly, too many redditors would say yes...    Any other job, you would get retraining, or counseling.. hell, you can come on reddit and talk about smoking crack and get upvotes.. but if a cop makes a mistake he should be exiled to working as a garbage man.   All cops have had a moment like i did, and they think, "that could have been me".   I once was rolling around with a guy, he was found in an alley outside a bar having sex with a girl who was high on ecstasy and coke and had NO IDEA what she was doing.. her friends boyfriend found them and it got real fun...  the guy did not want to go to jail and the fight was on..   he was trying to punch me, he spit in my face, and he tried to kick me in the nuts...  I am trying to get his hands behind his back, protect my nuts, and make sure he can't get to my gun.     Let me tell you something, fighting isnt like on TV... its nasty, on the ground, biting, kicking, etc..        Anyway, I try to taser the guy, and I look down at the last minute and i have my regular gun drawn... even though the taser is yellow and the gun black/blue, and even though they are on different sides of the belt, i pulled the wrong object... thank goodness I realised it, a cop in San Francisco did not, and he went on trial for his life...
1	Its good to have variety of items you look to buy depending on how the game is going, who the threats are on their team, what role your filling for your team (in the case of xin are you trying to assassinate the enemy carries or are you more of a front line tank trying to set up your carries to clean up). Its important to understand what stats you need in each situation and what items you think will best fill those needs.   In your situation you ask about trinity vs mallet and the question is are you trying to soak hits and disrupt the enemy carry or are you trying to be the one who gets the kills and removes the threats from the battle. If your a tank then you want survivability so a mallet would be the better of the two options, if your wanting higher damage at the lost of less utility and durability then you would get the trinity.   The other thing too is you might want to be the tanky initiator but you want early damage but as the game goes on you shift towards being tanky so 1st item trinity might be the better choice then start building your tank items like randuins, warmogs, aegis, etc. Understanding items and the flow of a particular game can greatly dictate the choices you make in your build.   Just have to experiment with items and feel out what you think works best given a particular situation. Flexibility on most champs (expecially when your in a feast or famine type position like jungling) is important in your success as being stuck in a ridged build can result in making the wrong item at the wrong time and that gold investment being fairly worthless. Example: Playing Skarner and building a glacial shroud as one of your typical early core items when the enemy team had a fed kass that is causing havoc for your team. You really would want some MR and HP in this situation instead of a big armor buy. Instead you might think about an aegis for a more even stat mixture, quickly completing your ancient golem for tenacity and HP, or maybe a locket of the iron solari for the CDR, HP, shield for the team, and still have some armor for tanking towers or the ADC.
1	I don't know why people insist on making these post all the time and claim that elo means nothing because of the teammates that they have or etc. Honestly, I went from shitty 800 to higher by not giving up every game by the 20 minute mark and playing passive junglers + giving all the kills to my teammates. There will be a different way/playstyle that each person gets out of the "crappy elo". There will NEVER be a clear cut elo where everyone is a fucking robot and just listens to your orders. As someone else said you're going to get bad teammates and you're going to get good ones. How do you think pro players/2k elo+ players got to where they are now?
1	Believe it or not, most of us don't have much money to spend on this game. That is why while some of us buy 2 champion bundles and a some rune pages have a ton of IP to spend on runes, most of us don't even know runes exist until level 10, and probably don't save up for them until at least level 20, many don't even save IP until level 30. Why? Because not everyone is a person who played from beta who is familiar with all of the champions. What we want to do is to expand our champion base and learn the game instead of saving up for runes.   This is really why I find your entire argument is invalid. Sure, it is inefficient to solely buy IP Boosts if your intention is to buy only champions. That you have proven and we aren't denying it. However when you say "Don't buy IP boosts, they aren't worth it." That is a complete lie because They help you do something that you can't do with RP. This means there is no exchange rate between RP and IP.   You are under the expectation that everyone is dropping 50 EUR for this game to strictly buy champion bundles and rune pages, but that is entirely not the case. Most people don't buy that much RP, and thus buy probably 95% of champions with IP. And when that happens, they need more IP for runes. What do you know, IP boosts help with that.
1	I clicked the video for an informed comparison of the dynamic of the two games, not to hear this loser complain about my possible prejudices.
0	I don't think that's as common in such a manipulative degree as you're implying, although I know that it happens and most women I know kind of hate women who do it. I only know what's true for me and my friends. We rarely ever take advantage of gentlemanly behavior when we see it, which is not often (in my generation). When I do see it I don't think poorly of the man, but if I plan on having a lasting relationship with that person I squish it quickly.   The sad thing is, I can understand why some women might play to the stereotype. If you're going to be treated as "different" no matter what, you might as well take advantage of it rather than stepping on people's toes like I do. I've watched nice guys get really annoyed that I don't accept their chivalry. Really I think it's damaging to both genders - guys because they have to sacrifice and girls because we get relegated to this weird status that's almost like a china piece. Pretty and deserving of careful attention, but frivolous and incapable of serious work.
1	Wow!  They somehow managed to nerf him yet again!   Let's see....   Passive:  Useless passive removed, but outrageous cooldowns only reduced slightly to make up for it (except Q).  Remember, his old cooldowns were balanced around his passive, so new Skarner  will  have higher effective cooldowns on W and E.  The new passive is basically the centerpiece of the kit allowing Skarner some semblance of his pre-nerf stickiness, but I'm not sure a .5-1 second stun is all that effective.  I've played a lot of Nautilus and that .5 second root he has is over before he can even hit them with his Riptide!  Annie's and Braum passive stuns start at 1.25 seconds and both of them are easier to use than melee Skarner's.  And the fastest way to get that sweet .5 second stun is to land a Q, land an autoattack to reduce Q's CD, land an E, land another Q, and follow up with another autoattack.  The best case scenario is probably 2-3 seconds of melee range combat to land a lousy .5 second stun.   Q: Nerfs across the board!  Half ratios and ~ 20% lower base damage.  His old passive effect is added to Q, so that is equivalent.  Extremely minor speed buffs added for the 1/500 fights where an extra 3% movement speed would make a difference.   W: 3 seconds knocked off cooldown, but that is just making up a bit for removing his old passive and will probably still have a longer cooldown than old Skarner.   E: Extremely heavy nerfs!  Half base damage, almost half AP ratio, and an insignificant 2 second decrease in CD to make up for it.   R: Finally a meaningful cooldown reduction.  The buff added to it (consuming stacks) is a small bonus I guess, but hardly meaningful.  It is just tacked on so he has another interaction with his stacking passive.
0	Please bear in mind that no matter how small your town is, or how large your city... No single post office handles your mail/packages. If the shipper is in the same town/ city, their carrier picks the package up or they drop it off at the post office.   From there it is put on a truck to go to the nearest sorting facility. There it is sent through machines that scan it to know where it goes and check for hazardous materials.   Assuming it just comes back to your town, it is put on a truck and sorted by clerks before it is received by your carrier. Should it go elsewhere, it is put on a truck to go to the sorting facility nearest you. There it goes through the machines again before being put on a truck to your post office.   One thing I noticed was that it was sent Parcel Select. The cheapest form of shipping. If the glasses are expensive, send them Priority. Insurance is included. If you can get the shipper to agree, send it in some form that requires a signature. If he has to come to the door to get your signature, it adds immediate accountability for the carrier. Insurance will pay for damaged goods.
0	It can't be overstated how unscientific that study was. L. David Mech's study, which effectively lead to the creation of dominance theory, consisted of wolves randomly thrown together. Wolf "packs" in the wild are just families, where the "alpha" male and female are the parents, and he has since changed his stance on those findings.   Now, Dr. Mech  has  said that unrelated wolves in a group will eventually create a pecking order, so "dominance" isn't non-existent; it just doesn't occur in the wild. The only exception is when you might have multiple breeding females (one will be "alpha"), but even that is exceptionally rare.   In addition to dominance theory being faulty, perhaps the biggest mistake people make is applying that theory to dogs. This might be news to some people, but  dogs are not wolves . Whether they're descended from wolves, or simply share a common ancestor, it's incorrect to expect that their behavior would be the same. When you see a dog being aggressive towards another dog, say, at a dog park, it isn't "dominance"; it's bullying, plain and simple.   Lastly,  dogs are not humans  (this also may be news to some readers). You aren't going to "dominate" your dog when you're an entirely different species. You're a provider and a necessity, and if you do things right, you will be a  joy  for your dog.
0	Even though this is a terrible circumstance and the teacher is being extreme, I sorta agree with where the teacher is coming from. I was always one of those "Man forget the formula they are teaching, I can do this my way and get the right answer"   It worked for a looong time, but as I went higher into education I realized I couldn't do that anymore. It was a really hard couple of years in highschool where I had to re-learn how exactly to learn from the teacher.
1	Despite what the recommended items show, I tend to start with 3 Lucky Picks as soon as I can get them, followed by Boots of Mobility, ending in Archangel's Staff and Zhonya's Ring in whichever order I choose. Not only does it help your heals, but Infuse has a 0.6 Ability Power conversion rate so it'll do some decent damage.   If the game drags on from there, I'll trade in one of the picks for Frozen Heart, trade another for Ryjal's Scepter, and the last one for Guardian Angel, Deathfire Grasp, Abyssal Scepter, whatever you want really. The game's over by Ryjal's in most cases.   The recommended items seem to focus on health, armor, etc. and very little on improving your abilities. I find Innervating Locket to be kind of junky, Aegis is nice but it's meh late game, Soul Shroud is also very meh, and Guardian Angel is very situational.   When you heal for 600 hp every 6 seconds with an emergency 1200 heal that hits everyone from a pretty far distance every 45, you wonder why the other team doesn't buy Executioner's Calling.
1	Tier lists are inherently flawed, because they are based on the assumption that the environment is static. That is not the case. A "bottom tier" AP carry is sometimes the #1 AP carry in certain situations. The most highly rated champion, on the other hand, can sometimes be considered the worst pick in the game with certain comps.   Tier lists do not allow for this type of flexible thinking. Therefore, tier lists are inherently inaccurate and over-generalized. In a team-based game where the inclusion (or exclusion) of certain champions  DIRECTLY  impacts the effectiveness of other champions, a "tier list" in its current format is just plain inaccurate; this is not the correct way to view champions.
0	Agreed.   But, I don't think its necessary to blame yourself for something you have no control over. You are biologically programmed to scan for compatible sexual partners for evolutionary purposes. It just so happens that the more attractive a female is, the more likely it is that she will be viewed as a more 'compatible' partner (attractiveness is usually a sign of good health). Now, if you do have attractive female friends, then guess what? Your brain will automatically attempt to inform you that they viable candidates for love-making (baby-making). It does so by locking your eyes onto the visible female body part that would most likely attract your attention - in most cases, boobs. Knowing this, don't fight your desire, but make sure not to stare or be weird about it.
0	ANNNNND this is pretty much why i drink... really the only way i can stand to be around people without wanting to smash my face into a wall attempting to have a conversation with them.
0	Maybe they trusted in the basic decency of people and assumed the place was completely safe for their daughter? In Paris or Dublin, for example, its not uncommon at all for people to bring their kids to the bar. People there act like decent adults with a healthy and mature attitude about drinking. It's a perfectly safe place for kids to be.
0	Effect? None, it just makes you look like a huge idiot and I'm not even Irish and I find it annoying. If someone said to me, "I'm English" and they were Australian(that works pretty well because it was a colony and they haven't tried to distance themselves as much as Americans have) I'd feel complimented but if their English heritage went back to one of their ancestors being taken over as a prisoner I'd accept their heritage but I'd consider them Australian. Hell, I've known Australians, they're Australians to me. Not English. I respect that though. Just how you'd be American even though if you're white you probably have some English heritage somewhere.
1	Well that's the thing, what mistakes have they actually repeated? And I wouldn't call two separate fines for two separate and different situations a repeat.   For the most part, they haven't repeated past mistakes, so until they make the same mistake twice, it seems they're learning from them. People just get hung up on that one mistake the first time something happens because we're all so used to other competitive organizations having very well defined and fleshed out rules that have been refined over a long period of time, while competitive LoL is still in its infancy compared to other competitive sports.   Esports is still a relatively new field and Riot is doing a lot to progress it, which carries with it the fact that they don't have much to go off of, because, afaik, nobody has really taken esports this far yet. Yes, there's been Starcraft and CS and multiple other games, but definitely not on the scale of LoL.   I'm not saying Riot can do whatever they want and it's excusable, I'm just saying that we need to look at the big picture. Riot screwed up with Gambit and London, so now they're doing everything they can to make sure Worlds is all prepped and ready to go, to prevent that situation from happening again. This issue with Regi (who imo does deserve to get punished) will hopefully bring around some changes to the rulebook. Maybe refining the rule they cited to fine Regi, as well as a rule to explicitly mention that players shouldn't be announced as playing in the LCS before they're cleared. Riot should be adding things to the rule book as the situations arise, and I'm sure they will, of course they couldn't have done it while the Regi situation is still ongoing, because it looks very bad if you make a new rule for that situation, while that situation is still a problem.
1	A couple things about downvotes:     They don't mean anything. You'll lose a few karma points and your post won't appear on the "hot" page of the subreddit, but it doesn't mean anything in the long run.   Related to the first point: downvotes are nothing personal. They're not an attack on you or your content. (Unless you're some infamous player and the community has a vendetta against you this week.)   Related to point 2: Downvotes are redditors' first line of defense against content they see as lowering the quality of the subreddit. Whether it's a meme post, off-topic comment, or whatever, often the only thing someone can do is downvote. They're just trying to improve the signal-to-noise ratio and keep the subreddit a place where we can have rational, semi-intelligent discussions (and not just a one-stop shop for memes and drama like some other subreddits).
1	Let's just wrap this up:   Blitzcrank's W is made to give him the opportunity to reposition quickly to get a hook on a high priority target off. What his W gave him was an escape/engage/reposition. This change reduces the W's use to only reposition, because you won't be moving anymore either way when you hook the enemy, you wont even feel the slow.   All your comparison videos and all these comments tell me that you actually want his W to be an escape or engage skill. Well, having this as an escape or engage is probably what makes Blitz so ridiculously strong in the first place.
0	Nietzsche is rolling in his grave, K. Syphillis will rot your brain. All this crap like, oh! It can just be cured by antibiotics is a misconception. In many cases, yes, antibiotics will destroy the syphillis bacterium and you can go on your merry way. I happen to have a friend who personally recounted his nightmare with syphillis to me, so he's a friend of a friend to you guys, but this anecdote was all too real to me. My friend picked it up in NYC out partying years ago. He started having health problems but they didn't catch that it was syphillis until it was in more advanced stages. He had to be given a dose of extremely strong antibiotics and the antibiotics nearly killed him. He suffered from a stroke. He eventually beat the syphillis but still lives with nerve damage from the stroke. It is really painful, it keeps him from working and he's only in his thirties. He also warned that alot of people just plain aren't educated on STIs (duh). For one, you will have to beg your doctor for a syphillis test because the test is expensive and medical protocol does not call for full std screens every time you get a checkup. Communication with partners and condoms are key. For two, syphillis is caused by a spirochete bacterium. These bacterium are shaped like little spirals and can actually act as a virus acts--- drilling into good hiding spots in the body and coming out to attack when the body is weak. Lyme disease is also caused by a number of spirochete bacterium and their shape is why it is so hard to completely cure. Anyway, because syphillis is a spirochete, it can actually be transmitted from mere skin to skin contact, like brushing against someone's sweaty leg.
0	The knives are locked in a cabinet but legally I can't let customers reach in to serve themselves. We have to tell the customer this and position our bodies so we're blocking the cabinet door opening when we get the knives out. I'm 5"2 so despite this he reached over my head and grabbed a knife out of the cabinet as I turned around the put one back. He brought the knife back out of the cabinet past my face rather than back over my head. Warned him once, he did it again.  My manager didn't see it. When I told him he couldn't care less cause he was busy and the customer had left the store.
0	That's because one of the elements for creating an easement or adverse possession of someone's property is that the "taking" is "hostile" and essentially against the owners wishes.  So if your wishes are to let them use it, you destroy the hostile element.
0	WAITASECONDJUSTTHERE.   You think the blanket statement 'feminists encourage false rape claims' is a fair point. And you are seriously concerned by people not taking it seriously.   Regardless of the gender or type of person, you think people of any kind encourage false rape claims? Like you think there is a group of people here on this world who, in an organized manner get together and are like 'hey. That is a man and an enemy. He is easy to take down. I just had sex with him.  WHY DON'T I SAY HE RAPED ME? THAT WORKS SO WELL!! ' Cause you know, his semen needs to get on you somehow. Ever considered those forensics? Further, do you seriously have any idea what trials involve? How much effort? How difficult it is to get someone convicted. You think that people are going to organize themselves to but voluntarily put through that repeatedly? And then what, admittedly for [funsies, cause of the shockingly low conviction rate?]( You think THAT is the reasonable course of action. And that a group of people put themselves through that for virtually no gain for themselves.   Seriously?
1	Yeah, Why not buff useless adc's.  Will it really hurt the balance in bot lane if they gave a weak ADC for example Quinn a little more range on her auto-attacks(525--->550).  And Urgot, they hit him with the ugly stick and an awful kit.  C-mon an auto attack range of 425, a shield that scales off AP (They were kind enough to give Riven a shield that scales off AD) and possibly the worst ult in the game.  What the fuck is he supposed to do in this game.
1	I've been reading comments on this thread for a while now, and your comment made me realize something. Yes, the contest is rigged, but not in the way people have been speculating. Such contests are usually marketing ploys, and this is no exception. They probably wanted to promote diversity, since this is Europe, or to present themselves in a certain light. That's why they chose submissions in different languages. However, most of the submissions were probably in English, and quality submissions emitter languages were likely hard to one by. Riot will probably not comment on this issue, since their marketing strategies are secret and too complex to explain or justify to users they are supposed to affect. It is sad, but this contest is not intended to give something back to players or to do a good thing. Riot is a company and operates as such. This strategy is  in this case obviously a miss, but hopefully they will learn from it.
0	I'm sad this is so far down.  My parents were not perfect; they divorced when I was 12.  They have a whole wealth of mistakes and flaws.  They're still fucking amazing parents.
1	ok so, youre making mistakes if you cant raise rating, you just cant see what they are   thinkabout the game. take a break from playing so things that are habit become things that you can question. question everything. dont take other peoples advice automatically. if a better player than you does something, they have a reason. find out the reasons, dont copy their actions.   when you can make your own decisions based on correct reasoning, you become good.   it takes time. taking breaks from the game (3-7 days) can be helpful. staying relaxed is key. dont take losses personally.   in the end, some people will just be better/smarter than you at this game. try and work harder than them, and out-think all the people who are worse or the same as you.
1	Vayne's lategame is overrated, lucian will get more damage off in 1 combo rotation - enough to kill vayne 1 on 1 or kill the enemy carry. Any player is smart enough to avoid getting stunned by vayne. Vayne's low range makes teamfighting extremely hard with her, because she will die in 1 second. What also makes vayne's teamfighting pretty bad (Compared to other ADCs which are favored right now) is her single target damage. She ONLY has single target damage. That means she has to maul on 1 target to deal high damage with silver bolts. In a real game with a real teamfight - this would be impossible. Vayne's low range simply doesnt allow that. And the tradeoff's she makes is not compensated by damage. Kog'Maw and Jinx both deal more damage than vayne while still having some AoE damage and high range. However a fed vayne is deadly in the right hands. The problem is, you can not rely on getting fed. Lucian has such high damage output because of his autoattack-reset abilities, his passive, his passive that crits and his high damage abilities.   Jinx and KogMaw have a better lategame. Yeah true, but they lose out on dueling power which lucian has in exchange for teamfighting power. The thing is though, jinx and kogmaw lack mobility. It makes focusing them down extremely easy while its hard to kill Lucian. Lucian is the entire package lategame. With any other adc you have to make sacrifices.
1	I played a rank where 2 people on their team dropped immediately. Thought it was a free win because both our enemy bot lane were afk, but this nidalee comes to our lane mid-game (first time really interacting with us) and she is soooooo fed. I was so confused. I just assumed that she was just that good. Didn't think twice about it.   Later in the game I was only one at our base while our team was pushing their inhib. I go to grab jungle monsters on our side and see nidalee running towards a bush. I assumed she was going to go and B so that she can defend inhib. I ran in RIGHT after she went in and she was gone. I said over my mic   "Damn where the hell did she go???"   "Who?"   "The nidalee"   "... what do you mean? I am fighting her"   Sure enough she is back at her base defending the inhib... sucessfully I might add. I haven't heard of Nid teleporting THAT far before... but I swear to god, I was chasing her and then she was at her own base within seconds. For all I know it was one bug and we were just that bad, but it was just odd.
1	for a new player its bad and the ip prices are party to high.  the regulation when they reduce the prices of older champs is also bad, they reduce it when a new champ comes out, bad idea in my opinion.  the champ should get reduced price after a fixed amount of time, like from 6300 to 4800 after 3 months and then lower after another 3 months or so, at least it would be better for players who are new and for players who do not play as much as others.  but the problem then is that a lot more people have everything unlockable with ip unlocked, so there should be something where you could spent your ip to win, for excample tips on lcs/ogn games with ip and if you are correct you get at least your ip back, or on bigger things they could even grant something special like skins, rp, or something new, like "parts of skins" so that you need like 3 parts of one skin to unlock it and beeing able to use it.  that at least would make older players happy to use their ip on something for the game instead of farming them more and more and dont have anything from them, except as soon something new comes they instantly can buy it, without money.
0	This happened to me a few summers ago.  Circumstances were that she was smoking hot and had recently broken off her engagement and was in town for the weekend, and I was briefly single when my then-girlfriend said we should be on a week-long break (a la Friends). We went out for drinks, maybe a few too many, and then ended up back at my place and I swear I had to pee every 5 minutes, which meant no sex.  We did pretty much everything that doesn't involve a working penis.  She left my house in the morning and I haven't seen her since (as I mentioned, she lives out of town), and has since gotten back with the guy she was engaged to and I was back with my girlfriend.
1	I don't see why it is a problem... Adc is one of the only role (if not the only) that can consistently carry a game singlehandedly in all meta. I think the fact that the majority of top challenger are adcs support my point. Also shouldnt compare adc with ap solo lane carries, because ap carries cant consistently output damage like adc do. In my opinion, I like the tanks being strong, but i would like the meta to be more diverse, double tank (top and jungle) is pretty boring.
1	no, urgot should destroy kassadin in every sense of the word in mid-lane. Gangplank, Trynd, Riven, etc all just really fuck him up. Urgot would probably be the worst as he has constant ranged harass and such strong early damage. Vs an equally-skilled urgot kassadin should lose 100% of the time
1	Yeah it's an interesting idea, but I don't think it's really needed. Basically, to get someone to purchase wards, we shouldn't have to trick them into doing it. The benefit of a ward should be apparent to anyone that's level 30, which it is I think, but low level people tend expect certain team members to get all of them which is wrong. It's also part of learning the game. A person playing mid lane at bronze elo and not warding at least one side brush is the difference maybe between him staying there and getting into silver (a bit of an exaggeration here.)      Your idea of giving bonus stats for buying wards is interesting but lets think about the players this is targeting. If the stats are too low, people at low elo are gonna say it's worthless anyway, pretty much anything below 5 I would think. Too high, and suddenly you have something that increases lane snowballing. Say you FB someone, go back and buy two wards, each granting between +5 Ar/Mr. Your opponent is trying to scrape together a few items just to survive the next couple of minutes to get level or get a gank. You've purchased those same items, possibly more, plus the wards, thus making it harder to ever exchange positively with you.      I think in the end, Riot would be better off making more advance tutorials that explain gameplay mechanics at a higher level than just, kill these creeps, kill this champion. I think what exaggerates the non-ward buying at low elo, is that it is extremely hard to jungle unless you are on a smurf and know what you are doing. No one helps leash unless you know to ask for it, and then the leashes can be interesting to say the least. Also because no one has runes, and they don't adjust the jungle creeps for the summoner level, you can get pretty messed up, possibly not able to complete your first clear. This all leads to people pretty much staying in lanes and not worrying about ganks for a long time. I'd say pre level 7-10 people will routinely start off in a lane and go that lane over and over until the game ends. There is a certain charm to actually not knowing what is happening in the game.      I can kind of remember how I thought as a new player, and really wish I could watch myself first learning the game right now. I think Riot encourages this self learning process, but could really help out the low level community by imparting a lot of what has developed over the last couple years to newer players. I've recently been helping my friend try to learn the game and he's already better in specific roles than the majority of players at his level 24-25 range.
1	That's because a lot of people are all about having the most kb's, and don't think of it as a team game.  It's really popular in a lot of mission based FPS.  A lot of people are clouded that in order to win, they have to get the most kills, regardless of what the team actually needs (Medic, tank, support, etc).   I play Blitz a lot, just to solo towers, initiate and turn the tide, making it a 4v5.  I have a blast even though Blitz isn't going to get a lot of kills (if any at all).   Earlier I played a ranked game as blitz.  Someone "called" caitlyn, and someone else picked her.  A third person outside of these two, said "wow what a douche, I'm going to troll now so you lose".  Selected Karthas, picked revive and ghost, and then said he was going AD.  I was playing with a friend (who was Lux), and we dominated the other team.  The three quarreled about not giving so and so Caitlyn, but then asked why they all were so hung up on a bad dps, and not actually contributing to the team and selecting a tank they said "you are 4/3(/8)" Blitz, you have no room to talk.  This is why.  They assume because my actual killing blows wasn't high (when as a team, we had 14 kills), that I had made it possible to fight.
1	That's a pretty big lie but what you say isn't wrong either. This is a team game and you can't carry your team always. I got demoted from D5 because in the majority of the cases my team didn't know how to handle the advantage (I'm not saying I did everything right btw but my mistakes weren't as bad (or frequent) as 1 or 2 people did in the progress jof the  game). I watch a lot of streams, watch LCS and even my own replays and I can tell obvious mistakes that are made in a game (mine too ofc)   Edit: I agree with everything else you said
0	personally, i like curvy, voluptuous women.
0	No Matter What, Don't Try to be "Nice"   Year and a half a go, I had some young girl who had gotten her license like a month before run a red light (she was following someone and they sped thru the yellow) and I couldn't fully avoid her. She paused a moment and then kept driving. I had chase after her (losing all my would-be witnesses) and catch her at a stop sign, yelling "Pull the FUCK over!" to break her out of her shock.   She gave me her info, but begged me to let her take care of it without involving her insurance and her mom. I went to get an estimate and when I told her via text, she then tells her mom. Only, she lies and says I ran the light (she doesn't have a job, gets money from the state). She says her mom doesn't think she should pay anything and I realize I'm kinda fucked - because she ran it is now my word vs hers. Then, the light bulb went off in my head - there are 2 gas stations at the intersection, maybe one has video of the accident.   I go to the first closest to the corner it happened at and my heart sinks - seems the idiot who came in that day forgot to put in fresh discs to record on. But when I go to the other one I am saved: yep, on their security cams you can see the light change, everyone next to me begin to move and then her car run the light. I call the mom and I let her start defending her kid before I drop the bombshell: "did she tell you there is video of the accident?"   Yeah, her attitude changed instantly and from then on she couldn't be nicer to me. Wish her daughter got the memo, because every step was a pain in the balls. Every time her whining about how this was costing her everything she had for 3 months. Worse, I had worked it out to only repair the worst of the damage at a shop her mom's company used for their own vehicles so it wouldn't cost as much AND I had to pay for the new headlight needed up front because while the repair guy didn't mind doing the paint/labor, he didn't want to be out of pocket real money.   The capper: she could have been arrested for fleeing (I had her plate# before chasing her down) and repair job wasn't that great.
0	I realize that people like you have such a self-reinforcing mentality that all negative reactions to your behavior are invariably seen as a vindication of your intents, beliefs, and motivations.  Of course you are going to take my dismissal of you as proof of a larger intellectual flaw that you have concluded extends to most of the population but in reality I am (as well as apparently most people you encounter) using your attitude as a gauge for whether or not a conversation with you is even worthwhile.  It isn't.  You're not intimidating people with intellectual "savvy" or blowing their minds with your totally "insightful" critique of feminism/women, you're just adding to the choir of jabbering morons spewing their inane philosophies on the internet.  There are intelligent people to discuss this topic matter with who I don't agree with and you sure as hell aren't one of them.   This of course  should  make perfect sense to you.  For a person who pontificates about objectively observing reality rather than being swayed by "shoulds and ideals" like those suggested by gender equality, you  should  understand the practicality of my perspective and that you  expecting  to have your viewpoint respected and thoughtfully engaged is itself an ideal and a particularly stupid way of determining if you are "on to something big". The catch here is of course that you are full of shit, which is blatantly obvious to outside observers.  You aren't being objective in the slightest nor are you applying the standard from which you piss on women with the slightest bit of consistency.  That is why you whine about their behavior and claim their behavior as grounds to mistreat them but then bring out the persecution complex every time someone pisses on you for your own poor behavior.  It is a double standard, one that underpins the self-aggrandizement that is embedded in most of your posts and surprise: it turns people off.  The only thing hypocrites like you are worth is being an outlet for everyone else to vent our frustrations at.  That is why the popular reaction to you seems like some grand conspiracy, some problem that seems the be embedded in all corners of our society. Across all gender boundaries, ideologies, classes, and cultures most people look at you say and "GODDAMN that guy is one hypocritical douche!"  That is how utterly repugnant you are.  It is also why you piss and moan about being disrespected on the internet, desperately asking the masses why no one else is bothered by how dismissive people are of you and finally consoling yourself by saying it is all because we are brainwashed.  We all get it, we just don't care.  We do our business on your face, shrug off your arguments, and go back to our daily lives because everyone can see you for what you really are.   But judging by the mental acrobatics you do in your other posts, I don't think any of that will get through to you. Let me put this in some
0	This isn't a bad decision, it was an opportunity to try something you thought you would enjoy. But somethings just aren't made for others. If you have the option to, you could have switched classes or put it off for another semester. What I suggest for future purposes, if you can, try and get to talk with a professor of a course that you plan to undertake. Maybe even find a date to attend a lecture or class when you have time. But for now, if you are still attending this class, just find it in yourself to work harder, and maybe find some tutors (this is a must sometimes).
0	Even if he didn't say this, it's in the same  format  as a common phrase of his.   More than once, he has said: "I don't see race. But people tell me I'm white and I believe them because  [insert white clich here] "   I might have gotten it slightly wrong, but that's approximately how he often says it.   OP took that format and inserted his own thing. It's how some memes are born. Kind of like how the New York rent party dude never said: "The amount of reposts here ... is too damn high" (just a random meme phrase)
1	There's nothing wrong with thinking this game is casual, it certainly can be played casually. I mean, I do.   In terms of eSports?.....It might be casual  in comparison  to other games like DotA, but that's mainly opinion. It doesn't mean the game itself isn't in the hardcore level.
1	Im not sure either, but I think the main point was that there were random ping jumps in the game which made the experience worse, and it was annoying that they had to wait 10-60 minutes just to find a match and then in the match they had random ping jumps.
0	I generally don't unless people want to talk about it with me. A majority of conversations I have about atheism are replying to religious people who approach me first about it or reply to me posting something like "watching cosmos with my fiance dreading going to work tomorrow." I was taught to keep religion & politics out of personal conversations from a very young age. I have friends who are deeply religious. They know I'm atheist, I know they're Christian - If they don't talk about it I won't talk about it.   I have a problem with family way more than friends: My grandmother used to randomly ask me if I was going to church, knowing that I'm an atheist. It's funny because for years she used to tell me my views were going to put me in hell. To this day she tells me I should go to church, but she dropped the whole hell thing thankfully. She did baptize my son without my permission though (so did my fiancee's grandmother to her child - crazy right?) and sends him children's bibles and christian books all the time. I put the Bibles she sends on my neighbor's doorstep. I'm hoping she never realizes it's me and just assumes some door-to-door Christians were handing them out, lol.   But where to go from there: I believe I get the same satisfaction out of Neil deGrasse Tyson's explanation of how we got here that someone else does in a day at church. The concept that the stars burn hot enough to create the elements which make up life is amazing to me. The belief that we're here by some stroke of luck makes me appreciate life more than religion could; not believing that humans are some supreme species does wonders for how I feel about animals and how I treat them. I love animals and life so much that our family has 3 cats, a rat, a tree frog, a ball python, 2 hamsters, and tarantula. I'd adopt more animals if I had the time and/or room.
1	Firstly the example given is irrelevant because it's totally different from the League one. This exploit is an exploit, not a system vulnerability. It's a method for using a perfectly harmless system in a manner that, while basically technically harmless, is deceptive and capable of fooling people into doing stupid things. Countermeasures for something like this are different than for a security vulnerability of the kind you mention.   To elaborate on that, the exploit you provided was a technical risk. This one isn't, it's a human risk. There are two sides to network security, the technical side and the human side. The League exploit in question isn't all that dangerous from a technical standpoint. It's  HIGHLY  dangerous from a human standpoint,  ESPECIALLY  when you consider the userbase (wide and full of computer illiterate people). This exploit is dangerous because of it's utility when it comes to phishing. Let me give you a scenario:   Little Timmy is 10 and loves LoL. He plays it every day and has lots of friends on it. One day he gets a notification from his game telling him that he has an important message and that he should click here to view it. He does and it's Riot support telling him that there's been a problem with his payment information and that he needs re-enter his credit card information. He goes and gets the piece of paper where he's written down his dad's credit card number and within the hour his family's bank account is empty.   Now you'll say "That kid is stupid. Nobody's that dumb!" you're right on the first part, but boy are you wrong on the second part. People are stupid, that's why Phishing works. Now, most people are smart enough to figure out that the message from "nmericanxpress @gmail.com" isn't legit, but if you provide Phishers with a very convincing way to pretend they're real (and this exploit allows that) then many people will fall for it hook line and sinker.   Additionally, the kinds of people who would be hurt by this are the kinds of people who don't even know the difference between HTML or Java. To them knowing that the way this exploit is carried out is "blahdy bladhy blah" wouldn't be of any help whatsoever. In fact that knowledge would only benefit people actively trying to exploit this bug.   KNOWING HOW IT IS DONE WONT PROTECT YOU FROM THIS EXPLOIT ANY MORE THAN SIMPLY KNOWING THAT IT CAN BE DONE.  This exploit is simply a way of fooling League's chat system, so short of removing your entire friends list there isn't any way to stop someone from using this exploit on you. Now it's possible to avoid having this exploit hurt people by telling them that it's possible for people to send fake messages using the league client, but beyond that there is no defense against this more effective than simply knowing that it's possible. Knowing the name of the programs used to mess with the messages, knowing the formatting required for the messages, or knowing how to edit them in the first place don't help you protect yourself against this exploit. It's just that simple. If you know how the exploit actually works this is pretty clear.
0	My dad hit me until i was 16 or 17, and i started getting fed up with. He used the belt to hit me, it would leave red marks. He never hit me physically, and never left bruises. Everyone saw it as normal for where i come from it was normal. And one day during my sophomore year of high school, i started lifting, and gain around 20 to 25 pounds of muscle. For which then i would use to my advantage, then the day came on junior year of high school. They year was about to end, and i was in the park with my parents and family friends. I wanted to go pretty far to take a jog, and my little cousin wanted to come with. I told my mom i didn't to take him because he was to small, and i was going far. He was crying and kept crying, by the way my dad(if i can call that piece of shit man "dad") hated and still can't stand kids crying. So he told me to stay and take care of him. I said no, because he wasn't my responsibility. So he came over, and i thought to hit me, and tried to grab me. So pushed him back, and thats when he got mad. He looked furious, and his friend held him back to avoid anything physical. They talked to him, and after the park i went to this church with my cousins husband to avoid going home. When i went home he seemed pretty normal, but until the next day after he came from work. He just came crazy from work, told me to go to my room and to wait for him. He was gonna hit me again. So i said no, he came over. But my mother tried pulling him back, and he shoved her to the floor. And thats when i was enraged, and i got up and just shoved him back as hard as i could. And take in note that i was at my top physical shape. He fell back to a glass table, and gashed his elbow from the broken glass. He was dizzy when he started to bleed. He bled all over the floor, my mom told me to get my cousin. So i went, and they were talking him to the hospital. I just stared at him, he made a sudden movement with his head to try to scare me. And I didn't even flinch, i just kept staring at him. After i mocked him in front of him, to show him how ridiculous he looked. After that i spent 3 days in a friends house, came back and till that day. HE has not talked to me for 2 years now, and neither have I. Nor has he hit me, or tried to. His friends and everyone else told him before that incident, "You try to hit him again, he will not take it and he  will fight back." But he never listen.
0	I think China is behind all this.  Kim doesn't care about NK as much as when the next pie will land in his stomach.  China is the real power in that region and has the most vested interest in maintaining a semi-friendly buffer from SK/US.  As soon as real open hostility starts between NK and SK/US, China's forces will just roll across the Yalu and be the first to get into Pyongyang -- with the diplomatic excuse being to help the SK/US and the World getting rid of this rogue state, but with the real intention being to create a new friendly puppet state as the buffer.  To accomplish this, China manipulated/coerced Kim into the saber-rattling.  Once complete, NK will start to develop healthily and stop being a pest, SK and US will be happy and continue to trade with China, Kim can still munch on all the pie he wants in China, and most importantly, there will be a much friendlier and stabler buffer where NK is.  Everybody's happy.  Best case scenario.
1	I actually think 'let Darien feed' is Gambit's legit strategy, Darien builds up as a tanker than distracts the entire enemy team powered by his balls of soviet titanium, most of Gambit's winning teamfight is won by the enemy team distracted by Darien's hyper-aggression. It gives psychological pressure to the enemy team too, you're going to be annoyed of this spider/ninja/croc/etc just rubbing against your team with sunfire cape saying "sup", and there's always that urge to focus on the feeding member of your enemy team.
0	This isn't something that's okay to say  ever .   Speaking as someone with depression who has struggled with self-harm and suicidal tendencies and lost some people to suicide, this is about one of the worst situations I can imagine.   Not only did those students just lose someone who they had known and gone to school with for some time but then a teacher decides to impose her religious views on the matter? Scratch that. It doesn't even matter that it's a religious view. I'm religious and I'd never say shit like that.   You know why? Because things that can spark depression include [feeling like a social outcast, prejudice, and stress]( and if you're a close friend of someone who has committed suicide because of depression or something else, odds are that you struggle with similar issues.   People with depression, like me, tend to group together because few other people understand the mindset that leads you to thinking in this way. My two best friends both also suffer from depression, panic attacks, and self-harming tendencies.   This aside, being in a situation like this is bound to induce situational stress because most people would intrinsically disagree with the teacher's assessment but they are in a position of authority. [Stress is one the largest factors into psychological breakdowns]( and what that teacher just said will not be helping anyone.   Not only did this teacher slander someone who had just died, they also hurt other people who knew that person through their words and actions. That's not what a teacher is for.
1	I definitely would have clicked smurf when I first started if I knew I would get xp/ip boosts for it.  Sure, I would lose most of the first few games, but my MMR would fall rapidly, and basically it would mean losing the first 10-15 games but gaining much more xp and ip than I would have otherwise.  I like getting currency in games (who doesn't?) and the option of getting more for just a couple losses is something that I would take every time.
0	As someone who is a former alcoholic and who is coming up on one year of being completely alcohol free I can say with honesty that op has no clue what they are talking about. It's not as bad now but I went through withdrawals same as any other addict there are still days where the want/need for a drink are so strong that I can hardly function. I can still recall perfectly the feeling of being drunk and some days I want that feeling so badly it hurts. But I have a great support system and have already lost too much to alcohol. Believe me, when they say it's a disease they mean it and I can vouch for it. So just because you don't have a family history or predisposition to alcoholism doesn't mean you need to bash and/or belittle it because there are countless people out there struggling with it daily. Edit just to share a bit of my own experience with alcoholism. I'm 25 I didn't even start drinking until I was 21 and I was never any more than a social drinker despite alcoholism running in my family. Had a great job was a manager for one of the local auto parts stores, was working on getting my own place and so on and so forth.  Well fast forward about 2 years met a girl, had a great relationship with her. She was THE one. She had drug abuse issues. Ended up killing herself, going on 2 years ago. I was devastated. Two weeks after that, my grandfather dies suddenly from a battle with colon cancer. The depression was too much and I had to have some sort of escape. Now before these events I had only ever gotten drunk maybe once or twice, usually only ever drank to relax. Not anymore. I would drink 2 beers on the way to work. I would drink 2 beers on my lunch break. If I had deliveries I had to make I'd stop by the liquor store in the corporate delivery vehicle and grab one or two small bottles of Jack Daniels and drink one on the way to the delivery and drink the other on the way back. When I got off of work? Usually a 12 pack. I would then come home. Pass out. And wake up still drunk. What would I do? Drink a beer to take the edge off where I could function. Eventually I would drink all hours of the day and night just to be able to function properly at all. I ended up quitting my job instead of being fired for what I knew was inevitable. Could I have quit drinking? I could have. Did I? No. I HAD to drink. One month after quitting my job I got a DUI. Spent the night in jail. When they finally got to my case in December 2012 I was given $1051.00 in fines for DUI my license was revoked for a year and I was put on probation. Was that enough to get me to stop drinking? You guessed it. Nope. In December 31, 2012 I got my second DUI. Was put into jail for a week for violating the terms of my probation. That was the worst. The first week going without alcohol was hard and enlightening it was scary going through the withdrawal process but being in jail gave me time to actually think clearly for the first time in over a year. Long short guys now I have 3 extra years of probation and won't be drinking during any of that time but I've got a new 40 hour a week job and life is getting better again. I've not had a drink since that arrest on New Year's Eve but I can assure the OP and anyone else who doubts it that alcoholism is a disease just like any other addiction.
0	Things deviate... it's cool.  The 1st episode is like a shot by shot comparison to the 1st issue or so.  After it starts to separate.  You'll see how some plots are similar but slightly tweeked.  Once I got ahead of where the tv series was, I found it cool to see things I thought was coming up.... although.  You do NOT have to worry about the Comic book spoiling the series.  Sure, I may have a feeling about things & I sure there are things I am certain are coming.  But how they will come about are anyone's game.   For ex (and I won't spoil anything, since I don't know how far you are in the series) I was current with the Comics & would see TWD show, sometimes I would catch things in promos or how the story was unfolding.  Perhaps a foretelling of a character, or an upcoming plot.  Everyone at our viewing party would be guessing, half of our group reads the comic & half do not, so when the latter would leave the comic group would be bringing up things they saw & predicting outcomes.   Of which, when the time came about, were always slightly altered.  We were never right or right about it partially.  Either way, the viewing of the series never felt taken away by reading the comics.  Our group has discussed it & all agree.  And as a side note, the comics were there first & should be appreciated first as you wouldn't have this great series without it.   But that said, IMO, reading the series... does not take away from the tv series.  After all, we all chat about the show & make our guesses about what is going to happen next.  Sometimes we're right, sometimes we're wrong.  And I honestly feel like even having been reading the comics all this time... I'm simply doing the same guessing game as everyone else.  The writer's do an excellent job of twisting things & throwing completely new things in.   Give it a try...   bold
1	I honestly think this has blown way out of proportion. And once again we see a lot of people just hating on XJ9 because he did unforgivable things in the past and whatnot.   Yeah guys, he deserves his ban. Yeah guys, he is a prick by our definition. Yeah he shouldn't be unbanned going by Lyte's post about other issues he is legally bound to not say on here.   But.   Why did the debate turn into "should he be banned?" LS mostly talked about the insane abuse XJ9 must have witnessed in the thread where he got "re-smited". He mentioned numerous times that he doesnt defend his actions and would never call them anything but stupid.   And that's my honest opinion about it. Yeah okay, keep the ban on him that's fine. Don't make it public on reddit though and don't let comments asking him to kill himself stay up - we do have a witchhunting rule on here right? He might deserve a ban, but he is also human and deserves some 'human rights', nobody should be put through reading that shit. And you know he would read that shit.
0	first of im not claiming there is no racism in america.. there certainly is far more than should be tolerable. I just want to clear up the American/African American terminology for you as you don't seem to understand it. African American is a politically correct term for an individual living in America who is of African descent, you can say black if you want they are synonymous, it is simply describing a trait of a person rather than dividing them from the rest of society. You could equally call someone a blonde American or an Irish American or a short American, it is a descriptive term rather than a separative term.   we are certainly a whole, and there are individuals who don't like being compared to negative stereotypes but for you to claim that all Americans of different races buy into them and don't want to be compared to one another is ridiculous, and the fact that you differentiated out white people above all other races to of course be the default racists is itself racist...
1	I know exactly how you feel. As soon as I saw that there was Ahri changes that Riot was implementing I was instantly worried. When I Read over the changes I was somewhere in high Gold by memory. I played Ahri as a sustained damage mage. NOT as a burster champion. I always built items such as Rylai's Crystal Scepter and Rabadon's instead of rushing a Deathfire Grasp that would be expected on Ahri. This strategy of sustained damage mage works through Gold, somewhat in Platinum, and not so much in Diamond. My win rate in Season 3 with Ahri was 57%. Now, in Season 4 it is 53.3%, a drop of 3.5% which is very significant over 600 ranked games (about 22 wins, a total of around 430 LP) Due to the changes to Ahri (Making her more of, quote Riot: "Kiss of death burst Ahri") I didn't adjust at all, I continued playing the same build, just played her mechanically differently. I am now trying to purchase Deathfire Grasp and more "meta" items on Ahri but it just isn't working. I am not good enough at that mechanic of Charm+Deathfire -> Combo. I haven't put much effort towards practicing it. A 53.3% win rate on Ahri is still superb, while not as good as it was 8+ months ago I am still good with her and she is still a viable pick for me in the mid lane.   As for counter picks to her such as Ziggs and LeBlanc it's very difficult, I know. Normally LeBlanc is banned at my ELO and I just go farm lane with Ziggs. My Ahri playstyle is  very  passive and revolves around farming. I am now also trying out purchasing a Chalice of Harmony as my first back instead of just building what ever I can afford for lane sustain. I have not changed my build or playstyle since Bronze, it still works but not as well. I am nearly  too  accustomed to my current playstyle and I am finding it difficult to change to the current meta.
1	I've only played 4 games as Jayce, but I've seen a whole bunch of people climbing with him of late, and I plan on picking him up as my go-to top alongside Riven.   Game 1- Release, didn't have a clue.   Game 2 - Ranked ~2k  - Decided I'd try him out since I got bottlenecked top, ended up against Yorick. Didn't do awful, but Yorick T_T. Teamfighting was strong, but they were too farmed.   Game 3 - Ranked ~2k Jax.  Dear god. There is nothing any melee brawler can do against Jayce. Initiate? Eat 400 damage of E to the face. Want to fight? Get jumped on, slowed, knocked back, and while I'm at it, switch to range, speed boost, q, and 3 autos. Absolutely nothing you can do against Jayce as a standard melee. Best part? Magic damage on the E that scales off of AD. I rolled my lane with ease (remember, this is game 3 with a champ in high elo play, and this was way too easy to win), but lost the game because I fucked up and got over aggressive on their mid who was ahead.   Game 4 - Normal - Morde - Hard to trade with Morde later once he has vamp and shield up constantly, but I destroyed him early. I roamed for a bit and let him back in. Once we grouped, I was a force to be reckoned with, and just dominated their squishy carries.   Realistic thoughts  - Breaks the current top lane style with his unreal utility (free shurelias on something like a 9 second cooldown), is extremely strong in all regards, and punishes dives. He's nearly ungankable with his E up (Knock away, transform then E for the speed boost), so his safety is lane is right up there with Kennen's, probably even more so with the knockback. Magic damage scaling off of AD at high ratios is huge against brawlers because your autos will be punishing as well. Teamfighting I can't really speak about because I haven't played enough games, but in lane he really shines, and is probably the most fun laning experience out there right now.
1	I noticed something interesting you might want to know.   When my normal winrate was around 50%, and 90% of players I got matched up with had no borders, etc. I encountered the same problem  a lot.   After that, I decided to try hard and grind normals for a bit till my winrate was ~53% (500w/450l), and I got matched up with golds and silvers 90% of the time, with ocassional plats. At this level, people were a lot more tolerant of things like this, I could have the worst games ever and go 0/10 but receive little or no flaming at all, and sometimes I even get constructive tips.   I think this is because lower normal elo is filled with bad players who tryhard, they wont get anywhere because they aren't trying to improve, so they get frustrated and start blaming it on the easiest scapegoat...the  first time xxxx player  Just something I thought Id share.
0	Someone acting a certain way within 30 yards of you is only "shoving it in your face" because of your perception, and your obsession over how they act. Someone who is feminine or otherwise acting in a way you don't like who's talking to you is simply talking to you. You see it as "shoving it in your face"  because all you can see is their homosexuality, as if that's the sum of their character. However you and those like you don't like to think of yourselves as anything but infallible, so you of course blame  them  for defining themselves by their homosexuality, which builds a vicious cycle of you obsessing over their orientation and personality traits. Don't do onto others what you wouldn't want done onto you. Could you imagine if you were too straight acting for it to be socially acceptable to be in public? Do you think it would be just for you to have to put on the persona of a gay man to appease the nerves of the gay majority? That sounds pretty shitty doesn't it.
0	I love sushi. X Japan is one of my favorite bands. I have fond childhood memories of Dragon Ball and Gundam, and I think Miyazaki films are pretty rad. I am also sure there are tons of animes that are pretty cool.   That being said, a lot of the stuff my sister and friends like are just bizarre to me. I just don't get it and think a lot of it sucks. The weird fan service things, the cornie cliches a lot of animes have, the high school stuff, and even a lot of the more common art styles. It just doesn't click with me. A lot of the fan culture throws me off too. That is totally just my opinion, though. Lots of my friends think I'm a dope for liking bands like Led Zeppelin and GNR, its just we all have different interests and that is ok.
0	It's cool man, one of my best friends is super afraid of oranges. So we constantly fuck with him. We once got him drunk and taped a bunch of oranges to his body and hands and he had a mild panic attack when he couldn't get them off.
1	Www.solomid.net is currently  one  of the best sites to get trusty (is this how you say it ? :> ) information. Don't go to MOBAfire, it is quite unreliable but on Solomid, Guides need to be approved by the Solomid-team + TSM (a pro team) makes guides themselves.   I know that when I started playing a year ago and found out the recommended items sucked, I'd pick my champion go to a site and look up my build. You don't need to memorize it, when you need to buy something you "Alt+Tb", pick your browser screen and look what items are viable on your champion.  You can follow the standard build if you don't feel confident enough yet or you can pick more Magic resists/armor/damage (depends on if you are losing/winning lane) in the items that are selected as 'good' for your chosen champion. Either way is better than following recommended and if you do just follow the standard builds, don't worry. The longer you play, the more confident you'll get in picking what items are the best in what situation.
0	No, the issue here is your myopic reading of my comment. You've latched on to my saying that women do care about looks to the point that you've completely failed to understand the point.   Women care about looks  AND  they care about personality. It isn't complicated.   Nowhere have I stated that women generally prioritize looks. Everyone has a different set of priorities and it is never categorically binary. My problem with what your saying is that there is a proper way to map these priorities, that there is an 'optimal algorithm' by which to assess a man's attractiveness, and that non-adherents thereto are literally Kim Kardashian.   This is what I consider naive if not quite juvenile. It is TOTALLY OK to value looks to whatever extent one may do so. I've made no statement estimating the distribution of women who appreciate looks more, equally or less than other traits, nor have I made any statement endorsing one set of priorities or another, so stop flipping out any time someone admits that looks are a factor and embrace the fact that human sexuality is too complex to think about in the way that you seem to.
1	Why does everyone assume Triple Q was not intended? There is no way his buff duration from his Q would outlast his ult duration if they didn't want Triple Q to be a possibility. From Scarizard;   "Triple Q'ing isn't what makes Rengar rengar. Stalking prey, making decisions on which Ferocity Bonus to use for the right situation, leaping out of brush and killing someone, or flanking and jumping someone for an allied takedown? Those are things that make Rengar who he is.  You're all right that this was intended functionality when it was put in the game - but even Classick agrees that it was also a mistake. Frontloading 500% of your AD in less than a second on a target of your choosing when no one can see you coming is just not something that's okay. "
1	I think EU are going to get smashed at this year's worlds but I think it'll be good for the scene like a wake up call. Hopefully once it happens the teams and the organisations will start to get their act together and begin taking the game more seriously as it's quite evident some teams haven't in the past.   When we get humbled at this year's Worlds I think EU will start to knuckle down and get their act together and hopefully come back stronger next year. It's all about next year for us boys. As the EU scene is in bad shape due to several huge factors like the lazy attitude of the teams, the lack of a meaningful infrastructure to most of the teams, top teams being sabotaged and just teams not taking their craft seriously enough.
0	Agreed. Single full time dad here. MY house is trashed no matter how much I clean.
1	you used the word "fanboy" and you also said "whats the big deal about dyrus" insulting his fans (not fan boys) and saying you dont know why is popular.
1	Always jungling with one champion isn't the best idea. Having a big repertoire of junglers you can play lets you pick one that fits into your team comp/counters the opposing team comp nicely.   For example, Shy is a good pick when you have lanes with good CC. Say Ryze mid, Vayne + Ali bot and WW top (a bit of an overkill but you get the idea). Or the opposition has a jungler that is slow or easily counterjungled, say Amumu, Alistar, WW, Hecarim, Jarv, Fiddles, Shen... Even if you always run exhaust you'll have more success with a team full of CC than the opposite and she'll always be better against slower junglers as opposed to quicker ones (where it generally just becomes a race of who can clear more, get away with it and ganks right lanes).   Another example is Nocturne, who shines the most in a team that already has a tanky bruiser so he doesn't have to necessarily build full tank. On the other hand he sort of counters the enemy teleport ultimates (Shen, TF, Panth). Sort of because the nerfed range is really small these days.   You should never pick a support jungler in a team comp of low damage or non-bursty champions. You can't really pick Mao if you have a Malphite top and say a Vlad mid, as it's not optimal and you might fail badly. On the other hand he's amazing with bursty champs and against AoE team comps.
0	Because when it is all said and done it's still  her  body. How can a man be ultimately responsible for pregnancy when he is not the one falling pregnant. In my unpopular opinion if men were somehow able to get pregnant, there still would not be any men with unwanted pregnancies simply because men would prevent the pregnancy with contraception or a coat hanger out back.
1	As another colorblind player, I feel your struggles. Though I don't understand why you're being so aggressive about this in the comments. I know it feels like it, but developers aren't purposely pushing us away by doing shit like this, they just don't realize what mistake they're making. The people in charge of Riot's colors are crazy TBH, I mean blue vs purple. Really? Anyways, yeah having the numbers available limits the inconvenience, but it'd still be nice for everyone to see the circle.
1	I get where your coming from, I tried Hots recently and I'm stomping them due to previous experience and i read up a bit on how that game works as it is different from League.   When it comes to your issues due to your previous knowledge you have an edge over other league rookies who for them, this might be their first moba or even first match against other players so its really easy for you to stomp them.   But then comes the cool part of your situation. YOU get to play against people who are better than you. If you make a change of mindset where you say: I have moba experience, but i know less on this game than these smurfs, im gonna learn as much as possible. Even though you have talked with your brother you'll see so many different match ups. The system identified you as a person who isn't a rookie due to your previous experienced which showed in your first matches, and this is the reason why you play against these smurfs.   The sad part is the system doesn't filter bronze - challenger smurfs so you get to taste the whole palette. The good part about it is when you hit 30, you'll hover around 50% winrate since the closer you get to 30 the system will start to match you with players of similar ELO.
1	I'ma give you the rundown that I did on another thread a while back.   First off; Rylai's gives +80 Ability power, +500 HP, and a 35% slow (Only 15% on multi-target damage), and it costs 3105g.   Now then, champions like Katarina and Akali (the two I see Rylais with the most) are both snowball heroes. They have to get kills early and itemize effectively to properly snowball and scale into lategame.   Buying Rylai's as a 2nd item is not cost-efficient, especially on new Kat, because you pay 3105g for only +80 damage. Your whole objective is to do damage. The slow is almost unnoticeable on 3/4 of Kat's abilities (AoE).   Now Abyssal, costs 2650g offers +70 damage. You spend less money on equal damage because +70 damage + the passive. Another item is Zhonya's, which gives +100 damage. You get +20 more damage and a ridiculously strong passive for LESS gold.   Honestly, the best Kat build (I've found so far) would be Gunblade > Rabadon's > GA > Abyssal > Void Staff with Sorc Shoes sometime early on. You get tankiness, and the passive proc from GA, both of which you need because you're melee with most of your damage coming from melee range spells.   I know scarra goes Gunblade > Abyssal almost every game, but it's really a matter of opinion.
0	Good management would be able to see if people were abusing the "left out food rule".  Good management would realize working at a steak and shake isn't most people's "dream job".  They'd also understand that a little free snack that was getting thrown out any way would be a decent treat for the employees.   Now if the manager began to notice more "mistakes" being made and employees were getting a 3 course meal in the matter of a few hours then the manager could put an end to the "snack on old food rule".  Also on a side note Fuck you Andy!!
0	This. I never understood why people go to the bank and get paid with hundos, then come to walmart/McDonald's/taco bell and expect them to break down your paycheck. Where the fuck do you think their change comes from? It comes from the bank. Maybe even the same bank you got your monies from.   I even had a manager one time at McDonald's tell me about a time when he went to Wendy's when they first opened up and paid with a Benjamin. When they refused it because they didn't have the change, he bitched at a manager because "I know you can just open the safe..." and blah blah. Totally called him out on his stupidity, finally changed his POV.   Yea, maybe they have change in the safe. But places like McDonald's and Taco Bell don't keep 20's, some don't even keep 10's.  They deposit them all, usually after closing the night before. So now they have to give you change in 10's or 5's. This take time away from preparing your order, taking care of other customers, or even doing side work that they have to do. And they may potentially run out of 10's or 5's, depending on how often this happens in a day.   I've been on both sides of the drive thru. Don't give me a pissed off look when I don't take your 100, and don't complain when I give you a pissed off look when I'm required to and have to find an already grumpy manager to break it for you.
1	Unlike the MLB however, the big money to be made in esports is in winning major competitions like worlds. The cash award paid out to teams in pro sports is basically nothing compared to their salaries, whereas its the opposite in esports.   You even said yourself that only all "active players" get the same share, how in the name of god was a sub like colalin (a platinum quality girl gamer who is just on the team for publicity) an active player? She played in exactly one match the entire season and they got destroyed.
1	He's not a trollpick, he's very uncommon and people get mad when you don't follow the meta.   However as Rule 11 says on the tribunal [FAQ](   Can I be banned for not playing the meta?   Players are not banned by the Tribunal for not playing the meta; they are banned for consistently creating negative experiences for others. We have data suggesting that reviewers of Tribunal cases are very thoughtful and accurate in their verdicts, so if you were reported for not playing the meta but were being a positive player, you can expect to be judged fairly. In general, players should feel empowered to play what they want and to try new strategies; however, this does not give you a license to be disrespectful or rude to your fellow gamers.
1	This deserve to be seen, i don't understand polish, but just your
1	Don't become meaner! My boyfriend also got me into LoL and the best lost game I ever had was when we had a 4-man group with a random Taric - we were doing bad and losing terribly but that Taric was always super encouraging and supportive, sometimes he'd comment stupid deaths with "x_x careful!", "oh no don't go mid". We were all on skype and even though everyone was frustrated how the game was going, we agreed that Taric was making everything better, because he wasn't raging and never gave up.
0	You can get up at 8am and make it to your 8am class? That's impressive. Even living on campus it took me a minimum of 10 minutes to get to any building. And if I didn't want to look like a bum, I needed to at least put on clothes but preferably take a shower. If I really wanted to look good during my next 4 hours of classes I had to put on some make up and dry my hair.
1	i dont think riot should ever do something like this compendium for worlds. they already collect some monex for esports through summoner icons so something like that exists.   overloading the prize pool just is stupid, putting more money into amateur series, maybe local tournaments etc. is a lot better since this will keep the scene alive long term, a few teams getting more monex most likely wont help at all(sure maybe some acedemy teams but that isnt that huge). There are quite some problems in the challenger scene already, having the resources to have teams play offline would remove some problems like ddos. also just some financial security to challenger teams will help to make sure talented teams wont disband just because they have issues there.
1	I don't think its particularly necessary for either Viegar or Sion to get a tooltip for it. Nasus's Q is invisible power to his opponent if he doesnt have the buff icon. If Viegar has 200 AP, that means his opponent can see he has 200 AP. Does it particularly matter to his opponent where the AP came from? Copy/Paste that explanation for Sion but with Health.   Nasus, on the other hand, may have 300 CS, but 0 of it could have come from his Q or 100% could. To the opponent, that means he has anywhere from +0 to +900 damage.
0	Professional appointments, job, and classes (25 y/o professional student) I manage to squeak by on time.  Just about everything else is up in they air and I view them as all having a thirty minute leeway for being late.   My rationale is that there aren't many social obligations where being on time matters unless plans are time contingent (eg, movie, going on a trip). Also, the people/groups that normally stress making it to something on time never offer repercussions for tardiness, everything always just continues as planned. Really stopped giving it much importance after I realized authority figures kind of just throw the word "mandatory" around for anything they want without much meaning behind it.   As for my few friends that are really anal about time, yeah it bugs them but it also allows for some balancing for both of us: I'm around to make sure they don't become anymore of a tight-ass and they keep me from becoming an even more irresponsible dick.   Balance.
0	How The States Got Their Shapes?
1	If you are in silver 5, but playing agaainst bronze 5's.... You got carried to silver(feel lucky). It means your mmr is so low you should be bronze 4-5. Also its not smurfs making you lose, its you and your team... People don't waste their time smurfing in bronze, in fact unless that player deserves bronze, the smurf will end up silver+ like their other accts from placements.
0	Guys when they start approaching women have to realise two things and once they get that in their head, they will be fine for the rest of their lives:   When you pick mint and chocolate ice cream over vanilla ice cream. The vanilla ice cream is not butt hurt about it.   Not everyone is buying what you are selling, but if you don't sell it, no one can buy it.   Here comes the explanation:   When someone picks mint ice cream, this doesn't make vanilla ice cream taste any worse than it did previously, it doesn't make vanilla ice cream any less valuable and doesn't make it's existence pointless. Vanilla ice cream doesn't keep thinking about it afterwards.   Same goes with women, when a woman says i'm not interested. This does not lower your value as a person. You should have confidence to know you are worth it, if that particular person isn't interested, just think well seems I wasn't the flavor she likes and move on. It shouldn't cause you pain because it didn't "remove" anything from you and doesn't invalidate you in any way.   For the second principle, it comes from the psychology of sales. Essentially, if you do not try to sell your product, your chances of selling it is 0% (unless faith has someone come along and make you an offer you can't refuse). Any attempt on your part to sell a product nets you the same chance as if you are not + a little something based on your experience and unique product offering.
0	I understand babies, but I think there are some exceptions to toddlers. It depends how you raised them. My youngest sister watched horror movies from the time she was two. She never made a scene in movie theaters or misbehaved.   We always explained how they created the scenes before and she knew they were fake. By the time she was four and five, she could watch horror movies with no problem and she was a huge fan.   Compared to my other cousins, she never had nightmares. When our entire family rented a movie to watch on a weekend, she was the only young one to watch it.   She grew up watching all the Resident Evil movies and her favorite was Silent Hill (she loved the little girl apparently), which she watched constantly. The only thing we watched out for were sexual scenes.
1	hehe, well I must admit, I don't.   I might get a lot of hate from fellow Armenians, but the Armenian genocide that happened in 1915 by the Ottoman Empire was not committed by the living Turks today, so why should I hate people that haven't committed any crimes.   I hate their government (current and past), that's for sure. But never the people. In the end, I just sit and think, if I was a Ottoman empire soldier, and I was given the order to commit a genocide against the Armenians, would I have gone against my orders and become a traitor, no, I don't think so.   Things have a complete different perspective from each side you look at this or any subject.   Also I blame my nation, the Armenians, although very smart and hardworking people, haven't seen this coming. Happened more than once in the Armenian history which is really ancient. If only the Armenians spent a bit more time and money to build a strong army instead of a thousand amazing churches, perhaps the Armenian lands wouldn't have been occupied by the turks today, and perhaps the genocide would have never happened. but oh well.
1	I hate you, pilo :I   Because of you I had to deal with an AP Tryn who stole top from our top lane, forcing our top Jayce to go mid, while my original intentions were to go mid; in the end forcing me to support.   Not to mention he went AP Tryn against Darius, without telling us about his little build.   He only did this build because he read this thread
1	this is why i think they should implement a "reset ranked" option. i know that this feature alone will not eliminate the problem, because everyone will just reset their ranked stats over and over and "elo hell" will be in the placement matches, but if you limit the amount of resets similar to the amount of rerolls in aram you could control that.   what i mean by that:   imagine (i know this example is far stretched for about 105% of the lol community ;) ) you are in bronze league. not bronze 5 but lets say bronze 3. you manage to pull yourself to bronze one, because you have the potential to be in silver, but in your promotion series you get a team of trolls and hit a downwards spiral and end up in bronze 4. you carry yourself back to bronze 2, but after all those games the system thinks you are in the elo you deserve. it gets harder and harder to pull yourself back into bronze one and even harder to leave bronze. (the same is obviously true for all other leagues too).   now imagine, after that downward spiral back to bronze 4 you could reset your stats and start in placement. perhaps you have improved enough in the time trying to be placed in silver, perhaps you start back in bronze 3 and have to try and climb again.   i know a lot of ppl will rage about this and downvote because they think this would be the easy way out, but i don't think it is. i think it is just a way for people that think they improved enough to be placed in another league to try it.   also i think you should limit the tries to one try per 50? ranked games? that way you cannot just play placement until you get into the league you want by "accident".   i would really like to hear your oppinion on this. but please, if you want to share your thoughts on this topic, please do so without flaming etc.   for everyone who is interested: i am currently bronze 3, and the example i used actually happened to me. i do NOT write this idea because i want an easy way out but because i saw a similar feature in starcraft and really liked the idea.
1	IMO the community has gotten better since chat bans. i have improved myself as well.  You have 3 options in leauge. 1 rage back against the retard flamer who lives a sad life (fact) 2 mute the rager and enjoy yourself 3 be a rager   Now i used to pick number 1, but now i pick number 2   Secondly if you're genuinely making it hard for your team to win you will tend to get flamed more often than a good player. For example i never get flamed if i'm carrying. lol.
0	I tell you what grinds my gears.  Any stories that are based on lists.  Like "Top 10 Anything" but the author of the stories refuses to use numbers or bullet points.  Because they think their story is so god damn special they don't want people skipping through just reading the highlights.  They're forcing you to read the whole damn thing and you have to discern for yourself what the top ten points actually were.   Well screw you.  Number it or use bullet points or it's
1	Hey greg, I love your videos. But I'm confused on the part about duo queue.  When I hear someone mention that they're duo queue I think they are ADC and support, this is the only time I even mention that I am in duo queue, because I can communicate with my lane partner without typing. Are you criticizing people doing this? Or do duo queues Try to snag solo lanes based on the fact that they're in a skype call?
0	When someone brings their race into an argument it is referred to as "playing the Race Card." This phrase is used much more often in cases when referring to an argument in which race has little to nothing to do with the argument. The person who "plays" the card is banking on the opponent to back out out of fear of being seen as racist. Saying something along the lines of "Put it back in the deck" implies you know exactly what they are doing, so that shitty wildcard won't work here.
0	It something that you risk, but is healthier for you, him, and if it survives, the friendship.   You know I'm sure I don't have to tell you that you are in no way obligated to date him if you don't  want to. To suggest otherwise would be insane.   Something I think gets lost in the conversation is that no matter how you do it, whether it by letting him down soft (and us guys aren't much for subtlety, so he might not get it, making this mostly a bad option), or by being honest and blunt, you are rejecting him. You are saying that he is fine / good / great as a friend, but that he is lacking as a romantic / sexual partner. He isn't good enough for you, for whatever reason.   Now let me make something clear: That's fine. Like I said, you are not obligated to date anyone you don't want to. But your rejection is going to hurt him. AND him staying friends with you may hurt him psychologically, as you may remind him of that rejection. So let me make something else clear, as much as you aren't obligated to date him, he is not obligated to stay your friend afterwards. You are not entitled to his friendship. Not sticking around doesn't make him weak or immature, it just makes him human.
0	While I cannot comment on accuracy of your guess, as my evidence is purely anecdotal, I disagree. I am pro-life, but I believe it is an individual's right to choose what they do with their own body.   My girlfriend and I became pregnant with our first child three months into dating and half-way through college: we conceived literally the first and only time we did not use protection. We had no income, no house/apartment, and were amassing student debt. At the time, I was living off of my savings from having worked two jobs prior, and had an older car that I had purchased in high-school; suffice it to say that my savings were not enough for us to live off of. The only thing that we had in our favor was that we had discussed, prior to having sex, that we would not consider abortion an option - although I did tell her that I would support her decision (in the event she had a last minute change of heart). Today, we've been happily married for two years; our daughter is turning three soon. We also have a son who will be turning one. He decided to join us to show that appropriate use of condoms (no rips) and the pill (Erinn?) could still be beaten with some luck. My wife wanted me to add that she thinks the pill was influenced by some medication she took around the time of conception (despite the doctor assuring us it wouldn't). Our families have been extremely supportive, and we're doing well.   Of the two other women I know who were pro-life and became pregnant:   K was in her freshman year of college when she became pregnant; she was in a worse financial situation than we were (and with a bastard of an ex-bf who curtly informed her he didn't want anything to do with K or the baby). Without any real support, she had an abortion (claims that it came out as a soupy mess while she was in the tub). As a Catholic, it really hit her hard. Two years later, she ended up getting pregnant by her now-husband; her prior experience resulted in them keeping the baby. They're doing well and have two children.   M is also Catholic and is currently pregnant; she's a recovering addict with mental health issues who has been plagued by abusive boyfriends. Realistically, she cannot care for her child in any way/shape/form, and it's likely that without the support of her current boyfriend, the child would be put in protective services/adopted out. She's had a couple of late-term miscarriages and is intent on cleaning up her act (and relationships) to be a good mother. She's currently in the hospital undergoing voluntary rehab to ween herself off of her prescription medication (for mental health issues); the boyfriend is a recovered addict who has been sober for over a decade (and is fiercely anti-drug). He isn't financially stable, but seems emotionally ready as he's a widower (prior wife/child died in labor). As my wife is her best friend, she's trying to keep her emotionally stable; we hope it works out for them.   As I said earlier, these three examples are purely anecdotal: I listed them only to demonstrate that it is possible to be pro-life in a hard situation. I'm positive that I know women who have had abortions but have kept it a personal matter. In the end, I fully understand how  aggravating it is to watch people force their views upon others - especially when it contradicts that person's freedoms.
0	But there weren't widespread hunan rights violations in Iraq. By invading, we made the average Iraqi's life worse. We also created a war which resulted in hundreds of thousands of civilian deaths.   In Syria? Their government was actively killing their people with chemical weapons. Global intervention would have only helped.
1	Late-game is one area where it gets a bit murky. Some supports such as Thresh and Blitz can become even more of a threat later in the game when a single good grab can decide the fate of baron or an inhibitor turret.   Other supports like Taric/Soraka trade viability throughout the game for a simpler laning phase. This is not to say that they become useless, but they do provide less of an impact after a particular point in the game. Their biggest advantage after 40 minutes is that they will always have room for wards...   People do tend to undervalue the role of the support in this game, but then it always seems to be followed by people  overvaluing  it shortly after :P
1	Even though I strongly dislike this, I like this. I used to main champs like Zac / Naut / J4 myself uintill they got nerfed, and I've simply fallen off a lot as a jungler in the new meta. I've always played Lee, but 1 decent jungler is not a good enough champion pool to be a great jungler (I have tried, and do every now and then play the other top tier junglers, and often win, but I just do not enjoy them as much). Anyways, I like the way they constantly change the game, regardless if it's buffs / nerfs. When my previous mains got nerfed, I had to alter into a new playstyle, which did not benefit me that much, but I still enjoyed it, it still made the game differ and not be as boring. As they nerf theese top tier junglers, other junglers will get to shine, and might get buffed. If  someone like Skarner will become strong and be a legit pick, a lot of the current meta will change, you wount have the high damage game changing jungler anymore, but again the supportive high CC jungler, which will be dependant on more damage in lanes, and will alow such things as squishy top laners (for example).
0	School should teach the lessons the state or whatever board is in charge decides need be taught.   People bitch and whine because public schools didn't teach them how to rent a car or safe sex. School is supposed to get you prepared for knowledge your parents aren't necessarily able to teach you.   Unless your parent is an Engineer, there's a good chance that they aren't going to breeze through teaching you advanced Mathematics. That doesn't mean that your parent can't teach you proper money management.
1	Psychology is a real thing in competition that's why nearly all professionals trash talk, they say that during the Bulls championship reign with Michael Jordan that him and Scotty Pippen were the two best defenders at that time, their coach gave Michael the edge because he was so verbally offensive to players, it's rumored he said mugsy bogg during a game winning shot "shoot it you fuckin' midget" and didn't even guard him, mugsy cites this as the downfall of his career he never came back after that...famed point guard destroyed from a single comment, it's all psychology
0	Guy's seriously, Gman is asserting no opinion of his own. He is just stating factually that legally speaking spousal rape is often not considered rape. If anything is is providing examples for Kallebumvist's claim. I'm glad none of you are police officers, holster them downvotes.   Now you may feel free to downvote  me  for playing a bit of devils advocate on Akin's side as well here.   The fact is many people still do not consider spousal rape to be rape. Many would argue that the vows made include access to sex when wanted. The real reason why were are so upset with Akins claim is it reminds us of this. Rape is a sore subject (no pun intended).   The funny thing is even Akin's initial claim might have even been valid if his chauvinistic opinions weren't seeping out. He is right that pregnancy from rape is statistically uncommon, and from the black and white cases even more so. Cases where it's from someone already involved in sexual intercourse make up the majority. From some of these it's impossible to tell if pregnancy even arose from the rape or from prior (or in some cases following) sexual relations. Furthermore false rape claims are indeed a problem these days.   One of the biggest problems is not only is it extremely difficult to verify rape claims but people are quick to pick a side as demonstrated by our quick downvotes of GMan129. They don't even want to hear the evidence, they don't want to dig, they want to move on and burry it. This means rape claims are almost guaranteed to end poorly for not only the rapist but the victim as well. Often in order to verify her claims she needs to be violated again. So often we take her side quickly to spare her further rape. But this action also opens up chances for false rape claims. Any protection against false rape claims can lead to further punishment of victims.   In my opinion rapes (and all other sex crimes) should be as private as possible.
0	Because he's entitled to better treatment than the others.
1	You just said good and bad players play Champion A. So the second factor is dead even. 1/1.   This is a false assumption. You're assuming equal numbers of good and bad players play Champion A, which is not something you can assume, especially given that most of the playerbase is not what you would call "good". Particularly on higher skillfloor champions like Zed.   The second problem is that certain champions (like Zed) have higher skillcaps to go with their higher skillfloor (aka learning curve), so really pro players can do amazing things with them. Cool, so far, so good. However, the bad players see the good players doing awesome things and think they can do that as well. Then they lose.   So a champion can be really good and still garner lower winrates because said champion is only good in the hands of someone with skill, and there are vastly more people without skill than people with skill.   For a clear math example, let's break from reality for a second here and say that I'm Diamond 1 and thus considered a "good" player. For every diamond player there are at least 10 bronze-silver noobs who will play the same champion, particularly if said champion is considered "OP" because their kit is strong. So unless I'm playing the same number of games as 10 bronze/silver noobs (which would probably necessitate playing nearly 10 times the amount of games I would normally), odds are good that the bronze/silver noobs will bring the winrate of that champion down.   And that's assuming I win every game, which I most likely won't.
1	The important thing to notice when playing ranked is that you can just completely ignore divisions and LP, and then you are left with the old elo system. Match-making is completely based on MMR and has nothing to do with your division. You will be placed with people the same MMR as you and therefore, the same skill level (no matter what divisions the individuals are in). If you can keep a specific MMR, your division will line up with that rating over a period of games.
1	Never piss off Volibear : so playing a blind pick against another Volibear and dominated top, my team then proceeded to tell me not to carry, so while we did baron a wild Fiddlesticks appeared, suddenly an ult went down so I turn the fuck right around right as we get baron and fling that fiddlesticks into my team, my passive proves and I successfully walk away securing their Fiddle a quadra.
0	Have a second child if you want one, but don't have one to create a live in playmate for your first child. It doesn't work that way. Siblings fight. They fight a lot, over stupid shit that matters to no one else but them. In all likelihood they won't become friends until they're adults. Also consider that if your kid is 3 now and you guys begin a pregnancy immediately they will be 4 years apart. Add to that your hesitancy and the fact that we can't always conceive immediately and you're looking at more like 5 years apart in age. So one is at school all day while the other is at home. Older kid makes friends at school her own age and wants to play with them. Little one is jealous. Years later the little one is finally is old enough to attend school but now his/her big sister is in 5th grade and asking why she can't wear make-up 'cause all her friends do... Face it, they're not gonna be playmates.
1	To The Young Turks: don't bring in people who know nothing about League of Legends or ESports to provide a discussion. Both reporters stated that they know nothing about the game, yet they continued to have this conversation. The worst part was when the guy near the end of the video said "this shit looks like zelda, we did this when we were 7." This is what Monte means by the reporters being ignorant and incapable of providing a discussion. This guy knows nothing about the game but he says it's something he doesn't like. Imagine Doublelift and Krepo trying to explain football and the NFL and NCAA and then calling it a dumb sport, when they probably know nothing about it at all. That's like saying Harry Potter is a bad read because it looks like a bunch of fantasy crap about magic, but the person never picked up the book in their life. Then he reads the book and to find out that it is a great read. Or he finishes the book and says "ok, i didn't like this book it doesn't appeal to me."
0	The sleep solution is fantastic, years ago when I couldn't figure out how to code some system I gave up and went to sleep. Woke up at like 3 in the morning with the solution and it fucking worked. Haha saved my ass in undergrad.
1	I almost got my first penta on Miss Fortune the other day. Perfectly placed my ult with our rammus initiating under their inhib turret, double off the ult, double up for 2 more kills, the my support Nami flash ulted their Cho'Gath for the kill....I wanted to rage at her but as she was sitting right beside me IRL and is my girlfriend to boot I couldn't really do anything :\
1	The thing is, while CLG certainly were worse than other teams, they are not good at OUTPLAYING their opponents.  You pit any of the other players or lanes 1v1 and they are pretty low.  Chauster and Doublelift is the only great lane they have.  That's why they rely on theorycrafting and outstrategizing.  They need to play to their strengths, and there strength are few and far between.  To a solid standard team, there is no need to rely on such little inequalities.  To a team like CLG they mean everything.  Two major things decide the outcome of a game - teamfights and pressure (lane dominance.)  CLG sucks at teamfighting, plain and simple.  They cant dominate their lanes 1v1.  What does that leave?  They have to play differently, (cheesy) to try apply pressure that way.  Their cheesy strats revolve around the game and its quirks, not their own play.   What I mean to say is, CLG is so focused on the ins and outs of the game, rather than their own play, that is what is different about them. There is no dispute they were not the better team, and it was entirely their fault not preparing for all contingencies.  But it IS a valid excuse, especially if you read Chauster's AMA and see that he put so much (borderline obssessive) attention to the advantage blue side has bot lane.  It's not like he came up with some random excuse about blue/red and decided to run with it.  He's always had a hard-on for this.
0	No, neither one is good nor bad.  When you invest, you are purchasing.  You are buying a possibility.  For the first case, the value(in the mind of the investor) of that possibility to anyone who makes the investment is greater than what they pay (the ten dollars). [this is also affected by the possibility of each possible future happening]   The second case is exactly the same.  A person makes a purchase of a possibility that they are going to make money.  The difference being that in our example the ROI in the banker case is money not a good(the finish product)   The investor in both cases must make a choice.{for simplicity i am going to leave out some variables such as inherent cost as well as some of the more complicated parts of the math assuming a variety of possible futures}  Does the purchase that i am making follow this equation PP<FV*PF?  If the initial purchase price(the invested amount) is less than the subjective future value times the probability that that future occurs, than the investor should make the purchase.   The only thing that could be said about either case of investment is not that one is good or bad, but it is possible that one is foolish.  But anyone who makes any investment should evaluate the value of the return, and decide whether it is likely to happen.  What one might also say, is that the banker example has individuals more attune to the calculations that i have barely discussed, so by using kickstarter people are taking advantage of altruism.   However i want to make it clear, if someone wants to claim that kickstarter takes advantage of altruism over good business sense, then I see no reason why that couldn't be true for more than just movies.   This was a long response, and i think the
0	This is how my parents did it.   Apparently me cleaning up was my biggest issue as a kid. One day when I was about 3-4 my parents told me to clean my room. I told them no and they said if I didn't, they would sell all of my toys at a yard sale to which I replied I didn't care.   That weekend they made me sell all of my toys. They made me run it, take the money, and give change (obviously with their help). I never again doubted their threats. When I was 14 I had gone to a friends sleepover and the only request was that I clean my room before I go, I of course didn't. The next morning I got a call from my dad saying my mom was going to my room in 15 minutes with trash bags and hung up. I never ran home more quickly in my life.
0	Great reply! Now my posts may have come off a little different, too. I actually agree with your post in many ways. My main argument is against pumping people full of meds just because they are uninterested in something. I agree that how you were raised and technology affect your interests and attention span. I also believe that it isn't a bad thing to not enjoy reading Shakespeare or to prefer a movie over a book. In any real or simulated society, interests will always change in the long run. With the invention of the internet, attention spans were bound to change. I'm just arguing that it isn't a bad thing, it's just how life works. Why must we behave the same way as a species for hundreds of years? Why is it wrong to be different?   Hope that makes sense!   PS: you have no idea how refreshing it is to read an intelligent counter-argument on the internet that isn't full of personal attacks and rudeness. Even relies to my post are that way. I applaud you.
0	I saw a guy next to his car which had broken down, banking up traffic. I was about 5 cars back in the queue and as it was a two lane road, there was no way to go around, except into heavy oncoming traffic.   Nobody else got out of their car to help. When I returned to my car, the people behind my car started shouting abuse at me for leaving my car cause they had to wait for me to return.
0	You really have no idea what is going on in the US, do you?   In short form:  about 4 years ago a law called the ACA (affordable care act) was passed, it was later ruled constitutional by the Supreme Court, and hence is a valid law.  It requires all people in the US to buy insurance or face a penalty from the government.  The law will be coming into full effect on Jan 1st 2014 for individuals, right now congress, specifically the House of Representatives is attempting to add a delay to it (they originally tried to add a complete repeal of the law) as a rider to the budget they are passing.  The Senate refuses to pass the budget as a result of this, which has caused the previous budget to lapse without a replacement, causing all non essential federal programs to shut down until a budget is passed.   This has NOTHING to do with the debt ceiling, which is tackled separately.
1	I'm having so much fun playing LoL right now and trying to reach level 30   So youre not even level 30 yet and youre already doing PSA's trying to demand us to do things in the game. Since when do people who have played for a week have priority over someone like me whose played for 4 years?
0	Because "education" has become a self-serving industry driven by the standards of people who never left academia. Of course they think these things are great career choices; they don't have a clue what people in the labor market want.   On top of that, now that everyone thinks they have to go to college, banks and governments have created programs that allow anyone access to cheap (ish) loans or free money. This, in turn, causes the cost of education to inflate. A good parallel would be the housing bubble. The problem was that anyone could get a loan without any evidence they could ever pay it back. What happens when people can get $1mil loan with no down payment or proof of income? Housing goes to insanely inflated prices that make no sense, the bubble finally bursts, everyone in these programs loses their house. Eventually the "education bubble" in the US is going to have to burst, but until it does, we are going to continue to see rising tuition prices, bigger student loans, more people making their money entirely from academia, and bigger regrets from the people who made bad choices based on bad data given to them by people who are "more knowledgeable".   Plus, we are going to see continued vilification of laborers. Fast food workers, farm hands, welders, construction workers, all of them are going to get an even worse image than they already have. Then, unemployment will be even worse, because people won't want to take jobs that they "went to college to avoid". It is no wonder teens (in my area at least) avoid trades like the plague. In high school we were told that we need to get in to a "good college", which meant expensive college. When my wife told her English teacher what school she wanted to go to, the teacher said, "You know you can get in to a legitimate school, right?" Yes. Never mind that this particular university has one of the top programs in the nation for her major. Let's go to one with a more "prestigious" name that has 4x the tuition cost plus higher cost of living.   Wow. That turned into a rant. Sorry.
1	Are you kidding me? Fearless is absolutely right. If someone is spectating me I could be the ADC focusing on farm and because of my OWN unskilled map awareness I get ganked by a Kha'zix I should've seen on the minimap but luckily coach is there to warn me "stay back he's coming bot or he's in the area", that right there just screwed that Kha over, so what if he walked through a ward? You're the one who neglected to abuse that information and he deserves the free kill on you so you learn your lesson?   Or what if he tells you information you wouldn't otherwise know for being ignorant? Such as when to expect a typical gank or when the enemy jungle is most likely at a section of the map. Its just the little things amateurs don't know and would need to learn that someone coaching in real time could essentially just take the role as their map watcher or something silly. Riot added buff timers because they didn't like some players having an advantage others may not know of/be unable to use themselves, making the game unfair.
0	This. Exactly this. I'm a black belt in Karate, and I was bullied in England (i was bullied because I am Mexican) anyways, over in England i could fight back with no repercussion so I kicked the shit out of 3 people who thought they could just physically harm me, I couldn't give a fuck about their words but once they tried to punch me they were done for. One of them was choked out, the other kneed and kicked in the head repeatedly, the third one was tossed around and hit in the sternum several times. I did not start any of those fights.   After I came back to Mexico I got moved up a year and the people there bullied me, I couldn't say anything in class without being humiliated, I told everyone, noone did shit ( this wasn't a public school either, it was a pretty damn expensive school.) What made me angry was that i couldn't defend myself because if I said something back to them they would get aggressive and I couldn't fight back because I wanted to get into a good highschool and a good college. I was bullied for one year, without being able to fight back because I didn't want to get suspended. The kids were one year older than me and bigger but they would stand 0 chance against me if we got into a fight, I however had to bottle it all up and battle through the bullying, my parents divorcing, me getting moved up a year (which was so fucking gay because I had childhood friends in the other class and everyone was kind and all) and I also had to deal with the feelings I felt when I thought about my English friends and my inability to see them.   Fuck the school systems in Mexico, they are fucking retarded. I wanted to beat the living shit out of the bullies but I was powerless because noone would do fucking shit and I couldn't defend myself.   The good part is that the guy who bullied me didn't get his good conduct certificate, which made him enter his highschool  whilst being underwatch and if he did anything wrong he'd get expelled... motherfucker got expelled. When I was told he was expelled I was so fucking happy that day.
1	actually Wind Wall is recognized to have very little counterplay even outside of 'bronzodia'. I suggest that unless you're actually going to contribute to the discussion of a well thought-out, well worded, and broadly researched discussion, i suggest you 'go play the game and stop posting here lol'
0	This is an extremely uneducated way to look at things. For one, until recently, obesity was seen as a sign of malnutrition as opposed to over nutrition. America also had an obesity epidemic during The Great Depression. People sure as hell weren't fat from eating too much. They were eating little, and what they were eating was not the right, nutritious food.   The problem nowadays is that grains, sugars, and processed foods are so cheap and easy to make that people gravitated to them over the past few decades over making REAL food with meats and vegetables.   To go back to the Depression example, the places where obesity is greatest is with the poor. You think poor people are eating too much food? No, they don't have access to the proper food their body needs. Also, when you get obese, it's harder to simply "eat less" because your body needs more energy. As the saying goes, "You're not fat because you're hungry, you're hungry because you're fat." It's hard to restrict caloric intake when your brain is constantly telling you you're hungry.
0	This reminds me of a pretty funny story. My grandma has been a hairdresser for over 40 years and owns a hair salon. She normally does all of my haircuts for me, or has someone who works at her salon do them. I was spending some time with her one day and for whatever reason (i forget) she wanted me to get a haircut. The salon she owns was being remodeled so she took me to an Aveda hair salon.   While having my hair cut my grandma made a simple polite comment about something she wanted done with my hair. (something along the lines of "could you shorten 'this' up a little bit) This immediately set the hair stylist off into bitch mode. The stylist said it would look horrible if she did what my grandma had said. The stylist went on an arrogant tangent about how she was the "trained professional" and that my grandma should trust her "better judgement".   That was the first time I had ever heard my sweet old grandma swear. She called the stylist a bitch, very loudly in front of about 20 people in the Salon. My grandma then proceeded to let the stylist know about every mistake she made and that my grandma was a hairdresser for 40 years and owned a salon for 30+ years.   We ended up walking out without paying as a manager apologized about the stylist's behavior.
0	You practice but don't play in games. So if you were there to e a line backer and weren't as big as they needed you to be you could red shirt and lift while practicing with the team so when you did play you could be an asset. But you only get one year for red shirting. So you have to choose whether you will and when. There is also medical red shirting which is just what it sounds like if you have a medical reason you can appeal for an additional redshirt year because you are only eligible for 4 years + 1 redshirt year.       Then there is grey shirting where you aren't technically a full time student to get past the eligibility restrictions. You take 1- the amount to be full time and you get a free year to train with the team! Usually happens at the junior college level.
1	Kassadin is fine... dude... I just played a game of Kassadin top and Kassadin mid and I did fine. I got camped a lot which was suspected during the top game since 0 escapes pre-6 but I survived and ended up with more farm then my opposing top lane member and while I will say I didn't hard carry, me getting focused from the mid laner and the jungler and the top laner wasting rumble ult just to clear the waves against me. It allowed my other 2 lanes to carry really hard.
1	hi. im former backdoor yi main and former splitpush shaco main   ill outline the weaknesses of each comp and how to take advantages of them.  this is from like 500 games of personal experience.     ORACLES  if they are splitpushing, they probably have a ward in your jungle to spot ganks.  if you clean your jungle with pinks/oracles then they will be very vulnerable to ganks and generally free kills.  if they are not warding then they are free kills anyway.     death timers  understanding death timers is the key to stopping splitpush.  Splitpushing and dying is very forgiving before 30:00 because you are so deep into their side of the map that they will take too long to come back to your side of the map and you will respawn by then anyway.  So you have to hold until 30 minutes losing as little as possible. After 35:00 or so, splitpushing is extremely dangerous.  a single death will lead to baron or an inhibitor.     they suck at team fights and against cc  splitpushers like master yi, shaco, zed, fiora, nidalee all generally suck in teamfights.  even if they are fed, they are easily shut down by cc and exhaust.  so keep a cc bot like rammus or maokai or nautilus nearby to make sure they don't do too much.     they can't dive if they aren;t fed  if they are not fed, then cs at tower and wait for death timers to go up.     they want to 1v1 if they are fed   if they are fed then expect dives and have someone like kassadin or jayce or something to clean them up when they are low.
1	Didn't they lose 6 games in a row? Just because you're close for some of the games doesn't mean that you're not a lot weaker than that team. I  love  Arkansas razorbacks football. 2 years (i think) we lost to Alabama and LSU by a field goal that we missed from less than 40 yards. This year we lost to Alabam 52-0. Our team isnt' young and we we're ranked 8. Our quarterback did get injured against UL monroe, but that doesn't make up 49 points.
0	No, it's white-knighting if you defend said person unconditionally.  There's a de facto implication here that the girl is innocent and her father is a monster, e.g. the facts of why this slap occurred aren't even relevant because she has a vagina.   As someone who is routinely in the presence of a daughter who says things for which she deserves to be slapped by her father, I don't leap to conclusions like the rest of reddit.
1	I'd say fnatic and h2k are pretty even in the toplane, can't say much about the jungle since I have no game knowledge regarding the role, mid will be interesting as its Febiven trying to prove himself and Ryu trying to reach and surpass his old self.   The Botlane should be pretty even Hjarnan is a better adc than Steeelback but yellowstar is better than Kasing but nevertheless Kasing is still a top 3 support
1	I just want to say that: I just made a new smurf account so that I could get a new account to try ranked with, without tainting my main.   When I chose the initial skill level, I selected the easiest one because I figured that would match me against the most people.   What I have found is that 7 out of 10 people in my matches (myself included) are all smurfing. People are building double GP10, warding, using shurelya's, randuins and aegis.   I must say that there are a few people that have been absofuckinglutely retarded, but most people that  aren't  smurfing seem to be picking up the game a  lot  faster than I did because of people being helpful for honor points.   That being said, if you're a new player and your teammate explains last-hitting, build advice, and the point that boots are a must-have item, and you do not listen, you are going to be in for a rough time.
0	My dad blames my fianc for me leaving home but he never thought that him physically mentally emotionally abusing me wasn't the case or when my brother kicked my door down and tried to kill me and eh I tried to defend my self it was "it's okay if he hurts you" and my brother tried to call the police on me. I begged my gf before she became my fianc to get me out of there. Her family took me in and treated me like a son and still do. They've shown me so much compassion that it still throws me off. My family never said I love you to each other so when they tell me they love me I'm just confused. Besides my fianc its really hard to say I love you even though I do it like makes me cringe or something I can't explain. Anyway
1	First penta was with Cassie. Team fight against a Malph, Kog, Soraka, Annie and Shaco. My team was Cassie (me), Ashe, Janna, something top AD/tankish..may have been my BF at the time as Sion (it's been awhile, can't quite remember), and Noc jungle. I was coming back from fountain, my team engaged on my signal (I was pretty much dominating that game anyways. Their whole team was there but Shaco (we will get to this ina moment.) I didn't have to use my ult, my team all died pretty much with an Annie ult (this is all in mid btw in between the river bushes). However, They were able to get them down enough and there was enough minions and such for me to kill all 4 of them and I had enough life steal for the about 500 or so health I had left. I was going to head back when I spot shaco via ward, about to pop from river bush to kill me. I slither my way towards him and right as he reaches bush, RAAAAAAAAAAAAAH! Ult to to the face which took 90% of his health. Popped poison on him and fang and "PENTA KILL." My heart was racing the whole time...They surrendered and I was 17-0-12.
1	You're pretty naive if you think Top laners can have the luxury to afford all the wards they need.   Oh, you bought 2 more wards when going back ? Good, now you can't afford that Doran or the 3 potions I have over you and you will lose in a 1v1 situation, you're screwed.  Oh, you want to back and buy some more wards because yours just expired ? Go ahead, however, you won't have any towe when you come back so it's not really useful.   And even if you can afford enough wards to cover some brushes and avoid lane ganks (don't ask me how), the jungler still won't go away, he can still enter the river brush and I lose any vision I have on him, making me unable to know if he's recalling or just waiting,...
1	Great summary. You definitely need a balance between playing and learning (by watching streams) to improve. I got into the game by playing. But after a year or so, I hit a wall in skill level and discovered streams. I watched a ton of them, but enjoyed streams more than playing, and I didn't feel like playing with bad teammates after seeing how it is supposed to be played when nobody does the right thing in games (being at lower ELO than pros of course). So I found myself to be getting really good at #5 and #2, but didn't play enough in between watching streams to apply the knowledge. Over time, though, I have put more of what I learned into practice, but I still need to play more, without stopping the streams. It is very demanding timewise to do both parts and really get good at this game.   The hardest part is that even after learning what you should do after watching streams, your teammates can make it almost impossible to put into effect. For instance, you may learn that a ranged AD carry is supposed to hit a safe target at the start of fights and is intended to wear down the enemy tank and finish off low hp targets. Before learning that, I had the impression that focus fire was so important that I had to hit the same target that the rest of my team was hitting, right off the bat (which of course gets an exposed AD carry killed fast). This is because when I was lower ELO, people at my low ELO emphasized "Just go for their squishies! Focus that shit!" Anyway, the problem is that after watching the stream and learning this, you play a game where your whole team picks AP carries or they all pick bruisers, and you have one pick to fill the role of AD carry, support, etc. (everything else). Not only do they screw you over there, right off the start, but in the game, your tanks don't peel targets away from you like you learned they should and your other carry does no damage, and so you can't do what you learned because it's a whole different game than high ELO. You might not even get to late game because your team feeds, and you can't leave bottom lane as AD carry very easily during the laning phase.   Also, for champions, I would say in addition to having a couple champs really mastered from each role, you should try to specialize more in just one role (know many champs of that role), so that you can play other roles when needed, but that when you have your choice you can really play the best champion for that game (great counterpicks, team synergy, etc.). Whether you prefer jungling or AP mid or you are good at dominating top, make sure you have lots of diversity and flexibility in your options. There are way fewer champions to learn for support, and that's a good role to master when your ELO rises, but at lower ELO just work on being able to carry hard and dictate the game.
0	That's not exactly how goodwill works. They don't hire disabled people to work for them for under minimum wage. It's part of their mission statement to provide employment opportunities for people who may find it difficult to get a job. So they offer programs for severely disabled people where they pick them up from their homes and feed them and basically get them out of the house and give them a purpose for awhile. Do they pay them minimum wage? No. But they do pay them and if they paid them more they would lose their disability from the government which is much more than a minimum wage part time job.
1	You make it sound like it's completely intuitive, but the truth is that the meta has changed over and over since launch, often because something new was discovered.   I remember a year to 1.5 years ago there was this big realization about how important jungling was.  Before you put Amumu or Udyr in the jungle because they supposedly sucked in lane but were useful later, and then people figured out that having two solo lanes was awesome if someone could solo well.  Then everyone realized this and solo top v solo top was born.   Feeding blue to mid was also probably within the past year.  I don't mean letting mid take your blue 15 minutes into the game, I'm talking about the moment your second blue spawns you've got mid going towards it and your jungler starting it.   0 cs support was not done at launch.  Hell the concept of cs wasn't even prevalent until streamers started tracking junglers with cs counts.  If you did 0 cs support probably until the last year you were ridiculed for not having items, instead of praised for feeding gold to your carry.   A lot of this stuff seems obvious now, but someone had to climb that ladder, and if the other monkeys didn't beat him up (or he was a famous streamer), maybe they found a way to get the damn bananas without getting sprayed with water.   Just think back to before Eve was nerfed.  Went from trash tier to permaban within a week because Soraka Bot on EU posted about his jungle path.  I had to tell people that no, I was not trolling with revive/smite, and yes, I am intentionally dying to lizard, game after game.
0	Or drive a long distance. Being someone in their 30's that had gone a while between... occasions... I decided to get back into the game with some edibles (Which I had never done). I had a 2.5 hour drive home one night in the rain on a major highway and it was a clusterfuck. I spent the first hour constantly worrying if I going fast enough. It took me another 30 minutes after that to remember I had cruise control. Then another I needed another 10 to remember how it worked. Also I was constantly telling myself to "Use you mind!! Use your mind!!" No idea what that meant. Finally I was afraid that I would be the guy who ruined legal marijuana for everybody by crashing my car while high.
0	Someone had sex in your car. Just a car man how could that bother you?  It makes out smell like sex, invades your intimate space and associates it with things that are boner killers (your child having sex) AND most people don't have the best cleanliness when it comes to sex.
0	I read a multitude of inappropriate expressions including shit and fuck in work emails every week.   Never do I get attachments with barely clothed females.
0	Or lose your luggage.  My friend was Premiere Gold or whatever with united and every time he came to visit they would lose his luggage along the way.  It always got left at the same airport.  Since it was the last flight of the day in for United the answer was always "It may or may not come in on the 11:30pm flight of another carrier.  We have no way of knowing and we're all going home now so just come back to the airport in the middle of the night and hope it's here."
0	I was late out to buy tickets to a big party/festival and tried to buy one today, I discussed a price with two people. One told me he'd sell them at eight and was at a lower price than the other that didn't give me a set time. Well at eight, he told me he had sold it to his friend. Then I agreed on a price with the other seller and was basically ready to go pick them up, when I got the message that a friend of a friend wanted to buy them. I try to offer more, but I get sent that the other person offers more, and then that she sold them. Now I'm stuck with no tickets, and that means letting down my friends and not blowing lots of money on partying. So today was a double-edged day? I do love me some money though.
0	Tvlicensing UK are a joke. When I was in first year at Uni, I lived in halls and tvlicensing send out a universal letter to every person in halls warning them that they are 'under investigation for watching tv and not having a tv license'. I was one of the many that didn't have a tv and rarely watched live tv so didn't need one. My flatmate had a tv and had a license to watch live tv on it. He got a shit load of letters from them whereas I only got one or two.  I think they're just trying to scare people into buying them even if they don't require them. They're a total joke.
1	In a way it's a win-win for the troll and a lose-lose for you in the case he doesn't get banned. He does this to get people either dodge and make them lose Lp off the spot and end up not getting reported, or play the game with you where he will intentional feed and make you lose more Lp than if you dodged. Since the tribunal is down, his best chance of perma ban is basically in the 2nd screenshot as Riot Lyte mentions they have no tolerance for: racial slurs, homophobic remarks etc. Plus they know that once the game starts you're stuck with then til the end and can't leave without getting punished yourself.
1	The fact that abilities cost mana inherently gives you a cost/reward system. If you're sitting there spamming abilities, and the enemy dodges them, soon enough they will be rewarded for dodging your abilities when you no longer have mana for them. On the other side, if you land your abilities, it was a positive trade - you traded mana and they took damage (presumably you took less or even none, though this is only in the ideal case).
1	As much as it seems bad, not tryharding because of your botlane essentially punished the other 2 innocent players on your team... what a twisted and sensationalized story that totally just leaves out the facet of the other two players on your team.   There's no such thing as not "deserving" to win a game due to attitude. You win or lose based on skill, which is why toxic players can make it up to challenger. Being a "glorious white knight" is nothing to be proud of, especially if you feel the need to brag about it on reddit.
0	Because some people like to believe that if they tear down another group, it makes their group(and thus, themselves) look better in comparison.
0	My brother lost his job and and couldn't find one for more than a year.  He turned to drugs to help with his depression (and one of the reasons he couldn't get a job).   My parents and I tried to help him over and over.  Bailed him out of jail a couple of times, and REALLY helped his fiance and daughter through the whole thing.   In February of last year my house was broken robbed, but there was no sign of break in.  Jewelry, money, and pills were taken.  I assumed my wife had left our backdoor unlocked (she has a habit of forgetting) and I assumed some scumbag kid stole from us.  I did find it odd the xbox, computer etc were still in the house.  A few weeks later my parents noticed a lot of jewelry and other valuables missing.  No sign of break in.  Apparently my brother had stolen a set of my parent's key and it had my key on it as well.   Of course at that point my parents cut off communication with him.  He went on a massive downward spiral, almost died once and came crawling back for help, but my parents weren't willing to do much more than moral support.   To the best of my knowledge he got off the drugs and started working day labor to pay bills.  He moved in with a friend, and started drinking pretty heavily.  He just traded one vice for another.   The night he died he had been told by a girl he was seeing that she was going to go back to her husband (sounds healthy), and it sent him into a drinking binge.  He went to a bar and got so drunk the bar had to call the paramedics to revive him.  The paramedics let my brother walk out of the bar when he refused treatment and my brother killed himself by laying on some railroad tracks.   There isn't a day that goes by that  I don't wish I could have done more for him.  Maybe let him sleep on my couch.  But I had a 5 year old autistic child  and a pregnant wife to look after and could not allow that behavior in my house.  I miss him everyday, and his death has done more harm to my family than his reckless life ever did.
0	My parents were tough on me. I can say I don't like to party. I hate it. Sweaty people getting drunk and women whoring themselves out or trying to seduce everyone in the room? No I'm good, I swear. I never really liked prom or formals or what have you. I prefered to just hang out with some friends, get some dinner, go walk around the park and talk about life, make the occasional Hitchhiker's reference, and just relax. Now, my girlfriend is more of a... let's say... free spirit. She likes to go to parties and dance and sing and do karaoke and cosplay. I'll support her 100% but I don't see what she likes about it.
0	In the first grade of elementary school (no idea how that translates, 6-7y old), a kid I was assigned to sit next to would not stop bothering me, ever. One day, I got so sick of it, I told him if he didn't shut up right then and there, I'd stab him. He didn't listen. Ten seconds later, my pencil shattered against the desk...through his hand.   Completing this anecdote: Much, much later, when we were grown up, I encountered him at a bar. He didn't recognize me. He's still an angry prick...with a very visible hole shape in his right hand. Made me giggle.
1	I never really played singed, but cho is my main and i love him. He is so versatile. I usually build tanky and go solo top, but he can do almost everything. I have gone an ap carry build with him mid and dominated some of the most OP mids. Late game his feast is just so amazing. If I land rupture on anyone with half health or less I can combo with my w and ultimate for an easy kill. The best is when people don't expect the ultimate. They will have around a third health and sit on a turret. I can either flash in, eat them, then run out, or just land a rupture and do the same. He is a really fun champ to play and in my opinion is underplayed. He may not be a conventional tank but he fits the role very well. I will have to try singed soon though.
1	It's because riven is an easy champion to learn, but very hard to master. Easy to play in normal games and actually quite easy to do good with up to mid gold. Above that, people know how counter riven. Unless you're actually good with her, you can't 1v2 the jungler and enemy top laner anymore at lvl 6, but the bads think they can because "they main riven". They are too ignorant to accept that they lost their lane, and begin to tilt after two deaths. If somebody mentions that they aren't doing very well they will tell everybody to shut the fuck up or they'll afk.
1	im lazy
1	How come Riot never posts on these kinds of threads?"   Because we're at PAX atm! But seriously though, just know we see your suggestions and these kinds of posts are great for getting insight into what you want from our game. Thanks for the detailed thread.
1	Copy pasta from when i commented on a similar thread:   3 favourites are Zyra, Fiddle, Thresh.   Zyra - pretty much got to gold with exclusively support zyra and fiddle but zyra will always be my comfort pick for mid or support.   High damage(even after nerf), Great engage/disengage, plants for vision when low on wards or you want to check, a bush before you ward it, high carry potential by makin good team fights with your roots and ulti, when ahead can go haunting guise for damage to add another target that the enemy team can focus.   Fiddle- Fear is stupidly good in-lane cc and makes for great mid-late game pick potential, ulti has great damage and you can engage over walls for huge plays, if you can afford a zhonyas without sacrificing vision it makes you an insane late mid/late threat.   Thresh - Great cc, awesome adc peeling/engage, banned a lot and i sometimes fall prey to lee sin syndrome, where you follow up on hitting q's without thinking whether it's a good idea first.
1	I think a lot of players only looked at the range reduction and thought he'd be useless, but he's a champ that already gets pretty up close and personal in 1v1 situation to unload his burst. His early game is definitely a little weaker but they balanced that by giving his Q stronger waveclear so now he can have a safer laning phase if he's not able to start snowballing.   What's ridiculous about the change is that Riot's so bent on giving him a stronger sense of identity that they ignored what makes him OP and a universal pick on the professional scene - being able to scale as well and 1v1 late game ADC's that traditionally have weaker early games to compensate. Well his early games not really weaker just different, but now it's pretty hard to run yourself into mana issues in teamfights and his mobility is way more reliable. These two points give him way better damage potential to carry the mid into lategame and he's going to continue being a constant pick / ban because of it. Thanks based rito!
0	This is my life.   It's been 4 years and I'm still boarding in a house where the light switches are on the other side of the room. The side covered in darkness and with openings to hallways with doors. Doors that are closed because no one lives in them. I can't afford to move.   This wouldn't be so bad, if the rooms that are like this weren't the kitchen and common room (which I have to go through to get to the bathroom and kitchen). Night lights don't help.   It also would be wonderful if the doors were ALWAYS closed instead of slightly ajar every once and a while.   To make it even better, the house is located on a street corner.   The same one that is: diagonal from a building that's rumoured to be haunted by nuns (was a convent but was converted into a second college building), across from a cemetery, diagonal from an old gothic church where  a priest was murdered  of my widowed land lady.   Icing on the cake: my closet has opened itself. Normal, could have been a draft; if it hadn't been barricaded by a full laundry bag and boxes of unused computer equipment. It opened while I sat at my computer on the opposite side of the room. I have no room mates. help! D:
0	Really? My mother was overweight when I was young and we still a lived happy, healthy and active lifestyle. She just had troubles with motivation for weight loss (I'm positive she had secret stashes cause we didn't really have junk in my house) but she made sure that her kids were active and ate right. Now she's in great shape and still curvy. But it's a gorgeous curvy and I'm very proud of how far she has come.   Also, while throughout teenage years, physical appearance is number one in deciding on a partner (source: I was once a teenager and went to high school, we were all shallow douchebags), I know a few larger people who are happily married (Honey Boo Boo's mom too). Just because you're big it won't mean that you can't get a relationship. If you lack self-confidence due to your size, that will negatively affect you. But if someone feels good, regardless of their size, and they dress in a flattering manner, then they will have a good chance of getting a significant other. The same goes for skinny people. I know more single skinny people than curvy/bigger/non-ideal-body-shape people (and no, I don't only befriend people who are overweight).   What children need to learn is how to live a healthy lifestyle. Being skinny doesn't mean you're in shape; and being bigger doesn't mean you're out-of-shape. It's about taking care of your body, and if children are taught to take care of themselves, then they will come to love themselves. If they love themselves, they will gain self-confidence and be more likely to go out and enjoy the world.   I'm not saying I disagree that obesity is a problem, but if a child is a little chubby, and in good overall physical condition, they can still be happy. If they are taught that they HAVE to be skinny, to look "perfect", then they will obsess about it in an unhealthy manner and possibly become shallow and physically ill as a result, although the latter may not be true in all cases. You want a child to be healthy and happy, not skinny and depressed.   The idea is that a parent should love their child no matter what,  and support their child so long as the child's behaviour is not destructive.   So,
1	Ok so I've been here for about 5 minutes trying to word this in my head. Lets say you're in Silver II and your MMR is around Gold I/ Plat, so you are playing against people of your skill level while trying to get up to their division, then you hit your promos all of a sudden you're in a game with Silver I players, they have MMR around Silver I they are at their cap, all of a sudden they are playing a game against a Plat and lose horribly, since they're at their skillcap anyone passing through is gonna be likely to get them in their promos so now these Silver I players are being punished for being Silver I.
0	I'm a lifeguard, and as politically incorrect as this is, I can't agree more. On my second day ever working as a lifeguard, three black kids (ages 4, 6, and 8) snuck into the pool I work at without anybody noticing. They were very obnoxious and wouldn't stop running (even after blowing the whistle multiple times at them and telling them to stop). It was clear that none of them could swim, which wasn't a huge problem since they stayed in the 3-foot section. Right before they finally decided they were going to leave, the 8-year old thought it would be a terrific idea to get all the kids he was playing with to watch him go off the diving board. And that's when I had to make my first save. Needless to say, whenever black kids get in the pool they are usually the center of attention for the lifeguards.
0	I think it's just that the formula grows stale, so there's not as much of a click in your head that there is when something is truly novel and funny to you. Clearly, we are seeing evidence that these memes are still funny, but it's not the same for us anymore.   A relevant anecdote: I stepped out of the "intarwebs" game for a while. From late-2009 to late-2011, I didn't look at sites like reddit or 4chan. You would be surprised how much I missed: the birth of many "advice animals" like GGG and SS, the explosion of Rage Comics outside of 4chan, and of course many other passing fads or continual success of more familiar ones. One thing that was completely new to me when I re-entered the scene was "autocorrect fails." I read a few composites somebody made of these failures and practically passed out laughing, let alone crying. Something about them just struck a cord, making me laugh with more intensity than I had in a long time, and haven't since. Unfortunately, I soon realized they were all fake and grew tired of them very quickly.   It's strange and sad that what we find so damned funny one minute can eventually not even make us grin. Laughter is a more profound and complex cathartic experience than people like to credit it, meaning that the death of humor for you can almost feel like heartbreak when it was something truly great.
1	1) Cassiopeia Insane harass at solid range. Land an W and you basically get two free Qs with the combination of the W movespeed debuff and the Q movespeed buff. Later on, you can almost kill your enemy whenever you land an E because of Qs and incessant Es (plus dat ult damage: stun them with ult, or even just slow, the do the combo I just described and they're fucked). Very hard to shut down because she can drops dots and walk away, making even farming under the enemy tower not-so-risky. Also, with her passive, blue is much less necessary for her to farm/harass all day. Caveat for Cassio: try to hit the enemy champ ONLY with your abilities early game. Her early game harass is strong, but not strong enough to risk overextending for it. Once you get either a 2x dorans (less desirable) or dorans+boots+BW+maybe parts to a whole catalyst, feel free to overextend. Your ult and movespeed utility spells mean ganks are almost impossible, not to mention unlikely since you've probably harassed the enemy mid to the point where a spell or two would kill them. Smart junglers don't gank that situation unless they have help from another lane. High utility ult.   The rest are counters   2) Rumble One of the most underplayed champs IMO. He's good against short range champs like Annie/Ryze/Kass/Fizz etc. because of his retarded damage output and strong chasing/burst kit/moderate tankiness. I admit, he doesn't get the bulk of his damage until level 3 or four (definitely not until he gets all three spells), but until then you can easily farm/harass with Es, and if they try to run up on you you just E them and Q them until they get scared and run away. Level 4, just pop your W and Q and run at them the second they make a mistake and use a mobility/CC spell, or just do it if you think you can dodge. You may say, "but ryze will just root you and then attack you face-on!" If he does that, he makes a mistake. Your abilities are still hitting him when he does this from max range, and you (like ryze) have low cooldowns on your abilities and can spam just as hard and with more damage. Once you hit level 6 with rumble and have a revolver+, the second the enemy gets past the middle of the lane you can easily faceroll them if you haven't been shut down by ganks or bad play (and sometimes even if you have; on rumble, Merc treads+rylais+revolver=massive damage by themselves). On the other hand, never try to take Rumble against a Cassio, Xerath, or some other long range champ. He just can't get in there, because they'll be well out of his range when you start to run at them, and when you do start to run at them, they can back off with relative ease. High utility ult, and massive late game presence. My build: Mercs, WotA, Rylais, Abyssal, Zhonyas, Dcap; I build Dcap after Mercs+revolver(not WotA, that's after Dcap)+rylais.   3) Gragas Rumble can sometimes counter gragas despite his range (early game, Gragas is often going to have to autoattack for last-hits because his barrels don't just wipe waves yet; during this period of time, rumble is already pretty high damage and can rock Grag's world if Rumble dodges barrels), but for the most part Gragas works really well against short range mids and burst casters. Comboing barrel+dash is deadly, and since you should always have Drunken Rage's ad bonus active, you can chase them down after while hitting them because of E's slow, and when they do start to get away your barrels are following them. As to burst casters, his sustain will make them look silly. Oh, you just got me down to 1/4 health? Too bad you didn't kill me since my fat got in the way, because now I'm going to hit you right back and be up to a solid amount of health while you're stuck at low mana and low health. Solid utility ultimate as well, and a hoss late game.   4) Fizz Mostly just because he counters Kass. If silenced, Fizz still has his main damage source with his autoattacks to draw on. The first time Kass jumps in after/while throwing a silence, he'll realize his mistake. As soon as the silence runs out, Fizz pops W and autos. Right about then, Kass jumps away, only to be immediately followed by a Fizz Q, another autoattack, and E. If that doesn't kill the Kass (probably won't but it will come close), Fizz is probably level 6 as well, and can just shark+ignite. Of course, this is all provided the initial burst didn't kill you, but the point stands. All this happens so fast that I often see Kass die before even his Q comes off CD. To be fair, late game Fizz can be very useful (especially if built properly and fed which, let's face it, is pretty likely), but not as good as mid game. His main use is to shut down the enemy team by pushing out the other mid lane and ganking. Probably not a good idea to play him against Cassio, Gragas, or Morg. Probably some others, but you see why I chose those three. Generally, they're out of his range/too tanky to be dropped by burst.   5) Xerath Dat damage. Dat range. Dat ult. Once you can land his Qs, my god is he strong. At level 2, an E+Q combo will probably drop the enemy to half health + or - some. Having trouble landing your Q because either you aren't good enough at it or the enemy is dodging like a baws? That's okay. Use it to farm, and when you hit 6, get a little closer than normal, root, E, and then use your ult to stun (very easy to do) while also Qing. The low CD on Xer's ult makes this a reasonable thing to do even if you don't kill them, because you'll almost certainly pushing them out of lane.  Xerath is iffy though. He's good against long range champs, but think about what would happen if you were facing a Cassio and didn't hit your combo fast enough. She's gonna drop all her stuff on you, and you're probably dead if she flash+ults in. I think Xerath is still solid against her, maybe even Grag... but he's also a tough champ to play, so doing well against them more or less depends on who is better at their champ. On the other hand, Xerath will poop on short rangers (so a Gragas coming in to last hit with auto probably won't have a good time). You can harass them at a distance with minimal to no risk, and when they (almost inevitably) make the mistake of using a mobility spell to get to farm, you're in the money. Combo them then. If all else fails and you don't /really/ win your lane with Xerath, or if it looks like you won't be able to, just farm. It's okay. Xerath is a monster late game, due to his range and passive. That passive means that (especially if you've gotten a RoA, which I think you should) most of the champs that would normally go after him in a fight, ie the melee bruisers and AD carry, are going to have a much tougher time killing him; this scenario, however, is unlikely. Xer can just hang way back, wait for a teamfight to break out, get a little closer, root, and shit on the whole fight with his ult and Qs. If you can, you can use your E in the combo to stun for your team, but since the range on that is much shorter I think it's best used on whatever enemies try to charge you. That way, you can stun them and bolt with the movespeed bonus after your root ends.   Afterthought: Xerath I think is the most iffy inclusion. That spot could just have easily been for Ahri (especially), Morg, Anivia maybe... There are some really high utility champs that could replace him. He doesn't really have that much that helps his TEAM, it's really just the stun, and his E has a fairly high CD in addition to being single target.   * EDIT:
0	There's a change in the type of workers entering the workforce who want not just to collect their paycheck but feel fulfilled in their job roles. It takes a skillful and progressive manager to recognize that and link personal values to the work that people do, and their progression and career path, so props to your mom.   I find my own core joy by distilling my work into personal values. I work in IT, so I feel my core value is in something simple: I help people be more effective and make their lives easier. Being in tune with core values, or having your manager recognize and take advantage of a personal connection with your work to propel you to fulfilling projects is some of what I've been learning in my MBA classes on organizational leadership.   I think the corporate heartless overlord is either an old guard that cannot compete for quality workers in the new and coming workforce and will as a result fail, or simply the tyranny of mid to low level management. Either way, I expect jobs of the future to be less plentiful, but more rewarding by way of huge advancements in HR tactics and corporate recognition of human beings being more valuable for competition over the long term in skilled positions than automatons. I do not envy the low skilled, non creative, outsourceable, or automatable positions. The future in that area is bleak. Some might say that IT is in all those categories, which could be true - it will take creativity and people skills to keep it relevant.   That said, I work for a business that values it's people highly and regards their creativity as their greatest asset in a fast-evolving environment. I may be spoiled now for most other employment opportunities because I may expect too much from a future employer to treat me so individually. I think however, that our success and the model of places like Zappos will continue to guide more and more business into the bright future of employee satisfaction as a valuable barometer of company success.
1	What everyone needs to understand is there shouldn't be leeway on toxic behavior based on how toxic they are from one game to the next. Of the games in EDwards case, I saw one that was toxic, I would hit punish regardless. Player toxicity isn't meant to be judged in the sense that someone can be 'somewhat toxic' and so on, it is qualitative in the sense that you are toxic or you aren't toxic.   Once again using EDward's case as a source of data, he had 5 cases. I saw toxicity in one. However, this shouldn't lead you to assume he was only toxic in 1 of X games, if that were the case he wouldn't of been reported much and as such wouldn't be on tribunal; we all know you need to be reported in way more than 5 games to be on tribunal, the 5 cases presented are a sample. I generally see it as this:   Player A has 2 toxic cases of 5 in a tribunal review, this represented as a percentage is 40% of the sample given. This can easily mean the player was toxic anywhere from 0%<x40% toxic and potentially even more, assuming the sample is random. Bear in mind that if one case is toxic in the sample presented, the player is more than 0% toxic and as such should be regarded toxic.   There is no excuse for toxic behavior on this game and that is why you should be pressing punish if there is even 1 case of the 5 presented showing toxicity. You are in control of your keyboard the entire game (I would hope, and even if you aren't it is still your responsibility) and as such you control what you type; if you type something toxic, you typed something toxic and as such you have committed toxic behavior, it's that simple. If other players are toxic you should mute them or not rise up to it, this is something that is widely used in real-life and is easily applied to League of Legends.
1	I enjoy singed because singed.   No other hero can have so much FUN running in and causing havoc. You don't have to deal very much damage to create mass disorientation and zoning of the enemy's.
1	I would recomend the same thing that has improved my elo by 200.  For one, find your closet op.  For me its rumble, the S3 changes have been extremely favorable for him, and I had already had over 1000 ranked games with him in s2, so I knew what I was doing.  Step two, only play when you feel refreshed, happy, in general your best.
1	first of all, Pun intended.   >The story:   >So i was 2-2 in my final promo game for plat. I tell my team my situation, and they agree to try their hardest (duh). HOWEVER i get on guy who says "I'm diamond V bro idgaf about you I'm just gonna feed". So he feeds, we lose. LOSS PREVENTED. The next game i play, I am against him in the mid lane, me as kassadin, him as morde. We win the game (I got to plat :D) and guess what? Since he was Diamond V with plat V mmr and he lost that game , HE GOT DEMOTED to plat 1 (He flamed in after game chat). Thank you rito, thank you.   >
0	That's not accurate.  All the OEM's CAD models are in metric (kg/mm).  Everything at the OEM level is metric.  The challenge lies in getting the huge supply base in the US to finally switch, which will cost a huge amount of money, and a lot of the resistance comes from the old timers & tool makers that just friggin refuse to switch.
1	We both play. Met before starting lol. Mutual friends played so we tried to. Nowadays die hard botlane duo on a way to gold. We play only when we are not with each other(we don't live together) so it's very nice way to spend time(usually like 4hours 3 times a week, and 2 hours twice a week). Romantically, well it doesn't change much. We are more like best friends type of a couple so we just get fuzzy comfort while watching lol. We follow NA and EU lcs every weekend. It takes a lot of time, but it is always fun.
1	You are pretty much describing exactly the opposite of what kha'zix actually is.   Kha'zix is a late game champion. He struggles in the jungle early game and his ganks are mediocre until level 6/11.   Kha's late game is fantastic though, like it always should be. He is great at capitalizing on 1 mistake and just snowball the teamfight. And in just a standard 5v5, once his team blows 1 person up her will just reset and get in and out with ease.   His damage without isolation isn't good, but he should be going for isolating opponents anyways. If there is anything that needs buffed, it is his isolation range nerf reverted a bit, maybe by 25-50 range instead of the full amount.   His waveclear is one of the best of all junglers late game once he evolved w.   He CAN tank, because he has stealth, which the ability to just hit a button and poof disappear for a while, and then do it again, is still going to be very strong in teamfights.
0	Actually... Free speech doesn't cover that. It would be freedom of the press I believe, and even if it's counted as free speech, there was a Supreme Court case in 1942 that established "fighting words." They established in Chaplinsky v. New Hampshire that you were not protected by free speech if your words were, by their very utterance, inflict injury and violence. This case was actually the result of a police officer arresting a Jehovah's Witness for calling him a "God-damned racketeer" and a "God-damned facist" so religion isn't excused from free speech either. However in a 1974 case, the Court decided that mere offensive words do not count as fighting words.   The idea here is that he is deliberately attempting to incite a negative reaction from Muslims from his drawing, which causes injury by its presence should they retaliate. He's not actually protected...
0	Former small biz owner here.   Yelp did the same thing to use but used the term "filter reviews better" aka move any negative reviews to the hidden page and good reviews up when we said no all the sudden our two negative reviews (that were written by people who were never our us timers as we had names of every house we ever visited so we suspect a competing company wrote them) magically moved to the front page and all good reviews were now on the hidden filters page
1	Pretty much it's all about learning what a champion can do in every situation. Once you have the basic knowledge of a champ, such as his builds, skills, and all that stuff, the part that separates good players and great players with certain champions is how much situational knowledge they have in addition to champion specific mechanical skill.   You need to be able to know your limits of that champion in and out, so you know what you can get away with in every situation each game throw at you. Things such as burst potential, trade potential, roam potential, certain tricks such as ward hopping with Kat and Lee, things like that. I'd like to describe it as having a true 'feel' for that champ, where you know if you engage now you can for sure get a kill and get away alive.   So in the case of Mundo some important things would be knowing cleaver range by heart, knowing how much your ulti will heal you at every rank, and knowing your damage potential with W+E up. Once you are able to instantly decide the best course of play in a new situation, you have already outplayed your opponent.
0	Most "scumbag driver" memes could probably be written by both drivers involved. Maybe this guy was actually trying to speed up to let OP shift and OP actually did cut him off. Who knows? What I do know is that in nearly four years of my 80 mile daily commute I have never had this scenario play out. But here's the interesting part (at least I think it is).   When I started my longer commute, I changed my relatively aggressive driving style to a very laid back one for MPG reasons. Out of what I assume is complete coincidence, there were suddenly WAY fewer assholes, maniacs and dipshits on the road. Magic!! I just leave early, drive in the slow lane and assume everyone around me has a pregnant woman in labor in the backseat, which explains their behavior. Now I can just enjoy the commute for the gift of solitude that it is.
0	Because reddit is mostly made up of white people, and skews towards the young. Fewer young people are actively racist than other age groups, and older white racists tend to be quiet about it unless they're delusional and don't realize they're racist.   As a result, there are openly racist non-white people and quietly racist white people. Younger people who haven't lived through worse times are less likely to understand the impact that racism still has on the lives of non-whites.   Meanwhile, black people being racist against white people has negligible real life consequences. The vast majority of businesses, apartments, etc, are owned by white people, and discrimination by black people against white people has minimal impact. The vast majority of police officers are white, with the implications there regarding profiling.
1	You are mistaking. k0u acts like this because he is delusional. Players you mentioned don't act like this at all, and if they sometimes show their ego, they are able to back it up with real deeds. Contrary to k0u.   Young players act like they have won worlds, when in reality they have only challenger badge from rankeds. For less than year. And under any pressure they start to collapse. Team requires from you to change yourself? Fuck this team.   I understand that you can disagree and hate personalities of players you mentioned, but they don't act like a k0u. If teammates, coaches will ask them to do something, they will do it. Theay want to play and win. They will not say "my team was whining about ganking so I proceeded to feed during scrims and left team before main game". You can be cocky, you can be full of yourself, but thats different. No matter how cocky you are, real pro player, and all older players are real - thats why they play at highest level, will not simply abandon scrims, leave teams whenever smallest pressure or obstacle arises.
0	You downvoted me because you were too lazy? You are the worst. I had already added a
0	So the logic of this follows that there was some sort of organized agenda to the riots? That the UK riots happened because they were pissed of with the "Government"? Even though the later statement is a small part of the truth it is somewhat simple Simon bullshit. Let me clarify what I mean by asking some questions.   In your experience do council estate kids often or even sometimes start organizing themselves in to huge country wide social action groups but then get it wrong? Could the riots have ANYTHING to do with huge swathes of a generation being totally disenfranchised from society and the law due to the said law, or lack thereof, ending free higher education or the progressive end of "on the job training" for example? Could being stuck in poverty with no hope of escape be a factor? Could it have anything to do with the criminal justice act, the war on drugs and the changes in stop and search powers being used by the police to criminalize huge amounts of people but also to fill quotas? Is there ANY way these kids are so twisted by the world around them that this behavior manifested itself as soon as an opportunity arose? Or did they plan it all from the start? Could it have anything to do with problems in the education system and social care? Basically what I am asking is, could the riots have been a symptom of serious social issues or should we just blame it on the poor people?   When the cops fish for drug users at my local station with dogs on a Friday night, totally failing to arrest dealers but turning huge groups of otherwise law abiding kids in to criminals, everyone who gets arrested there looks at the legal system as a joke when they can't get taken seriously over violent crime in their neighborhoods. Those numbers add up quick. This is not a bunch of kids who got together to show their discontent with the "Government" in some sort of organized process of "riot creation". This is clearly an organic symptom of wide spread destitution and thus disenfranchisement. I don't agree with it but calling it the "fault" of the rioters, lets the administration off the hook in a literally insane way. Even though it happened all over the country at separate times people seem to think it was organized in some way and not a domino effect symptomatic of incredibly wide social problems. Does anyone think they were intelligently making a political point on mass and thus organized themselves in an intentional manor? Or could it be a natural occurrence when you have a "mob" that doesn't respect the law? As soon as you answer these questions honestly you have to stop righting it off as a group of young people being hypocrites and you have to look at some pretty serious underlying societal problems.   OPs meme only works when you're talking about an individual and not a huge group and yet it refers to them as a group. Rioters. The government must take responsibility for endemic social issues just as much as individuals must take responsibility for their actions. As we know, mob mentality makes people do some crazy shit. Individually, sure, assholes. But as a non organized group? Should we not be asking how this happened rather than pointing our impotent little fingers? This is not black and white and this silly re post does seem to characterize it as such.
0	I thought it was so you can sit around a table for hours trying to navigate 3 rooms because one of your teammates waits until her turn to go through her 82 spell long spell list to figure out what she will do this turn. Then screaming at each other because someone did something idiotic like try to steal the +5 ShinyPayAttentionToMe ring off of the prince's finger during a parade surrounded by guards. Then after several weeks of clusterfuckery, ending the campaign in a semi-awesome/semi-disappointing manner that leaves you bitter. Then several months later you look back on how awesome it all was.
1	He is also more expensive to make. 3 model not just 1,  new sounds(go look up audio laws and unions, very costly, can't mix match voice actors or sound studios),  new vfx (new models, animations, rigging to make each vfx) some new animations, and new engineering to do level swaps, and their new fidgets while moving, plus QA costs of testing new methods and feature sets.   Even being double a legendary, their ROI(return on investment) on a more expensive skin will tend to be lower do to higher end cost effecting less total sales and the higher internal cost to make.
1	I started playing league half a year ago, i played roughly 450 normals before starting ranked 2 months ago.  I quickly reached 1300 playing mostly ahri,morg,diana mid, jax, irelia and riven top and amumu, noc and lee jungle (I still suck at jungling sadly). I recently practiced a lot of both adc and support in normals and my adc play actually carried me from 1400 to 1480ish. Last Weekend i had a bad day and lost 7 games dropping to 1370 just before reaching gold.  So yesterday I went on a rampage and won 7 games 5 of those in a row, just barely hitting 1506 and GOLD :)   Thanks to Backpedaling for personal advice (he's my rolemodel).
1	I do agree that jungle timers are very tedious and aren't very hard to keep a track of, but it is a skill, and its a skill that's being taken away, making it harder for junglers to carry.   People say it'll lead to more fights over objectives since teams will know when buffs spawn, but I don't see any reason why this would be good for anyone who isn't a bad jungler. If the other jungler doesn't know how to time buffs, right now, you can basically get control of the jungle for free since their jungler doesn't alert his team of important objectives, with timers, him and his team will always be aware of these objectives so its harder for a good jungler to maintain their control.   An extreme example would be, if minions always gave gold when they die near you, it takes some skill out of the game, but makes it more interesting not having farmfests.
0	Everybody did (French planes, American bombs, Soviet Tanks), since it was the Iran-Iraq war that drove weapons purchases. Iran was seen as needing a counter-weight, since it was viewed as a religious extremist state, much like how the Taliban were viewed when they were still in power in Afghanistan. If we really look at the history of the region, it's been a revolving door of the French, British and Russians for most of the early 20th century, and the Americans coming in mid-century with the 1953 Iran coup (which set off the religious backlash that led to the 1980 revolution).
0	A yorkie showed up in my front yard.   I put up signs and checked with local vets and the police department, but noone came looking for him. At that point, they guessed him about 8-10 years old. When guesses put him at 14-16 years old, I had bonded with no animal in my life more profoundly than JD. The last couple years were a constant state of worry. It was when he started losing his teeth that I got worried. It was when he lost his first canine that I started panicing.   Unfortunately, my advise for current elderly dog owners would be, you'll know. Odds are it wont blindside you (well, it will, but not how you think). He was such a crazy, high energy, little thing that I figured he'd go out like a light bulb. One minute jumping around like he always did. Next stroked out dead.   Nope, one day he just decided he wasn't going to eat anymore. Being a yorkie (stubborn eaters), I had been through it and didn't cater to his denial for food for 3 days. Then I caved and got him a new brand hoping to get his attention. Then I tried going to the go to what got him eating when I first found him, lunch meat. After a week, I got desperate and got a baby syringe and started feeding him meat based baby foods.   I was unemployed at the time. It was horrible. I basically just laid with him and died with him. It was 2 or 3 weeks of spending my full days laying with him, trying to force feed him some baby food every 2 to 3 hours, watching him waste away, hoping as hard as I could that he would just eat something on his own again. It got to the point where he would get up and try to walk to his dog house, and would only be able to take a step or 2 before he collapsed. After this back and forth, him trying to get to his dog house, but not being able to make it, me picking him back up and bringing him back to the couch, I tried to feed him again and he immediately threw the food back up. It looked and sounded painful.   I had been wrestling with the thought, but that was the moment I thought "I need to call the vet". I couldn't compose myself enough to make the call, so my wife called a local mobile vet for us. I took him into his backyard, and he had a burst of energy (I think he knew) he hadn't had in weeks. Strong enough to walk half the length of the back yard to his favorite spot. He surveyed his yard from his favorite spot, hobbled back over to me, and collapsed on the ground. I picked him up, brought him back inside, and the vet arrived...   summation in the form of a
0	Not that I don't empathize with people who think they've been screwed over by the court system, but without the other person's side of the story it's difficult to take those stories at face value. I'm sure that there are some judges that are more apt to side with mothers (just as there are probably some that are more apt to side with fathers). But that's an issue of personal bias on the judge's part - not of the court system itself. Many courts have determined that gendered presumptions violate the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment (and all states have gender neutral child custody laws). Most jurisdictions use the best interest test for making child custody determinations. One of those factors is "the child's primary caretaker." Often the primary caretaker is the mother, so that may sometimes result in an award of primary custody to the mother. The factor illustrates the importance placed on providing stability and continuity for children while also taking into account the relative commitment of each parent to the performance of daily child-rearing tasks. However, in some states the factor cannot be used as a presumption and it is by no means the only factor used.   Here is a short run down on custody law in Minnesota, as an example. When a child is born to unmarried parents the mother is given sole legal and physical custody by operation of law until a custody order is issued. The reason for this is fairly straightforward; it's the mother who must take care of the child within the early days of his or her life. Additionally, paternity might be in question. An adjudicated father can then petition the court for custody and parenting time, which may then be decided by a judge based upon the best interest test.  When a child is one of marriage, however, the parents share legal and physical custody. When divorce occurs, the presumption is that joint legal custody is in the best interests of the child. Additionally, while there is not a presumption for joint physical custody, there is a presumption that the non-custodial parent is entitled to at least 25% of the parenting time. Also, in Minnesota, courts push mediation over court proceedings. Parents will sit down with a mediator and decide, between themselves, which parenting time and custody arrangements work best for them. But it's certainly more difficult when parents don't get along and are bitter toward each other, because it often then becomes a game of "he said, she said."   A case I observed recently involved unmarried parents with a 10 year old daughter. The father had little to no involvement in the child's life up until now. The mother had recently been convicted of sex trafficking (the daughter had not been involved in any way). The father had a good job and a wife and kids. However, he had not spent any substantial amount of time with his daughter. While the judge was certainly concerned about the mother's criminal conviction (and the possibility that she would be incarcerated), he wasn't about to grant custody to a father who had barely been involved in his child's life. At most he was looking at reunification therapy and then parenting time.
0	Affirmative Action is outdated because it only treats the symptoms and not the disease.  The reason blacks and Latinos are underrepresented in college is not because they are black or Latino.  It is because they are more likely to be poor.  So instead of giving a leg up to people because of their race, we should give people a leg up because they are in a lower socio-economic group.  Since you are more likely to be in a lower socio-economic group if you are black or Latino, then you will be more likely to get the leg up, but we will also not be biased against needy people who happen to be white, asian, or whatever.
1	No, that's not how most people think, but it may just be due to selective bias on my part.   Japanese people (as a whole) are generally considered more racist than other groups of people around the world. In the past couple weeks I've been in Japan, I've gotten an uncountable number of  whispers between friends or elementary school kids yelling  as I walk by (I'm in Kyoto).
1	no.   Currency that is earned through in game means, in this case IP, is used in free to play titles to encourage continued play. You feel like you are earning something, and using it to purchase things like runes or champions or silly hats makes you feel like you are progressing. The progression reward and the impetus to keep playing are there to encourage you to stick with the game because the longer you do the more likely you are to pay real money for something. Similarly artificial scarcity is required, when you are always forced to work to have enough IP to buy whatever new trinket appears it increases satisfaction in obtaining that item AND it increases the likely hood that you're going to opt for the shortcut of purchasing it with real money.   Allowing stock piling to happen, for anyone, is bad. It means there is a point, a certain number of games played where any person will develop a stock pile. Beyond that point impetus to play and progression rewards evaporate and the only things holding people to the game are fond memories and the weight of how much time and money they already tossed into the game. Neither of those is particularly successful at customer retention.   Hence the need to create additional IP sinks. In my example I mentioned ward skins, making them available through both IP and RP allows you to eliminate stock piles and give those long time players back their progression feelings and encourage them to spend more RP, while also adding to the artificial scarcity of in game currency encouraging the entire player base to spend more on RP.
1	From what I've been playing with it seems as if the people who you are playing with/against are a prime determining factor in how many points you receive.  I am currently a silver 5 but when I play with some gold friends they all complain about getting 10-15 points from a win while I get 20-30 league points. I played with a few bronze friends later and I was the one getting a few points, and then after an afk for a loss, I lost a huge chunk of points. The reason I lost so many points is from losing to people with such a lower hidden matchmaking rating.
0	I'll just leave this here, I asked this girl out to prom, I was fucking nervous as hell and when she said yes I was so fucking happy. A couple of days later she pulls me aside in the hallway and tells me she can't go with me. Heart broken a friend went with me. Low and behold I see herthere by herself and I never did get a good answer why she didn't go with me. But ya
1	Actually it's very cost efficient. it's exactly worth its stats if you have 1083 health, and you'd probably buy this on a high health champion, so it's insanely cost effective then (if you have 3000 hp you get 3450 g worth of stats for only 2300 g)   The problem with Atma's is the range of different stats, that are only useful to a small number of champions, all of whom could probably get better items to fill the slot that they would put atmas into.
0	Typically when people donate, they tend to care more what it's for then who is getting it and the whole logistics of how much is actually a donation towards that goal.   People won't actually think that these charities don't send ALL of their donations to fund that specific cause, and thus when it all comes down to it, if you want to donate you'll generally pick the first big established name in the charity game, and for Breast Cancer that's Susan B. Komen.
1	Ok, let me rephrase. Based on the fact that a human cannot control what they think, and the fact that the individual in question is human, we shall assume he cannot control how he thinks. Therefore we should praise him for working on how he behaves regardless of motivation, as this encourages positive behavior, rather than saying his motives suck, since this is more likely to lead to long term positive changes. Imagine you have a child who wants a sweet. You tell them that they can have the sweet if they do the washing up, so they wash up, then you tell them they can't have the sweet because they only did the washing up so they can have the sweet and that's not a good motive. If you give them the sweet they might well do the washing up again, perhaps without being asked. Sure they're doing it because they want sweets, but positive behavior is increasing. Over time they may well come to realize that doing things such as washing up tends to result in positive consequences and their behavior changes. Now return to the situation where we tell them they can't have it because their motivation was "wrong" are they going to improve behavior? Probably not, why should they when you've already demonstrated that it yields nothing. Whilst this is an idealized scenario it captures the basic issue that positive change requires motivation, based upon this fact we should praise the change and whilst considering that it was based upon the motivation of being allowed to continue professional play continue to note the change, encouraging positive community interaction rather than deciding the change is worthless because the motivation isn't based purely on morals.
1	Correct, top lane he has his counters, but I see him beating a lot more people there than in mid.  He's situational in both lanes but is more comfortable top but more potential in mid.   Yeah, CLG really gave the opportunity for IG to run Master Yi, it was unexpected too for them.   I would pick Master Yi over Akali or Katarina because he can win different lanes that Akali can't, he can also get the job done quicker and potentially cleaner while Akali or Katarina would be clearly better in more situations than Yi would be.  CLG left a door wide open, low CC count, they couldn't stop Yi, and with Jarvan just being such a great partner for Yi, closing people up and being able to burst primary targets quickly and leaving Yi to finish them off and get AoE damage and a refreshed Q, IG was able to abuse the opportunity that CLG gave them.
1	I think a lot of people get this feeling because it's easy to think 'I'm Gold, with practice I know i can make Plat and probably Diamond' - which is true.  However, nothing about personal skill prepares you for teamwork and coordination.  Not only that, but having a similar mindset is necessary.   Years ago I started a clan in a FPS of a bunch of people who played together constantly.  We had varying skill levels but got stomped because we had ZERO capability of working together.  Over a 2-3 year period we managed to coordinate well - individual skill didn't really improve much, but we got to the point where we knew our roles and what to be doing at any time and what we could expect from our teammates.  We improved from bottom of the league to mid-upper even though most of the people we played against could stomp us in 1v1 situations.   Also, we are constantly engaged about success stories.  E-Sports haven't developed yet to the level of something like football - where there are so many people playing that you KNOW that unless you are a prodigy you won't be noticed.  LoL especially is bad about this misinterpretation since it is easy to deceive oneself about the simplicity of the game.  Due to the nature of E-Sports we are getting constant feedback from the pros through social means; something we don't get in other sports.  This makes the pros seem more normal/real than we are used to, making the differences seem smaller (because, in many ways, they are).   LoL has a relatively small community which is CONSTANTLY giving feedback about how you can better yourself.  We get to see pro's playing from their perspective and think about how they don't seem like they are THAT much better, but you need to change your thinking.   If you are in Gold right now, you are probably comparable to someone who does consistently good on a local high school football team.  You are better than most of the people playing, but you can recognize the couple people in the local area that are just plain better than you - but you beat the other 95% of people.  Those couple people who are just fantastic at the game are comparable to Plat/Diamond.  They'll probably get scholarships to universities for their ability to play and then, when they are suddenly playing against people of equal caliber, realize they weren't quite on the level they thought - even though they are better than 98-99% of people, they aren't pro.  Not only that, but they probably had learned some bad practices when they were in high school.  All they had to do was get the ball and they'd score - leading to the win.  When they were suddenly evenly matched, and their whole team was worthwhile to pass the ball to - and probably better options than themselves - the game dynamic changed completely when teamwork became important.  The few that were amazing at the University level - they are the pros.   But the fatal flaw to all of this is that these people HAVE to play on teams from the beginning - completely different from solo queue.  You are not learning proper teamwork in solo queue.
1	Personally I don't like the jungle changes but I don't really rant about it. I've been playing in jungle since the S2 preseason and I will continue doing it. People say that there are only few viable junglers and that's their problem - nobody is forcing you to pick the meta champion, even in higher tiers of solo queue. You just follow the structure shown in LCS, where you have to pick a bruiser, because it's the best right now.   Posts or comments saying that less than 10 champions are able to do a first clear and buy a jungle item are clearly wrong. It is indeed harder with few of them, but it's still doable. I haven't touched Jarvan in a month, played Vi and Lee twice and still was able to get from to P3 to D5 on EU West, using champions like Fizz, Olaf, Reksai, Sejuani, Shyvana, Kha'zix, Rengar or even Evelynn. If I had Elise on that account I would also play her, since I know her well and can abuse her mechanics. The champion may give the advantage, but it's mostly up to player, if you are good with your champion you don't care about the global winrate of nerfs. If you abuse the meta champions and "mains" FoTM, well..... it's your problem.   On the other hand, people don't understand some of the changes. For example, ranged junglers nerf with reducing the number of soft leashes. Do you really think that ranged champions should have a clear advantage of having 100% hp after 3-4 camps, because the jungle didn't attack them? It was a bug that had to be fixed.   Ok, the end of my post, you are free to downvote me if you disagree. I would like to thank the moderation team for creating this thread since reading the 10th thread about the same thing was really annoying.
1	In the other thread there was a mentioning of Captain Mode in DOTA. Other than the fact that the captain is highly unlikely to sabotage the game, it seemed to be an unpopular idea since the captain would essentially pick the champions for the team and could only choose from a selective pool of champions. This would mean less freedom for the players,  but I think we can improve this feature by eliminating these concerns.   First let me say that this proposal consists of elements from three main ideas:   1) Captain Mode (modified)   2) Vote Kick (captain only or team majority)   3) Dungeon Finder (not really, choice being captain or role player)   Captain Mode   Suppose we start with the basis of Captain Mode in DOTA in the sense where captains still ban 3 champions. However instead of having the captain pick the champions from his/her pool, lets allow the players to still select from their own pool of champions and have the captain approve their picks. This will eliminate the issue if a player's request to play a specific champion was declined. As far as how the captain approval works, from here there are two scenarios, approve and reject. If the captain approves the pick, perfect game on!   Vote Kick   If the captain rejects the pick, then there are several ways to go about this. The player can continue to select a champion until it is approved by the captain or leave the game without penalty after a certain amount of rejections. Likewise after a certain amount of disapproved selections, the captain/team may kick the player from the team without penalty. In this case the captain and player could not come to an agreement, so we can say it was best that they did not form a team that may have gone bad from the start. Hopefully with the captain being a moderator for the team, this will define a guideline for in-game conflicts regarding pick and call order.   Dungeon Finder   So with this concept we still maintain the quality champion selection while reinforcing player's roles. However lets say you were tired of being bossed around and wanted to be in control. In this case we can create two options when finding a game, captain or role player. Those who select captain will be grouped with 4 role player that are of lower rank. Basically this is addressing Lyte's issue on Cognitive Biases. The idea is that by choosing to be captain, you are declaring yourself to be the best and have the ability to carry the team. You also have the ability to assemble a team composition that compliments your play style. However that also means you have to bear more responsibility and take the blame for any problem like real leader should.   So what if you're not up for the increased responsibility and challenges that comes with being a captain? Well thats what the role player option is for. By being a role player you will be grouped with 3 other role players around your skill level and a captain who is of higher rank than you. You will be guided by the experience of your captain, who will hopefully lead you to victory.   Anyways thats pretty much the main concept. Feel free to leave any comments or build up on this idea.
1	sometimes this is the case tho,   scenario from my last game (me) ad sion vs teemo top, neither of our junglers ganked toplane I end up 1 kill and 40 cs ahead, and am capable of just ignoring his harass with my wriggles (in game time +- 17 minutes)   situation at the rest of the map: 15 kills for the enemy team against 4 by mine, the advantage that I had in lane is simply gone because 1 kill and 40 cs ahead of my lane opponent doesn't help me against the 6-0 kennen and 7-0 caitlyn   when stuff like this happens I feel it is appropriate to claim you have a bad team. It was impossible for me to help them with their 4v4s due to shrooms preventing me from going down river, and even if I would try teemo would at least get a tower out of it.
1	Objective reviews?   We must not be reading the same reviews. Then again, that's why I only get the
1	I've never posted on reddit before, but I feel so bad that you play support to be a nice guy and are getting screwed over. Bronze is hell. It really is, I just got out of it and promise it is so much better. Silver is a lot more cocky people that think they are good because they are not bronze, but theres less toxicity and more teamwork. Basically, the best advice I can give you is that you are going to have to try to take an important role. I carried myself out of Bronze by playing nidalee top. People raged at me and told me not to and whatever, but at the end of the day, I'm a good player and I play a role that can carry a game. You should do the same thing. Jungle, Top, and mid are all good roles for this. Jungle because its easy to apply pressure on struggling lanes, or help a good player dominate theirs. Top is good because most tops are tanky bruisers, and tanks honestly carry games better than adc. Mid is good because you can help the other lanes and deal mass damage in teamfights if you pick the right one and get good at them. For example: I have really good positioning in team fights and I main Lux mid, because I Have good positioning, I almost never die and I can build her glass cannon, maximizing damage output.
0	My dad bought me a 1986 Nissan Sentra when I was 17. Pos was in the shop/coworkers garage every other week.   Finally just to decided to blow a couple of radiator seals in another town.   He apologized for buying me that car, and he should have known better. I got a 2002 hyundai accent a week later(a two year old car), manual transmission. He taught me how to drive it.   we were not rich, kinda on the low end of well off.
1	I really dislike the behaviour of the mods in this subreddit. It's like they're the government and the subreddit is their country to rule.   And just like that, noone likes the government. They decide on their own what's good or what's bad.   Why don't you let the reddit vote system decide?
0	I read your comment, went back and did an impression of Nicolas Cage saying this in my head, and it totally sounded like what I originally imagined this guy would sound like.
0	Student in audio engineering and computer science here.  You're actually a bit wrong.  The easiest way to understand why modems make that noise is to compare it to an audio sync technique called Longitudinal Time Code (LTC).   LTC syncs analog tape machines together using an audio signal which is translated into SMPTE time code.  Don't worry about understanding that too much though.  The main point is that LTC used a square wave while the receiving end listens to that square wave and translates it into binary code.   You know what a square wave [looks like](  How they have shelves on the top and bottom.  LTC listens to that square wave and whenever it hears a specific pattern of the wave it equates that to a 1.  The other pattern would be a 0. It is actually that simple.  Once you have things in terms of 1s and 0s you can do almost anything with binary.   [This website]( explains LTC much more in depth.  I'm showing LTC instead of dial up because it is much more simple to understand, but the idea is still the same.   If you played a LTC as an actual audio track you would hear a very fast clicking sound and it would sound somewhat similar to dial up noise.
1	Zilean was on skype with me and doing exactly what he should have been doing, though he was doing it a bit early.  When I asked him why he did it so early it was because of my dash; he had no idea if I'd be in range when I needed it.   Intelligent players will see a Zilean ult know they have to make a decision: Focus this target down and have them come back with more health than they had, or let them pound on you for 7 seconds.  Either way, a Zilean ult on a character that gets focused (like Akali) gives them a lot more freedom to deal damage in situations where they normally wouldn't.  Akali's role in a team fight is to assassinate the carry and low HP targets.  In order to fufill that role she does massive burst damage, but to counter that she's squishy as all fuck.  A Zilean ult means she has 7 seconds to burst down ANYONE, which is long enough to turn any team fight in her favor.
1	sport spt/Submit noun 1. an activity involving physical exertion and skill in which an individual or team competes against another or others for entertainment.   league is teams competing against one another   the finger bashing, co-ordinating in a game and the schedule they follow can be considered physical exertion to some degree   of course skill is involved
0	Somewhat relevant:   I had a great grandmother who lived to be 104. Her final day in this earthly realm, as she was being loaded into the ambulance, her exact words to the EMTs were "Y'all shouldn't be wasting your time with me. Just roll me up in the carpet by the front door and toss me in the river..."   At a certain point, I think everyone reaches the point where they've squeezed out of life everything they possibly could, and the mere act of being alive becomes more of a burden than it's really worth.   I don't know about you all, but I still have a lot of living left to do before that day comes. But when it does, I only hope I greet death with half the tact she did.
0	Oh I do empathize. It sucks. I didn't like it. And when the clients called I didn't talk them like they were the problem, because they're not. I didn't tell them "don't fucking call me after 5:45 because my shift is almost over and I don't feel like dealing with your shit."   My problem is this passive-aggressive GGG bullshit. "GGG: Sucks my dick and pays me for the privilege." My problem is people complaining about DOING THEIR FUCKING JOBS. That's the nature of the job motherfucker! Don't like that shit? Get a different shitty job! No one is forcing you to wait tables.   Also, I'm self-righteous, not self-entitled, you self-entitled cock jabberwocky.
0	So it's the middle of the night in the outskirts of Boston.  My friend and I drive past this girl walking alone down a side street in a pretty secluded area.  We're both in our mid-twenties at the time, and we're in an old beat up van that I purchased for $500.  All of a sudden a few minutes later we start hearing a wolf howling... then it runs past the van going in the opposite direction towards the girl.  We decide to turn around and go back, warn the girl, and offer her a ride.  We tell the girl we just saw the wolf, she says she heard it too, but that she'll be fine walking.
0	Actually that cancer is Adolph Mittler, CEO of Chick-[F]il-A.
1	I thought you meant actual supports but seeing as you mean mages with some sort of utility, this isn't a problem: Annie+Kayle were meant to scale off AP, since they were designed as a mages and mages happen to be dominant in the early/midgame stages. The only question remaining whether they ACTUALLY BUILD AP or not. If their ratios were nerfed, they'd be reduced to mere utility bots and never find play in their intended position anymore.   These "mage-supports" have replaced actual supports that had their scalings reduced, with riot anticipating them becoming what you are complaining about: Damage dealers with utility in botlane.   I for one would only like to see the scaling reverted and see REAL supports have more impact than the utility/ward bots they have been since forever, because having defensive stats more enticing than getting only 0.4-0.5 of your purchased AP as damage (even less as utility) just makes the game a boring tankpunching game. What's the point in picking someone who will not contribute to anything the team does after 20-25 minutes no matter what he builds?   /
1	When I said that you can learn from watching better players, I did not mean that you learn better execution, but that you learn good play and good tactics from an observer standpoint. You learn the thought process and mental side of the game, independent from the execution.   Your second paragraph however I think frames what you are trying to say better. I think I would agree with your argument that low level players cannot learn, to an extent, from much better players, because they do not grasp the thought process behind the actions.   Going with that then, for a shoutcaster to know "enough" about a game in order to be able to analyze it at a professional level, they do not need to be at a professional level themselves.  They simply need to be good  enough  so that they can grasp the motives behind the decisions of the better players.   Here there is an issue, because judging whether someone's skill level is high enough to be able to grasp the decision making of their betters can be subjective. I cannot think of an objective manner of setting such a demarcation, without it being to some extent arbitrary.   We could say oh, you have to be Diamond 1 to be able to understand professional play, or Platinum 4, or Gold 3. But in the end it's difficult, in this sense, to be certain.   So if we can't make a judgement based on the person, we must then judge their actions.  If a shoutcaster makes good analysis, in the eyes of the professionals and those definitely qualified to make such judgments, then they are good enough. I'm confidant that Riot is a qualified judge of quality in this regard, and though opinions may differ, I'm going to side with whoever they think is qualified.   Cause lord knows I'm not.
1	I'm only Gold so I can't speak for higher players but, the one thing I noticed?   STOP CHASING KILLS.   Going 1 for 1 while you're 6-2 and the enemy is 0-4 isn't worth at all!  Not to mention Baron, towers, dragon is free for the taking.
1	Swain enthusiast here, just dropping in to point out that Karthus E does more damage than Swain's ult (even on an optimal number of targets - 3 or less) coupled with the fact that without Karthus's passive Swain can't itemise for heavy AP like Karthus can.
0	In historical context, during WWII, the Nazis were not the crazies. In fact, they did offer a solid financial improvement via plundering the things owned by people they disenfranchised. Along with replacing positions of these minorities with German citizens lowered the unemployment rate (Jews were not counted towards unemployment). This, with a massive increase in the national debt, basically paid off the German people in a transition to a war economy in six years prior to the outbreak of the war.   The average (non-minority) German started making more money, had a much smaller chance to be unemployed, gained great medical care, saw huge changes to infrastructure (the Autobahns, railways) that helped them get from place to place... and all they had to do was to continue blaming the Jews and other minorities. That was much easier, because it looked to be working.   This was of course the short term plan, because this is not sustainable economy. Hence, the start of the conquest as soon as the exploitation stopped being profitable. The beauty of this choice was obvious from a financial standpoint. The massive amount of infrastructure built, the huge increase in factory production, and the transition to a war economy had been underway for six years, fueled by stripping thriving Jewish communities of all the resources they had, as well as selected people that were anti-Nazi.   What continued from there was basically the plundering of conquered states of resources, and starting the taking from minorities over there as well, this time to the extreme as exterminating people was already something that the previous years of financial success had made people turn a blind eye to. Nobody wanted to know how things were taken from the Jews, what happened to them, or why they vanished. Because if you were turning a blind eye to that, everything was better, and the Jews weren't there - so it must be that. It was easy to believe that the Jews had ruined everything. People wanted to believe that. Because now they were given a new, beautiful house by the government (used to belong to a Jewish family since executed), a nice, decently paying job in their own shop (the tailor was shot in the head for being gay, and the government repays loyalty), and the kids got great medical treatment for free.   Most Nazis had to swallow one lie: It was someone else's fault for all the huge mess that happened before the Nazis. Other than that, all the backing for the Nazi regime was perfectly rational. From a sheer economic standpoint, the citizens were better off. They had become a military empire, feared by their enemies, only such a short while after the defeat at the last war. People were joined together behind one cause, making their country great. And the guys in control, well, they seemed to know their shit, because wow, look at how things are better now.   Swallow one lie. That was all that was asked. And you get a better life. Your friends get better lives. The entire country gets better. Just one lie.   The Nazis were not crazy. They were average people. Hitler was popular. And he convinced people to do one thing, and that thing is so easy... blame someone else. People clung to that. They did their best to ignore any evidence of the wrongness of it. They were not crazy. No one wants to admit that their lie protected the greatest war crime ever committed. That they turned a blind eye.   ... they didn't know. Actually, they wouldn't have supported it if they knew. They were lied to. It was so convincing. You have to believe everyone, or else what can you believe? It was just a mistake. Everyone was misguided by monsters. Those people were evil. How could anyone have known?   This is a thought process that explains why being a Nazi was not, and to a great extent still is not, an act of insanity. All you need to believe is one lie. One sweet and easy to believe lie. One that says "it's not our fault". It's a soothing lie. One that children say to themselves when things look screwed up. It comes so naturally. And everything will be better.   One lie.
1	Riot seems to want to reduce the dead time during low levels with the mastery/summoner spell changes to try to get rid of the stale laning phase for bottom and top lanes, which is good. You want the game to be such that exciting things can happen at any time. This is the case with sc2, but not so much for League.   I don't play or watch SC2, not that I have any problem with it. I just remember SC1 being a pain in the ass and having more fun with C&C, so I never really took to the first one. With that in mind, I do like the new move by Riot, and I think that you're right - they would like to make the laning phase less stale. However, I would just like to say that there are lvl 2 ganks with Lee Sin and Shaco.   Also, everything.... and I mean EVERYTHING on TV that is exciting is that way because it is  produced well .     Imagine if in the first few minutes of the game the announcer was able to say, "Oh and look at HotshotGG choosing the use a Regrowth Pen + pots instead of his usual Boots of Speed + pots. Remember what happened last time he started a game out like this?  (INSERT CLIP OF HIM FUCKING DYING) "     Or you could have at champ select: OH and Saintvicious is playing Lee Sin. They have a 70% win rate with this champ. Lee is a character with  these  champion abilities  (show clips of their mechanics/killing someone with them)  and lets look at some of Saintvicious's previous scores with this Lee Sin  (show their record, explain why there were ups and downs) .       What I am getting at is this: NFL, MLB - they have a huge collection of statistics at their disposal and great producers keep them at the commentators fingertips at all times. I listen to Vin Scully announce for the Dodgers and the entire time he is talking I'm saying to no one in particular, "Damn I did not know that," or "I knew that and he is right."
0	Well, that's really the problem with moving to a blowjob-based economy: it's not transferable. Likewise it's also problematic as it's not fungible so you also need to evaluate each instance separately. This further makes it challenging to make comparison pricing, enter into long-term planning, or enact pricing strategies without incurring a great degree of extra work on behalf of the vendor.   So if I was driving a cab and I collected 20 blowjobs for the night I'm now well over the number that I plan to actually use personally and am running a surplus. Except I need to take delivery immediately and I can't hold onto some of them to later pass on to my landlord. Not very efficient.   Even if we went with some sort of blowjob coupon we'd have trouble because they would, presumably, only be redeemable by the issuer. As they get traded more heavily I now need to track down someone on the other side of the country in order to redeem my blowjob? That's going to cause all sorts of problems with valuation by making local coupons more desirable for most with distant ones only of interest to people who travel more frequently. Yes, it encourages keeping your coupons in the local economy, but that's not a realistic situation long-term and encourages stagnation.   So really you'd need to have coupons that can be exchanged to any blowjob provider. It's the only way to create a functional economy.
1	I just want to discuss this on the nerfs as a whole. When they are used the way they should be a.k.a. plat+ rank they take over. There win rate may be low because most people are in bronze/silver and dont know what they need to do to actually make it work. So the win/loss is highly skewed.
0	You would be much happier in your job, if this thought never even crossed your mind. This way of thinking poisons your view of people and gives you and others at your workplace a false sense of togetherness. In reality you are just trying to justify your lack of people skills.   I have a solution, that you can try. It was said by a boss I had. Blees Her! :-)   Here it goes: If the customer is an asshole, do your job swiftly and efficiently, so He/She can leave ASAP. If the customer is nice, do your job swiftly and efficiently so you ar not holding the customer up unnecessarily.
1	You do have some good arguments there. But about Lux, I would consider her passive to be quite counterproductive, if you will. She is arguably a long range mage, so therefore why would her passive be proc'd through AAs? This seems to be very ironic because getting that close to an enemy champion to get that little bit of extra damage would just not be possible. Don't get me wrong though, her passive will help you establish lane dominance early game if used correctly.
1	So I've been watching and noticed a few things:     First part you speed it up and only talk about how you could be Plat but not are. Rather boring for people that are watching to see Jayce mid.   You should focus more on 'why' and not 'what'. We can see what happens but we're more interested in why you do that (i.e. get a 2nd dorans over something else etc)(Going back to do your farmfest - why that over roaming and other lanes?)   Your voice is pretty normal / good to listen to so that is great.   For speeding up you should keep that in the mid parts (between teamfights etc). Early game is indeed boring to watch but crucial in your gameplay. A lot to tell there about trades you could make, when to back off etc, when you roam to other lanes / their jungle etc.   The mid game you could speed up during teamfights and shopping trips. During this talk about your build / what items you buy and why. Then when you are getting ready for a teamfight you could do things like pausing the replay and explain the positioning & what targets a Jayce should be going for.   Maybe a start with runes & masteries.
1	I really enjoy jungle because it makes me the biggest factor towards my team's success early in the game. As long as I can make plays and my teammates aren't intentionally making terrible decisions over and over, it puts my team in a good spot to pull through with a win. When I play a top or bottom, I don't feel like I have that kind of control, and mid lane contains champions that I don't necessarily enjoy quite as much as the core junglers.
1	First of all, I'm hoping for Fnatic to win and I absolutely love Febiven and the fact that he is so confident & playing so well! That being said, let's get a few things straight: As awesome as they were (especially for a Zed main such as myself), the Febiven solo-kills on Faker's Azir are the result of a favorable matchup and Febi's confidence and knowledge of the champs' capabilities. Furthermore, Faker did not pick Azir in order to dominate his lane.. he picked it for the team and lategame power, which ultimately contributed to SKT winning the game even after losing the early game so hard.
1	Broken yasuo can be beaten only by even more broken kassadin-
0	To all the naysayers: it is possible although I agree with you it is not likely.   When I was born (1997) my mother was at the ripe age of 47. The doctors were very worried that I would be a girl with down syndrome. They decided not to terminate the pregnancy because they wanted a girl and they have always been pro-life. They had already raised 3 boys (all of them with their own problems) but they loved their child even though it wasn't born yet.   As the due date rolled around, the doctors prepared dor the worst. But out came me, a 10 pound boy. This shocked the doctors. As I grew up my parents gave me lots of puzzles and one day at daycare my parents were told that I was better than all the other kids at solving them. They thought little of it; they were just thankful I wasn't disabled.   Fast forward to the first day of school. I am assigned to Ms. Z's kidnergarten class. Within a week, Ms. Z was tired of me disrupting class because I finished work before everyone (I know I know, it was vigorous work I excelled in). Anyway, the teacher advised that I move to the first grade immediately. So I was assimilated into the firsy grade rather easily and continued working diligently.   This year I am a senior with a 4.8 GPA. I am planning to attend USC for mechanical engineering because I really love math and physics. I know it's not really difficult to excel in the States' broken education system, but I really have a passion for learning  and I am very excited to go to college. And the doctor thought I would be handicapped! I know we all make mistakes, and I don't blame the doctor for advising an abortion. One day though, I think I'll write him a letter.
1	People focus so much on the kills and stats that they miss the meta decisions that result in these type of plays but fail to win games.   Doublelift gets farm in order to do these plays at the cost of objectives and money for his team.  Literally he is costing his team money by getting a few thousand gold advantage and allowing the team as a whole to match his gains.  Thus when it comes to teamfights, one of 3 things happen end game. Double lift goes down, team falls. Double can't kill the team as fast as his dies (when he is ez mostly). He can kill the other team before his falls.   Guess what happens against most teams? One of the first 2. You lose objectives you lose map presnece, you allow the other team to gain global gold advantages, you will lose the game more often than not.   This is why you can't just put Doublelift on another team and expect these types of performances AND win games. He either won't get farm he does or the same thing will happen.   This is why players like Imp and even Sneaky are better for the TEAM.
1	IMO, there a large way between the fiction and the reality.   i mean, dude did u noticed today about this?   this is a problem that we carried since the game starts, with more or less huge of toxic ppl, if you do the same the same gona feedback to you allways.   you must change the mentality about it, i mean the community is toxic? ok, but in all cases you dont play this game for the community isn't you? you play this game to get funny.   it's what a game is designed for...   if people flame, there is a button to mute.   if people trolls.... shit happens, grow up and go again.   if people dont listen you, then you must improve your carring mechanics to bus your team to the win.   i saw bronzies carring guys with 0/15 score(no smurfing!), nothing it's imposible until u think it is.   and ofc the game gona dc people, gona contains lags or inestability, but u cant do nothing with this all the people fight against this every day ^^^
1	Ok well I've been programming for many years and here's how it works:   First of all, they always tell beginner programmers that global variables are bad because if you suck at programming you'll abuse them and screw it up. On top of that, using 'local' variables teaches you about scope, which is something that you don't learn if you only use globals. So it would make sense that they taught you that, giving you a completely incorrect view of their usage, for your own good. Keep this in mind when trying to teach people things on the internet in the future :)   Second of all, in c++ there is a thing called a pre-processor directive. These are used a LOT in order to make the compiled code as efficient as possible. the most obvious is WIN32_LEAN_AND_MEAN, which is used when compiling .dlls to save overhead with unused header data members.   It is VERY COMMON (read: Standard) to have a debug mode in your program that is turned on/off with a pre-processor directive   //#define PRG_DEBUG //uncomment to enable debug mode    Above is a line of code I literally just copy pasted from one of my programs.   The fact that riot has allowed running debug code  multiple times in a few weeks  to get to live is frankly embarrassing.
0	I only had 1 boss who was inconsistent with pay. Fuck that guy. He's out there living in a 3 floor house in the nice part of town, had bought 2 new cars in a month, enrolled his twins in a super fancy daycare to allow his wife to be the book keeper (we had virtually no books kept - we had receipts that I had written to track orders). Meanwhile I was making $7.50 (with $7.25 being minimum). He was 6 weeks late with pay. Come to find out, he had extended every penny of credit he could get, and wasn't bringing in money. He waited to tell me this at the end of the 6 weeks. There was no insurance at the job, and I got canned because I missed a week of work due to a kidney infection keeping me in bed at the next payday (8 weeks late). When I was hired, there was no contract or statement of benefits, but he told me I would get a week of vacation a year and the week of Christmas off - the week I missed with doctor's documentation was the week of Christmas. He told me he was firing me because he didn't appreciate me constantly asking him for my paycheck every call. He never paid me because my timecard was pieces of paper where I wrote my time in and out. He destroyed those for the 2 months, so there was no record that I was asked to be there.
1	What I used to do as jungles is damage trade a little with the solo lanes while I have blu. This gives laminate advantage for my team. What u have to be able to do is timing again. You need to be able to clear your jungle and put little pressure out. I used to get double buff. Then go side lane for one or two q into one target. You also need to be able to communicate with you midlander to assist you if u need at red because some quicker junglers like to 2v1 stomp you at your red so they can destroy your paths. Getting ahead of the game and knowing where the enemy jungler is, is very important as a not WW IMO. Support of you team may also want to help you CVing where you ping.
1	I didn't realize that the fanbases of League of Legends were concentrated around Taiwan and Singapore. If my memory serves me correctly the demographic for League of Legends' player base is heavily centered around China and Korea, hence the greater amount of money sponsors are willing to throw into their scenes.   Plus, this is Inven. Sorry that a Korean site is not reporting about people from other countries.   EDIT: And wait a second, "consoling" Koreans? First of all, one thread on Reddit highlighting a problem is  NOT  consoling anybody. It's just highlighting a story that's been going on in a website many American's can't (or don't) read. Second of all, the thing here is that, prior to this announcement, fans in Singapore and Taiwan weren't expecting anything out of the S4 Worlds in their region. If the entire thing was held in Korea then they wouldn't have any reason to be angry or disappointed because the option wasn't even discussed as being on the table. If the entire thing isn't held in Korea, then Koreans have every right to be angry and disappointed because having all of S4 Worlds in Korea seemed like the only option on the table from Riot's press before this announcement.
1	For those playing for the first time (and veterans as wells), please do NOT become a person in ranked that you don't want to play with, and ain't talking about feeding, I'm talking about being a douche to your teammates.   Seriously, you gain absolutely nothing to be mistreating people, the only thing you can get with poor behavior is a troll or an AFK.   Also, do NOT start blaming your team in all chat, that make you look even more like an asshole, and if I'm in the other team I actually going to use that against you because I already know that you are in a bad mood, and normally people in bad mood play worse   >If life give you lemons, make them rage quit.   Instead, be the player that actually try to calm down people and make them focus on objectives, you don't know the things you can recover from until your team gets clean Aced but you still win thanks to Winions.   If someone is bullying during the game, and won't stop, mute that player and keep playing, don't get in a fight with that person, is NEVER worth it. Just report it at the end.   Also reports DO work, we did a experiment with a friend and he got 26 chat restricted games (he was being an assholes in game, but if he finds out it was us, he would kill us D: )
1	i'd say that hes back in action, atleast as an ad bruiser, not sure, if going ap, will work. Tried him jungle first after the patch, went 5/2/2 and won. went top next against an AP Yi, who got camped by their jungling Tryndamere, i went 16/2/0, yet i didn't get any ganks, Then i tried top again, against an AP bruiser Nidalee, it was a quiet laning phase, since we could both escape each time we were about to die, so it was pretty much just about farming that game, went 4/3/2, their jungler ganked once, my jungler didnt gank even once, so i kinda forced to stay top instead of roaming, so i wouldn't loose my lane.
0	That's a really hard question to answer. Ever since I was a kid I've looked down on others. Kinda thought of myself as 'elite' amongst them all. I never had many friends (probably related to that).   Fast forward a few years: an unhappy kid, depressed and annoyed with the world.   By some stroke of luck, I got some friends. Funny how your outlook and attitude can change with a few people you care about.
1	would you be able to tell me how big they actually are?   They are big enough to use the threat of "having to" fire employees or cut their hours to below the new cutoff of 30 hr/week over the passing of Obama's healthcare act because if they were forced to provide health care per the act they would have to increase the price of their pizzas by 11-14 cents each.
0	This is like the opposite of what happened when my grandmother died. I had to fly to England from the states on a Friday night after work, and come home Tuesday. The company held my pay for the Monday and Tuesday I missed because I didn't have the proper funeral home paperwork proving I was at a funeral. (something I couldn't get because it's not something they do in England apparently) In order to get paid, AND not get written up for unexcused absence was to bring my ticket stubs, the little card with my grandmothers picture on it from the funeral, a photo of me with my grandmother that they could check against the photo of her on the card, and a copy of my birth certificate proving that my mother's maiden name and the name of my grandmother were the same, and that my mothers birthplace was England. After all that I finally got paid, then got fired a month later for mislabeling a package (total cost to the company $5)
0	Feminism is gender specific in name.   That's because it's 100+ years old.  I modern corollary is the "Gay Rights Movement".  Gay Rights isn't about giving rights to gay people that are denied to straight people... it's about equality for people of all sexual identities.  The fact that it's name is specific to one sub-group is because that is a notable subgroup that is lacking their basic rights.  Feminism started the same way;  it's for gender equality, but was named for the group that was lacking rights.   > Feminism is gender specific in message   Well yeah, it mostly focuses on women.  Because (for the most part) men don't need that much help.   Now I need to be clear here.  I'm  not  saying that men have everything perfect.  Gender roles  definitely  hurt men as well.  But when you put things on a theoretical scale, it's clear that women are more disenfrachised and men are more empowered, on a societal level (your individual results may vary).   So the end result is that feminism focuses  more  on womans' rights, but it  also  pays attention to the general abolishment of gender roles.  While feminists will campaign strongly for little girls to play with legos, they'll also advocate for little boys to have dolls.   On your 2 topics at the end, I fundamentally disagree.   For one, I don't think equality is about "lowering" anyone.  It should be about raising us all up to the same level.  You seem to think that feminists need to do things that detriment women in order to be advocating equality, but being a detriment to  anyone  is bad.   I also think the main goals of feminism are  universally good .  It doesn't need to target a specific group in many instances, because it's just good for all of us.   Here's an example; feminism is against the idea that women are weak caregivers and men are strong breadwinners.   Now an obvious way this sees play is for gender equality in the workforce, the glass ceiling, all of that.  But let's look at another side of this:   Custody battles.   Currently, women win custody battles in 90% of cases.  You may be thinking "Yeah, gender equality should fight against that!".  Well... feminism is.   The reason women are awarded custody is because our society says that a woman's role is as a caregiver.  By erroding this societal standard, there will be a shift in the way these court decisions are decided.  For every new stay at home dad supported by his working wife, it becomes easier to award custody to a man.   By the same token, men pay far more in child support than women do.  This is because of the gender role that men are the breadwinners.   Again, feminism is very very against this.  The more women we have in the workforce, though, the easier it becomes to decide that a man should be awarded custody  and child support payments  from his ex-wife.  Something that is currently nearly unheard of.
0	I can't believe how many people follow them. They cherry pick/use corrupted scientific studies to support there theory that being overweight is as healthy/healthier than average healthy weight.   For example the one dude/dudette who did a study of the lifespan of fat people against healthy weight people. Yes, he/she did do it and said fatter people live longer, but his/her study was disproved as most of the healthy weight people where smokers  alcoholics, etc. Whereas the heavier set people didn't do those things. TiTP used and tried (not sure if they still are using it, wouldn't surprise me) to use/support this study after its corruption was proven.   Then they go on to complain about being discriminated for being fat or when they are called whales, and say things such as "those dumb skinny bitches, they are all whores".   Also, they have the nerve to compare "fat discrimination" to homosexual discrimination and racism. The majority of the time, being fat is a choice, whereas being gay or black (unless your Michael Jackson) is not a choice.   Thin Privilege: I'm so tired of having to deal with my fat consequences, I'll just blame it all on people who have thin benefits!
1	In season two tier one boots were 50 move speed and every champion was 25 move speed slower(they moved 25 from boots 1 into every champions base). So boots were a lot more important and since the jungler would also have boots due to machete not being in the game if you didn't get them it would be almost impossible to escape a jungle gank.   Also all of the dorans items were 475 in addition to losing the move speed from the boots. Lifesteal quints were not popular due to being a recent addition so the potions on an ad carry were fairly valuable as well.
0	I sincerely don't recall myself or op bringing up anything about the people/groups that use religion as their medium to oppress, harm, and kill so you can stop attacking that straw man. While using the term religious fanatic does imply terrible extremist groups such as the crusades or the radical jihad, it also depicts those who are devoted to their faith. You should seriously consider educating yourself instead of blindly accepting what you re fed from the media because I m pretty sure that op is referring to the latter accepted use of the term. Obviously op would not compare some of the atrocities done "in the name of god" to the actions of an atheist who is annoyingly devoted to spreading their knowledge.
0	At risk of being branded a liberal tree hugging hippy, I think the answer is somewhere between.   I agree that there should be a genuine effort my new immigrants to this country to speak the native language, but I also think there is no reason there shouldn't be a reciprocated effort to communicate with them on our side.  I'd be willing to bet that it would solve several common problems that evolve around current alienation / segregation between born U.S. Citizens and immigrants.   I grew up in California and because of it I picked up enough Spanish to survive.  It actually exposed me to entirely different trains of thought than my friends who couldn't communicate with them and just made assumptions about their intent.  It also meant that the people I was talking to in Spanish gained an interest to communicate with me in English, where they likely wouldn't have put forward that effort otherwise.
0	I just recently won back some downvotes when in an athiest vs thiest debate. He downvoted every one of my posts because he disagreed with  him  me until I copypastad reddiquette rules for downvoting.
1	Ummm, farming GP Q is far superior than harassing with it. First off, CS refunds half the cost, and the extra gold makes up for any denied or missed creeps.   It differs from Veigar because he only gains 1 AP which doesn't translate into Mid game as much as some extra gold for that big item or pots. Secondly, Veigar can follow up with an AA for better harass and has kill pressure when he gets the enemy low. Against GP you just need to clear the creeps if he tries to harass you since he can't clear and with no reliable CC he lacks kill pressure. Lastly, GP can afford to give up the lane pressure and be harassed as he has a self heal.
1	No, I don't use third party software, but I used to. I realized that the threat of getting caught wasn't worth the benefit I was getting so I stopped. But basically you can't tell at all. Some are simply jungle timers that are better than the in-game ones, and you would have no way to detect that. Others are ones that let you know when minions get to low enough health that you can AA them and kill them, so you wouldn't be able to tell the difference between someone who is good at cs'ing and someone using this. Other things are like visual indicators like tower rangers or gank alerts. Basically, most 3rd party software only ENHANCES the player by giving a handicap. So, last hit marker helps with last hitting, gank alert helps people who are too focused on other things to see a gank coming, tower range for people that want to more accurately poke around tower. Nothing is overtly "Cheating", in the sense that there are no mods I know of they give you vision of the entire enemy team. Most of the 3rd party stuff i've seen just makes it so you can play at a level slightly higher than you do now.
1	Obviously, the LoL game engine is better for a MOBA game than the WC3 engine. I don't know why people are being wishy washy about it it...   The WC3 engine was made to play RTSs, and the map editor allows you to shape a game from that foundation. The map editor's features are certainly limited in this respect. LoL's engine was made specifically to play a MOBA game. The way I think of it, it's like playing basketball in your driveway as opposed to on a real court/gym :P   The real advantage for LoL or HoN is that they aren't relying on a completely separate game for people to play LoL or HoN, in other words, they're not custom maps in a standalone game. They don't have to worry about what features Blizzard will/won't add (mostly the latter) to the game. They are not building a game from a map editor provided by another game, for specific use in that game. Riot owns their game, so if they want to add/remove/change something, they totally can.   You know that graphic update that Riot wants to do? I'd say the simple fact that they CAN do that (since you know, it's THEIR game) speaks for itself. Even so, I doubt that update will be soon, but a company's resources are a different matter.
1	This, this 100% this, but I want to elaborate on this for a bit. Ive had my share of low elo (300+ games sitting from 1000-1200elo), so I think i can confidently talk about the failings and the successes of people there. I think the key issue is that people at average elo or below tend to from what I see not acknowledge mistakes on their own part. People either do not know what a mistake looks like (most often micro like playing out a combo wrong with skills or poor item buying), or do not take blame for a mistake that they have made because of pride (mostly macro mistakes like diving at turret too early, starting teamfights without being situationally aware, poor gank calls, etc). Because they don't admit they were wrong they don't watch replays, or watch streams in effort to get better (which is a probably in part also to a lack of client integrated replays, or streams). They don't see their mistakes, they don't consciously try to stop making their mistakes and so they don't gain more skill.   The other thing I've found is that because this holds true for everyone in a game, in most cases team oriented strats don't work. Teams aren't going to be able to coordinate aoe ultis effectively, or coordinate counterjungling attempts impromptu because they simply don't know how to. You cant rely on your teammates that you know are going to make mistakes (this includes listening to pings). So the way I've found out to winning games at my elo is that the only way to guarantee victory in a game is to completely ruin your enemy laner, after which/while doing so you can roam and sway other lanes(depending on your skill), all with minimal interference from your jungler. teams at this elo wont know what to do with a 0/5 player or an 0/6 bot lane, so you will still win if you still play teamfights smart and lead well (aka ping to tell people to stop chasing, and take objectives when you can), even when your teammates throw*.   *within fucking reason, if they start suiciding to turrets for 150 gold kills or blowing all their ultis to kill the support and not the 12/0 carry , then starting teamfights there's no saving you.
0	Yep. I mean I don't wish I was dead most of the time, ever since I moved out of my mothers' house and out of school, but I lived with her on weekdays almost my entire life, everyone in my close family smoked, my dad quit when I was around 8.   When I was young I still lived at my grandparents' house with my mom who didn't smoke during her pregnancy but I think she started again when I was around 2 or 3. I can still remember not wanting to be downstairs when she was home because the entire living room area down there was clouded by smoke. My grandparents' smoked a lot too, but it wasn't as bad and they were very considerate of me.   My mom refused to quit. "oh it's how I deal with stress QQ I need to smoke." So 3-11 year old me had to deal with it. Luckily we moved out into her BF/fiance's house later for a couple years (both smokers) and since it was a much bigger house and I didn't really do anything except go on the computer (upstairs) and my room was in the basement it was fine until they broke up/started fighting.   his daughter was going to visit and she almost died in a car accident and he lost his job. He was actually very smart, he helped develop the Canadarm for the ISS (or so I was told). After that the usual fights about money started (of course) but he got another pretty good job installing satellite dishes. Anyways, they broke up and got together a couple times after that. It was very confusing for 12/13 year old me.   Anyways after that we moved back into my grandparents' for a year and after that moved into an apartment complex for a year and then since then a condo. Just to paint a picture of how hypocritical she is:   I had a good friend who helped me out with getting me out of a depressed slump when I was 15. My mom was out of town for a week and my friend asked if I could look after her cat for a couple days while she sorted things out with her parents', so I did. My mom flipped when I told her and demanded I get rid of it. The year after that, with 0 warning she starts dating a guy and lets him live with us (I don't think I ever met him during the day or got to know him at all) and was told to deal with it. Yea, I can't hold onto a fucking cat for a week but she gets to shove some new guy into my life for 2 fucking years.   I moved out after they were having an argument which I decided to join in which caused me to move out. That was probably 8 months ago and I have only spoken to her once since then (christmas) which I only did for my grandmother.
0	Performance wise, the Exige seems like a really fun car to own and drive. I don't care for the aesthetics though. I think it's the bug eye headlights that ruin it for me.   As for the Ferrari, I'll take an F12 Berlinetta please :)   Edit: Speaking of Lotus, the 2014 Esprit looks amazingly sexy   Edit2: Apparently this is the [2015(?) Elise]( concept. Want.
0	If/when you make the move, please don't take it back. My guy friend that I've had feelings for, for a while, made the move from friendship to more. We were pretty close and snuggly on my bed when he suddenly got up and said "I can't do this right now." He puts his shoes on, looks at me and says "I'm sorry, OhTheMemories" and walks out the door. I've gotten over it since, but gosh darn that rejection hurt.
1	No that gets way too complicated when it comes to matching.  So then some of the options for wanting to go top become...   > Top with damage duo bot lane > Top with support duo bot lane > Duo top bruiser bot > Duo top adc bot   It just gets ridiculous.  You have to account for all the different strategies (like sending two top) as well as for different metas such as potentially having an ADC play alone in bottom... or any of the other countless metas.
1	Waste their time, if your lane is camped, yeah you will lose that lane while its camped, CS at turret to the best of your ability. Make sure camping the lane doesn't pay off. If they camp lane, it will get pushed to your turret, then you start getting more EXP, less gold maybe, but ultimatly if the jungler is camping your lane, they are losing more gold and EXP than you will be. Use the time where the jungler is camping your lane to take map objectives. Lets say you are top, and you have jungler + top lane camping you.   Here are some things that can be done while they do this.   1 dragon. You're jungler + AP mid + AD bot + support = 4 players, they have 2 players top, if they want to fight it will be a 4v3, let alone if you're playing lets say GP, and have a global ult to assist in teamfights, making it like a 4.5 vs 3.   2 invade their red. Really easy, really safe. If bot lane is spotted, jungler can safely take their red.   3 invade and steal their blue. This is a bit more risky, but i'm assuming that if you know their jungler is camping top, that you have a ward, and you will be able to see if they leave   4 counter gank. Get your mid and jungler to show up, bait them out a bit by playing stupidly, mid + Jungler + you should force a kill, if you kill the jungle top lane you can go and steal blue or go and take dragon easily (no smite if the jungler is dead)   5. Just wait it out, as I said before, jungler camping = him not getting farm or exp. You will ultimately still get exp (unless you were pushing stupidly before the camp top which is your fault). And depending on your top lane, you SHOULD still be able to get at least 4/6 CS at turret, if you're playing GP you can easily get 6/6 at turret, or even CS a bit further out with Q.
0	Not to mention the sleep deprivation. Jesus, that was rough. I had PPD after my first was born. It was exacerbated by the fact that there was a murder just a few streets down from where I was living. Daytime break-in, the burglar killed the people living there, a woman and her 15-year-old daughter, and was at large for some time before being caught. And here I was, alone in the house with a newborn all day while my then-husband was at work. I had a dog, but I had developed this fear that the dog would attack the baby if I left him alone at all. Like, I would lay the baby in his bassinet in my room, walk into the living room and if I didn't see the dog in the living room, I would become convinced that she had gone into my room and was going to kill the baby. It was weird. So I'm sleep-deprived, scared of my loyal dog, jumping at every sound because I'm sure it's the killer coming for me and my baby, and starving because I can't put the baby down long enough to feed myself, because if I put the baby down, the dog will kill him. OH, and I nearly forgot--I also feared that I wasn't forming an attachment to the baby. I had read this awful book all about the terrible things that happened to people who didn't bond with their parents in the first year of life, and whenever I looked at my baby, all I could think was "This was a terrible mistake. I don't feel anything at all for him." At the same time, I was terrified to ask for help, because I thought they would take my baby away and throw me in jail if I admitted that I was having trouble bonding. That was a long six months.   Things were a lot better the second time around. I was five years older for one thing, and that helped a lot. I also asked for help before the wave of post-partum hormones struck. At one of my pre-natal appointments, I told the midwife about my experience with my son, and they set me up with a social worker who visited me at home once a week for the first three months. I would be able to call her if I needed her more often, and if I still didn't feel safe and strong after three months, her time with me would be extended. It was so helpful, just knowing someone was there to help me. My son was a kindergartner at this point, and so dazzled by his new baby sister that I couldn't put the baby down because he would pick her up and rock her to sleep whenever I did. He was old enough to fetch me string cheese and orange juice from the fridge, and he learned to make a mean peanut butter sandwich as well, so I wasn't as hungry this time around. Still sleep-deprived as fuck, though.
1	just won a game where they had nasus feeding rumble 0/6 and i was jungling without smite. Managed to win by my aoe ulti plays.
1	To those of you who claim doing simple math such as adding 5,6,7 to the current time is easy and should not be a skill. Having a human being personally calculate the timers themselves incorporates the chance of failure.   A miscalculation on baron could literally turn a game around or help a team catch up based on the buff/gold itself or the simple presence and pressure of the buff/bosses existence on the field. Also, having a giant ticking timer on the top of your screen pretty much assures all teammates will be ready for an objective to be up instead of the typical, dragons up and we're top lane because we forgot about the spawn time. (EVEN THOUGH, WE TYPED IT IN CHAT WHEN WE KILLED IT)   Bot has tower ranges and such which is designed to teach players the range of towers. Implementing this into bot games let's new players understand timers for bosses on the map. Great idea!
0	As a subject, people give English Lit a lot of shit, but  writing/arguing effectively are probably the most valuable and challenging skills you can learn for a wide variety of focuses.   Completely agree with this when the first part is removed. The focus on English Literature is just plain incorrect. The focus should be on composition, logic, grammar - the stuff that one actually needs to effectively communicate and argue.   I wish my grammar and composition was better, but most of the time it is irrelevant as students aren't effectively taught this and it isn't apparent.   A high school graduate should be able to communicate and argue effectively, no question. Having read "the classics" or "good books" is not that important as a core skill. Certainly when you can't articulate an argument.   I didn't have problems with many of my English teachers taking an opposition view. But that was with communicating my reasons relatively well.
0	airplane flight post it to reddit. Get of of plane maddness get to hotel bone for days.
1	I can't play support that good.   Support is basically the only role you need to know how to play, to play ranked, as it's a basic backup role if you're in the lower pick part. Most of the time you can fall back on playing support if you didn't get your main role, but you can't fall back on mid because most of the time it's already taken.   Also the worst player gets forced to play support, so if you're a medicore support you can be sure that your enemy support will be bad...   You don't even need to know many champs, as many supports can be basically picked into every comp...
1	Oh, not at all! Rather, he was seeing a lot of play recently, and is  extremely  hard to shove out of lane after his first few levels; his stustain is what makes him extremely strong after most lane sustain has been nerfed somewhat. Most top lane champions who used to get an early Vamp Sceptre no longer get it nearly as often. Excess sustain is why Rengar got hit as well.   All of that combined - mostly the attention - causes Riot to look at champions and say "Why is this champion popular? Is (s)he too strong? Too weak? How? Why? Should we do something about it?"   Usually, we see this most prominently with champions who receive  too much  attention, especially when people finally learn how to play champions. This is most prominently shown with release Irelia and Orianna. People believed these champions to be trash. Now, especially with Irelia, they're getting tweaked constantly. These are most often in the form of nerfs, which hardly impact the champion much, in Irelia's case, since it's her whole kit that makes her so damn strong. The Season Three items essentially fixed that, though it may have been a  wee bit  too much.   Now, with Cho'Gath, it's a different story! And here is where the awesome kicks in. For a very long time, Hotshot was just about the only Cho'Gath player in the competitive scene worldwide; And anybody else who played him was severely below his level. Just because Hotshot's playstyle meshes with the champion so well. Hotshot is patient, and works slowly and methodically in lane and teamfights. This is why I  still  think Hotshot is among the best - if not,  the  best - Cho'Gath in the world. It's best summed up by a conversation between Saintvicious and Doublelift (Sadly, "Confirmed on Saint's stream; how droll) right around when Liftlift joined CLG:   "Have you ever seen any Cho play as good as Hotshot?"   "Soaz kinda, I guess. Malunoo."   "No, they suck. Did they win tournaments with Cho? Did they even win any games or single engagements  because  of Cho?"   "I'd have to go check-"   "Nah, mang. Don't check replays. They ain't as good as Hotshot. Have you seen the Ruptures Hotshot lands? He holds that shit until he knows he can either get a major pickoff or hit more than one person. Just that  threat  of his godlike ruptures means he can walk at the entire enemy team and scare the shit out of him."   I'll let you guess who's who there.   Essentially, Cho'Gath's kit is also what makes him awesome! Though, it takes a lot more patience than most other champions. You can be quick and rash and aggressive with Cho, but you have potentially the  highest  gain out of  almost  any other champion by just threatening to even land a good Feral Scream, let alone a Rupture that could land onto multiple people. What makes Cho'Gath so amazing is that he's the beefiest, largest, most thick moving wall in the game. He's capable of single-handedly zoning entire teams away from an area or a choke point, granted he's in position first. He's the one champion that synergizes the most with map control - sans those with global potential of course - and  that  is just part of what makes him so threatening.   Singed, Nunu, Blitzcrank and Leona also do this very well  by themselves . Outside of that, Karthus, Anivia, Orianna and Lulu, as well as potentially Nami can do this with varying levels of team support, though they cannot do this  with their bodies . They effectively turn choke points into death traps. Anivia can do this by herself, Karthus needs light team support, and Orianna, Lulu and Nami require follow-up.   Of course, there are many other champions that can do this as well, such as Nasus and Trundle and even Rumble and Irelia, etc etc...But they threaten with high damage on the side along with team support. It's not often you get a champion that can wade through the enemy team for ten full seconds, but Cho'Gath is one of them.   If you're skilled with Cho'Gath, it is entirely your skill. You land one rupture on more than one person, and  you  won that teamfight for your team. Be it peeling or diving. Whereas Irelia needs a lot more conditions bent around killing the opposing carry in order to  come out looking good  in a teamfight.   ...Take all of this with a grain of salt and assuming  relatively  equal gold between two teams.
1	Actually it's probably more per day on average. I took about 6 months off from LoL. During that period TT was re-launched. The new version was out for maybe 4-5 weeks before I played my first match. After that I played  a lot . I just recently hit 1k wins on normals with my main. I've only seen one person with higher games played than me on one account. Factoring in my losses, ranked wins/loses, alts, and helping a friend level an account I estimated my games to be over 3k. It may be slightly less it may be more. If you have a few hundred games played odds are we've crossed paths.   I had semi-relevant reasons why I was playing so much. But that has started to fade. In addition to that I picked up PoE again and my workload at my job has increased exponentially.   It's been pointed out to me a couple times on the LoL forums how much I had to have played in order to get the total I have. And my reaction is very similar to the gif above.   Btw drugs are very real my friend.   This
1	She doesn't want to ban gambling, drugs, alcohol and gaming. She wants to make money off of it. All these things are very profitable for the ones in charge of them. It's impossible to ban any of these things. The best thing someone can do to deal with it is to be corrupt. Meaning letting the people think you are getting rid of bad things, while actually making tons of money with it.
1	Hmm.... Basically, someone wanted to make something special for his friend, who's awesome. He decided to post on the LoL's boards to ask Riot and players if they wanted to send mystery gifts to his friend. That post got a lot of attention, and Riot indeed sent a mystery gift to that friend, which is a really nice thing, imo.   But then, as it was getting more and more attention, someone else posted on Reddit that they were that one guy who asked for Riot to make something special for his friend. But it obviously was a fake, as the grammar/punctuation were a lot worse than the original, and he was asking for a Paypal donation.   Then, I asked the original post's owner if it was him, just to make sure. And it appears that it wasn't. So, it was a fraud. Case solved. :D
1	I played WoW, for a long while, successful guild too, we had girl gamers in our guild. Guess what, they integrated in our guild, they didn't create their own elite pve raiding guild which stated "girls only". We had fun with them, they had fun with us, and there was mutual respect.   Thing with team siren is that their promotional video is so bad, that there is an entire bandwagon about it. There is another asian girls team, something with angels? that's a much better presentation video.
1	My build is mostly start with dorans, on your first back get a tear and (depending on your gold and wether your flash is up or not) another dorans or boots, then get a brutalizer. After that Id recommend you building a defensive item, frozen heart, banshees veil, spirit visage or randuins (in your endbuild it should be veil and heart OR omen and sv, to not overcap too hard on cdr, if you have like 9k gold spare, then go for 2 defensive cdr items). Then finish manamune (you can also finish that one after the spectres cowl or glacial shroud) and the cleaver->another defensive item->last whisper. You could even build a frouen fist or triforce last. Obviously start and max Q first, second skill to max is w 95% of the time. Set up ganls with its slow. You can spam your q quize a bit before your first back, but dont spam your w and e, if you have ~300 tear stacks you can use those more often.
1	You must be not looking very hard. The last major update on them was made about 2 weeks ago, and in fact, is in the Recent News section of the sidebar. If you're lazy, it's [here](
1	Anyone got a solution with how to change this on Windows 8.1 Skype? You can get to options, but there is no advanced button.
0	If your boss is not going to provide a reference, you can at least request the minimum in NZ which is a letter stating how long you worked there, what you role title was and how much you earned. If he doesn't want you to leave, just explain to your new prospective employer the truth, once you have handed in your notice, (provided you are accepted for the new position) he really has no reason to hold back on the reference.
1	This is just a minor thing. The point is pros/celebrities are always expected much more than the average person. Froggen represents League of Legends by being one of the top players in the world, and he should act like it too. If I were a random person who didn't play League of Legends and I would see a guy who is a professional League gamer who makes a lot of money and plays all over the world talk shit like Froggen did, I would think League of Legends is just a game for kids who like to flame and be arrogant, somewhat like Call of Duty.   It's not about "treating Froggen like a human". It's about Froggen respecting his "pro status" and acting accordingly. THIS is the one and ONLY reason video games are still considered childish or a waste of time by many people - because people like Froggen (and pretty much 90% of pro players) make it seem like it really is a bunch of little kids with their nose held high telling everyone else that they suck.   eSports will never ever be as big/mainstream as other forms of media/sports until people like Froggen are started to be considered unfitting for professional play, since they are not professional whatsoever. This is also the reason why I don't root for any American or European teams - because they're mostly a bunch of kids who happen to be really good at the game (I'm talking about their attitude, not their age. I'm only 20). Just my 2 cents. (and please don't downvote me just because I said I don't like TSM)
0	They come from two specific roots: 'th-' words come from Proto-Germanic [* sa ]( oblique '* a- ', a determiner meaning "that"; and 'wh-' words coming from [* hwaz ]( a general interrogative pronoun.   Specifically to OP's question, there were two types of adverbial extensions to these roots, * hwa-n , "at what time", * hwa-r , "at what place", and * a-n , "at that time", * a-r , "at that place".   In West Germanic languages, * hwan  and * an  were further extended to * hwannai  and * annai , with what I assume is a locative suffix, but with the same general meaning. These last two are the direct ancestors of English 'when' and 'then/than'.   "What" and "that" both come from the neuter nominative forms of these two roots.   There was also a second determiner, [* hiz ]( meaning "this". It more or less crumbled apart and became the basis for English third person pronouns: "he", "him", "her", and "it" all come from this root. But the original meaning still lives on in the adverbial extension * hr/*hi-ar , "this place", source of modern English "here".   A little more on the 'wh-' words: "who", "whom", "what", "why", and "how" all come from it as well, originally being the inflectional cases on the one root. "Who" and "what" are descended from the masculine and neuter nominative, * hwaz  and * hwat , respectively; "whom" comes from the dative case, * hwammai ; "why" and "how" each come from a variation of the instrumental case, * hw  and * hw , respectively.   The back rounded vowel in * hw  caused the approximant /w/ to disappear in English "how", leaving only the original voiceless velar fricative, which regularly became /h/ word initially, but disappeared in front of other consonants.
0	If boys had vaginas they'd realize that queefing is no grosser than farting. And if boys could fart out of their dicks, girls would probably think it was even grosser than ass farting, and be hypocritical in thinking so. Gross is gross, I don't see why lacking the necessary parts makes it grosser.
1	You can't classify a champ as the BEST, but there are a few who teach the basics much better than others.     * SoloTop-Gangplank. // Teaches great map awareness through his ultimate.    * Middle-Veigar // Teaches how to farm properly, and the importance of farm. Also great for nuking late. {As an alternitive Annie is strong, great to learn how to last hit with}    * AD Carry-[Many champs are great here, just my personal 2 favorites for learning] Ashe // Easy to last hit with, excellent map awareness with E although it has a long cool down, and her ultimate is a great initiator.                  *Caitlyn // Amazing poke potential, teaches you how to balance harass and farming.    *Support-Soraka // Pretty much gives you the basics of support, can't get much simpler then healing hp and mana. Can also teach map awareness with ulti.    *Jungler-Lee Sin // Best example of requiring to land skill shots imo. His Q is the bread and butter skill of his ganks, so if you miss it you're screwed. In the best case, you hit a minion near the gankee(?) and land an E.
1	She is UP because she can't realy be buffed. She is a late-game orrientated champion, with a better lategame than Ziggs AND Nidalee.   The fact which makes me say that, is that Lux is super safe later in the game, her kit basicaly allows for no counterplay. She will just spam Q until she hits something that she likes, and then she will probably try to 1 shot it with E+R. All this, from 900 range away.   Add to that the fact that she has actual CC (nid doesn't) and her spells are AOE (nid is single target). She also has an AOE shield which will shield for stupid amounts late game (Ziggs doesn't have team utility).   So yeah, I think that he concept is broken and that's why Riot can't buff her. Think of the absurd fact that her E has 60 base damage at lvl1 with a 0.6 (?) ratio, while Gragas Q has 80 base damage with previously a 0.9 ratio, now nerfed to 0.8 .   If she had normal damaging spells, she would be broken as fuck, so her passive makes up for the lack of damage in her spells, which she can't use though due to the assasin meta which dominated S3 and seems to continue.
0	This is more important than living with for sure. You can live with friends sometimes and have it be positive. Obviously some aren't and you learn and move on.   MONEY and friendship is a bad recipe. Be it a loan, a group purchase, or a business. I've lost friends out right and lost depth to other relationships because of money.   One of my best friends that I've known for 20 something years dug himself a hole and needed to borrow 4300 dollars. I had it so I loaned it ..he was my buddy. We hung out almost daily. Had lived together.   I was flush at that time amd told him just make monthly payments. If you're sitting good make a bigger pay,ect if not..hell give me 50 bucks. I should have known almost immediately as he missed paying at all the first three months but he said I'm just finishing off my debt that you helped with and once I'm ahead I'm paying. After three months he did start paying. It was almost always 20 dollars. No huge deal I thought because hey he is making payments and I don't need the money.   Times goes on and he gets a new gf and moves to a city 20 mins away and I'm very busy running a 14000 watt three room marijuana grow house amd working about 50 hours a week as well. My life is busy and I don't notice at first that friend hasn't paid me in a few months. Don't see him as often as well. Catch up with him at the casino (I know right wtf is he doing at casino when he too broke to pay his own bills?) mention it and he pays me I believe 200 dollars that night. He was winning.   Fast forward 2 years or so (yes that long) and I've been robbed by some people of well let's say a lot of money ( can't put large amounts of cash in bank they report to IRS at any more than 9999.00) about 20 lbs of marijuana and stupidly of me ...my savings/profit.   Well when they robbed me they cut a hole in the wall of the house I was growing in and left a trail of marijuana debris all the way to the street. Police got involved (pre marijuana legalization) and even though I had used pseudonyms for bills and such I'm connected......you can't run a growing operation that big and let the power company see how use you have...it's massive and obvious....so the power was being stolen (yes my fault yes it was wrong).   So I'm neck deep deep in lawyer bills and fines as well as owing the power company a lot of money. Luckily I had an annuity account from my father passing that I cashed and paid for lawyer and most stuff involved with case and had some money hidden at my moms house. However I had to pay the power company monthly installments and I had a 700 dollar a month car payment...along with everything else.   Life isn't awesome anymore. I don't even have my annuity payments coming in...luckily I kept my job. So lucky there. I'm struggling though. Moved to a small cabin by the puget sound to reduce my bills and am kinda scraping by.   Ask my buddy hey man you still owe me money (like 3500 still) that would really help man...payments or a chunk of cash. This dude was skiing and partying wearing new shoes ect ect ect. Tells me times are tough man I'll try...I think he paid me another 1200 during a six month period. Then payments stopped again and he never came around. New diff gf new town.   Well my luck turned to shit and stayed that way. A year later my house burns down. I lost literally everything but the clothes on my back. Buddy is still living it up whenever I see him or hear about what he is up to. Dude doesn't even call me to say hey man I'm sorry your house burnt. People at work were giving me coats and shoes ect trying to help. People I didn't know (workmates friends) were helping me. Buddy didn't even offer me socks...or payment.   I went the fuck off on him one day. We never talk at all. He still owes me over 2k and sometimes I day dream about burning his truck.   I'm doing fine now. I lost a friend of two decades over money.   Sorry for extremely long post.
1	TF is actually great on Mega as well.  That extra MS is really helpful because of how slow he is.  It also makes his Auto weaving between stuns incredibly powerful as well since Mega form has high base damage.   Brutalizer is really useful in both forms, but the biggest value in it is the fact of how cheap it is.  You only pay like 1337 or so for additional damage + penetration + CDR.  Gnar just loves those stats and for how cheap it is compared to TF is just huge.
1	During the Summer Split, there really isn't much undeserved arrogance in North America (C9 plays with a swagger, but rightfully so). CLG, TSM, dignitas and Curse don't walk around saying they're the better team. North America hasn't been cocky at all in Season 3. A common misconception is that North America is unwilling to improve and adapt when there are clear attempts of NA trying to do so. Cockiness is not as pervasive as last season.   Many teams already look at what the Koreans do and understand why they do what they do and see if they adapt it to their own style. This is evident in how quickly it took Kennen to be a common pick in the first 5 or 7 games. This is also evident in the introduction of top Ryze and prevalence of double AP in North America. It is also evident in growing amount of comps based around split-push.   So what's the problem with North America? (From here on, it's about North America minus Cloud 9). Communication and execution - the standard problems that every North American team happens to be talking about.   It's no secret that teams at the highest level just play the game like it should be played; methodically and sequentially based on snowball. It's causality. There is no way to guarantee a strong mid-game if you don't have a strong early game. That is what North America is lacking at the moment - the ability to utilize early game through strong laning and jungle pressure to aggressively make plays and to execute.   The teams know this. How can you adopt a world meta when you can't execute as a team in the first place?
1	Long story inc.   My goal in season 3 was to get to silver. I was bronze 1 in my final promo, if I won, I would get silver, if I lost, I still had 2 more games. Unfortunately, that goal ended when my friend called my mom a savage over skype, and she heard it, and she went ape shit. So, that fueled my desire to get silver even more this season. Except that I got placed in bronze 4 after placements. Didn't play ranked at all until the summer. Over the summer I managed to get from bronze 4 to silver 5... and then silver 5 to gold 5. I not only managed to reach my goal, I surpassed it, and I became a much better league player because of it.
1	It really depends.  Sometimes you should camp a lane, sometimes you should just stand in a lane and push with your laner, and other times you should be everywhere on the map.  It really depends on the lane match up and the jungler you picked.   I don't want to type too much but I'll give two examples to show how you need to adapt to your character and the game.     Say you are olaf jungle.  Your other lanes are getting destroyed.  Not so much that they instadie to the other laner, but so much that they cant leave tower.  Now sometimes it might be helpful to gank for them.  But in this particular situation the lanes were so far gone that me trying to help them was pointless.  What I did was went top lane with our nidalee who was doing alright and I basically laned with her.  We just kept shoving down top and they couldnt stop us without sending 3+ people.  We destroyed them in a 2v2 top/jungler vs top/jungler since our combo was so strong.  This forced their mid to leave and basically let ours kill tower and roam.  We caught up in gold and won the game even though the enemy bot lane was up 4-5 kills and tower diving ours.     The next example is a nunu game.  Basically your goal is to make their jungler non-existant.  If he ganks you counter gank.  If he does something you screw him over hard for it.  You make it so he cant move.  If somehow via the enemy team out playing your laners or you letting their jungler gank end up with you and your team being behind, you won't be able to pull the same cheeky push top and win strategy that olaf/nid used to win in the earlier game.  So in this situation how you tackle the game is totally different.  You need to look for opportunities to give your team an advantage.  Sneaking early dragons or stealing blue from the enemy are all things you can do to try and come back.  However the biggest thing you can do to change the game is buy lots of wards for everyone and counter gank their jungler.  This will take a lot of effort on your part to explain to your team.  But basically if you are still close enough in the game to win a 2v2 when they overextend for a kill then this will work and is your best bet to win in a situation like this.  Ward up and have your laner bait a gank.  Then show up to counter gank and generally you will get a double kill or a spree and sometimes a dragon out of it.       Each of these situations is totally different because of the champions that are being used in the jungle and in other lanes.  It's not something you can just say do x or do y, but in a detailed description of something/replay you can usually work out the correct answer to winning or to camping.
0	WOAH! That's a super bummer, but i am in the (almost) exact same boat as you! Allow me to explain:   Right before Thanksgiving break, someone broke into my apartment (that I just moved into the month of Oct.) and stole our Macbook air, Nikon d3100, my Xbox slim, all 5 controllers, the only game I had at the time, Dark Souls, my controller for my pc, our glock 9, 'herbs', and tobaccooooo tube. Luckily, they left the pc and our tvs, which seemed to be too bulky to scatter with, since they only grabbed easy valuable stuff. It was the worst experience though; My girlfriend got home first and called me saying the gun case was laid out on the top of the stairs and called me thinking I had took it that day. Then our 2 cats were missing, and that's when it got heavy, she was balling her eyes out thinking the thieves took our 2 kitties. Luckily though they were just hiding in their little spots and came out when she called them a second time. I was actually at work when it happened, so it was even harder not knowing what was really going on, and having your gf hysterically crying over the phone trying to explain what happened was even more stressful. Oh and the apartment smelled like straight up musk, like sweaty unwashed dude. Anyway, cops came and we had serial numbers for our stuff and they are still investigating the matter. No luck as of yet though =(   But I say all this to relate to you, _tooOldForThisShit, because I too, am too old for this kind of shit. But you're not alone and the mental fear subsides after a couple of days. If you have serial numbers attached to your electronics that helps a lot or the track my iPhone/Prey software for laptops. Also, the cops don't check craigslist for stuff, usually they go to pawn shops and whatnot, so you may have to do a little investigating yourself on there. If you know you have like stickers or certain scratches/marks on the items that helps to identify if its yours or not, but let the cops know first before any superhero vigilante action. You'll be straight man, I wouldn't worry about them coming back, place is too hot for them to return, and they got what they wanted: quick items for quick cash, there are things more valuable and strangely enough, its stuff like this that gets you to realize. Be strong fellow redditor you are not alone!
