1	I do use the Tribunal and try to make a difference but the past 10 cases ive done were from 6months+ back. My internet is very bad most of the time so i do sit on there and try to help in my down times of lovely 500ms+, but most of the people just seem to want to ban everyone for things that are clearly not meant in bad taste.   People in the tribunal seem to not understand context to a situation, see a bad word and auto assume they should be punished for it.Remember, this community is pretty much 60% trolls, that means that more likely than not the people punishing other people, are not friendly players. The tribunal is basically a place where trolls, ban trolls for trolling trolls.   Not to mention my first hand experience with being punished(I've been punished once with a 5 game chat restriction after 2years of playing, this was about a month ago), with the cases linked i was obviously not pleasant to play with and it was clear that a punishment was needed, but the cases that were linked were all 1year + old and one was even an ARAM that i was reported for feeding in...   The biggest issue with Riots current system, as i have moaned about many times before, is that they focus on reforming rather than punishing. Yes, thats fine. But what is not fine is giving people punishments for actions that happened months before, people won't be able to see the relevance as they are not in the same mind set now as they were months ago.   Think about punishing a dog for pooping in your house. You don't wait 6months down the line after he pooped in your house, and then punish him. You rub his nose in it and show him what he did was bad, as soon as possible. This way he knows EXACTLY the behaviour he did which was wrong. Otherwise punishing behaviour of even a week late would just seem unrelated and people wouldn't understand why. (Also linking to an ARAM game as part of a report, really Riot why is that even allowed?)   You seem to have deluded yourself that you are making a difference by voting to ban people that in essence wouldn't change unless they got perma banned, which would take years, and thats all fine and dandy for some. But the fact that there are still millions of toxic games a day for every player obviously means something isn't being done correctly.   /Rant
1	Why should that stop me from giving my opinion on your opinion?   Well, to tell you the truth, in all this excitement I kind of lost track myself. But being as this is reddit and it has a lot of ppl(some of them idiots) voicing there opinion, It provides an excellent platform for drunk me to procrastinate and troll the fuck out of ppl. And If you feel bad about getting trolled; you've got to ask yourself one question: Do I feel lucky? Well, do ya, punk?
1	Seriously, holy fuck. Are people that desperate for 1000 RP to make a shit ton of threads about this? The game is fucking free. It's not the same as paying a subscription and have your days wasted because servers went down. I've played MANY subscription based games such as WoW and Ragnarok Online where servers will go offline for days and without any compensation.
1	In this case, 'mechanics' is more than knowing how/what to build for your character, or knowing how to play them. Mechanics means things like last hitting minions, knowing when/how to initiate teamfights, and knowing how to position yourself throughout the teamfight to be safe and do the most damage to the targets that need to be targeted.   Positioning comes through a lot of focus during your games, and will improve with time as you try to improve it.   Last hitting minions though, you can practice by yourself. Create an empty custom match and practice last hitting minions (only last hitting, don't push the lane if you can help it). Try to set goals, like 100 cs at 15:00. When you can achieve this, add a bot to the match to practice last hitting when there is unintelligent, aggressive harass. When you can do this fairly consistently, jump back into matchmaking, and you will outfarm, outbuilt, and outplay your opponents. I doubt many people at 500 elo hit 100 cs before 20 minutes. In your last ten games, you only have two matches with more than 100 cs at all.   You also mention that you rarely rage, but in your last ten games, you have two matches where you obviously trolled and bought 6 boots, and one leave. You won't reach your "true" elo if you troll or leave in 30% of your games.
1	They choked in the Promotion Tournament and now do not have a spot or chance to play against the relegated LCS teams and get into Spring LCS.  Poor management and sloppy play got them from a 2-0 on Friday to a 2-3 on Saturday.
1	I always was a tryhard in Normals (3k normal games, roughly 1.5k before i started ranked), but Ranked and Normal is a Night and Day Difference. Even though it's only an "imaginary point system" it puts pressure on you. You can give your all in Normals, but Ranked is something different. Even if you think that you don't give a shit about your rating, you do, everybody does. It's not easy to explain, but there certainly is a huge difference, between trying really hard in Normals and playing Ranked. Also, Normals are often times pretty bad for learning, because of huge MMR Differences. Lane Matchups are quite often really unbalanced, because people from all ranks are being thrown together. Hidden normal MMR should fix that, but it really doesn't.
0	It is quite rare to "be led on", is the thing. Most girls don't deliberately do that. In fact, if the man has confidence and makes his move it will never happen. I am not saying it's ethical for a girl to continue teasing a guy she has rejected, but the guy needs to take responsibility for his happiness and move on. Actually, in the case "leading on", it's nearly impossible for the guy to tell the difference between it being deliberate or just a factor of her personality, unless she admits it. By continuing to pursue a relationship under the guise of "friendship" and "being nice" without making his attraction/interest apparent OR continuing it after rejection, he is being unfair to her, and to himself.
0	As analogies go, I think you hit the nail on the head: associating a leader of a country, in spite of said leaders progressive attitudes, with the most backwards aspect of his country.   I can see how some might be upset, but I'd like to think that an image macro, by its very nature, gains something of a buffer against total logical dissertation. I think it's the whole point that they're inaccurate generalizations. In a world where pictures of frogs are associated with slovenliness and babies announce our success to the stars, I think any connotations of the potential for an actual political message are lost. The most I would consider this is a hurdle in a race of tolerance and open-mindedness: Dealing with a stereotype that many people clearly think represents your people, and being mindful to do whatever you can to eliminate that stereotype, rather than just silence and deny it.
1	And I just told you what the actual reason was. It didn't have anything to do with Regi playing toplane or anything. They even said so themselves...   edit:
0	I don't get this reddit circlejerk over hating people who want you to watch there favorite show. If people tell me I should watch something I do. People told me I should watch Breaking Bad, Doctor Who, Sherlock, and Orange is the New Black and I love those shows and can talk about them with other fans. People told me I should watch House of Cards, Dexter, and Game of Thrones but they just weren't my thing, so now when someone asks me if I have watched them I say "Yes and they weren't my thing." If so many people like something, then chances are it is probably pretty good, if it isn't, at least you tried something new.
0	Delay mandate by one year to individuals: an impossible wish list.   Yes, because (1) [it renders the law unworkable]( and isn't justified on any rational basis.   Then, there's also the fact that it's not  just  the defund-Obamacare that the GOP wants:   Further, you keep saying "delay the individual mandate".  Stop saying that.  [The House budget included a provision to  defund obamacare .](
1	S1, didnt play ranked. S2, high silver, bout 10 elo from gold end of season. S3, currently gold 3.   I dont have enough free time to spam ranked games, so I slowly climb. I win a good percentage of my games, hell Im winning almost 30 points a match and I dont even know what I lose since I havent lost a ranked game in about a month. The two games Ive been able to play this week landed me 27 and 29 points respectively.   Ill be diamond one day (i hope)
1	Hi, I'd refer you to the comments below (and suggest you actually read the post properly! The
0	When I was younger, my mom worked at a small Mexican restaurant and she only worked on Weds, Thurs and Fridays . .turns out those were the busiest days (cause my mom was a bad ass cook, people would come in and ask "Is Katie working today?", if not, they left) . . one day, there were a group of guys that always go in there and they thought the food was extra good that day and gave a tip to the waitress and gave a tip to my mom  . .I mean $20 was a lot back in the day and my mom was happy about it . . turns out the waitress took the tip away and told her "Tips are only for waitresses" and my mom got upset about that since she pretty much does all the work, and makes the freaking product that they sell . . so she said "No, they gave that money to me" and the waitress and owner pretty much said "Sorry" . . . My mom finished up her day and quit . . . To this day, I've yet to find a great excuse as to why you shouldn't/can't tip the cook . . . I've done this many times . . at the Waffle House . .I'll tip the waitress . .then ask her "who cooked my food?" (waitress will always tell you because they often think something is wrong with the food and don't want to take the blame), then I tell the cook . . "Great food, it was cooked perfect" and hand them a little something . . That's just always been my thing  . . so I tip the person who made the food and the person who brought my food out and made sure my coffee cup was never empty.
0	A couple months ago my ex-boyfriend and I were going through a particularly bad patch. We had been living together, and this was a week before I was set to move out, so the status of the relationship was really difficult. I had been convince for weeks that he was cheating on me.  There were many ways in which he was acting off towards me, but the number one was that he didn't want to have sex anymore... And this is coming from a guy who usually couldn't keep his hands off of me, so I figured something had to be up.   So one particularly normal day (I had been in a great mood), my computer died. So I was on his trying to figure out what the hell was wrong with my laptop, browse reddit, shit like that. We had been trying to sell our couch, so I checked to see when the girl would be coming to look for it. Only. It was in his email. Well, morbid curiosity kicked in, and low and behold, I looked through his email only to find that he had been replying to CL personals in rather graphic detail....   I of course flipped out as soon as I saw it, confronted him as soon as he walked through the door, etc. He turned it around on me, called me crazy, called me a shitty friend, told me that we hadn't been together for weeks. But he also said he never did anything. He SWEARS he never did anything. To this day I'm still not 100% that I believe that. We've since been talking and trying to fix our friendship, and he really feels like he fucked it up with me and wants to fix whatever he can....   Prostitution is a whole different ball game, but you shouldn't hate yourself. I hated myself for looking through his email. If I hadn't looked, maybe everything could have been fine, right? Sometimes people do things that throw up red flags and, as humans are curious creatures, we look. Had there been nothing to find in him email, he never would have cared that I looked. In a few days, talk to her. Give your self time to cool down. This is a Big Deal. You are not an asshole. She was doing something wrong, and you do at least deserve an explanation. Just breathe deep and work through it.   As awful as I felt, he was still doing something wrong. He can claim it was harmless all he wanted, but telling another woman what he would do to her was not okay. I bring that up sometimes. How can I trust him ever again. I don't know if I can, but talking helps. Just stay calm. Breathe a little. Don't talk to her for a few days and make plans to talk it out. Like I said, get that explanation. Get yourself tested and just try to go about your day normally. Its a shit situation, but it will get better.
1	The actual game engine is fine in my opinion. It's actually a really complicated thing to code and it consists of multiple layers of 'engines' on top of each other. Because of this, changing core things in gameplay that lie deep within the code can be difficult and small bugs may arise.   HOWEVER, the engine of the launcher absolutely sucks. Riot has even stated this themselves (with other words of course). It does have complicated parts, such as buying RP, finding games in queue and connecting with the servers, but the core of it is very basic. You don't need to be an expert to realize their coding is terrible and old. For example, when you click on any button (shop, someone's profile, a champion...), the page takes multiple seconds to load. Often it crashes completely and you have to try again or relog. Things like this require only a small server interaction and next to no processing. They should happen instantly. Interactive parts such as dropdown menus and context menus are terribly coded. Everyone know about the bugs when selecting runes/masteries (you often have to select them twice). List sorting/filtering is another thing. The shop always laggs if you select filters or use the search bar. Even the dumbest type of sorting (which would take O(n^2 ) time for people who know what this means) should sort a list with 115 champions instantly, yet somehow Riot has found a worse sorting algorithm, something unknown to computer scientists. A simple wikipedia search can give them the exact code to sort in O(n lg n) time and filter in O(n) time (which is straightforward).
0	I can't really agree with your comment here.  I think the United States is choosing to get involved for several reasons (political and economic included), but Obama's intentions are for the most part to help the people of Syria.   The United States government has chosen to not interfere in the vast majority of problems in Africa because their is no government on which they can focus their military might.  Without a strong figurehead or organization to attack, managing conflict in Africa would be disastrous.  Many of the problems in Africa stem from their own governments being to weak to protect their own people from warlords and profiteers, and that is not grounds for us to go in with military might.  That is why the vast majority of what we do in Africa involves financial and medical aid.   Going back to Syria however, I look at it like this:  the last major human rights violation that we let the United Nations deal with on their own was Bosnia is the early 1990s.  Because the United States allowed the United Nations to attempt to resolve the situation, and waited so long to intervene, an [estimated 200,000 people died](  The problem with trying to let the United Nations deal with human rights issues is that they lack the military power and resolve to deal with issues like those in Syria.   All this being said, I do not want to see my country involved with this conflict at all.  Allow the United Nations to deal with it, no matter the cost in human lives, and it brings to light the weaknesses more obvious in the United Nations peacekeeping force.  Thought it may cost tens of thousands of lives, it will ultimately make the world a better place if the United Nations becomes capable of resolving the problems it was put in place to take care of.
1	This is what happened to League of Legends in general. The game grew over and over to the point where there is so much people playing the game that the community is itself a "sample" of the world.   Now as much as we know, people with destructive or careless attitudes will always overwhelm good criticism because it's way easier to write a one line flaming comment than taking time to write something useful.
1	I actually emailed them about it]( Even though there are many hoodies that are in the £30 - £35 range that are of similar quality ([and that the USD price is actually within this range](   If you look at the total price, with shipping and tax included, you're looking at £60 or so for 1 hoodie from Jinx. Which is just silly. The hoodie I currently have cost me £45, it's much thicker and of much better quality then what Jinx are providing. Yea OK, it doesn't have Blitz on it, but then that isn't where the extra cost comes from, because otherwise the US price would be inflated as well.
1	As someone who has taken the AP US History exam after being "taught" by a passive teacher, I do not blame your instructor for being disengaged at all. The sheer depth of content on the exam makes it nigh impossible to teach all of the information effectively in a lecture format.   In my eyes, there are two ways to succeed on the the AP US History exam. You can read "Liberty, Equality, and Power" by John Murrin et al. from cover to cover, and guarantee yourself a 5 (as long as you have moderately good reading comprehension skills). It's an ~1300 page book, making it tough unless you're dedicated.   You can also do what I did, and opt for reading "United States History: Preparing for the Advanced Placement Exam" by John Newman et al. cover to cover, and guarantee a 3 or higher. My high school semesters were about 100 days each, so I took this ~800 page book, and broke it down to 10 pages per  school night  (because no one wants to read US History on Fridays or weekends). Which, over about 80 nights, had me finishing the book a week before the exam.   I got a 4 on the test and placed out of Gen. Ed. History in college. Woo!
0	In many states, it's actually legal to pay a server less than minimum wage (which, by itself, is still not a living wage anywhere in America) if they're earning tips.  This means that, in a place where the living wage could be as much as 9 or 10 dollars an hour, a server could be making 2 or 3.  If they don't earn tips, they don't make rent.  As far as I know, this is the only non-commission job where this is legal.   And waiting tables is a hard job.  Obviously you've never done it, or you might understand that.  People at restaurants can be huge assholes, and because a server's wage depends on them being nice, they have to put up with it.  The worst part is that people know that, and will make your life miserable just because they know they can.   Suggesting that people get a new job is also just about the stupidest thing you could even say in this conversation.  Are you saying that if "entitlement-minded assholes" all quit their jobs as servers they'd magically be able to get a job that pays better and wouldn't make them depend upon the kindness of others to pay their bills?  Have you been unemployed recently?  There are a ton of people unemployed right now who have a ton of skills, so for someone whose only skill is customer service, it's a very tough job market.
1	i agree if a win for 1 lp should be counted as a first win of promo it should count as well for loss. So you lost 2 games when you had 99 lp then you win 3 games and so you get to promos and you lost your poromos withou any game because you lost 2 games first and now you are back with 50 points..
1	I still can't understand how CLG lost to MIL in BoTA, Kerp was playing mid only for some weeks. Also can someone explain me how such a consistent team such as Cloud 9 who went 25-3 last year and 24-4 this year still lost to Fnatic in IEM? A team that had a winning streak of 7 games and a losing streak of 8 games? The consistent team lost vs an inconsistent team, making me think that the top 5 from Europe has an huge chance of beating the top 2 of NA easily, the huge difference is that in Europe there is actually competition, in NA there is not competition at all besides the top 3 teams, when 2 teams lose 10 games of 56 combined. This means that besides the games lost between each other, they have around 0 competition. While in Europe most of the team have an amazing quallity of play, let's put it this way as an example: If I'm Plat and I get matched against Bronze players and smash them, they will think I'm some sort of god and I'll look very skilled in their eyes, but once I'm matched against Diamonds, I'll have an hard time doing good or not feeding, making me look no longer like a star player. As an example we have TSM, if they shown to be such a good team why haven't they won a game against a Korean team in LAN tournaments? Eventhough they were always in the top 2 of their region.
1	Well this is my reasons for doing it.     If you do wolves before blue, right after blue you can either go into the enemy jungle to invade or if you're someone like Alistar, go for a gank mid. If I do it your way, I have to walk to wolves, kill and walk back after blue to do the above.     If you do the Wolves > Blue > Wraiths > Wolves > Red path ( alot of people do, really fast and efficient clear) that's gonna mess up if you do wolves after blue they ain't gonna be up after wraiths.
0	I had a...strange experience when I went to watch MoS. The theatre was packed and this family of 6 (consisting of a mom, dad, grandpa, grandma and 2 kids) got there late. There was one seat next to me and the grandpa took it, the seat in front of him in the next row was taken by the one of the kids. The mom found a seat somewhere else with the grandma and the dad sat on the floor with the other kid because they didn't want to be stuck in the very front row.   About half an hour goes by and I really had to pee. I tried to tough it out but couldn't bear it so I went to the bathroom. When I got back, something was off. My friend who sat next to me was gone (I found out later he went to the bathroom after me) and my seat was suddenly occupied...by the grandma. Neither the grandpa nor the grandma spoke a lick of English and me, wanting to just sit and enjoy the movie, just took my friend's seat.   5 minutes later my friend comes back. He looks at the grandparents, looks at me and asks what's going on. I told him she took his seat. He accepted defeat and ended up sitting on the ground.   Thankfully the mother came and told the grandma it was wrong to steal seats and forced her to leave. She ended up taking the poor kid's seat in front of the grandpa and he had to sit on the ground with his dad and sister.   Who in their right mind thinks its okay to take someone elses seat in a  packed  movie theatre?
1	It's not an auto-attack though.   Read the Tiamat active description.   It's a 1.0 AD scaling AoE centered around your champion.   It's difficult to make an animation for an item active like this and have it look good on every champion, so they just use the champ's AA animation.
1	So I went into a custom to test this, and just a heads up, I noticed the alacrity movespeed boost takes a second to update sometimes.  I ended up reselling each boot to try the enchantment on each one, had no difference.   I think you were just getting a delay on the update of the states, for some reason it can take up to 10 seconds for me.   proof: [Before Alacrity Upg](   [After purchasing, with MS](
1	Not exactly. Even if you lose your promo you'll probably need one win to get into promo again. Considering you're actually a diamond lvl player, winning the promotion shouldn't be that dificult.
1	Yeah.. it is.   I despise playing ADC because I support main and I know that I'll be paired with some horrorshow Leona or Morgana. I'll be sitting in lane trying to CS but I won't be able to concentrate because I'll be thinking "That's not how you play Leona! Don't start with a coin, you fool! What are you building? Your runes and masteries are abominable. Is there some reasoning behind your runes? Are they completely random? Ok. This is beyond my comprehension. Ward this bush! Not that bush!" all the while.
0	False. It doesn't even prevent gun crime. Gun crime in the UK went up 89% in the decade following your gun ban.   Oh and as for violent crime in general? Went up 77% the decade after the UK gun ban. The UK is literally the most violent in Europe, and more violent than the US.   And you can't do mass killings with a knife? Well maybe not quite as many as with a gun, but still plenty.
0	Never ever eeeeeever get "front page content" and "things that accurately reflect real life" confused.  There are lots of lovely people out there, and you should base your decision to date/not date, have sex/not have sex, do whatever the eff you want/do something else, etc. on something other than what a bunch of dorks post on memegenerator.   Anyway, talk to people in real life for answers to important questions.  You're much more likely to get good info.   (I am aware of the potential for irony, but I expect that the aforementioned folks in real life will confirm my assessment ;)  ).
0	Am I the other one who thinks this meme is pointless, you can grab a comment from one redditor and a comment from the other and put it to together to make a scumbag.   In the end the combined view doesn't exist, and if it does lots of redditors would be opposed to it anyway.
1	In my opinion this is where streaming reaches its limitations: there are so many small decisions that better players make that they don't even think twice about that someone who isn't as good wouldn't do. And I think when you're watching a streamer make these decisions, they're so second nature to them that you don't even realise it's something they're doing that you're not. Anyway
0	I was a nice guy back in high school. I never realized how much I fucked up with girls because I think I was in love with the idea of having a girlfriend and never getting to appreciate that I was talking to someone. I can't lie and say that I never got upset when a girl said no, because being rejected sucks. I also never paid attention to girls who did show interest in me since I "didn't want them" and aimed higher than something more meaningful.   You don't realize how much of an asshole you are until you're older and it hits you that maybe you put too much stock into what other people thought, or you're so up your own ass about what you'd like that you could have had it with someone else. I got lucky since I found someone who was my type and thensome. Been married for 2 years. When you stop trying to "be nice" and be yourself, it works wonders. These "nice guys" need to realize this, but they have to come to that realization on their own. I can't get upset at these guys because they're not at that point where they understand there's more to relationships than being what you think someone wants you to be. I can, however, get mad at guys that think it's cool to slander a girl's reputation or make her feel like shit because you didn't get what you want. Those guys have a lot of growing up to do.
1	I know that sometimes people will no cooperate. What you can try to do ,once you are ahead with champions like zed, jax or maybe someone who has cc, is after pushing your lane to the end or taking the turret go to mid, bot or top and try to add some pressure, hence take a turret or get a few kills. Of course, before roaming, look at the lane you are about to gank and evaluate if its even possible. If not , extend your ward coverage around the enemy jungle and push further applying more pressure thus making the enemy respond and letting your team increase it's lead or take objectives.
1	I thought I used 4 fingers for QWER but I just realized that I normally have my pinky on the Shift key and I rest my ring finger on Q, middle finger on W and index on R (I use my index for E and T (for /laugh) as well), and my thumb rests on the space bar. I shift-cast a lot and I don't attack move, which might explain it. (Pinky for Ctrl and thumb for Alt when I need to)   For item actives, I use my ring finger for 1, middle finger for 2 and 3 and I rarely put actives on 4/5/6 lol.
0	Not going to lie, I had a similar experience. Our house was in the middle of a huge slope and it was quite snowy out. A lot of people just avoid our slope and just go around the long way, but this lady didn't. She tried driving up and got stuck in the middle of the hill. She can't go up nor down because there is a ditch right at the bottom of the hill (think of a long street with a right turn to the huge hill and a ditch to the left). I was around 12 then and was playing with my friend who was around 14. So we see this lady who's desperately stuck in the snow, and because we didn't have parents around to ask for help, we ran out to the car and started digging out the snow underneath the tire for traction. After doing so for around ten minutes, we spent the next twenty minutes trying to push the car up the hill. Of course the strength of two kids is no where near enough to lift this car up the hill, but somehow, whether by our efforts or divine intervention, the car caught some traction and drove up the hill. The lady thanked us, and we apologized for not being able to get her up the hill faster. I mean, if you're taking the risk of going up the hill, you're probably in a hurry and we took half an hour. She laughed and said no worries and drove out of our sight. We were damn exhausted but the feeling of accomplishment hyped us up a lot.
1	except the prefrontal cortex functions mainly for higher executive functions, which is also the reason we have larger, more complex prefrontal cortexes than other animal species.   I believe the part you are going for is the amygdala, a part of the limbic system which is largely responsible for fight or flight and other emotional reactions.
1	they are probably out. kta won 2-0 vs prime and skt k and lost 2-0 to skt s.   skt s and skt split so skt s has more points than skt k IF they will win vs prime.   But since prime is a new team everyone expects them to get 2-0d. and they got stomped by skt k and kta.   sorry for my horrible english but i hope it was udnerstandable.
1	What he says: IM SPOILED BUT I STILL WANT A NEW CLIENT   What he'll get: A new client with tons of new bugs and problems that cause holes in the store losing riot money, holes in the gaming queue that players take advantage of, or worse holes in account login which causes multiple accounts to be sank into the abyss.   What he thinks he should say: RIOT TAKE YOUR TIME AND RELEASE SOMETHING RIGHT SO THE CLIENT DOESNT COME OUT BUTCHERED LIKE AN AZIR LAUNCH..   What he actually should say: Hey riot, I understand that there are complications beyond my knowledge that are holding up progress in this game, but if possible could you prioritize the client over new champions, fixing ping, new map upgrades, and new game modes.   *In other words, Riot can you just do everything I want because you're supposed to be God doing everything with a finger snap instead of months of coding and bug chasing.
1	The 'he' was a 'she' in this case. There was no joking around, this streamer has a history for doing this kind of thing. Certainly not a joke, and the other guy acknowledged that at points. It's rather more obvious for me, because I watched it for that amount of time to make sure.   And this works both ways. The comments on this stream were horrendous to the person, and the donations were short, tied with messages telling her to suicide. It was just one negative frenzy, and I don't understand how that is good for anyone involved
1	From what we could hear, he was still not handling the situation as the perceived team leader should.  When he said things like "everyone else disagrees," even though neither OddOne or Xpecial said anything, he isn't helping the Chaox's team mentality.  Dyrus even stepped up to say that Chaox wasn't the only one at fault.  They are a team, Chaox wasn't the only one who made a mistake.  Reginald was ONLY focusing on Chaox's mistake.  His was the most visible, but not having at least a primary lvl 1 plan before the game starts is inexcusable.   And the
0	Whether or not you took it for granted only you know, but leaving the nest takes this concept from everybody. It's how, you know, you grow up. That said, I'm about to be 27 and really only after getting my own condo, installing cabinets with my girlfriend using my own powertools,  and  buying a badass propane grill that barely fits (disassembled and boxed) in the back of our Yukon have I  begun  to feel like the man I saw in my father when I was young. Haha!   Edit:  Also, learning some awesome whiskey&garlic meat marinades, making pancakes from scratch with sliced fruit and homemade whip, and owning a bottle of scotch that's almost as old as I am.
0	I have a boss like that. We used to be friends and then I told him I am planning on quitting and going abroad  for at least a year. He got angry. I can't stand him ever since because of what he said. I'm giving my resignation either today (I hope), or Sunday. I stopped talking with him.
1	i think deny her red buff would be a better choice, from the new kit, she only have MS boosts so she needs some kind of cc to gank more effectively, and the slow on red helps. I havent got my hands on her yet but looking from the kit and the video, she could very well be ganking at level 2 and red buff will allow her to do that.
0	My brother is bigger scum.  When our parents died (a year apart) we had to sell their land to pay for the funeral, and when the checks came, he went out and partied with his half, and now I'm stuck paying the whole thing.
1	Wickd, because all though some people in the usually spammy chat on twitch complain about not being able to understand him, his play style is good, he talk a lot, doesn't rage just gets over it quickly and has an interesting play style that will teach you, not how to dominate and shit-stomp top (like some demanding fans desire) but how to win it by being careful, farming and winning your lane.   Long sentence was long.
1	I believe it's all to do with confidence when they verse the smaller teams they have the mentality that they will crush and win but when they verse other teams they get into the mentality that they will lose and get stomped so they play re actively instead of pro-actively.
1	No offence but the way English is taught in France is beyond terrible. First students start learning English way too late (even though it has gotten better since I was in school), second, learning a language should be fun and entertaining, it should be about making conversation and learning about the culture which is clearly not the way I was taught. I was lucky enough to have an amazing teacher in CM1 (4th grade I think, so 2 years earlier than average) who really made us love English right away (she even took us to visit the chocolate factory in Canterbury in CM2) but aside from that I learned by myself by reading, playing games and watching movies.   Maybe (and I mean maybe since I don't know you) you could teach differently, if your students have fun, they'll most likely start liking the language.
1	But, 3 months is too much time a certain aspect of a game game can remain OP, and that is undeniably sadly.   An everchanging game like League needs artificial balance, due to the nature of the game. This game hasn't been active like DotA with numerous years of balancing from different game dev's. It's been out 2-3 years, and for the creators to survive in the early stages of the game, they needed to make it like this.
1	While I wholeheartedly agree with you, I think that Riot Games can only move so fast.   I don't think that Riot was fully expecting the ridiculous exponential growth in the past few years. And even now, they're still trying to keep up with it. There will, of course, be a time when this growth evens out and becomes more stable.   This may all just be speculation and assumptions that I'm making, but with the current size of the organization (~1000 employees, according to Wikipedia), they're probably trying to move as fast as they can without being reckless in their endeavors. This is evident [according to this article about their plan to expand into a campus in 2015.](   A smart move - to add 500 more employees. Trying to expand faster just to keep up with the high growth rates would just be a blind and slightly reckless decision, and will most likely exacerbate a possible (financial) bubble burst if they're not careful. 500 employees should not be enough to cause severe organizational culture shock (especially with Riot's meticulous hiring process) or issues within Riot's organizational structure itself, but be enough to deal with the current growth.     With that said, your letter acts as a great wake up call for Riot. What's more, I think Riot needs to analyze the growth and set some priorities - not only for the future, but for the present as well.   While I agree that Riot needs to find a way to engage the players, they've basically got three huge categories of market they're dealing with: eSports Development (LCS/Challenger Scene/etc.), League of Legends Development (the actual game itself) and.. well, everything else (everything - from IT's management of social media exposure to player support).   There needs to be a matter of prioritization within these three categories or markets, if you will. The eSports (LCS) exposure draws in immense popularity for the game. The actual game is a source of stable revenue (RP sales). And finally, everything else (player support, media exposure, etc.) helps build Riot's reputation as a player-dedicated company.   According to [this article]( Riot considers the LCS more of "an investment into the game for our fans — just like we’d [they'd] invest in any other feature within the game," thus proving my above point. And even with the live LCS crowds in Season 4, I doubt Riot's making any significant profits.   So what Riot should sit down and contemplate is this: "How do we convert this popularity into more revenue?" followed by "How can we distribute these profits into our current investments?" and finally, "Where do we want to focus our attention on - LCS or the game?"   Of course, everyone's answer to that last question would be to focus on both. But the reality is that one needs to receive more attention than the other - at least until its growth stabilizes. My opinion is that the focus needs to be on the game, for obvious reasons. The game is interesting, which is why LCS is interesting.   At the very basic level of an example, consider this: fans don't wait for new professional players to enter the scene so they can see these pro players play the same existing champions. They want to see new champions released and hope that the existing pro players pick them up and play them.
1	It is because the Plat player has a very low MMR and thus finding Silver players. Honestly if he is finding someone in Silver then he must either suck or stopped playing League for a long period of time and therefore his MMR decays slowly. That or your MMR is really high (which I doubt if its the first time finding a plat). There will always be smurfs or people boosting anyway so it will never be "fair."
1	We don't.
0	I'm having an awful experience with that.   FIRST, I WORK at a movie theater, and I have worked every single day since the midnight showing. I was supposed to watch it with my girlfriend for our anniversary on friday (I was going to request that day off) but then about 2 weeks ago, she got invited to go on vacation with her cousin. And when she told me about it, she said that I can't go watch it without her because she's excited for it too. So now i have to wait until sunday to watch it, and I've already gotten several major plot points spoiled for me.
0	You're falling into the trap. When a thug in uniform murders a civilian it is wrong. Got nothing to do with race despite the media and government wanting to portray it that way.   It is cop on civilian violence. Fascism. They are desperate for this to become a race issue. While the people are divided they are less powerful and therefore it is easier to remove more rights in the name of security and further militarize the police.   Police are public-servants, employed by the citizens to protect them and preserve the peace and good order. They aren't supposed to be an unaccountable paramilitary force. They aren't supposed to kill unarmed civilians - no matter what race. [They are not supposed to incite violence and attempt to turn peaceful protests into riots.](   The United States and many other countries needs to get back to the basics of what policing is about. Unfortunately I can't see this happening soon.   In the meantime the police are becoming even more heavily armed. Ask yourself why that it is. It isn't to deal with someone allegedly selling cigarettes. Furthermore if you really want to get into it then ask yourself why the PNAC* document discusses weaponizing space to deal with dissent. Dissent, not terrorism, dissent. They won't need thugs in uniform to deal with uppity protesters moaning about their rights.   (*PNAC being the Project for the New American Century established in 1997 with members Dick Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld, and Paul Wolfowitz at the helm - incidentally the same document (written in 2000) said there was a need for new Pearl Harbour to push through the needed changes ... then came 911). : "Rebuilding America's Defenses: Strategies, Forces, and Resources for a New Century" called for unprecedented hikes in military spending, American military bases in Central Asia and Middle East, toppling of non-complying regimes, abrogation of international treaties, control of the world's energy sources, militarization of outer space, total control of cyberspace, and the willingness to use nuclear weapons to achieve "American" goals.  Any of this seem familiar? But I digress ... 'Murica!!   Back on track - nobody is safe. Not even veterans of the Iraq war who were willing to put their lives on the line to, in their mind, fight for freedom. The elite are happy for them to do that abroad while they set back and count their blood-soaked dollars but not so happy when these same people want their rights acknowledged at home.   Google 'Marine Scott Olsen' who was shot in the head with a projectile fired by cops in Oakland 2011. That didn't get too much attention because it is kind of hard for Fox so-called News and the like to handle that. A veteran being attacked by police? WTF? Then there was Kayvan Sabeghi. Another vet. Beaten to a pulp and left in a cell for 18 hours despite telling cops he needed medical attention. Fortunately it was caught on video and he was compensated.   Read about it here:   Watch the video of these thugs attacking Kayvan Sabeghi here:   and   Apologies for the wall of text.
0	I worked at a trampoline place where the floor and walls were made of trampolines. When someone wasn't listening and I warned them many times, I would step on the trampoline when they jumped by, so all the bounce was gone out of it and they would eat major shit. Awesome...cruel....but awesome.
1	Well on stream after the game, Doublelift saw the original GIF post and kind of rolled his eyes at it. Kelby was like "that's a great play" or something and maybe Loco says "what'd you do?" and then Doublelift replies "Shen went to taunt me and I pressed E" in a very "you guys are easily impressed" manner.
0	At least it's  your  Grandma. Try having a deluded schitzoid paranoid mother in law who invites herself for a fortnight and thinks if she stops talking to herself or buying things her head will explode.
1	No offense, but pick order regulates the ladder.  Players who can only play limited roles will show it in their win/loss ratio, and as such not rise in rank.  Good players can manipulate the draft pick to their advantage by making unconventional choices.  Bad players don't know how to play around picks.  In the end, draft pick lets players make choices based on previous player's picks that they are comfortable with.  Competitive team play is FAR different than solo queue.  Their picks and meta are narrowed due to factors unique to the competitive format, which are limited in solo queue.
1	Basically when the drophackers team is losing or about to lose, the Drophacker can press a button which disconnects all 10 players from the game. The game ends immediately and if you check your match history it is as if the game never existed to begin with.
1	The fact that he has an easy escape is the reason. That was the entire point. You went on to talk about why it was right to remove talon's silence, valid, but totally missing the point.   Zed can do just about as much upfront damage as Talon as talon is very item dependent and needs to be fed to start really bursting (zed fed does the same amount of damage as fed talon in about the same amount of time, exception being if talon is locked down or killed he doesnt get a 2nd part to the damage to finish the job.)   In order to burst fast on talon is requires a ton of practice and skill to properly cancel all your autos and skills.   The skill that Talon requires is decision making. "Is this the right time to go in? Do I know where the jungler is? How about top and bot, who is MIA? If I go and blow my skills am I going to be surprised by a gank?   Champs like Zed and LB don't have to worry about that because after they blow their load so to speak they have an easy oh shit button to get back out or to at least split their escape route giving them options. You don't even have to choose whether you initiate or escape with them as after you initiate you can blink back to start on both.   Making zed actually stay to fight for a second on a kit that allows him to have escape options every 10 seconds only adds in the difficulty of choosing your moment and not bull rushing into 5 people knowing you will still get out free.
0	I do not disagree with you much. I simply wish you phrased your argument differently. I'm sure you would agree that some people change, however it is likely absurd to think that this man will change.   I merely want to stress that people can, because, although he may not change in his ideology, he can change his actions. A line from my favorite poem goes "This is for the celibate pedophile who keeps on struggling." To me, it has always meant that you cannot change who you are, but you certainly can do something about it.
1	You're massively underestimating the damage mitigation of orb of winter. Let's take a really bad scenario: Max range nidalee spear, with 600 AP, 6% penetration from masteries, void staff and 20 flat mpen (boots + runes). Let's also assume that we have no other MR items, we are not running MR runes and we play a champion without MR scaling. Close to the worst possible realistic scenario for Orb of Winter.   The base damage of that spear would be 1565, which should amount to 1628 damage with havoc and double-edged sword masteries if i'm not mistaken.   First, the mitigation by the shield itself. At level 18, the shield reduces damage by 210. The actual damage reduced is amplified with 39 MR ((70+30)*0.59 - 20). 39 MR amplifies the shield by 39%, meaning damage is reduced by 292.   The remaining 1336 damage still gets affected by the 70 MR on the item. The damage dealt will be multiplied 100/100+39, compared to a multiplier of 1 without the orb. This will leave 961 unmitigated damage. In the end, we'll have reduced the incoming damage by 1628-961=667 damage. This works out to around a 41% damage reduction. If the nidalee would have fewer items, less penetration or if we had other masteries, runes or MR items this percentage would be even higher.   Running the same calculation for a ziggs bomb, with the same items, works out to roughly a 66% damage reduction. Again, this is the worst case scenario.
1	The biggest problem is that NA scene is literally just 5 guys on a team.  There is no fear.  There is no replacement that can come in and WildTurtle anymore... not really.  Mid split, the synergy difference is too great.   In order for NA to catch up, the LCS teams will need to actually field 7 man rosters, and be serious about it.  The organizations will have to actively pursue developing talent.  Easyhoon was good when SKT picked him up, but him playing against Faker everyday (and vice versa), it catapulted him to the top of the world.  Imagine Bjergson 1v1 Froggen every day... or AlexIch... OMG... TSM would actually stand a chance!!   Ultimately, the coaches need authority, and more importantly, they need options.  Look at TL this last split!  Being able to bench Piglet is why Piglet was world class by the end of the season.  His attitude sucked.  His replacement was talented and won games!  They went back to him when he was ready, and then he performed the way they needed when it mattered most.  The time off he received, the benching persay (without actually being benched forever) was important and humbling for him..   On a brief aside, lol, the benching in NA is insane.  "We are benching XYZ player".  When do they ever come back?  Rarely... it's more like a "cut" that they don't have to pay someone (if an organization ends up cutting a player under contract, generally speaking they get a separation payoff).   In order for NA to compete, you need 7 like minded individuals who think, eat, breath, sleep the same way about the game.  Like Link said, this is a team game... Personally? I probably couldn't carry myself out of Bronze like I did in season 3.  I'm actually Bronze 3 right now mechanically.  I play 3 games a night.  But I breath this game, the theory, the jungle paths, the early game.  I shot called for a team that made it to Gold in season 3.  I did it in 3's as well.  I didn't get carried, not one game.  I actually carried more games than not, but not because I did the most damage.  It's because I was able to outrotate the other teams.  My team was able to rotate better than our competition, and that's why a team that was made up of Bronze 1 Mid laner, Plat V Top laner, Silver 2 Support, Gold V ADC, and Silver 3 Jungle were able to take games off 5 diamond teams...   It's not that impressive what we did.  It was just team mentality, the need for everyone to play perfectly [I]together[/I] instead of alone in order for us to feel like we had a shot... that is what drove us to play the game so well (comparatively speaking).
0	Honestly, I'm not really sure where or when I managed to pick up this skill, but at some point in my college career, I became very adept at crafting long, flowing sentences that are not only grammatically correct and structurally sound but also maintain a pretty conversational tone throughout, so they don't really strike you as run-on sentences in the slightest until you get to the end and realize "Holy shit, this is all still part of that same sentence."   It's a great way to power your way through a paper with a word count, and, truth be told, as long as you can remember where your sentences began, it's kind of fun to let them meander around for a little while before they arrive at their intended destination.   I will warn you, though, that you really have to be fairly air tight with your grammar and sentence structures and very precise when choosing your words, lest your florid verbiage turn into something more like a lingual 16-car pile up that gives off the impression that you're out of your depth as a writer.   That's three sentences. 184 words.   I'm obviously exaggerating a bit, but I do like to load up with compound sentences that require multiple commas and express multiple thoughts. It then helps to punctuate your points by coming back with short, terse sentences. Think of yourself as Don Draper. Each sentence gets a seven word maximum.
0	I'm not asking you to sympathize with her. I'm just pointing out that it's not unreasonable to think she regrets not making something for herself instead of becoming dependent on someone else.   I've been completely independent, with my own job my only source of income to pay all my bills and feed myself (barely, too). I've also been completely  dependent  on someone else. I did nothing while they worked and brought in the paycheck. And to be honest, it's not a good feeling. It's nice not working at first, but in the end you just feel like you're throwing your life away. I actually got very depressed because of it. At least the experience made me appreciate work a whole lot more, so I never feel the need to complain about it. People always think they want to be able to just sit around the house and do nothing all day, but it's really not that great.
0	And then something like Hurricane Sandy happens, millions of potential votes are lost, and then suddenly the other guy is winning for it.   New York will always have roughly the same EVs, but the Hurricane brought their total popular votes down to something along the lines of 4 million. In 2008, there were along the lines of 8 million votes.   If we didn't have the Electoral College or something similar, then that's 4 million votes lost not because of apathy, but because of an unpreventable disaster. In the event where the popular vote directly decided a president, then 4 million would have had absolutely zip for input, all against their will.   The REAL problem though, is that those 4 million votes would matter A WHOLE LOT MORE. See if you compare 2008 votes to this year's in NY, you get the decrease of Republican votes coming out to like 1.5-2 million, and the lost Democratic votes were 2.5-3 million. Basically, the Dems would have lost a lot of input compared to the Reps. In the Electoral College system, as long as the ratio of Dems:Reps stays the same, then regardless of disaster the resulting impact from NY will be just as strong as it is under normal conditions.   Whenever someone brings up abolishing the Electoral College this has, and always will be my first example. Hurricane Sandy has made it more relevant and easier to understand, but I've always believed this and it has always been an issue.   There are very few systems I've heard of or could think of that would give any significant increase in power to the popular vote that wouldn't mess things up like this.
1	You mean like 5 years ago when they first released the game and already knew that the languages they created the game and client on was out-dated.
0	Don't listen to everyone saying you have ADHD or need to take meds. I think it's messed up how our society attributes a lack of interest to having a mental disorder.   You're completely fine. I am a healthy individual and I "suffer" the exact same problem as you. Everyone's brain works differently. Growing up on computers and having rapid access to information had bred a new type of person. These people are not "ill", they simply think differently. It isn't a commitment problem, it's that your brain enjoys receiving information in different ways.   For me, I don't enjoy reading because it doesn't stimulate enough of my senses. I want sound, visuals, interaction. When I say this, people often come back with "well you must not have an imagination". As a man who makes his living off multiple artistic mediums, I assure you I have an imagination.
1	Okay that first sentence had literally nothing to add to this conversation and was completly unnecessary. Can you imagine not everyone is a native english speaker? Lets have that conversation in my language and then im gonna grammarnazi you, shall we? Or even better, how about you SAY whats so goddamn wrong, because, you know, some people might actually learn from it. But nah, that would kinda diminish the denunciation hidden in that sentence, cant have that right? Also, how am i talking in a fanboyish manner? All im saying is that there is no point in ASSUMING he might have a championpool issue based on past STREAMS, not even competitive games, when there are much bigger problems with his team atm? He has always been able to play the meta supports to some degree. I dont get why people always focus on the individual players instead of looking at their problems as a team. Same happens with wickd, for example after his last game. Yes he fed. Yes he should have warded to avoid that first gank. But they spend SOOOOOO many resources on killing him and still got the first drake. EL spends ZERO resources on his toplane, and when he pulls 4 people top they dont do anything either for whatever reason. So yes, he could have placed that ward, but it probably wouldnt have won them the game either, while getting objectives for UOL commiting so hard to shutting him down might have. Yet he gets shit on by everyone for EL completly neglecting their toplane. The guy is rank4 challenger. Its not like he just cant play the game.   I dont agree on map play being picked up by instinct. That may be true in soloq, but almost certainly not so much in competitive. Map play is not all about instincts but about thinking, especially in the early game (hello laneswaps!). Later on its about singling out winconditions and trying to enforce key objectives while avoiding to get outplayed by the enemy team. Yes, gut feeling plays into that to some degree, but its certainly not "turn brain off and let my instincts guide me, summoners". Its about vision control, objective pressure, sidewave control, knowing your teams and the enemy teams powerspikes and strengths/weaknesses, and then to some degree also mindgaming your opponent. These things dont just happen because they felt like it, atleast not at a competitive level. As for if this will affect (noticed, i just grammarnazi'd you! jk) his ability to practice champions, we just flat out dont know if thats the case. Proper preparations for above mentioned are time consuming and we dont know how much of it is done by him and how much by nyph or the other members of the team. You also dont even know if he cant play these champs, youre assuming it based on past events. I wont consider his champion pool as a flaw until he proves that he cant pick up the likes of janna or nami, and so far we dont have been given enough information. The guy has been there for 2-3 weeks after not playing competitively for awhile, give him some time before judging. Its not like he had a crazy amount of games so far to pick all of these champs.   As for him having better shotcalling instinct than most players, we dont know if thats the case either, especially since he never considered himself as a shotcaller before. He is great on analysing what happened in a game AFTER it happened, but that doesnt necessarily translate to ingame shotcalling. I doubt he considers his shotcalling to be good enough already, and IMO him improving that will benefit EL way more than him picking up another champ, also the room for improvement is waaaaay bigger on the shotcalling part.
0	God yes.  There was a thread in another subreddit a couple years ago, where women were saying not to wash their labia.  I explained to them how that's bad hygiene, and you can get infections and such that way.  You would have thought I told them they should all get their clits torn out with pliers.  One girl called me 'insensitive', then got mad when I told her she was the 'insensitive' one by forcing everyone around her to smell her funky pussy.  (She admitted to having funky pussy smell everyday).  I've taken classes on human health and hygiene.  I have consulted with many OB/GYN's because I've worked with teen girls in group homes, who had STD's, infections, and other problems.  I have never heard from a legitimate health professional that you should only wash your labia with water.  I have always heard that you should wash with a gentle soap, and warm water.  And you need to wash all the folds, to remove the bacteria.   But no, these girls had to quote some Cosmo article or something, claiming washing labia with soap is dangerous.  I hope they enjoy their infections, and lack of sex.
1	Oh baby, even Chauster has something to say.   Edit:   >
1	eh if you think about it "face to hate at" is kind of a valuable asset for a company like this.  consider, for  every  nerf, rework, or tweak, the company  will  face backlash from people who like how the champion currently works.   take the whole lee sin thing.  as a skarner main i fucking hate lee sin.   lee's early game strength and movement advantage bends skarner over.  and because thats my perspective i think nerfign lee's early game and balancing his power curve is great, i'm thrilled.  hell they've already nerfed elise, all we need is kha and i bet skarn will be competitive in pro play.   but everybody who owns lee and loves shitting over the enemy jungle all early game is pissed, and is latching on to the whole "lee sin is the most balanced champ in the game" statement, and every pro that like's him's bitching.   i think the whole "most balanced" shit is completely false because his mobility is so incredible and i think early game strength is more powerful than late game strength overall.  late game strength doesn't have your team going "surrender at 20" five minutes in.   to get back to the point a little, those of us who are happy about lee getting nerfed  could  be in the majority, who knows, but we have a million times less investment in it than the lee sin mains.  so almost all the "community feedback" about a nerf can be assumed to be negative.  those of us who are happy about it don't start threads of joy demanding riot keep the nerf in place. No, we think [good]( and maybe smirk a little.   so having a "blame lightning rod" maybe diverts some of the attention from the company name, and instead onto that jerk ghost crawler who kept changing which deathknight talent tree was best by rolling a d6.  an almost "celebrity personality" to give a name to blame, who is also good, or at lest decent, at explaining to the community why changes are being made.
1	Ok, how do I put this. Last two games i was third and 4th pick. I play jungle mainly, I am good at what I do and I know my way around the jungle and ganking and counterjungling and all sorts of things a jungler is supposed to do. Cool I kindly call for jungle, which in both cases results in people above me in pick order to pick jungle. Then I am forced to play something I am not so comfortable with. First game I play support 1/1/7, second game I play ADC 5/4/8. Both game we lost by a significant margin. I don't blame other people for my mistakes. I think I played bad ( could've played a lot better ) which wouldn't have happened if I was playing my main role as a jungler.
0	I respectfully disagree. I carry a Glock 19 with an extra mag. That's 31 rounds. Even level III body armor if hit multiple time in the same place is going to fail, and with that many rounds at least one is going to miss the body armor and hit flesh. To say that it's "not likely" that an armed individual would not likely be able to stop this guy is a bit of a stretch. It depends entirely on the individual, the gun they're using, and how much they train.   If the gunman were using level II body armor, 10mm or .357 magnum (depending on barrel length) would punch through the body armor. I know of several people who carry .357 magnum and one person who carries a 10mm.
0	It's not really any better why they lie to you about it.  My old doctor would leave the room and come back having obviously googled my sysmptoms.  When she quoted webmd verbatim I called her out on it (not even mad, just like, "haha, I use the internet too!") and she was super weird and flustered and tried to deny it.   It's also great when doctors tell you one thing (because they wer just guessing) and then something completely different   > your symptoms misled us...   My symptoms didn't do shit to you, they are what they are and I'm paying you to figure them out, you were wrong.
1	IMO, Kha should be good all game if played right. He should be able to take any tools he needs to assassinate in most situations. But thats it. If he keeps the number one spot, it should be because he can choose to have damage, initiation range, aoe slow or reduced damage early on, not because his damage is insane, his gapcloser is ridiculous and his isolation damage is insane ect. He should have to evolve whats going to be the best for him at the time.   I suggest moving isolation to evolved Q completely, maybe, and keeping the damage in line with other fighters or even a bit less before. His W can have a better slow or gain some form of AD scaling (but not over the top) or can be cast while jumping when evolved, E is pretty fine and R needs a small nerf.
1	Honestly, that was me, the dude in the Wil. E Coyote hat. Pretty crazy that he actually listened to me and it caused them to win the game. He even thanked me after they won the set.
1	thats such a retarded statement. anyone with basic knowledge of control theory could tell you this.   just consider this simple example: if you have a car you can either use the brakes to slow down or stomp on the other one to go faster. now how does that apply to what OP said? pretty simple, you take one of those 2 options away and drive your car with only acceleration or brakes, pretty damn fucking innefficient huh?   so saying: <<if you don't have to say anything positive (accelerate) don't say anything (don't use brakes)>> is beyond dumb.   obviously there is a huge range of negative feedback, so telling someone "wow" or "dat ulti miss" pretty damn useless, whereas saying: "stop position yourself behind me as a tank" is very useful as it gives clear and simple advice on how to improve next time.
1	Been watching some Korean streams and some stuff tends to be common. SKT Wolf seems to enjoy playing him.   Most start with the Spellthief's but later trade it for the Talisman. Obviously Sightstone because no explanation needed, hopefully. I've seen Ionian Boots but most go for Mobility Boots. Frozen Heart seems to be on  all  of them. Locket is a fairly common sight, too. I've seen Randuin's a fair deal as well, and the more utility-based people pick up Mikael's.
1	Since they just renewed their visa's it shouldn't complicate those as typically sanctions involve limiting new visas from being given, now when it is time to renew again it could become an issue but that should be in almost a years time.  Also restricting visas typically occurs more for government officials or people with the ability to transfer important information (ie - people in tech jobs, scientists, etc) or people associated with the government which gambit is not.
1	would double tapping enter kill you. Wall of text FTL   Katarina may or may not receive some compensation for the DFG removal, but as it is thats a nerf   Akali has already been toned down once on the PBE, and they can always do more.   Fizz has been mentioned already as going to get worked on.   They're not actually trying to nerf Zed as an assassin, its the fact he can splitpush like a mofo, plus assassinate, that makes him too strong a champ at the moment.
1	Exactly the reason to try and tilt him.   Cloud 9 is also pretty damn awesome at protecting Sneaky too.   It's also hard to say, "Let's focus Sneaky, the guy who Cloud 9 uses Lemon, Meteos, and sometimes Balls to protect."  He's also not reliant on their protecting most of the time too.
1	That's an interesting point, let me address it.  I think having abilities/passives that are useless at level 1 in certain situations is just fine in terms of design. Level 1 fights are unique in that players have to make very serious trade offs between combat strength and lane presence/sustain.  Choice of ability is the same - teams planning on invading at level 1 often take CC abilities over better laining abilities.  With Lux, you have a similar trade off at level 1 - take CC with a chance of passive procs, or a hefty bonus to team survivability (hitting everyone with her shield is a lot of shield).  Trade offs like these are critical to the depth of the character and gameplay.  Not everything in a champ kit should perfectly synergize - if it did, champs would be boring. LoL is a game about progressing, and making later choices more meaningful by making other abilities (like Lux's passive) dependent on which abilities you choose.
0	I was really sick during my first few week in Basic Training I knew there was a lot of mucus but I couldn't get it out no matter how much I blew, I felt like I was going to die. I went to sick call a few times but nothing helped. The 2nd week we had to go through the gas chamber and when I breathed in the tear gas, I instantly felt the snot dripping out and when I blew, this clear and green comes shooting out to the ground and I instantly felt so much better. Way better than any cold medicine.
0	My friend and I were out a bar and were talking to these two cute girls.  They ended up inviting us back to a post-bar party.  The girl I was talking to seemed interested, but then her controlling ex-BF shows up.  Fortunately, on the way to the bathroom, her friend comes up to me and hands me the number of the girl I was talking to.  I go to text her a few days later to hang out, and I get an automated return text saying the number was invalid.  I got bummed, but then checked the piece of paper again, and realized the friend put dashes across the sevens.  I had accidentally entered one of the sevens as a one because the top line of the seven was faded. Texted her again and got a date.
1	I'm not completely sure what you mean by hard carrying, but i'm assuming that it means you're doing well in terms of kills and cs. Early game is defined by how well you lane and it sounds like you have that under control. If you don't win the game after starting out with an advantage, the problem seems to be that you're not utilizing the advantage.   If you find that you or your teammates are ahead in a game, try to group your team for objectives like dragons and tower instead of just sitting in lane waiting for the opponents to catch up. This can be hard to do at low elo because not many people realize the importance of objectives, but liberal use of pings will help you convince your team.   This way the game will end before the team fight stage, which will ensure you a win even with a weaker team comp.   Once late game comes along, it can be hard to win some games due to weaker team comps or incompetent players on pivotal roles.
1	It clearly wasn't Froggen over reacting.  Yes...he got angry, but the Eve was clearly trolling him because he was not participating in team fights and he said idk who froggen is.. when he clearly made a post about him later about how rude he was being.  So i basically agree with Froggen's actions.  Personally, I would have done the same thing.  People shouldn't purposefully lose a game or not try.  If you dont try in a game why play it at all.
1	I'll give you some reasons on why he is perma(not really) banned:   SoloQue:   1) He is permabanned because soloque is easy to stomp with global ultimates and since people don't have communication as a team of 5 things will get chaotic against global teams.   2) Global heroes are mostly banned but the top 2 notable bans are Twisted Fate and Shen.   3) Split pushing ability is strong.   Competitive Play:   1) Some teams specialize and uses Shen in their team comps such as Korean teams favor Shen because it can either be top or jungle and it gives them just so much presence at lvl 6 because of their ultimates.   Now, in competitive plays, people ban Shen to deny them their comps or just to deny a specific strategy.   In Soloque, people ban Twisted Fate and Shen because of their global Ultimates.   Shen has been tweaked alot and is currently in a pretty good stage, his damage isn't too high and his ultimate cooldown is in the right place. They made the energy costs efficient better than before so.
0	I. Hate. This. This is one of the reasons I decided to do a massive friend purge after college. For whatever reason, I have a really good memory when it comes to things I talk to people about and this translates to fb. If I saw someone IRL I would ask them how that test went or if they got that job or whatever. People got so creeped out! Now I'm only fb friends with people who appreciate the fact that I'm considerate and care about their lives.
1	I personally say Gg every game regardless unless I'm just absolutely  mortified by how I,myself, cost my team the game through stupidity then I'm just like "ugh not really a gg but wp enemy team, sorry team I lost this" if it's an afk I'll generally still say "gg" followed by a "sorry about the afk" and 99% of the time I'll compliment the person I laned against or if I saw some glaring huge match up mistake they make (i.e. A teemo never harassing me when I play nasus) I'll say "gg, want some advice on the match up?" And in no way am I attempting to be a dick or condescending to my opponents when I say this. Some people view it that way and I get it; there's no context or "emotional subtone" to words typed on a screen so you can't catch the auditorial tones that show someone's sincerity or someone douchebaggery through text. If they say "sure I give em what advice I can; if they say "no thanks" ok if they "gg ez get fking rekt m8 u wot?" Okay. I can't make anyone listen but I'll damn sure do my best to increase knowledge and expand what people know because they may very well be my team mate.
1	I never really liked the idea of sound proof booths - and I still don't. I'm gonna throw out an unpopular opinion here. I think crowd interaction is a very important part of sports, it gives the players a lot of motivation to play well. Playing in a sound proof booth makes the players some sort of specimen, and takes away from the live fanship vs fanship cheers that the players can hear when they make plays. Sure fans can give things away, but I just really don't want to see sound proof booths as the fix to that. I think it is a grey area that will remain grey, as I feel the pros outweigh the cons. We only see posts like this every once in awhile, and I love seeing the players hear the crowd cheering for them. For example: the TSM chants. I remember the TSM chants at the LCS finals, and regi and the rest of TSM could definitely hear them and they hyped them up even more.
1	honestly this deserves to be top comment and what is wrong with LoL as a whole. When you notice someone playing bad in league, currently, the community wants you to just shut up because you dont know if this person is about to commit suicide so "dont hurt their feelings." I know thats a huge exaggeration, but I mean come on. It's a game. If someone thinks youre bad at a game, who cares?
0	I think there had to be a tipping point where we see it enough that we have to complain about it. I imagine it is like the Nader effect, where the Green party helped Bush win.
1	On the Nautilus vs Vi analysis -   Q - the hitbox difference seems to be pretty huge, just as the fact that Vi will usually max it first - fluffing a q is a huge deal in that situation -  and needs to charge it. Oh, and naut q pulls the target.   W - %hp and shred might be nice, but the Naut shield really adds up later. Especially that, on such a tank, it is not easy to break, while at the same time having to be broken in order to stop him from applying the aoe burn. Vi's w requires her to attack a target repeatedly and is limited to one person.   E - again, it's not "just some aoe with a slow". Insofar, naut has his passive, his q and now this, Vi has a charged-up mini-knockup. That really does make a difference.   R - kind of have to agree here, with but one remark - r forces Vi to go to someone, Naut can always R someone and then peel or engage another target while the primary one is ripped to shreds by an assasin or whatnot.   Overall, Vi and Naut both fulfill different roles and trying to compare them is just impractical, and OP's comparison was based on trying to show how Naut's weaker than Vi in the bruiser category. He is but, frankly, I'd rather have him ganking and teamfighting than her. The problem with the jungle, in my opinion, is based solemnly on tank's slower clears and being prone to counterjungling.
0	I disagree. At the bottom of the screen a small blue car can be seen slowing down for no reason. This causes the car behind them to hit their brakes causing the start of the jam.
1	Yup, giving up game story here.   Sure, it could likely be lost, but the Katarina had like 17 of 21 of the opposing team's kills and we had started to stack MR. Obviously the team and I goofed up a couple times and got caught, but once we lost inhib, we surrendered, which I didn't understand.   The sad thing is, the blame game had started and of course, no one could keep their hopes up. My cries of desperation to keep playing the game (stop Kat's ult or Exhaust her) were useless and the team promptly surrendered and in came the "GG TF and Vi suck".   One thing that kind of astounded me was that the MF in the game was like, "thanks to you losers, i lost my promotion series" or something along the lines. Why don't you keep trying then? I don't think I'll ever understand the giving up mentality.
1	With all these reworks happening right now (Olaf, Zyra, Heimer, etc.), I feel like people need to understand why Riot is doing this.   First, I can totally understand that you don't want your favorite champion nerfed/changed.   However, people need to keep in mind that Riot does NOT rework champions to make them stronger/weaker or to make them competitively viable.   The sole purpose of all the reworks is to create a more healthy champion that is aesthetically sound, fun to play as, fun to play against, has counterplay, and to grant them the ability to tweak the character with number changes.   Was Heimer fun to play as? Definitely. Was the champion fun to play against? Hell no. He was a splitpushing terror, with long range poke that couldn't be avoided other than staying out of range, offered little to no ability to outplay other than jump his ass and kill him quickly. He was just a huge nuisance.   Was Olaf fun to play as? Probably. Was he fun to play against? Hell no. He had 300+ truedamage on a low cooldown making the lane extremely annoying for melees, no one could duel him with his undertow spamming, if you played AD carry you hated your life as you can't peel him. They changed him so there is a way to outplay him. They changed him so he makes more sense aesthetically: A berserker that doesn't give a fuck and murders that one target, instead of a berserker that gets extremely tanky. Now he is exactly what he's supposed to be. All that's left is buffs to his numbers to make him balanced.   Is Zyra fun to play as? Yup. Fun to play against? Not really. She is portraited as a naturefocused champion that uses plants to do her job. She does not do that at this moment. The reason why she is so strong is because she has so much burst with her other spells, that her plants become 'a good addition' other than 'her primairy tools'. She is not aesthetically sound, and is not in the place Riot wants her to be. THAT is why she's reworked.   The same applies to Xerath, who is portraited as a long range siege champion. However, while he does have long range, it's not his main purpose. At this very moment, he is more a burst caster who 100-0's you than a long range artillery. He makes no sense aesthetically and is not satisfying enough to play as (low playrate even though he's extremely strong), hence the rework.
1	Hello everyone, I go under the tags of ShadowHMF and Battousei and have been featured once on the front page of this subreddit (which was one of my more happy moments back then).   I am a casual League of Legends player, only been managing to reach Plat 3-2 as my highest rank (EUW) and a casual video editor.   Youtube:   I run a Youtube Channel:  BattouseiGaming  which is my Doom Bots video [Get Turned up to Doom (bot)]( This video being my one video reaching the 100k+ views, mainly thanks to the subreddit and also a small part of it being featured in an INSTALOK video even though no credit was thrown out to me :(.   The Youtube Channel is kinda on-hold at the moment because I haven't been able to stream/record footage for a while, but I do plan on putting out content on a more regular schedule once I have the time. If you wanna see how I started my League of Legends carrier its also documented in my channel with really old footage of me sucking majorly in the game. I also attempted to do some PBE footage but I couldn't really pull it off and not all my videos had positive feedback so I kinda stopped doing it, and as a final note, I dont really remove content from my Youtube Channel no matter the amount of hate I get on it \^^.   Twitch:   As I stated I also run a Twitch Channel which has been a somewhat of a hobby. It can be found here: [Battousei's Stream](   I worked a bit more on my Twitch Channels layout and thanks to a friend I feel like it ended up looking quite professional, but you guys can be the judge of that if you decide to check it out.   I usually play League of Legends or some other games on my Twitch Channel, can be anything from Dark Souls to World of Warcraft. Whatever I am in the mood for or whatever the few and loyal viewers I have are requesting for. I have done two complete playtroughs on my channel during a week marathon which was kinda the biggest (yet smallest) success I've had with my Channel. Those games were, funnily enough Digimon World 1 and Digimon World 2003 (gives you an idea about what I can kinda get in the mood of streaming/casting). I have an unfinished playtrough of Darksiders and a casual playtrough of Dark Souls 2 as well which I haven't come around to complete. What I am trying to say with all this is that, even though I mainly stream League of Legends I might go out and play some other game, I feel like the guys that want to check this out needs to know this.   About Me:   As a League of Legends player I mainly play in the Jungle or as an ADC. this is due to me sucking at any kind of lane matchup (haven't played top for 2 seasons straight and haven't played mid ever) so I either need someone to help me keep people away from me while I farm (ADC) or I need to do my own thing in the jungle. Mechanically I'm not the greatest but playing in the jungle for a long period of time has made me quite good at decision making and overall game strategies, at my own level. I have been playing League of Legends since mid Season 2!   As a person I am 22 year old student, studying computer science. I'm on my 5th semester and if I pass this I will be starting my bachelor (haven't decided on what yet). I live by myself and I used to have a part time job which I had to quit due to health issues. The part time job and me studying was the main reasons as to why I took a break from streaming due to not having enough time to do all 3 at once and still keep in touch with friends and family (which are the two most important things to me as of now). But since I don't have a part time job anymore I felt like I would make this post and advertise a bit. Thanks for reading :D
0	Im probably gonna be downvoted into oblivion, but ill be honest:
0	About a day or two ago I had been having a bit of a thing with this girl. We are both in high school. In school we are alone and I convinced her to hang out with me after school that day to make out. I decide to try and give her a kiss in school and she pulls away. Afterwards she says "I wanted you to kiss me!" After making note of this skip to that afternoon. After a bit of making out I say she should give me an HJ. She is against it. I proceed to push her off (She was straddling me while kissing). After that I begin to undo my belt. I put her hand on my crotch after removing each layer so she is comfortable with it and I give her the ability to protest. Once my pants were off she didn't. Pay attention. Some girls like it that way. If they do then test the waters, but if they start really being against it, then stop. I would say 3 tries. If she still doesn't want it, give up.
1	in lower elos people play a pretty good laning phase but run around like blind little chicken afterwards and have zero coordination, most of the time. if your team is 10000 gold ahead but your mid and adc thinking they are  faker  febiven and hi im gosu and try to 2 vs 5 the enemy team and towerdive their nexus turrets, suddenly your huge lead doesnt mean shit anymore.
0	Don't they address this issue in TDK? (I only vaguely remember this scene, it might be in BB) Somebody comes to Lucius trying to blackmail Batman for money because he basically figures out that Batman is getting his gear from applied sciences and Lucius simply replies to him by asking him if he is trying to blackmail a person who beats up criminal in his spare time. That comment is enough to keep the man from leaking the information. I feel that this would be enough to keep the people of applied sciences quiet for they would almost certainly figure this out, that if any of them squeal Batman may come to silence them. After all the public view of Batman is crazy vigilante.
0	As a man I've noticed the more a woman trusts you the more forthcoming she is with that information. I would say its true for me too. My gf only had one boyfriend for a very long time (I'm her second) so when she first asked me I flubbed and low balled it because I was nervous she would judge me for having more. She did not and it caused stress that I lied.
1	I don't get why people feel entitled to kiss riots ass every time they do big shit.   I mean, they have a PBE server (probably more enviroments) where they should test and fix/find some bugs in a new patch, plus they're are a company and they're far from awesome imo.   They should have a QA team to assure that software + network is working fine before releasing patches, and do some heavy load and balance tests in that environment as well (it costs money, but they're not exactly poor).   They know this patch was buggy, still they patched in NA public server (why not revert to last stable patch, after seeing it was a bad idea?).   Do u want people to say <3 Riot, when they keep screwing the game over and over again.
1	Here come the 100 downvotes comment again.   I really hate how Trick and Nightblue go about their streams. They provide close to 0 information to a large following and they actually fuck up soloqueue a bit. They play like they would, a Challenger in lower queues and they put things in that perspective. A silver or gold guy has no chance to emulate that.   I own multiple accounts and I main support. With the support changes, I stopped getting it each game so I had to play other roles. I started playing on new accounts since I had no clue how to farm, position, control waves, roam, etc. and I didn't want to ruin games at higher elo so I felt I did belong around Gold/Silver.   Now the problem is that both on EUNE and EUW if I go mid, I'm 99% sure I won't get the second, third or any blue. I always ask if I should go blue, I get no answer or I'm told I should go so I sacrifice minions for it only to have it smited away and then be told: "Lol fucking noob I'll carry you" by a 0/3/0 Kha or Udyr or whatever the hell random jungler was played on a stream.   What's the point of me being 3/0?  When the enemy gets blue buff and I don't he's going to poke the shit out of me. You take Ahri for example. She'll have  ~40mp5  without items at level 7 with blue. She will have 600 mana. She will have  6 seconds CD on Q . Rank 4 Q costs 70 mana. 6 seconds = 48 mana regen. Let's say she kills 3 creeps, that's 12 more mana from Doran. She spends 10 mana for a Q. She has ~600 mana. She will have to cast 54 Qs to run out of mana with blue...  She can cast 25 Qs while she has blue (because of duration) and that will put her at 350 mana. She needs 305 mana to use her entire kit (including ulti).   What did I achieve? If I spend my mana to push I probably will have to recall after the roam. She will be able to push my lane, roam and probably get back to lane at full mana.
0	Your title doesn't match what you're complaining about in your meme. Nothing is wrong with someone liking their costume, even if it was an obscure reference. I have yet to see anyone claim themselves to be 'cool' because of this.
0	I've seen way more scumbag Steve than his counterpart (I can't remember the name unfortunately). I have something else though.   Everyone complains about an ex. I complained about one of my exes for a long time. I thought it was her fault for the longest time. Then I realized one day that I had complained so much, that I seemed like the bitch, which caused me to think about the whole situation. I'm not going to get into details, but I realized that it wasn't entirely her fault. She texted me about a month after and apologized for what she said, and I apologized for what I said, and we walked away as adults. Unfortunately, you aren't always going to see that on reddit, nor in the real world. All I can say is to not let other people's immaturity effect you. Guys do it and girls do it. Reddit happens to have a lot of guys, so you're naturally going to see more memes depict girls as the ones in the wrong.
1	With regards to making LoL more competitive and professional, I think aesthetics and coverage/promotion is less of an issue than with gameplay.  Riot consistently ruins or at least skews the balance of the game, mostly with the release of new champs.  For a long time, I've been wishing that Riot would spend less time making new champs and more time balancing the ones that already exist.   Furthermore, they have a habit of preferring to make the game more fun than competitive, often doing things like creating a fun but barely viable champ (like Sejuani), or a fun but shitty item (moving Ionic Spark to SR).  If they want their game to be more professional and competitive, they should focus on making it more professional and competitive.  Competitive players will get more enjoyment out of the game and casuals can play a considerably more fast-paced and fun Dominion.
0	I agree fully. And Ive been to many churches. But as an adult I have yet to feel comfortable in a church for all the reasons mentioned. I like to dress a bit goth, and I have tattoos and I swear everytime im looked down on. I also tend to find churches that have mostly snobby people attending them. I just dont know why it seemed more inviting as a kid. I loved youth group, but bible study as an adult, everyone seems so pompous. I want to attend a church where i enjoy my time there, and dont feel like im counting down the minutes till its over.
0	Wrong, asking ethnicity is a way to ensure a balance of races, so that an entire college isn't made up of only white students. And I'm pretty sure that you can choose not to answer.  It's also a way to help find out demographics and finds out all kinds of information for stuff that has things to do with social sciences.
0	My research showed that LiveMeme was just as if not more sleazy and could have potentially engineered the whole scenario as quickmeme claimed. I brought those findings to Advice Animal mods but it appears they did not see the data as compelling as I did. I still use QM for non-reddit meme gen.
0	Fellow adopted kid here. I believe this happened simply because I have had people argue me that I was not adopted more than I feel should be normal. This includes one kid when I was in about 3rd grade who didn't understand what adopted meant and then said 'well if you're adopted, then I'm adopted.' I got to the point if they wanted to argue me on it, I just told them to go ask my mom, at which point she would look at them like they were stupid and confirm what I said. I also had the bully kids who occasionally would try and make fun of me for being adopted.
1	Athene hasn't harmed anyone"   Yes he has, between the verbal abuse, wasted time, and damaging their elo ratings, padding his elo with paid dodgers and game throwers.....he has harmed plenty of people.   Being verbally toxic IS harming people, its detracting from their gaming experience.   To be an ACTOR one needs to take part of a group where all participants agree to the act. Anything less? And you are just being an asshole under a guise.   Doing all the good in the world does not excuse the wrong and bad you do. Can I donate for charity and rape people at the same time and still be a good person?   I don't hate his "persona", I hate him personally because he is that screwed up to take on such a persona and its not all acting. Not everyone he "acts" with agrees to take part, its forced on them..and that makes you a bigger asshole than the person you are pretending to be.  He is not a good person by nature, he is a bully that figured out how to scapegoat the system, and you ate it up like a fat kid at a chocolate factory.   It takes a very screwed up person to be ok with acting like he does towards other people, when they don't agree to the act.
1	But prior to Bjerg joining, Regi was arguably the main initiator and shot caller yet other members of TSM clearly stepped up to fill that gap. There's nothing to say that Gleeb can't fulfil that role or that Amazing or Bjergsen or Dyrus can't either, just because Xpecial was the main initiator doesn't mean nobody else was, or is, capable.  I'm not claiming that WildGleeb will be the best botlane NA or that TSM is going to trash everyone else in the LCS but I guess I feel that everyone's explanations for why they're worse off now are too simplistic simply because Monte stated something to that effect and people like to regurgitate it - not that his reasoning was flawed, I just think people take his word as the 'truth' when he definitely wouldn't have all the information necessary to make a solid judgement.   And, I do personally think that it's not so completely outside the realm of possibility to have the new botlane do better than the older one, even in these early stages - though I won't exactly be disappointed if they don't.
0	OK. I'll tell my story.   A few years back I grew out my beard and had hair past my shoulders. I also wore a plain gray (but really warm) hoodie. I went out one day not looking my best but not horrible either.  As I'm walking I come up on a homeless Guy facing the opposite direction. As he turns around he begins to ask me "can you spare some change. "  in mid sentence he stops and says quote "my bad brotha, you know how it is." Needless to say I got a shave and a haircut the next day.
0	If you haven't, you need to address this with your gf asap and have her talk to her mom. It will only get worse otherwise.   I dated a girl for 5 years before we broke up due to distance. The entire time we dated her mom was always trying to set her up with other people. About 4 years in her mom actually tricked her into going on a blind date with her friends son. She told my gf that this guy was new in town and needed someone to show him around. Sure enough about five minutes into showing him around he mentions that "it was his first date in a while." Needless to say, both her and I had a long discussion with her mom after that.
0	An adult faced with this situation (which reasonable decision-making facilities would not allow in the first place by not dating jealous children), an adult would quietly tell the person on the other end that they are ending their relationship.  No real man or woman has to put up with such childish nonsense.
1	Game 1: You argued with your team over multiple things calling other people noobs and calling yourself the best support euw. Rather than being rude to your teammates try to help them out in a positive way.   Game 2: You threatened to feed your lane.   Game 5: You called everyone a noob. Created a lot of drama. Instead of flaming at everyone for not buying wards...ask them politely and buy some yourself.   You seem to have a bad attitude when your teammates start to do bad. Help them out in a positive manner and not be a jerk by calling them noobs and flaming, even if they are less skilled than you
0	Once had a teacher make us prepare 45 minute demonstrations.  Minimum .   This was in high school, a class of thirty paired into two person teams, so roughly 12 hours for everyone to present...nearly a month of nothing but falling asleep in class to  yet another  project.   As students, we were livid.   So my partner and I (I'm straight, sorry fellas) decided to provide an example as to why this was a bad idea.   After the third period of us presenting absolutely every single piece of information, all the inane little details we could, she stopped our presentation, and accepted the rest of the classes demonstrations in paper form.   She never made us present for more than 20 minutes after that, and has always set a maximum time for all future presentations.
1	This should summerize why madreds is not suited for Warwicks 'kit'   WW specalizes in being tanky, and still having that flat % of targets max HP on his Q. If you get a wits end, that gives you the AS you need and extra 42 magic damage per hit, and the AS benefiting your passive hitting more as well.   Frozen heart gives amazing armor, AS debuff for the enemy AD, and 20% CDR. Cooldown reduction is important for him because his ult is what defines him as a champ. Have that up 20% sooner, and you just became 20% more useful. That CDR also allows more Q spam on the enemy, which again is flat % of targets HP, which more then makes up for damage given by madreds. And the AS debuff goes along perfectly for what WW's main job is in a team fight. Taking care of the enemy AD carry (but sometimes AP carry if they are more of a threat and not super tanky). Building WW tanky allows him to dive past all 4 enemy team mates, and get right onto that AD carry (using ignite while your ult is going off) and Q'ing them right after. By this point they should be very injured, and forced to back off, or die from a few more hits from you, or likely your teammates finishing them off (Everytime I dive, I never get the kill, someone else always finishes it QQ)   Madreds is % of max hp per hit, but when your job is to ult their squishy carry, they don't have the max HP to make it worth it.   Want to finish off your CDR to 40%? Assuming you have the CDR/lvl from defensive mastery tree, you just get a spirit visage, which is more MR thus more tankyness, and that 10% CDR (I lied, FH+spirit+mastery is 38.1% but shh it's close enough)   When you look at frozen mallet it's not ideal for his job, because ulting a carry in a team fight,if the carry does live and runs, you don't chase because you already pushed them out of the fight, and you're better off turning back to the other 4 people whom your team should be fighting (if they went in after you ulted like they should be doing) and tada the carry even if they escape is neutralized in the fight. If they come back... then they are stupid because you Q them and laugh.   Why ignite over exhaust? Because for the same reason as frozen mallet, slowing the enemy isn't something WW needs as much as other champs do. His increased movement speed from E in most cases allows you to chase when needed. Plus with that nifty CDR you have, your ult is on very short cooldown, it is likely up and you don't even need to catch up to melee range on your target. But if you do need to, you can just have to run a little bit more and make sure you're not getting baited to death. I may have said this already but ignite is awesome because you can use it while you're ulting a target. Plus if going against another champ like vlad, or sion, you can make sure that your sustain beats theirs if it's a duel to the finish. (My favorite match up for WW in top lane is to fight vlads, always a good laugh) (Exhaust maybe if you have to lane top vs Kennen which is a nasty lane to deal with as is, and Exhausting them when he ults allowing you to flash/run away helps.)   Sorry for the long post, I ment it to be short, but I LOVE warwick, and using this kind of setup just makes it so much fun when you can tank people like a boss if you get early tanky items. Sometimes frozen heart before wits end is a good idea. I did it to a trynd yesterday and was laughing at the fact his hits didn't move my HP bar. So I just wanted to spread the warwick love.   P.S. The guardian angle is also an amazing item on him, but generally not build early on, if you get to late game it's awesome seeing as you have to dive into a pile of 5 enemys to get to their carry. There is a good chance you could die after completing your job as the rest of your team is beating down the enemy and laughing at the fact they focused WW when they came to back him up.   P.P.S >I've never been a huge fan of spirit visage   Your quote from another comment. I cry. Because I used to think it was not worth it, but for the price of it, the extra MR tankyness, the increased sustain on your Q + passive hits does really add up. And that CDR is exactly what you need to finish your CDR items to bring you up to the previously mentioned 38.1%
0	Because most people don't realize most of /r/Fitness knows fitness is highly subjective and activity specific. Strength training using big compound movements is the least activity specific form of training, gives most people a very big improvement in quality of life and helps the biggest percentage of people achieve their vague fitness goals (along with calorie control and a general increase in activity which is also part of the general advice).   There is a reason weight lifting is the cookie cutter advice.   On top of that there is just not much to say about cardio and if you want to talk about cardio you are better off going to the activity specific subreddit. /r/fitness does usually tell people to do cardio, there is just less talk on the subject because there are already other subs on the topic.
1	Bronze is like cancer.... I made the mistake of being obbsessed with toplane when I did placements.... (I know this is a mistake because at college I was significantly better than my roomate and carried his smurf to Gold 5 by playing mid/adc/jungle and, shamless plug inbound, DST method) Anyone who reads this DO NOT make that mistake... If you're like me and watch tons of pro streams, use probuilds/anyone professional player build reccomendations and know what you're doing. Play mid or adc. Otherwise 98.8% of the time, one of those roles WILL go full retard in your placements. I used to think that there wasnt that many dreadful players out there, but after getting stuck in bronze 3 I can confirm that the number of non-english speaking "Me mid/adc. Me smurf" is downright ludicrous. I say Bronze is like cancer because it feels like, once your in. Youre in for fucking good. Ive gotten to placements 4 times only to have them ruined most memorably the last time by a team that entirely did not speak english and ran AD TF with support Xin (who I thought was jungling) and then ran a top lane of Teemo and Soraka while I was mid as Diana. Ended lane phase 3/0/1. However the score at this point was 12-4 iirc...
1	Uhh the rules are to
1	I was hoping a post like this would appear. IMO, this subreddit starts drama so often... They may not have over-reacted, but everyone just took it as an opportunity to tear someone down, and bring out the pitchforks. It was kind of upsetting, and made me think that a lot of people didn't read froggen's entire reply. He said that he should have handled it better, and that there is a lot of stress involved in pro-gaming, and also that he was mostly just surprised they didn't know him, because as several people pointed out, the pool of players at that elo is quite small, and they usually have played with each other enough to at least know  of  them.
0	i'll bite (a little) - you're absolutely right. end of life as you know it.  so is going from kindergarten to primary school, onto high school, onto university, onto a career, onto a modicum of personal success and some joy.  it's not for everyone, and it's really hard to sell the idea of being a father, but it's definitely not as bad as people seem to believe.  it's another optional stage of life between college and retirement. with that comes some positives.  i've become much less judgmental of others and shift blame towards parents a lot more than I used to. i've gotten much better at time management. i'm far more motivated to actually do shit with my life. i eat better. i work harder so that i can switch off from it when i get home.  to have the child was a choice, even though you can literally never know what comes with it until it happens. there are too many variables.  once that decision is made, you take on responsibility for yourself, your babymomma, and your unborn child. you will never stop being responsible in some way for these extra 2 people you never really had to consider all that much in terms of your plans. aside from a bit of occasional gifted time, you do everything together - as a team.
1	The 10000 RP is received only when you do direct deposit a preloaded credit card.   This means that you need a job that has a regular enough salary that they use the direct deposit system.   Granted if you are on good terms with whoever does the payroll for you, you could potentially transfer it after one week, but the process takes time and you still have a month/week/however you get paid worth of salary on that credit card, and it costs a fee to transfer it to another account.   This essentially means that this card becomes your default credit card, and not one of those department store credit card that you just sign up to get the 15% discount.   If you are doing direct deposit to a credit card you can get some seriously good benefits since all credit card companies know that this card will get a lot of use. Banks make you advantage members, Discover gives bonus cash back, and I think Chase gives you bonus miles.   Finally, you actually need a decent enough credit score to get approved for this card, so that excludes a lot of people.
0	I have a best friend that has done this with a few of my previous stories.   Just like the rest of you, it pissed me off and for a while I thought about confronting him.   Then I realized how much of a compliment it was. You did something so epic/awesome that they tell it as their own instead of saying something they actually did. At that point I believe they think (I know he does after a few years) that this is truly one of their memories. Which again makes it even that much better. It was so good that you embedded your memories into their life AND they chose those memories to tells stories about.   Speaks wonders for what actually happened to you. That's my logic at least.   Don't let the greed of the fame of the story take over.
1	Result speak for itself? Fnatic beat C9.  C9 Beat fnatic.    Alliance beat worst tier dignitas(was worse than Millennium). Old gambit beat CLG,  TSM stomped Lemondog(2nd best EU team at the time).     EU and NA are no different. Put a league of all combined, and it will be throw city for each team each week.
1	I think Quinn top (and any other adc with some mobility) will do fine in lane, because youll see mostly tanks/bruisers up there. the big problem with taking any adc top (and why you dont really see it) is because youll most likely have issues once you hit midgame. the enemy toplaner will most likely stack armor which will be doubly effective once you start teamfighting. also that means that your frontline will only consist of your jungle/support IF they pick champs that are beafy enough. I think it'll be pretty hard for your team to win the 5v5 with the current tank meta due to a large amount of high cc/engage those champs possess. I know if I were the enemy toplaner I'd probably just rush thornmail/randuins and try to survive lane/wait for midgame. anyways
1	I think the defensive machete upgrade is actually cost efficient if you compare it to the sunfire cape - You get 50 more health, 15 armor less, and instead of the damage around you you get tenacity which means you can take tabi's instead of mercs to more than make up for the lost armor, and it costs 100 gold less, gives you some regen and the bonus damage against monsters.   Whether you want sunfire or golem spirit probably depends on the situation - On Hecarim for example I want to get Zephyr so I'd sell my machete and grab the sunfire cape instead so that I don't waste the tenacity. On Maokai I'd go for the Golem spirit because I won't be getting another tenacity item and will be getting one of the glacial upgrades so I'll have enough armor.   As for the other spirit items, I don't really know. I really don't like the look of the AP one - By the time you can buy it, you most likely no longer have sustain issues which that item tries to solve since you just make camps explode. I'd rather buy a needlessly large rod for more damage than spend money on spellvamp and CDR which won't help me with bursting during a gank, but I only jungled Diana so I guess there may be other AP junglers that need those stats.
1	nahhh, her mana costs meant she was doing what other supports were doing but then running out of mana.   i did the math a while back and her sustain was the most mana-costly excepting Taric, who isn't picked for his sustain but for his all-in with hard CC and armor shred.   the weakness of Sona was that if you poked even just a little bit and forced her to sustain with W, she would run out of mana to poke with Q + power chord. then she'd become a lackluster passive sustain support.   she was overnerfed (Nautilus patch, #134) then buffed back to viability. IMO the bigger patch was #142 (mana cost of Q Changed to 45/50/55/60/65 from 65) and not #143 (QoL changes).   FWIW, the 'over-dramatized changes' were:   Power Chord damage adjusted to 10 per level from 14+9 per level.  Hymn of Valor passive attack damage and ability power aura reduced at earlier ranks to 4/8/12/16/20 from 8/11/14/17/20.  Aria of Perseverance passive armor and magic resist aura reduced at earlier ranks to 3/6/9/12/15 from 7/9/11/13/15.  Song of Celerity passive movement speed aura reduced at earlier ranks to 4/8/12/16/20 from 8/11/14/17/20.
0	Even then I would disagree. My mom was told that I had a condition (cant remember the exact name) that my brain will be located outside of my skull at birth. And he kept trying to push her towards abortion. My mom continually said no but it got to the point where she had to switch doctors at 7months with me because of his views. And then she gave birth and I obviously have no such issues and am perfectly okay!
0	Not going to lie, I was convinced to watch it and it was hard at first. Season 1 and 2 are  very  underwhelming. They were OK to watch but totally not what I expected and not that entertaining. Then I started season 3 and it was a whole new ball game. Really, really, REALLY good. Season 4 and 5 are probably the best which is unusual because most shows are usually better in the earlier seasons.
0	I walked into a gas station bathroom, I was pleasantly surprised to see and smell it'd just been cleaned. Got to mid-piss, then noticed my eyes were burning and I started with a hacking cough.  Hurried up, got outside in the fresh air.  I asked the attendant if she had just cleaned the bathroom.   "Yes."   "Did you by chance mix cleaners?  If so, what did you use?"   "I dunno...the blue and the green stuff."   Tried to explain the whole "bleach and ammonia makes chlorine gas" thing, but I could tell she wasn't ever going to understand why that was bad.
1	1 for the post, very interesting and a good look at the psychological side of things. However (as someone studying psychology at university) I can't help but want to pick up on this...   "Here’s a fact of life: nobody performs better in high anxiety situations. Some people claim to do well under pressure, but there is no research indicating that performance increases as anxiety does for anybody. The best professional athletes are the ones who are so deep in the zone of their sports that they don’t even really notice the crowd. Or, if they do, they don’t care that they’re being watched. They may even like the attention."   Different people perform differently under different pressures. There's actually substantial research into what affects someone's 'social facilitation' or, how they perform in front of an audience or under pressure.   I was gonna ramble about different stuff but the point I want to make is this: It is found that under pressure (in general) tasks found to be EASIER (ie, more practised) by an individual become easier due to it being second nature. Like washing when you stop in the street to tie your shoelaces - people are waiting for you, but you do it lickity-split. Easy task - no thought required under pressure. However with difficult (non-well-practised) tasks that require a lot of cognitive attention, when under pressure people are found to perform worse (BLUEWIRE REDWIRE BLUEWIRE REDWIRE ARRRRGHGGHH).   EDIT : For those interested in background research Triplett (1898) is the man for research on task difficulty and performance and Uziel (2007) researched the effect of personality type on performance - do we need to be a certain type of person to be able to perform in league of legends?
0	After marking thousands of tests and exams I came to the conclusion that there is no such thing as 'incredibly obvious' answers.   As a TA I was not only involved in grading tests/exams but also in making them. And very often we included problems that were close to trivial if you did study a bit and yet those questions usually left unanswered and only a minority answered them or attempted to answer them.   In my experience, 'trivial' questions in classes/lectures appear to be trivial because you discusses them for some time and therefore everything is fresh. But if you didn't familiarize yourself with the subject after classes/lectures your newly acquired knowledge disappears and then you're in the exam/test and was once trivial in the class seems not so trivial in the exam.
0	This happened to a friend of my grandma, but quite the opposite.   One time, when I was about 10, my mom and dad left me and my sisters alone for about 2 hours to go have dinner. My two sisters are younger than me, and as the oldest brother, I was in charge. Mom told me never to pick up the phone when I'm alone, but bah, fuck it. I live in the same house my mom did when she was a kid. So after about half an hour of being alone, an old lady calls, and asks for my grandma. She doesn't live here anymore, and I don't know why the fuck I answered, but anyway, she insists my grandma still lived in my house, and she started insulting me for not passing the phone to her. She finally says "well fuck you, asshole!" and hangs up. I get a bit scared because I didn't know who she was or anything, so I disconnect the phone and don't call my mom to tell her. The old lady called about 15 minutes later, again asking for my grandma. Same drill, she doesn't live here bla bla please don't call again. She flips out big time now, not just insulting, but threatening with calling the police to my house, asking what had happened to my grandma and shit like that. I hang up, and when mom arrives I tell her who called. She started laughing, because it was one of my grandma's friends who had alzheimer, and she forgot stuff all the time. I still ended up hating that old bitch. A month later I found out she died in her house. How? She slipped and fell right on her column in the shower, paralyzing her. She was left there for 3 days until she died, no one could hear her scream, and she was fund about a week later, dead. It might be fucked up, but I was a bit happy to learn that she had died. Childhood hatred, I presume...
1	Just retards circlejerking and blowing things out of proportion. Doublelift acts the way he does because it creates hype and generates more views and popularity for the players. Idiotic fans don't realize this and think players are being 100% dead serious when trash-talking, so they get defensive.
1	I think you need more upvotes.   I am 100% still a noob at this game but I was so impressed with the look of the new Ezreal skin. The changes in how the armor looks through leveling was easily enough for me to be like "holy crap!"   I've only been playing long enough to have tried two champs (and Ezreal is not one of them) but if had had Ezreal purchased, I'd have no issue paying what he costs simply because it is unbelievably obvious how much work was put into that skin.
1	Now... On the thread title, reksai support, he has sustain(uses fury to heal while burrowed), he has his tremor sense when burrowed for those walking around in bushes, also detects invisible champs (kha, rengar, eve, shaco) when they come to gank. He has true damage which can be beefed up by storing fury. Doesn't really need damage items, he has a knock up, he has chase/initiation potential... He also has long ranged poke (burrowed q)   I can see him being a tank support tbh he has nice kit, no mana worries, take relic shield (naturally) and treat him like Leona
1	J4 is not as strong as he was a month or so ago (he lost a bit of Armor) but he can still put in a good amount of work for the team.   He brings tankiness, reduces armor on the enemy team, has a knockup to interrupt enemy channels or self-roots, slows for days with his W and Randuins, has great engage and a nice ability that allows him and his team to take objectives quickly. He especially synergizes well with Ezreal who can also grant his team attack speed to help take objectives even faster. Many team compositions can make great use of all that. Doubly true for heavily AD comps.
0	Recovering meth-head and follow fatass reporting in. Meth is the only thing I've ever been addicted to, aside from food. 8-10 years ago, I looked like I was a lot healthier than I am now. But that bad shit was eating me alive from the inside out. It IS all consuming, it took me a long time to break the addiction. Now I'm borderline morbidly obese and it feels like I need to break the same addiction. I fucking love food, but i overeat it and is going to kill me one day.   But I'm trying my best to beat this addiction too. I have a freezer full of preportioned meals, just got my first ever gym membership, and have committed to becoming a healthier person. Just got to sick to it.
1	The biggest issue with riot's e-sports department is a complete lack of consistency   They made a giant rule book for the teams and players but made no rules to police themselves or give expectations of when teams will be informed of rulings involving their team. The SK Gambit remake was a huge fiasco in part because of the decision but in bigger part because gambit wasnt informed until the day of the game.   essentially riot treats everything on a case by case basis and has no rules to look to for guiding their decisions so every case ends up being drastically different (the only commonality is that Gambit has the biggest tendency to be overlooked and then promptly shafted)   edit: and even bigger issue i totally neglected to bring up was the whole root cause of the SK Gambit remake WAS THAT A RIOT EMPLOYEE DIDNT FOLLOW THE RULES FOR LCS. The fact that someone who works for riot shows incompetence and the teams end up paying the price is just completely insane. Every single instance of poor riot decision making has been their own failures. SK Gambit = Referee failing. Gambit visa issues = Riot not planning in advance (organisation fail), NIP being forced to play without Alex in a tournament game (not a league where 2 games isnt a huge deal) = another fail by riot to plan properly, Best of 1s resulting in some weird results in both challenger scenes = Riot thinking short term (more organisation fail), NIP's players being banned out of nowhere = Inconsistent banning criteria for players along with a failure to allow the teamates that were following the rules to actually be able to adjust or at the very least have some warning to be able to find replacements. The list goes on and on but in every case RIOT's incompetence in organizing an event and creating a fair tournament with "competitive integrity"
0	Haha, see this is the problem with saying things like this in a brief summary on reddit. I'm only telling part of the story, there's a lot more to it I haven't mentioned and I'll try to clear it up below:   I never feel neglected myself due to this relationship with his parents, he always puts me first if it's a choice between them or me. i.e I was starving when were were heading to the restaurant, and he didn't say "sorry babe I gotta go see my parents" and leave me in a lurch. Instead tried to give his dad a compromise. I would have rather him just say no because he doesn't do it enough, but I can accept the solution he came up with. He's always been very good to me and I don't feel like I'm #2 to his parents. For this reason I feel like he'll always put his children first too, and won't do anything like your story above.   My only worry regarding kids is that his parents might be too demanding on how often they see our children, since they're already demanding on how often they see him and ask for his help. Ultimately the problem is more that I personally don't like how much they ask of him because he's such a great guy and they're abusing his kindness.   And he  does  say no to them sometimes, just not as often as I'd like. But I don't want to create a wedge between him and his parents, what I'm talking about is just one aspect of their relationship. They really are nice people who he's happy to have in his life, but he admits they're very manipulative. I'm here to support him and remind him that it's OK to say no, and help him not feel so horribly guilty about it. He says no to them a lot more than he used to because I've talked to him about how I felt, and I appreciate that so much. He's a wonderful, kind person and I just want him to be happy.
1	I run two most of the time because it allows me to both sustain in lane when I'm playing passive and trade well, especially if you are just poking.  I about to give a really bad example.  Lets say two champs with equal stats fight each other.  Both have 400 hp and 15 armor.  (I never said it was a good example)  One has 3 ls quints (ADC 1), the other has 2 ls 1 ad (ADC 2).  Both of them trade one auto.  ADC 1 will take 37.25 and heal back 2.1 from his auto to have a total of 364.85 Hp.  ADC 2 will take 35 damage from the auto and heal back 1.49 for a total of 366.49 Hp. Obviously, a situation where a situation where this will occur is rare, there are abilities and attack speed to take into account.  Like if you play Trist and max q first, you can go the 3 life steal quints and sustain the whole trade.  Or maybe your style or preferred build has you buying almost no life steal then its better to rely on the 6% over the 4% late game.
1	Edit: 3rd page and 21 upvotes, I nearly dropped my phone! Thanks for the internet fame all!   Edit: Grammar.
1	It was considered really bad until dominion came out. AP shaco is good in dominion because you can do JITB traps much easier. Then noobs thought : AP shaco is good in dominion, he has to be good in sf too.
1	Okey so if you are really sure you wanna buy a skin... You should know what skin to buy. You wanna buy a legendary skin? Or what?   I suggest you buy the skins for the champions you play the most. Not just like "oh i just bought Corki let me get his coolest skin". If you know what i mean.
0	I recently quit my high paying job (70k per year) because it was unsatisfying.  The last two weeks have been awesome, and I'm looking forward to the next year.  I'll be doing some odd jobs for the summer (remodeling a kitchen, a few odd finish carpentry jobs for a restaurant) then looking for a semi-full time construction management job next fall.  I was sick of working behind a desk and seeing no positive results from my work.  Save up some money and quit.  Life is too short.   edit: enough of a response to add a bit here. I'm finishing up a master's degree (final touches on my thesis right now) which was part of my impetus to quit, so I could focus on that.  I've made some good investments in the past, buying a short-sale home in 2008 that I can now rent out for extra income.  I don't have a ton of money, but I don't need a lot since my mortgage is fairly low and I don't spend a ton of money (bud, beer, food and one big vacation per year.)  I am married and a child is on the way.  At 32, I've saved some money every year so far, so I have enough saved up that I can be out of work for a while without being nervous.  And I have a varied enough skill set (carpentry, project management, energy efficiency, sustainable design) that I've never had a lot of trouble finding work.  I'm still not 100% sure what I want to do next, but I was sure that I didn't want to do what I had been doing anymore.  My advice isn't to quit your job.  But if you are unhappy with your job, start looking for other options.  And, if you can cut your expenses and save up some money, that will help.  And finding alternate sources of income through investments will make any possible down time much easier.
0	Medication really all depends on the person. Albeit, I focused somewhat better on medication, I stopped taking it after the 4th grade because I would either go apeshit insane and destroy everything I saw (I once got a little mad when I was about 7 and straight up punched a hole in the wall) or I would completely lose my personality and become drone-like. I eventually stopped taking it on my own and telling my mother that I was still taking it to show that I could be responsible and control myself without having to take pills that completely alter my personality. So, the next time I brought it up (that I didn't want to take the pills anymore), I used my 'research' to back me and eventually got to stop taking it altogether.
0	Legal mind here: his actions are not criminal in nature, they are simply incredibly unnecessary.  Civilly, he is liable for negligence, since he did not act as a reasonable person would, I.e. most people do not brake hard without a reasonable reason such as a car in front of them or reduction in speed limit- "brake checking" is not reasonable action.  While it is true that the Mercedes driver should have had more space, two wrongs don't make a right. In fact, it is highly likely OP can be made to pay for the damages to the Mercedes because a) the Mercedes insurance can find he caused it due to "brake checking" and b) OP's insurance can find the same.  Thus, OP himself would be liable and have to pay.
1	This is going to get buried, but this is my standard copy/pasted counterpoint: (ed: ok so it didn't get buried. XD)   For background, I'm not even ranked; this is completely from a mathematical standpoint. I also play chess at a ~1900 level, and chess uses a similar rating system to LoL as you probably know.   I believe that people's skills are more variable at lower levels. Someone ranked ~2100 might have a good day and play at a 2200 skill, or have a bad day and play at a ~2000 skill. However, someone rated ~800 might have a good day and have a skill of around 1200, and decide to drunkLoL one day and end up feeding. In other words, variation increases as the rating decreases.   I'd define ELO hell, then, as the area where the variation is so great that the law of large numbers requires an extremely high number of games in order to increase your rating. You might have a skill level 200 points higher than your actual rating, but it would take a lot of games to increase your rating. This is because the variation in peoples' skills is too great. In higher-level games, everyone will play at a level close to their true ELO. In lower-level games, you will have a few people who are having a great day, and play at 400 points over their level, and you will have a few people who play at 400 points below their level because they're extremely tired. Therefore, the fact that you're 200 points over the median skill level in the game won't really matter.   If you don't believe me, create a smurf and go play custom games. These people are REALLY bad; you should be able to beat them easily. However, the fact is that you will only win around 55-60% if your games because of the absurd variation in skill; if you won only 55-60% of your games in ranked, and you don't play hundreds of games, your rating would take FOREVER to increase.   On the other hand, if your skill level is 200 points higher than your ELO in a high-level game, then your ELO will quickly increase to that level because 200 points is a lot higher than the variation in skill for everybody else.   NB: I don't consider myself to be good and I don't consider myself to be in ELO hell for normals (is there even such a thing? Plus I never play when I'm not playing with 4 other friends) because I have done premades with good (~1800 ranked) people, and gotten demolished with my best champion. Therefore, I know that I am bad at this game and I hope to improve. However, I just want to point out that ELO hell makes sense from a mathematical standpoint.
0	You've received many words of encgouragement, but here's something else.   Last year I was super frustrated about never having been in a relationship. I spoke with a few of my friends and they had a unanimous agreement that you can't make it a mission or a task, to find a companion.   But I said fuck that! I took the best of both worlds.   Just be more aware and act like you have someone important. That way you'll be more friendly because there's no endgame. Every body becomes easy and fun to talk to. Stop thinking, I have to impress her or wondering what she thinks of you.   I was super into a friend of mine 3 years ago. We  just  got together and she's the best thing in my life.
1	The problem with Shaco is that he literally does his own thing the entire game.  Roaming, ganking, picking fights and deceiving away, setting up traps and waiting, talking smack in all chat.  He attracts the type of player that doesn't want to play as a team.  The result is a champ that is incredibly fun for the Shaco player, but incredibly unfun for the other 9 players.  Whether Shaco is on my team or the other team, he pisses me off.  He is the very definition of anti-fun, something that Riot has said they want to remove from the game.
1	In my eyes it is equal to what has happend to world of warcraft.  As the player base grows, you will have the same percantage of awesome, good, normal and bad players. But the admount of players that are in lower tiers are becoming heavily big. At the moment we do have 115? champion, these are at least 460 spells, and 115 passives (even more spells due to different spells like nidale does have). As i started (right after the closed beta) There were just around 50-60 Champions. At this time it was way more easy to get into the game, even so there was no meta.   So what happens now is, that it will get even more difficult for the new players to get into the game (we are still getting new champs). This changes wont effect the high tier plays, because they will still have the internal timer for themself and wont need something like a debuff warning. But it will help the new players to learn the timing until they wont need it aswell. The only negative effect i can think off is, that normal or casual players will reach the middle or higher tiers more easy, due to this implemantations and may disturb other players ingame experience duo to bad machenical skills.
1	I like EG and root for them in many games but it makes me sad to see how dominating froggen usually is but in the end , no matter how much he tries to carry , something goes wrong.
1	Bard is a champion that won't shine that much in competitive play when the team wants to play 2v2, he'll be good in 2v1 and so on I believe. He brings he a giant amount of utility to his team but he provides very little damage.   His auto's early game with I believe 15 chimes give you a 25% slow which eventually becomes a Cone, then it increases to 45% slow and to a larger cone. Keep in mind to keep upgrading your passive you must collect Chimes.   Bard is a very peculiar champion in solo queue right now because in Solo Queue people rely a lot on early game leads especially in lower ranks to simply tilt people or close games faster. Bard's gamestyle is difficult to master not because he is a mechincally difficult champion but he is a champion that relies a lot on good decision making. His ulti can be a straight game changer but landing it is easy the problem is making a good decision.   Bard's main problem is laning he is pretty weak in the lane compared to most champions today. Annie, Leona and Thresh which are the most popular supports today completely destroy him in lane. You all in Bard he dies, now Bard at the same time can sustain very easily in a lot of lanes but he isn't that good vs All in champions. Bard can also really turn ganks around with a two man stun that lasts 1.5 seconds + (depending if you are leveling up your stun or not) which alone is crazy. I think in time people will appreciate Bard more but right now he's in a funny spot.
1	You have 17 total ranked games and you're 1320 elo, you have little to no experience at all with ranked.  Players 1400 and above TYPICALLY let the first 2 or 3 picks whatever role they want to be, whether they take solos, jungle, support, or whatever.  And then the last 2 or 3 picks fufill the missing roles.  Ocelote is being a douche bag, if you just feel like playing a champion then play normal solo q and queue dodge if you don't get a solo.   Simple as that.   Also how the hell are you going to say that they all wanted to play AP solos and they could've all picked support?  They already locked in, how are they going to play support now unless oce wants to play kennen or gragas?   SK is mostly douche baggery from what I've seen, and they haven't performed at a high level in tournaments and they're severely overrated.  They have an ex starcraft brood war player that was caught hacking multiple times, and even seen talking to the LoL hacker NoS (speaking of Wetdream of course).  Wickd is a lot less douchey than oce and wetdream, and I don't know enough about the other two to say anything.   ANYWAY.
0	Yeah. That's not accurate. It wasn't a movie that I would want to see again but it wasn't about shopping. Was it terrible? Yes, but the main characters are dealing with aging and trust issues. The beginning of the movie was so cheesy it was painful. If you are saying that because they are constantly in different outfits they are encouraging materialism then I won't argue with you. That's not what you said though.   I can't believe I just wrote something defending Sex and the City 2.   Anyway, Transformers is the written by 14 year olds for 13 year olds. I'll admit I enjoyed the first one but I'll also admit I was high out of my mind when I saw it. Transformers 2 was one of the worst major releases I've ever seen. I liked Transformers cartoons as a kid so it's not like I have something against the brand. My roommate in college thought it was the best movie of that summer so I tried to avoid picking on it so I wouldn't hurt his feelings so now I make fun of it whenever I get the chance. Such is life on the internet.   Seriously though, when John Turturro looked up and saw giant robot balls they should have played this [noise](   EDIT: I wonder if Transformers is written by 14 year olds for 17 year olds? You know, like they are trying to show the big kids how cool they are with explosions, weird thumb girl and cars? We've gotten so far away from where we started. The original point I was making was just that the two franchises are on different levels in terms of maturity of content. Sex and the City may be cheesy but at least occasionally some real issues are discussed.
1	Funny how easy it is to call people "idiots" for utilizing slang. Yes, I am aware that Mark Twain was famous for his depictions of the vernacular but that's exactly the point - language is not created by rulebooks and dictionaries. Rulebooks and dictionaries are created from the language. That which is spoken often enough will eventually become incorporated into the formal rules of a language. Hence, contractions such as can't, along with other words such as bus and pants that originally began in the vernacular over time have become incorporated into "proper" English grammar and diction. The point was that the author of that particular post doesn't merit any criticism for using a perfectly acceptable, albeit slightly archaic, variation of a word.  That being said, this is the wrong subreddit for discussing this kind of matter in the first place and we're way off topic so I say we let it go.
0	For those who don't know from where Pope Francis's Homily that was posted on r/worldnews (c'mon u/LinkFixerBot!) came from, this was the Bible verse that was read at all Catholic masses across the world on Sunday:   >Therefore, I tell you that nobody speaking by the spirit of God says, "Jesus be accursed." And no one can say, "Jesus is Lord," except by the holy Spirit.   >    There are different kinds of spiritual gifts but the same Spirit;   >    there are different forms of service but the same Lord;   >    there are different workings but the same God who produces all of them in everyone.   >    To each individual the manifestation of the Spirit is given for some benefit.   >As a body is one though it has many parts, and all the parts of the body, though many, are one body, so also Christ.   >    For in one Spirit we were all baptized into one body, whether Jews or Greeks, slaves or free persons, and we were all given to drink of one Spirit.   1 Corinthians 12:3-7, 12-13 (NAB)   In verse 6, which says "there are different workings but the same God who produces all of them in everyone," Paul was stating the fact that there is no good without God, so where there is good, there must be God. The opposite would be there is only no God where Jesus/the Lord is not ("Jesus said to him,  'Do not prevent him, for whoever is not against you is for you.' " -Luke 9:50)
1	The jungler is not a "bitch", the jungler is the game changer.   Many of the top players agree that playing a jungler  is the best way to raise your solo queue ELO. In a premade, your team will defend you at level 1 without a second thought, making it even easier.   You can help top, mid, and bottom, steal buffs, get dragon, and do awesome ganks. Instead of playing a weak late-game character like Nunu, try someone like Olaf. He is strong all game and can 1v1 almost any other jungler (except trundle) and his axe is a big fuck you to squishes. When you have blue and red, and you learn to PICK UP YOUR AXE after you throw it, your ganks will be incredible due to the high dps from repeated axe throws. Get wriggles, mercs, then tank items and you're good to go. R>Q>E>W with one point in W at level 2 for the 1% max health lifesteal.
1	Correct but the charges were put in place of its absurdly low to non-existent cooldown. I'm sorry I'm being such a dick about this but it's literally almost the same thing if not weaker (the mechanics stayed the same but now you have to build up charges == no more spamming it). A lot of people were calling it a nerf.
1	Vladimir is an example of bad champion design. As far as I can fathom, the idea was that the health usage on his skills would balance out the amount of damage and sustain he has. However, his passive breaks this line of reasoning. Free stat stacking passives are never good design. There's a point in the game (Level 9), where Vladimir doesn't need to manage his spells because he has enough health and damage to completely not give a fuck.   He can't be shut down by burst because his passive gives him a ridiculous amount of health. He can't be shut down by DPS because he's essentially a DPS mage and sustains off spamming his skills. He can't be shutdown by CC, because he has his trollpool for an easy escape.   The only way to stop Vladimir getting to a point where he is ridiculously strong is to completely shut him down in lane. Once again, the trollpool allows him some leeway here as well as most Vladimir players know that laning is Vlad's weakest point in the game so they build to optimise survival in the laning phase.
1	Bloodrazors are good against enemies with high health and low magic resist. Unless it makes sense for your character to build magic pen (Kog-Maw, etc), you'll probably be better off with an infinity.   Lets make up some numbers to prove my point (but really, this is decently accurate I'd say. If you disagree on my numbers, bring it up and I'll address it or change it.)   Mid-game, squishy enemies have 1300 or so health, tanks are rocking 2k. Squishies take 52 bonus magic damage. Tanks take 80.   Squishies have 30 mr. Tanks have 80.   Squishies therefore take actually take 40 damage, not 52. Tanks take 44 damage, not 80.   Your physical damage is 108, squishies have 50 armor, tanks have 90.   Squishies take 72 damage, tanks take 57.   Total squishy damage per attack: 102. Total tank damage per attack: 101.   This is all working on the assumption you don't have magic pen or magic resist reduction on your dps character.   1.16 attacks per second   10 seconds (to even out) =  1177-1183 damage depending on whether it's the tank or the squishy.*   Now, lets say you instead bought an infinity. I'll use the same stats for everything.   Crit: 395   Non-Crit: 158   Squishy + Crit: 263   Squishy Non-Crit: 105   .892 attack speed   10 = 9 attacks  9 attacks   .2 = 1.8 crits, 7.2 non-crits  Total squishy damage = 1.8   263 + 7.2   105 = 1229.   Tank + Crit: 208   Tank + Non-Crit: 83   .892 attack speed   10 = 9 attacks  9 attacks   .2 = 1.8 crits, 7.2 non-crits  Total squishy damage = 1.8   208 + 7.2   83 = 971.   Here, infinity wins out slightly against squishies, but loses against tanks. Lets say it's later in the game, now you have a last whisper and another bf sword.   Squishies have 1800 health, 90 armor, 60 magic resist.   Tanks have 2.5k health, 160 armor, 100 magic resist.   Squishy damage /w Bloodrazor per hit: 45 (72) magic, 123 (189) physical = 168 total   Tank damage /w Bloodrazor per hit: 50 (100) magic, 96 (189) physical = 146 total   Over 10 seconds:  Squishy - 1.569   10   168 = 2635   Tank - 1.569   10   146 = 2290   Infinity normal: 239 Infinity crit: 597.5   Squishy Damage Per Crit /w Infinity: 388 Squishy Damage Per Non-Crit /w Infinity: 155   Tank Damage Per Crit /w Infinity: 305 Tank Damage Per Non-Crit /w Infinity: 122   Over 10 seconds:  Squishy - (1.3   10   .2   388) + (1.3   10   .8   155) = 2620   Tank - (1.3   10   .2   305) + (1.3   10   .8   155) = 2405   About equal damage for squishies, better damage for tanks.   These numbers will lean more and more towards the infinity the more fed you get. The thing is that going pure physical damage allows your crit chance, damage, armor penetration and armor reduction to all work together. Splitting into magic damage means less crits (or no crits at all), and split penetration or reduction between two types of defenses (or no pen/reduction for magic).   The pure physical damage build is going to give you better numbers in many situations in the early game, while giving much better numbers as you get more and more fed in the future. If you take into account 18 or 30 flat armor pen from marks/quints, the numbers are even better for infinity.   Of course, bloodrazor makes sense in some situations. If they have cho/olaf, and both are stacking health but neglecting resist, yes, it's worth it. No doubt. If you're ww and you get to hit 5 times in like a second and a half, yes, it's worth it. If you want to be able to own Nashor with ease, yes it's worth it. If you want to kill the vast majority of enemy champions the fastest you possibly can, while scaling from the moment you get your item until the end of the game, whenever that is? Skip it.   Note: Lifesteal is  NOT  useful during fights in lol. The healing will never keep up against any kind of focus fire. The money you waste on lifesteal is better spent on something else. Unless you have it because you bought a Starks or a Bloodthirster, and you already have an infinity. Then it's worth it, but not for the lifesteal - for the other effects of those two items.   Edit: Oh, another important point -- it's always better to do more damage per hit, than to hit faster. It's a problem with any time that you multiply out the damage the way I have. Having 1.5 attack speed instead of 1 doesn't actually mean that you hit 50 percent more often. The amount of times that you can just sit there and autoattack without moving, juking, dodging, chasing, or controlling distance between yourself and enemy heroes is pretty rare. These numbers would be more skewed towards infinity if there was an easy way to take this into account.   Edit 2: Man, I just realized that's pretty unreadable. Lets try this:
0	I can't speak for all schools but the one I go to if you don't study you don't get good grades (You will likely get a C max, most likely fail) it has a low admittance rate (15%) and when you graduate it has a very high job placement rate.   Since I have no money I am glad that I am on full scholarship and I worked hard during my high school career to make an opportunity like college available because going to this school seems like a great idea.   However I have a few friends that go to CC, out of 4 of them 3 of them never study and they make straight A's and regularly party and skip class. The other one isn't really cut out for college and struggles.   Do any of them spend as much studying as I do? No. Am I smarter than them? I don't think so.   Two of them will be transferring to a state school and they will get their degree from a university and if they wanted to they may go into the same field of study and career as I. Though they have learned similar material I think their chance of getting a job over me is lower because: 1) Where you graduate from is marketable to employers 2) They are not as hard working and used to work as I   Can you be successful from a CC? Absolutely. Is it the BEST way to ensure you are successful? For my career path, no.
1	I came to the exact same conclusion on CDR being fantastic on Xin Zhao. With Frozen Heart, Ghostblade, and Trinity force I had 40% CDR with 2/3 point in the CDR/level passive in defensive masteries, on the PBE. It worked exceedingly well, actually. Ghostblade is a good item on Xin Zhao that synergizes extremely well with the percentile armor reduction from his new passive. It also increases his sticking power. Frozen heart is for obvious reasons, I should think.   E was available about every 4 seconds, and similarly I was able to knock someone up about every 5 seconds. His steroid is up often and he sticks to squishies like glue with his E/Ghostblade, in addition to his ulti being a fantastic peeling tool.
1	oh i know, and i go through the other ones with saint, etc. however the
1	On the point of prioritising the carries, do you have any plans to change blue or red buff, to make them more about jungling than generic stats? (Similar to the Baron buff changes.)   In lane, your opponent is the enemy laner. In the jungle, by contrast, your primary opponent is not the other jungler, but the jungle itself. Clearing jungle camps should feel challenging, which is why it's ok that not all champions can survive in the jungle. In my opinion, the jungle buffs are both tools that let you face this more difficult environment, as well as your reward for daring to do so. That's why it feels really shit when:     You're expected to give up one of your buffs to mid possibly before you've even hit level 6     Your teammates can clear jungle camps better than you as soon as they have 1 or 2 items       The worst part of jungling right now is how fast you lose control of your jungle  to your own team . Each laner has their own area of the map that they control and are responsible for, and it would feel much better for the jungler if he really  owned  his jungle, rather than it becoming free gold for your teammates 15 minutes into the game. I know you're looking to address this with the camp and terrain changes, but
0	And this is why you don't leave yourself logged in at home when you are at work and your girlfriend is at home >.> I don't know if she forgot to logout, she is to lazy  to logout, or she is just trying to make me look bad.
0	Except he's already been punished.  Gay rights groups inundating the network to have him fired.   The news media whapping him over the head over and over.    If you can lose your job and and be crucified for a generic opinion then how free is your speech?  There was a theater director in San Francisco who was fired after saying he was against gay marriage.  Did he lose his house?  His life may have been ruined for his freedom of speech.     So you're no longer allowed to believe that being gay is a sin.
1	I see so how is you multi million dollar company coming along? They are doing there best they can and they arent gonna hire john doe off the street who doesnt know a thing about pc's like some companies and at least they dont out source everything to india. The back burner topic is plague by every company obviously you never played wow and there have been times when the whole game as down for days where no one could play because of an issue so every company has those issue and wow is still down for 3-5 hours every tuesday for matience. You said you dont want free IP then why are you bringing it up, time when it has gone down i have gotten like 5-10 game IP boosts but I dont really care if I had it or not. 3 topic you brought up is slow tech support, I havent heard many horrible stories but most are taken care in a day or two I am sure that have more than a few issue a day to address. Server issues are server issue see topic 1 anwser.
0	I've never understood it.   When I was 14, I was accused of molesting my niece. Ended up having to go through a big investigation by CYF(Child, Youth and Family), Interviews, one on one talks etc. In the end they concluded that nothing had happened and she was told that falsifying that sort of information can lead to court appearances.   After that we lost contact with that part of the family. She refused to let any of the 4 children see their grandparents and tried her best to keep my brother away from the family. Only now, 10 years later have we had contact with my brother. He left her because she cheated on him and now he doesn't even have any contact with his own children.   I love my nieces and nephews like my own children. Considering I'll probably never have kids of my own, they're the closest I'll get.
1	Nasus is only a problem if you let him become a problem. If you let a game run 60 minutes and a full tank Nasus gets 1000 stacks, there isn't much you can do. You just have to change your play style. The most common method is to pick a lane bully, freeze your lane, and deny him cs. Another method that worked really well for me was a lane swap. You don't see them as much in solo q because it can be hard to coordinate but, if you can pull it off, Nasus will be useless. Put an aggressive duo in his lane with a siege heavy adc (Caitlyn, Jinx, Lucian, Tristana). Push him to his tower and constantly poke it down until it falls. Be very careful of the jungler though. You want to end the laning phase as quickly as possible. Your solo laner needs to play carefully. His job is to stall the lane as long as possible. Your jungler should be camping the solo lane to make sure things go smoothly. Once you take the Nasus lane tower, the duo joins a solo lane and pushes more towers. Nasus has to leave his lane and his farm to match your numbers, eliminating him as the unstoppable threat he becomes late game.
1	Wooooooosh  Zileas and Morello, both Rioters, are joking with each other. Not sure what set you off but you clearly didn't read into the thread and just saw these comments. You went on a tangent over how horrible somebody is based off false information. For that, the guy is saying "poor you" for it going completely over your head because all it did was make you look foolish.
1	From what I've heard, most people have a problem with Braum's passive and his stun, so, with those in mind... what about making it so Braum's passive's stacks are applied by allies,  but  do not proc the damage or stun. The stacks just remain until Braum attacks the enemy, which will then proc the damage and stun. That way it'd feel like Braum's the one doing the heavy work, instead of just letting his carry do it for him. And about his shield... maybe instead of a movement speed bonus, it reduces his movement speed? I mean, I've read some complaints directed to how unrealistic it is that he holds his shield up and it causes him to actually move faster. But! in return for these nerfs, make it so Braum's ultimate applies a stack of his passive. That way his allies can put maximum stacks on his enemies, then Braum can just stun each enemy one by one. That way he's still able to retain his multi-target stun combo in team fights.
1	I mean, the biggest issue is while his passive makes no sense on a support, he is still a competitive pick and seen as generally a good support in many situations. A useful passive could easily push taric into the OP territory. Its a bit of flawed game design to have a passive like that on a support. However anything else may make him too strong.
0	Hehe, it's more like one of those things comics said a lot in the 90's, like men not asking for directions.   Although like I said, I don't really read assembly directions, nor did many of my friends when I had them. Part of this is assembly instructions for many things are written for the extremely dumb (think of a game console's instructions where they tell you how to plug it into the wall... like that's a task most haven't mastered). They need to be because otherwise they'll have to field a bunch of complaints about people not being able to assemble them.   But in reality, the good majority of smaller furniture pieces are ridiculously simple to assemble. Pieces are generally built to only fit properly with the piece they are supposed to be mounted to, so it's really easy to do on the fly. Like I said, the only thing that can really trip you up is using the wrong length bolt in some areas, because then you won't have the properly sized bolt some where else.   Oh, and if you're like CrystalElyse's husband and it is taking you a long time or you get frustrated in the process, you probably should read the instructions. Of course my girlfriend reads the instructions and still rage quits so some people are just beyond help.
1	This post is confusing to me... because none of the champions you listed as "can carry like no tomorrow" are actually strong carries to my knowledge... You might want to shift towards true hypercarries, champions that can affect bot lane, champions that can farm easily, and snowball champions.   True hypercarries are champions like Tryndamere, Karthus, Jax, Kog'Maw, Vayne, and Nasus (assuming you can outlane/outfarm your opponent as well as you say you can). Given enough farm, these champions are all capable of killing more than one enemy unaided, whether it be through powerful dueling, survivability, or simply raw damage output.   Champions like Karthus, Shen, Kassadin, Twisted Fate, Ahri, and Gangplank come to mind for champions that can carry and affect the map, whether through high mobility or global ultimates. If you can effectively farm off of the enemy bot lane and force dragons, you can carry the game.   Champions that farm easily are able to last hit very effectively. The best example I can think of is Mordekaiser, since he can easily clear not only minion waves, but also jungle camps with great speed, though there are plenty of others like Vladimir, Anivia, Gragas, and galio; basically anyone with good wave clear fits in this category. By farming well you can do stupid things like triple your lane opponent's cs. Forget going +40; try +140, and even better potentially. If you have enough minion kills more than your opponents you will be able to kill multiple opponents, especially with your team's help.   For Snowball champions, try champions like Talon, Leblanc, Kassadin, Jungle Alistar, Shaco, Twitch, Akali, and Fizz. All of these champions have the potential to become true wrecking balls with an early game kill or two. In general it becomes easier and easier to kill enemies with levels and gold advantage on these champions. Some are more early game dependant than others, and don't expect to pick any of them up on the first try.   Also, understand that if you're anything like me, you will come across games you just can't carry. It's okay. Climbing takes time and lots of games. be encouraged a bit by the fact that, at least in my experience, the 1200's are probably the hardest climb. I'm around 1400, 1450 on a good day, and I slowly crawled my way up there from around 900 or so (fully deserved, mind you, I sucked back then). I find that you'll hit a pattern of climbing a ways, then falling back down. then climbing a bit more, then falling back down again. It sucks, and it can be pretty discouraging, but I doubt that starting over will really help you.   Don't believe the talk you'll hear from time to time about duo queue either. Unless you have a good ad/support pairing, it's usually a lot harder to win in my experience (whether it's because your teammates are unwilling to give you what you want position-wise, or because matchmaking gave your opponents 100 elo advantage on you).   Finally, my last word of advice: check your attitude at the door. I've won ranked games with stupid, terrible team comps (try 5 ap champs-- not hybrid, true, pure, deathcap building ap's; duo lane talon/katarina with 20 cs each by 10 minutes; etc.), horrible starts/throws that seemed impossible to recover from (bot lane reverse legendary by 10 minutes; team getting aced multiple times for free during baron fights).  Time spent flaming, time spent arguing about what to do, time spent criticizing allies actions (which is all too often just flaming that you pretend is helpful), and time spent despairing about how far behind your team has fallen is all wasted time.
0	Yeah, OSX is a solid OS, but no reason to be ridin dick about it.   Also I'm a little suspicious that someone who has worked as a developer for MS and Google doesn't know how to make lists in markdown.
1	The enemy jungler won't be so screwed. First of all, for that match up to be made, i'll consider you're a 5 man premlade. So the enemy should be a 5-man premade as well. Counterjungling is a flawed mechanic when you have the correct team on the other side. For instance: If the enemy team has a strong pusher top, a single ward, he'll pretty much know everytime that you're invading the top jungle, and can get you out of position pretty easy, while your top lane has to chose between helping you or getting the cs at his turret, so either theres a kill or loss of exp. The bot jungler should work fine, if the bot laner is a good enough, but if the 2v1 gets a little ahead, it'll be very hard to come back. Galio is a great example of a champion to solo bot. But while bot can work, you're probably not going to deny the farm of the AD carry, or they could just swap their ad carry+support the wherever your suportless ad carry is, and place the bruiser bot. Not to mention that AP can usually beat AD in a 1v1 lane. . So when you stop to think, this set up can work against the meta, alright, but if the enemy team is smart enough to notice it fast and react accordingly, this strategy can go bad and downhill really quick. Both the junglers will be behind in levels and CS, and your team will most likelly lose the game if you dont make that strategy trample the enemy team fast. . I do have a replay versus that kind of strategy, and I had a really easy game, counterpicking their carry and running with a suport to his lane. Then just having my other lanes hold their own... fast enough I was enough ahead and the junglers were behind. . . .
1	How do get better at farming?  I play mainly ADC and I like to think I have great positioning for someone my level (S5), but when I watch the pros and higher level players they have almost double my CS in the same amount of time. I understand I shouldn't compare myself to them, but friends in S1 or G5 also do it so much better than I.
0	Homeboy/Homegirl, I'll make it easy on you because I've seen and experienced first-hand things like this. You let her get away = She feels no regret to your pain and has dirt on you she can make you look bad with later anyway. You confront her = She gets a bad rep and pays you back (maybe, if you are aggressive enough with your speech) and you may lose some friends, but your still young and a college student. Finding new friends isn't hard.
0	All these people posting pics of their slight thinning around their mid twenties, fuck you. I began losing when I was 12. By the time I was 15 I looked like Prince William. At 18 my hairline was practically gone. High school was hell. Sucks to constantly be paranoid about people sitting behind you and staring at your bald spots. I'm 21 now and just starting to accept it. I kept my head shaved for a few months but I kept feeling like an outcast. I would look around and see all these people my age with full heads of hair and I would get angry and depressed. It doesn't help that before it started I had long thick curly hair that so many girls would fawn over (unfortunately I didn't get the chance to use it to pick up chicks). Like I said, I'm starting to accept it and become comfortable with it. I'm letting what I have grow out just to see how it's progressed. I have a girlfriend who loves me so I don't feel the need to impress anyone, but it sucks being in your early 20s and feeling and looking like someone in their late 40s. I've been using rogaine on and off but it's never had a satisfactory result. I'm using it again now, in hopes that I might get some confidence back. Like I said, I'm thankful for having a girlfriend who loves me and my shitty hairline, but it does suck not feeling attractive to anyone.   Side note to those who have friends who are losing their hair: unless they themselves joke about it, don't tease them. I was literally driven to tears growing up, with the teasing I got in school. Just be considerate is all I ask.
0	I think videos should have a quick summary, like a
1	Why is it such a poor choice? Each hit of the ult applies the bonus damage of the Muramana, so you can get a bonus of 180 damage base (damage bonus from the mana given by the Muramana and only three orbs from her ult, no AP included) that can only go much higher. If you really wanted to be "gimmicky" about it, snag a DFG instead of a Void Staff, and blow up the tank. It will have to leave the fight, you've probably just nuked it for 2.7k health, and the rest of the team can easily take care of it. OR, blow up their Xin Zhao and watch as they now have no BC to wreck your team with.   I never said that you NEEDED it to do silly damage, just that you can even more damage. A Muramana on Syndra is hardly a terrible pick. Sure, you could buy the regular AP items, such as Liandri's Torment (which is indeed a good choice for her), but why? Actually, answer me this: Why should I not pick up a Muramana for Syndra? And no, it being a niche, gimmicky ADC item is not a valid answer. That tells me that on ADCs, it's not the best item to pick.
1	Cool video, but I'm gonna offer some criticism as a viewer that I hope you don't take offensively.  All these clips are obviously of Rumble dominating, but only a handful really made me impressed or interested as a viewer.  Watching you out-dps Tryndamere based on what looked like an item advantage, flashing and killing Lucian because he had low hp and you had damage, and some of the low hp snipes, were about as interesting as Cait ulting a low hp target and getting a kill.  It's way more interesting to see a play that really shows off good mechanics like the Gnar 1v1, the Lee kill 2v1, and the teamfight.  It's really cool to see you succeed against players who understand and respect Rumble damage, which were not all of those clips (shaco).  And I'm not saying that as a good player, I'm saying it as a viewer who likes watching Diamond videos and being blown away by the skill difference.
0	Herd Immunity doesn't require the individual members of the 'Herd' to be Immune, just resistant enough that the 'Herd' itself is Immune. I explained the maths in another reply to the above. The
0	I heard her as I was already on the 'walking away' bit, because I was walking down a corridor and she was sitting on one side and her friend on the other. And I was about 3 steps past them and stuff.   I was just taking my earbuds out. I was considering leaving them in, because normally people talking about me freaks me out >_< so I almost completely blanked them by mistake.
0	I hope you beat them 'till they cried. No one should do that shit.
1	Very thoughtfull of you indeed, however i think it will be a non 'clickable' link and people would have to copy paste it into their browser. Some might do that but a majority will just click punish anyway, since that is the way things are dealt with in the tribunal.
1	Ok so I typed this up for a different person asking the exact same question so I thought it was worth repeating. Without further ado lets get into the mix (because if you are out of the mix then you are out of the loop, &amp;amp;lt;3 Dunkey)     Kennen - one of the strongest top lane champions at the moment, while he does have a high skill cap (managing his energy, landing skill-shots, timing AA's to proc passive and generally being a squishy champ who gets up in close range) he is extraordinarily helpful as a team-fighter as his ultimate can turn around a game almost as well as a good fiddles ulti, with more inherent safety due to stuns. Both Ad and AP Kennen are very strong as top laners and counter a wide variety of common top laners. AP is very strong against melee bruisers and AD is very situational but is considered a very good counter to bruiser nidalee.     Shen - somewhat of a flavor of the month since his recent buffs however Shen remains a very strong laner and allows for a team comp with a squishier jungle (shaco, riven) the strongest way to utilize his kit is to split push hard and use your ultimate to join team fights at middle. This technique allows for the ability to control the enemies positioning to some degree and adds a level of safety to your team. Very good with a late game hyper carry (vayne, kog-maw) ulti in for dragon fights from top lane for 4v5? Alright!     Renekton - this is a personal favorite and there has been some contention on his effectiveness late game, however I find him to be an insanely strong laner (extreme lane dominance from level three as well as being one of the strongest champions under tower, yours or theirs. Great at tower-diving and surviving tower dives. Dat ulti bait) if you are curious about watching some strong Renekton play then I would check out Shampu on YouTube. Great 2200 Elo Renekton player. Starting dorans, phage brutaliser work for end game with Maw of Malmortius, Frozen Mallet, Brutalizer, Atmas, Guardian Angel and boots of choice. Really really fun to play.     Riven - A very strong early game lane dominator. I find her to be on equal grounds with renekton but I have been able to win that matchup either way. Max her Q first for most damage, W first if you want be able to more safely trade, or E first if you are losing your lane. I really like her with heal ignite to further win the lane early. Makes you a boss in 1v1.     Vlad - a strong pick for double AP top. Good AoE damage in team fights and very strong sustain once you get hex tech revolver and around level 7. A bit weak early game and not as good as Kennan for dealing with melee champs, but as long as you can zone them a bit and farm you will be a terror late game. Very strong when he hits level 9.     Rumble - another great choice for an AP top laner. A great bully champion with a lot of versatility in build style. Has a lot of damage over time that can surprise people particularly early game. Slow>flamespitter>second slow>ignite does massive damage. Then when you get to 6 lay down that ulti in their path. With a hextech revolver he can turn around getting ganked into double kills spectacularly if they decide to tower dive you. Shield + E and R slow keeps you from dying and has tower do tons of damage. His ultimate is great in the jungle and synergizes fantastically with other AOE ultimates.     Nidalee - both bruiser and AP. AP is my build of choice as it is how I first learned to play her. If you can have your team pick a team that is very strong in 4v5s or can peel well then an AP Nidalee can fit fantastically. Amazing ability to move around the map as well as split push. One of the best tower siegers in the in the game in my opinion. Works really well with a Kennen mid lane to allow for you to take blue buffs (very mana dependent, this can be lessened by going RoA first but I prefer building death cap into lichbane straight away after a few dorans rings.) Max heal first on both AD and AP and learn matchups. Bringing an AP nidalee into a game when the enemy is expecting AD can give you a great advantage.     Gangplank - I still really like Gangplank as a top laner despite a shift away from mana based top lane champions. He provides such strong team supporting abilities while scaling great into late game as well as punishing champions with weak early games. (gangplank can absolutely dominate Wukong and does quite well against Vladamir.) Lolpro.com has a very strong top lane gangplank build at the moment that I would recommend you check out. My personal preference is running him with both heal and ignite for very strong dualing capabilities. When ganked, orange out and have your fingers ready on heal and you should be fine particularly with good warding/map awareness which as a 1700 player I'm sure you have. Can still snowball very well and free assists across map with ulti. Still very strong while definitely better as a counter pick.       And finally     Lee-Sin -  Keeps getting small nerfs, continues to be one of the strongest champions in game. Amazing sustain with Safe-guard/Iron will, great killing potential with Q + ignite + R. Can stay sustained against almost any lane. My build of preference is boots + 3, dorans x2, phage, bloodthirster, Frozen Mallet into situational, randuins omen is extremely strong.      As a last idea, try Spamhappy's Poppy. So much fun to play as well as being surprisingly strong. Her passive is actually amazing and massively tilts enemy tower dives in your favor. The less tanky you build her the more use you are getting out of her passive (source: Math).   Anyways I wrote an insane amount. Hope some of this helps you. Not sure how coherent I was being as it is very late here.
1	Actually, it more or less is. Tryndamere's ult is balanced, and pretty much mandatory in order to make him viable. There's a reason Trynd remains strong while Yi is considered trash, despite Yi having a even higher damage output.   Case in point: Poppy's ult is objectively stronger than Tryndamere's ult. Yet Poppy is not considered strong. Why? Because Poppy has no sustain while Tryndamere does.   But who am I kidding? It has been shown that Redditors would rather ban Tryndamere than Morgana or Skarner. Don't expect rational reactions whenever 'TRONDOMARE TOO STRONK NERF PLOX QQ' is mentionned.
1	Ill probably get down voted into the ground, but this is the second popular post I've seen where players are complaining about new summoned icon changes. Now I could understand if it was something relating to hurting the game play or hurting the interface, but honestly all these changes are doing is giving the summoner spells a new look for the season, they have been changed in seasons past, and there is really no reason to change them besides personal preferance. I don't think its something that needs to be changed, nor do I believe Riot should really make these changes. (even though Riot is a great company that is really good at paying attention to the needs of the players, I just think they have better things to do)
1	play easy to pick up and solid champs like leona...in this elo you can really carry as a tanky support because your enemies dont know how to punish you...if they use one of their major abilities (for eyample morgana tries to cage but misses) signal your all in with a ping and e straight in..just dont dive and you will have an easy early :)
1	While i like Cloud 9 as a team, that's a bit of a bold statement "World Meta", above all people should understand how meta folds:     Champion 1 is buffed   Champion 1 becomes significally more effective to play   Champion 1 got some advantage at some point of game which deems him op, because people have no clue how to deal with that (yet)   Players seek similar champions to Champion 1 and build them alike   More and more people recognize it's popularity, meta towards certain playstyle is formed, boosted by similar new champion releases     Often the simple solution to break meta is is take one factor what forms it, and negate it's effects. Funny thing is, often it results in using dated solutions, but sometimes it's THE counter to meta at hand.   I mean, look at Koreans doing that Double AD, with Ezreal being mid. Is this new? No, it's ancient, Ezreal was a very very popular mid before ranked games even existed. Except the difference is... That Ezreal was worked towards becoming AD over these years, and the recent addition to many on-hit effects such as frozen gauntlet, muramana's active and BotRK makes his key ability (Mystic Shot, Q) a deadly, long range poking ability, basically doing everything you want, a good chunk of damage, damage based on health, armor shred, slow etc. all that with low cooldown and mana cost. Recycled strategy to counter strategy at hand.   Now now you may ask, how does that have anything to do with C9?   Simple, C9 uses the "meta" or the compositions that excel at pushing (wave clear, burst damage, steroids of all kind).   It was developed during s2 actually (yes it was the asian region). Since they didn't have access to LoL as early as NA/EU, their mechanical skills weren't as good as NA and EU for example. They were constantly behind in cs (go look if you don't believe) BUT they had champions with global presence, such as Shen, TF etc... They could turn fights un-even at any given time early on which allowed them to create pushing situations, since NA teams were prone to their cs and "farming", they sort of let that happen. Result? Loss.   Also the fact that asian regions (and m5) were under this shroud of darkness. No-one knew how they play, but they knew everything about the popular, streaming teams. Which led those (asian/m5) teams to do something, now called as "cheesing". They had a hunch what they could be playing, result - loss during bans/picks, using strategies that may result in a win once/twice or as long as the enemy doesn't realize what they're dealing with.   Take recent game of EG vs Fnatic for an example   Froggen played Twitch Mid, did Fnatic know how effective it is? No. Did they know how to counter or react to it, however? Yes. Result was poor laning phase for Froggen, but over-all a win for EG because they "cheesed"   And they aren't in this shroud anymore, they constantly display their tactics, strategies in national tournaments. I do believe C9 has a good chance to win due to the amount of homework LemonNation does for them (unless during those last games, one of the teams whips out something completely new). But i think "World Meta" is a funny wording for it.
0	Really? I was under the impression that $150-$250 in Christmas gifts was plenty for a kid (I use that loosely, up to young adult). A good computer costs a lot more than that, and yours would have to be really crappy to cost less than that. I'm guessing you're very well off though, so your son is probably pretty spoiled. Then again, I have 3 brothers, so maybe that's why I could never even imagine getting a gift like that.   My dad makes about 120k a year, and my stepmom makes about the same, but as far as I know, she  doesn't contribute nearly as much to the family, since we're not her kids.
1	Tried a team builder match with him earlier today, sat in queue for 25 minutes while playing a different game. Chatted with the team, they seemed nice. Didn't do too well to start off, however our team got 3 kills in the bot lane pretty fast, and I ended up getting killed. I was killed 3 times before I started playing ultra safe considering the 3rd death was me being towerdived. At this point our bot lane had lost their lead and the scoreboard was now even.   My team saw me with negative stats, and began blaming the entire match on me for some reason. The enemy Irelia hadn't even went to any other lanes or done anything else than go into their jungle when Nautilus tried counterjungling Shaco.   I caught up surprisingly quickly, and my stats were 4/4, I had been relevant throughout the entire match at least due to farming, so the stats were more just hoping the team would stop flaming me as well. I was the last man standing after a teamfight as our carries had positioned rather awkwardly, and Nautilus was AFKing and flaming me from the base.   I chatted with the enemy team a bit after my defeat, and they were really chill at least.
1	And that isn't even that big of a deal. Most of the cases in the Tribunal deserve to be there. It's usually people that rage consistently over a span of a certain number of games. If a player in a case had 16 instances of being reported over 5 games, he's most likely supposed to be in the Tribunal. Rarely do you have cases where the person being reported is innocent, because a consistently positive player won't merit many reports. And I'm not saying that I condone it, but if a person is in the Tribunal with many reports and doesn't seem to have been toxic in game there's a good chance he was toxic post-game, so slamming the ban button isn't really that big of a deal.
1	I actually love that you brought him up. The pick isn't some "hot list" champ that skyrockets in popularity after Koreans play them in a certain role/way. As long as you maintain situational awareness in fights, he provides a decent amount of cc and, like you mentioned, has that great sustain in the jungle. Also, very good timing for this segment as now I notice many more people trying to learn how to jungle after the jungle items changes made it much more pleasurable in general.
1	Just wanted to say i enjoy your work, and was surprised by how fast you get these
1	Mained Karma for a year. I don't even understand how people can say other supports do everything better than her. No, her heal is not  weak , it's AoE and relies on %HP missing. No CC? Eh, soft 40% MS CC that you can apply to everyone on the enemy team and a speed increase on your allies will do just fine. The shield's great as well. Who cares if you don't have a game-ending ult when you can stack CDR and win the game, team fight at a time?   I always see people decrying her early game, because "she's so weak and useless and has no burst and no sustain and nothing god I'm going to play Taric now." She's the Vayne of supports. Your early game WILL LIKELY be lack-luster, because you don't gain a full combo set that's set up to win a fight with a simple QWER. You poke, heal the adc, speed the jungle for ganks, push, shield and save lives. Karma is completely decision based; I've died waiting for the 0.2s on a mantra stack to come off to finish an adc, with my shield ready to roll. Why? Because Karma's decision based, and I made a poor decision. Other champs, you may make approximately three decisions in a team fight. Karma; you will be thinking every single millisecond.   I'm also kinda upset people are buying Karma just for the skin, IMO, past Karma players deserve to be recognized for their steadfast devotion, not just everyone who wants a free skin and can say that they "totally always played her."
1	Man this kind of abuse happened to my friend (lvl17 player) yesterday.    So it starts like this: He came to my house to play League of legends with me and he played on my account (lvl30). He was playing Tryndamere jungle for first time and it all went good for some time until we lost a team fight where his team engaged 4vs5 and of course lost it. After that team started flaming at my friend for not being there so I got mad and sold all his items and bought AP items because both our Shaco (not so bad) and Warwick were AP and they still blame me. All I said was "If you all can be AP why can't I be AP too?" , all they said is "report Trynd"
0	European here. Specifically, one from a country where common folk can't simply buy firearms.   If Zimmerman wouldn't have been able to so easily buy a gun, and therefore didn't own one, and therefore didn't have a gun on him during the ordeal, nobody would have been killed. That's a little bit of speculation, but we can be fairly certain of that. So it's extremely relevant. Likewise, many people were wondering "stand your ground" laws might have been a tad retarded or not. Also relevant.   I've read this "whoring out a tragedy" argument many times from Americans, and I am appalled at it. Partly because there isn't a better time to talk about it, but more importantly, because many people that I've seen say it (Fox News, Republicans, etc) have pushed for  horrendous  laws immediately following 9/11.
0	The grass is always greener.  I have a theory that the porn one watches has all the qualities that your partner does not (this usually holds true for men, not always women).  For instance, my ex is petite, b-cup, and smart as hell.  When I dated her, the porn I looked at was usually of thicker, huge tittied women (Lisa Ann types).  Now that we're broken up, the porn I look at is more along the lines of my ex's body type.
1	So what champion isn't viable when played well?   Pro players want safety, and if your support plays off that day they will feed horrendously on Janna. However if they play horribly on Thresh or Morgana, they can still make one clutch play late game and be useful, and that's with only their Q.   Janna can make some clutch plays with her ult, but there is also a champion who can make clutch plays with his ult while fitting the reactive support play style; IMO, Braum is a very similar champion to Janna, except for the fact that Braum is  way more safe  as he's stupidly tanky and targon's is really good.
1	You know today wasn't a complete loss for Cloud9, they should at least be able to take away that a win is possible vs SKT. > If the team that played yesterday was the same, confident team that competed in the LCS, they might have been able to pull out a victory. C9 is a much better team than they give themselves credit for. Not saying they will ALWAYS dominate, but instead they would stand a chance on the worlds stage. >
1	or they removes it from the client and just though "420 we made it bois" and decided to just increase the time and bring thepatch along, i mean blakinola already uploaded the
1	i dont hate you anymore umashi. I use to think that you were of the many bandwagoners who would ride the community FOTM, bad team = bad ind. player, and the "Hate rude guy because I'm a pussy guys" bandwagons... but I was wrong.   Where you probably went wrong in my book was your "Movement Meta" blog post, and since that post, I've irrationally hated you. Now I know, being a no longer blinded-by-hate fellow theorycrafter that: WE ALL MAKE MISTAKES (i mean, I've been calling Wukong op for a while [although I've never even played against one. at least this means I'm not on the "Getcrushedopopopop" bandwagon.) Oh, and all your guides trololol
1	Plat 2 is fucked, I was in my promo to plat 1 yesterday, and here's a summary of the three games in my series.   Game 1: diamond 5 player who stated he didn't care and was playing to fuck around. He was last pick. Someone on my team picked riven. Last pick decides to curse this guy out and says he's going top or feeding. After asking him to play something different and telling him I'll play whatever he doesn't, he instalocks singed and goes top anyway leaving the ADC bot solo. Luckily the first guy that picked top carried and the singed went like 0/6.   Game 2: Renekton smashes top, I keep mid under control as nasus jungle. Bot lane gets obliterated because they pushed without wards. Enemy jungle was never down there, he was trying to get top back in it. Renekton and I say we should group, bot and mid get caught about 4 times, leading to giving the enemy team free baron and towers. We group once and roll them, taking an inhib and two nexus towers. Bot continues to get caught and we eventually lose because of their refusal to group.   Game 3: complete clusterfuck. Me and corki bot go 3/0. Top by this point was 0/7, mid was 0/6, jungle was 0/3. They sent 5 bot for our only two deaths. Top and mid quit and they won in 16m.
0	I got banned from r/conservative bc i laughed at how they kept talking about an referencing his opinions like they werent absolute swill. Sometimes ill listen for 30 seconds when im scanning the radio in the car, last time he immediately starts talking about what a narcissist Obama was and i couldnt listen for another second... Most hypocritical thing i may have ever heard. He is a joke (who makes more than any other pundit (demagogue?)
1	Joke but its so true. Picking jungle Yi causes blame and arguing every damn time, I cant even consider picking him top. And if something goes wrong ppl just give up and start flooding the chat instead of playing and when something goes right sometimes ppl still gonna be angry and throw almost intentionaly.
1	Nobody will read this but I feel like posting xD I've had a total of 3 accounts on NA. I got perm banned on my very first acc after a year of playing, I was very toxic and never got anything over a 3 day ban so I didn't care. One day perm banned. I was very angry but still wanted to play . 2nd account was perm banned within 3 months. That's when I realized im basically toxic almost everygame at that time. I took and still take league VERY serious in ranked. Only been banned once now on my 3rd acc, and I've seen improvement in my play! First acc only was silver 3 or 2 before banned. 2nd acc was gold 5. Was gold 5 the entire time till I was per banned. When you're toxic to your team it does effect there play. They care less if they win then, might afk, feed, or just not give it there all because of what YOU said/did. Now on my 3rd acc I got placed silver 1 season 3, soon as season 4 started I went from silver 1-plat 5 in 1 week. Not only because I was actually a decent player but instead of being toxic I either said nothing or I encouraged my team when were behind, said great job, didn't rage if mistakes happend, and I always mute the other toxic players and have my team do the same.  You could be winning a game with a 5-15k gold lead with almost no chance of being able to lose, but as soon as someone starts being toxic it really decreases the chances of winning I think. And I think that because from someone who's been 800 elo in early season 2 I believe, all the way to plat 2 promos at my peak in season 4, I've always noticed in division 5 of bronze, silver etc..most people that are stuck in the bottom of there division are more toxic. And they don't seem to climb. Even from my personal experience it seems true when I could never leave gold 5, till I got my 3rd account and tried not to be toxic.
1	Buying is okay but i think investment can fail if marioIsDead wont find fun in game. Until now i purchased whole [100 PLN]( in about 2y playing, bought few champs, unlocked free 975 RP at Invite-A-Friend 1.0 programme or RiOT, and i hardly suggest of just plaing, all 450 Ip heroes are still playable, price in LoL means only about time when they was spotlighted - newest are just new, thats all.   Through that time i have played with/against all champions, but the most meaning thing for me was ONE champion that i have fell in love and that's it - you play THAT champ, you will not even notice when 6300 IP appear(maybe you'll find new love?) The tip is, dont buy much, if you really want to buy skins, do that to the champs that you are the most powerfull with and only at 50% sales - yes it will take a while but there is no reason to hurry, beter skins may came untill and you wont regret then (if its your best champ that you are playing with - you dont need skin, it gives only satisfacion)
0	It was a long time ago, just shedding some light that it happens to us boys as well, but you'll probably never hear it.   My friend in high school was about 15 and he was raped by older sisters boyfriend. They caught him and took him to jail and everything, but imagine how many don't know his story that know him?
0	I don't think many people get wet at the idea of war. The few that do either don't understand it, or are so fucked up they're beyond help.   Now, war blows. It's fucked up, scary, and for some weird reason is considered diplomatic (why else would there be a set of rules for killing?).   And those that volunteer to put themselves in harm's way - good for them. It's not so much that it's a dangerous job (I believe that there are a number of jobs more dangerous than a deployed soldier including crab fisherman)...   ...but it's a  scary  job.   However, despite me having a great deal of respect for the individuals who volunteer themselves for the military, I have unfortunately met numerous people who can't do it honorably. I have to wonder this:   Is there still honor in putting yourself in harm's way when you're a total douche in every other aspect of your life?   I don't know if the military converts people to this mindset, or if it attracts them in the first place. An old roommate of mine was in the airforce reserves as an HVAC technician, and was in Iraq for 3 months. He was a total dirtbag, never tried to improve himself, was a racist fuck, and just overall was a giant turd.   I realized that a lot of those fighting for us are basically this guy.   Another friend of mine grew up as a lazy fuck, and had a tough time belonging anywhere. He went off overseas too - Afghanistan. Gained some bigtime weight, and left the military, but only after getting a 30% disability because of PTSD. He totally doesn't have PTSD. He blames everyone else for his failures, and claims everyone else has an advantage in life over him.   Now on the other side of the coin is my dad. My dad was an officer. Officers don't deal with the shit that enlisted men have to deal with (they're pampered, yes, but they do have more responsibility over a fuckup).   He hated being in Vietnam, but he treated people with respect even when things got shitty. One of his men requested an appointment with him in the 1960s (this was when he was stationed somewhere in the southern US).   The man sat down, and said "Captain, I'm gay."   My dad was taken aback. He never knew anyone that was openly gay. He also knew that this guy would be murdered if it got back to the other men. He called another officer into his office (very loud and un-diplomatically). They worked to discharge him honorably from the military.   In the 1960s even the hippies didn't understand homosexuality. My dad didn't understand it at all, but knew how to deal with it humanely. I think considering that this is pre-don't ask, don't tell, that's a big move.   (Today he considers homosexuality normal and deserving of all civil rights).   So yeah - the military deserves a fundamental change. A universal catch-all for all the "misfits" is ripe for abuse.
0	Nutrition isn't the only benefit of organic, non-GMO crops. GMO crops do much to harm the environment around them beyond the fields. Along the same lines, the massive monoculture farms that GMO's exist upon screw over thousands of species of animals and beneficial insects, like pollinators. Organic farms lean more towards balanced practices by having multiple crops as well as non-food plants to keep pollinators around. That being said, there really isn't a way to produce food for this size of a population in massive farms without having an adverse effect on the environment. Modern farming techniques as a whole contribute to global warming by using petroleum-based fertilizers and dispersing mass amounts of pesticides into delicate environments, as well as destroying biodiversity.   I've studied environmental science at the college level and what it's really taught me is that there's never a clear solution because different things matter to different people. The best thing solution that I have is for as many people as possible to grow as much of their own food as they can, and I fully understand that that isn't possible for everyone to do. But it's a complex issue, and I don't pretend to understand everything about it. But in order to be able to change and improve the system, you have to be open to hearing legit scientific evidence for all sides of the issue, which most people aren't open to- they take the bastardized versions their news channels sell them. You're only able to see as far as you let yourself see.
0	_- thanks for the obvious advice.   I was simply stating why all these people were freaking out and "discouraging" this.  I don't personally give a fuck . Should I state that any clearer? (It's already been said in two posts below you, just making sure everyone see's it is a devil's advocate type situation I'm presenting, not my caring)
1	Likelihood is you are in (or will end up in once you learn a bit more) the top 99% of players based on your last hitting alone, even though you are slightly exaggerating the numbers. There is a hidden matchmaking rating for normal games and so once you start nearing 30 you should end up with more skilled players if you win a lot more than you lose.   You cannot do ranked until you hit 30. If you are as good as I think you are your ranked games will be against lower skill level players than your normal games initially. This is what happened to me - was getting matched vs 2k+ players (their ranked rating) in normals consistently upon hitting 30. Differently - every ranked game I played I never felt the opponents were that strong.   One thing to note is there is an inflated ELO gain/loss for the first X number of ranked games (not sure on the details exactly) but essentially if you win a lot out of the gate you will rise. Fast. Likewise if you lose a lot early on you'll end up in the depths with all the people who think they deserve a higher rating but actually got carried any time they won a game.
0	when i walked in my bedroom home early from work. one black guy had a fist in her cunt, the other had his dick shoved so far down her throat that I saw it in her throat.   That's when I was like, this probably isn't going to work.
0	Love the seal, but I hate the fact that the puffin always got to the top with popular opinons. And thats reddits fault not op. I treat unpopular opinion puffin like opposite day.
0	Thanksgiving day isn't the biggest shopping day of the year, Black Friday is. I'm stuck working on my last Thanksgiving in the states for a long time, while for some ungodly reason I'm off tomorrow.The majority of businesses are closed on Thanksgiving. It's true that some people would prefer to work, but businesses never come to the employees and say "Look, the store needs to be open on Turkey day, who can volunteer?" instead of just picking who works at random. I can honestly say I'd prefer working Black Friday, because I have no money to spend on gifts and everybody I could hang out with is going shopping.
1	talent breeds talent.  I was on the same boat. A lot of my friends have been playing for a while when I started and i naturally played against level 30's. But when i found the game, i recommended league to some new friends and they started playing too. i remember i leveled from 1-10 with my lvl 30 friends and began to play with my noobie friends once they also reached level 10. At this point, I was vastly better than them, even though we were the same level.   Even today, I am a whole league ahead of my friends that started playing the same time that i did.
1	Okay kid I'm sorry but if you think sunfire/warmogs are good items for Sej over Tanky support items you are a 1300 elo player max. Now on the rare chance that you are just amazing mechanicaly and just stupid as fuck and somehow mechanical skill carried you above 1500 (Which I seriously doubt) you got carried by matchmaking.   Wow bro calm down.   > if you don't realize that sej is a SUPPORT JUNGLE   Actually I'd say she's an INITIATOR JUNGLE in all caps. Support junglers are characterized by short-CD utility abilities (generally CC or debuffs) like Maokai's knockback, Naut's everything, Alistar's Headbutt + Pulverize, etc. Sej is not like them. Sej is more akin to either Amumu, in that she tries to use her ultimate as efficiently as possible, and past that point she's fairly useless excepting damage. Whereas Mao or Ali have high-impact non-ulti abilities that thrive on CDR and spamability, Sej without ult accomplishes very little.   > Okay assume you have at at least half a brain and realize that aegis/shurlias are a must as first items.   They are great, cost-efficient items if you are behind and need the stats ASAP. If you are getting picked off / chased in team fights, or if you are getting bursted down instantly, Shureliyas / Aegis can be very valuable. Late game, though, an Aegis isn't enough to keep you alive as Sej. She has no innate tankiness: no AS slows, no shields, no spellshields, etc. An IE PD LW AD carry is going to drop you faster than any other tank in the game if you don't build intelligently.   > Okay you have good hp so you don't need that so much   Sej gets a ton of damage from health, it's a very important stat on her. With scaling MR runes, health is pretty much all you need against AP (with the exception of high sustained damage like Ryze or Cass or Karthus, but a good clean initiate can take care of that). Your biggest priority is the enemy AD carry, and that comes through Randuin's + a huge health pool that'll take them a long time to take down.   > Now instead of doing almost unoticable dmg with sunfire you force the other team to consider you as a focus factor.   FH makes you less desirable as a target. Do you know how hard it is to kill a 3k HP, FH + Randuin's Sej? That deals about 80 damage per second? It is just not worth it for the enemy AD. You've blown the ult, you deal meager damage and offer little follow up other than slows. After the ult you pretty much offer your team damage and stickiness on the enemy AD. If you're not doing damage to him, and you're too tanky for him to kill, you can be ignored.   That's not to mention that the CDR you get from Shureliya's and Randuin's will take you to 40% if you run 0/21/9.   It all goes back to the concept of a taunt. That's the tank's role. Some champs get lucky like Shen or Rammus and have it in their kit. Some champs have soft taunts, like Nunu or Caitlyn, where they can draw focus through high-reawrd abilities that the enemy focuses on interrupting. Sej has none of this. The way you "taunt" enemies as Sej is by making them say OW OW OW WHAT THE FUCK GET HER OFF ME. You don't do this with 4k HP, 250 armor and 60% AS debuffs.   FH is a great anti-AD item. Don't expect to build it every game. Sej operates differently from those hard CC champs who provide value the longer they stay alive. Only build a FH if the enemy AD carry is dominating you, and only build it if you've already built Randuin's (your ult -> dash make it easier to get the active off on the enemy AD, which is more valuable than FH's passive).
0	Though the you all contraction argument may make sense when considering current-day vernacular, it is prudent to consider the vernacular which existed at the time which y’all was likely invented. By the late 18th century, Scots-Irish immigrants had settled in the Southern United States. It is well established that Scots-Irish immigrants frequently used the term ye aw. Some evidence suggests that y’all could have evolved from ye aw due to the influence of African slaves who may have adapted the Scots-Irish term
0	there arent even emulators for high end pcs for xbox 360 games. and the xbox one isnt exactly on the high end of specs when considering computers. would you really want them to raise the cost of the console by a possibly large amount just so you can sell your xbox 360 instead of just keeping it and playing your 360 games on it?   and this isnt getting into the fact that the consoles are built on two totally seperate architectures. powerpc for 360 and x86 for the one.
0	Well I don't, any more. Not since my C6-7 discectomy about 13 months ago. Now I just have some bulging discs at C4-5 and C5-6. Didn't come to find out until after the operation that I have a family history of this.. My dad found out he has some serious lumbar problems, and apparently my mom's mother had a cervical discectomy when she was in her 20's also. Basically, it was almost just a matter of time before something went in my neck. Actually, the idea that I might have done it to myself is last thing I want to admit. But.. the sad truth is, the  only  time in the 4 or 5 years leading up to the operation that I can think of causing any sort of injury to my cervical spine is that one time I cracked my neck a little too hard and  felt a pop .   Just to clarify: I  did  have a herniated cervical disc, it was probably set to herniate around this point in my life due to my genetics, and it's fairly likely the final straw was when I cracked my neck a little too hard.
1	I smoke enough to really not notice more than your average cigarette smoker. A buzz, that really effects nothing but a relaxing thing to do, that may make the average thing more pleasurable.  that said, the effects really just boil down to a slightly slower reaction time In decision making and mechanics, but I also generally play smarter, with better focus and analyze shit better   So I think I break even.  Trade offs for both states of sobriety,  equaling about the same level of game play.   It should be legal. For a regular smoker it does nothing more than ciggs do. Hell, I don't smoke ciggs much at all but when I do I get light headed and tipsy/dizzy(not complaining nicotine buzz is ok too) . More altering than Marijuana to me.  Though I'm sure the people new to the substance get more fucked up.
0	Right, stories are for paragraphs and
1	Irelia. I sucked at this game as we all did until I played irelia. This was before her nerfs and such but I stopped playing her cause I got bored. Couple months pass and I came back to her, and did terrible. I was devastated and tried a couple different builds until I found one I liked and she's back to being my number one champ, with 85% win ratio in ranked.
0	Like wtf did you expect them to turn out to be?   He had no/neutral opinion. Alternatively, OP expected they wouldn't be cool about having a random stranger in their house (though let's be honest — would you?). Not to mention odds of random people you meet turning out 'cool' aren't really that high.   For example: we've had a new year's party. There's 5 of us in my primary group of friends. One of these four knows some more people, there were 6 of them who were interested in having a new year's party too.   December 31 rolls by, we get to the flat where we'd have the party. What happened? Split happened. Us five would be in one room (from time to time a person from the other group would come and hang with us), the others would be in another room. When me and the 4 people I knew the most went to them to... you know, hang out, they (all except one) eventually but quickly left somewhere else and we'd end up being alone again.   Verdict: while the other 6 weren't douches in any way (I'm still indifferent about them), I would never say they turned out to be really cool.   Yes but OP brought the race in it. Let's be honest — you'd feel awkward and out of place if you were in a room with unknown people that would look completely different than you to top it off.
0	I remember hearing that this is a side-effect of the way modern popular music works (by which I mean, the Top-40 genre). Ever notice that movies with contemporary music soundtracks have the most popular songs in them when they are released, despite the fact the movie was written and filmed many months (or even more than a year) ago?   Most of your Top-40 artists don't write their own music. They may have some input, but it's done by someone else. The record company knows what songs are coming up so they try to predict what will be popular, then promote the shit out of it, effectively engineering what will be popular.   Mary the Pop-tart will have a song written for her and record it. Promoter at Big Record Corp. picks that song. He then makes deals with Large Movie Studio and Massive Media Company to make sure that song gets used in several movie and has tons of air time during a certain time period. Mary's single is released at the beginning of the year and played on all the radio stations constantly during the Spring. Come Summer, the blockbuster movie is premiered and it has Mary's song in it. Some commercials use it, the album comes out, all concerned make a pile of money. Then the process starts again.
1	THIS IS JUST SOMETHING I SUSPECT MIGHT BE TRUE , DON'T BE OFFENDED   People (especially NA people from what i see) are extremely fond of the "godlike korean team myth" that would 50-0 a NA team in a BO99" , so when they see a Korean team underperforming after being on top , they for some reason seem to be afraid to have to face a weaker team.
1	Lets start with runes: Page 1: Makes no sense, looks like you're going for a support page? The half-comittment runes do NOT work in this sense. If you are going magic resist for blues, go ALL the way, the 11 mana is useless in the short and long run. Change the gold/10, you get only 13 gold extra per minute which is barely enough if you're laning correctly. Armor is usually good here, or HP/level, call is up to you. Reds go all in on pen or flat ap/ad. Mana regen is again useless from what I'm seeing you're aiming for. Finally quints; this is OKAY if you want to run it, but better off going full hp or full move speed. Having minor bonuses really mean nothing.   Page 2: Ad page? Reds are fine. Blues and yellows are NOT optimized for AD. Usually these tend to be defensive/utility slots. If you're shooting for an ADC page; attack speed is good for both blues and yellows. Also flat armor is good for yellows while flat MR is good for blues. Quints with crit damage, this only works if you GET the crit, the vast majority of the time the rune would be completely usless. Get movespeed/health/flat ad/pen instead. You MAY have a random crit rune anywhere that gives you like 1% crit if you absolutely want that.   Page 3: Ap page, yeah? You do NOT want flat ap pure. That is just 100% silly. You are not doing yourself a favor for this minor burst in damage. If you're even slightly behind nothing will save you. Reds for AP are usually designed for penetration. You can get hybrid (my favorites) or just flat magic pen. Anything else here is pointless. Yellows should be either defensive in armor or hp/level. Best in slot for ap's. Blues can be flat ap if you wish, also CDR is good in slot along with magic resist. Dependent on your play style. I play very aggressive lane so I keep flat ap. The quints can stay ability power. HP also works to live through lane phase.   Page 4: A tanky page? Ad blues are NOTHING, better off getting MR since they provide WAY MORE mileage than 3 AD. If you're going tanky, you can swap the yellows for HP scaling for a bigger punch than the 9 armor or keep the 9 armor and swap your quints for movespeed/health for better mobility/tanking. Keep in mind defense gives more effective health, but health is health.   Page 5: ADC page I'm guessing? You need to roll with more lane minded runes instead of the long run since if you win lane you tend to win late. Reds should be AD for better cs'ing unless you want more pen if you trust in your csing and then get flat armor pen. Yellows are good to live with, can take attack speed also. For blues 1 random MR isn't going to cut it. Go all magic resist or attack speed, up to you. You  can  make the quints work, but better off going full. They would be better served to be move speed if you want to hunt people down, attack speed if you want win earlier, or ad to pack a harder punch. Keep in mind you need attack speed on one of the categories (blues/yellows/quints.)
1	Best wishes to you man. I don't know what to say,and I honestly hope everyone who read the
0	On the flip side of the coin... I straight up  hated  my last boss - he was a complete asshole, a greasy douchebag, a patronizing, condescending, womanizing, narcissistic, underhanded, despicable excuse for a human being.  He was arrogant, clueless, manipulative, regularly ignored input and blamed others when it came back to bite him in the ass.  (Seriously, ask me what I  really  thought of him)   But ya know what?  I was always polite and respectful, I did everything I was asked and busted my ass to do a good job, even when he occasionally took credit for my work.  I never tried to undermine or back stab him & tried to be as fair & tactful as I could in the skip-level meetings I had with his bosses about his performance in the last several months.  About the only unprofessional thing I did was go out for beers with other coworkers at lunch or after work to occasionally vent about how awful he was to work for.   When he left (less than a year after being hired, and I suspect just before being fired), he actually made it a point to privately thank me for being so helpful while he was there and said I was one of the best people he'd worked with.  Soooo much guilt... and yet, thank St. Fuck he's gone and I'll never have to deal with him again.
0	I'm going to give you actual advice for this. Do not be ashamed of getting yourself some Rogaine, and if that fails, a really nice hair piece. Hair loss causes serious depression in men and is not a laughing matter as much as society likes to think it is.   A lot of the generation before mine in the family went bald, and only one of them did something other than shave their heads, and I assure you that man is rockin' life in general (and married to a woman 20 years younger than him). He had one of those hair pieces made out of real hair (he's bald at the top) and it matches his actual hair. Anyway, nobody outside of close friends/family even knows he has one and he's remained confident and happy with it, and obviously nobody looks down on it.
0	as an insurance agent there are a few things wrong with this statement. first off each individual pays a portion into the system. The system is not meant to have prolonged and continued collectors. people just can't consistently get more out than they put in.  Oh, what's that You're bringing up the law of large numbers? this concept is what makes insurance possible and states that through spreading the risk among many we can create a safety net for those of us who need it. this is the backbone of insurance with actual premium coming in at a second to this rule. with the law of large numbers in place (which the government intervention helps make possible) the system is a bit less broken in that employers pay a portion and so do the employees. this ensures that employers that hibitually rely on these services pay their share for creating shitty seasonal bitch jobs. (calling the jobs bitches, not the workers. stay with me here)  Ok, so we have all of this in place and the system works, so thats the big deal? Glad you asked. the big deal is that the system is designed for catastrophic fallback, not prolonged abuse. we all know someone who has worked a cash job when they weren't supposed to. because they were on unemployment or some other situation where they had to hide it. the reasons for this very, and are up for debate. there is also a case by case element but lets just say scamming to get by is both in human nature and sometimes needed.... Where was I...  to be honest im not sure but my point boils down to this. the "i pay for it so i should use it" mentality is bad and toxic. use it if you need it but remember the system is designed to get you back on your feet and annoy the hell out of you till you get back to work.
0	coca cola made a commercial about how America was a mixing pot and all the different cultures we have here and some people threw a tiffey over it and want to at like America is a white culture with others just hear because we let them and it shouldn't be a point of pride. I saw the commercial when it aired and it was very confusing at what it was trying to sell and kinda weird but nothing offensive.
1	This isn't ALWAYS true.  I cannot tell you how many times I have been countered in lane, somehow been going even, and my jungler comes in with a horrible gank, dives the enemy under turret, and feeds a kill to snowball the lane.   Other times the jungler doesn't gank at all, which is fine, and while I am freezing my lane he comes and pushes it to the enemy tower, immediately denying me farm for the next 5 minutes.   If a jungler does not wish to be blamed for a lane, either play well or just stay the heck out my lane.   The moment the jungler enters my lane for any reason, he then IMMEDIATELY shares responsibility for my lane.   As another stated in thread, the jungler can also easily lose the game for the team.  If you aren't ganking and creating presence in the game, you essentially make laning phase a 4v5.   Now are you telling me that if the jungler camps mid, and you don't come at all that its the mid laners fault for loosing lane?  That is absurd.  Now if you are talking about feeding thats one thing, but even a diamond player will get outfarmed and loose lane if the lane becomes a 2v1.
0	No this isn't true, the hides of an animal that is slaughtered are cut off the same way. There may be a bunch of ways to skin a cat, but not many to skin a cow. Today's animals that are slaughtered have every part of the animal used. They are used is some many ways that it is almost unbelievable, their was a book or documentary about a guy who followed a pig that was slaughtered and where all the parts of a pig went and what was left over. When it was over there weren't any parts unused, the more parts that aren't used the more money is being lost
0	Once we had some construction workers building a Save-a-Lot next door and everytime they'd come in they would tip a total of $2 between four people on a roughly $60 check. So one day two of them came in. One ordered a grilled cheese sandwich without a side then decided he wanted a cup of chili. So, Instead of adding it to his sandwich I put it on his Bill seperately. It came out to about $13 for his bill. Needless to say, he was pretty befuddled and asked, '$7.99 for a grilled cheese sandwich?' I simply nodded and I told him yes with a straight face. He said he'd never come back over here. Mission accomplished.
0	Do you think so?   I think I'd respect someone who was open about their mistakes a little more than someone I'm ambiguous about, especially when the criminal courts burden of proof is "beyond reasonable doubt".   Mistrials do happen, innocent people end up in jail, but I'll probably always think if they're in prison, they're most likely guilty, and therefore if claiming innocence, they're most likely lying. From that, if they haven't been rehabilitated past that point, I wouldn't really want them let out.
0	You should have let a cart accidentally hit his car.   I never really got along with school, after I graduated I kind of just sat around and played MMO's till my dad got sick and passed. Found a job handful of months later at a retail store, everyone bugged me with "Are you in college? Why not?". It was pretty annoying to be badgered by random customers about it. 2 years later I am the manager of the same store(no prior work experience besides pushing carts) and my DM talks highly of me.
0	When did this happen? Google doesn't care about your IP when it comes to authenticating your session... the only way to gain access to somebodies Google account would be to deliberately (it can't be done accidentally) grab their session token from an intercepted cookie and then use that session token yourself... and that's been impossible to do for  many years  thanks to default (and now forced) HTTPS on Google, Facebook, etc.
1	Look closely.   > The making of a toxic douchebag ...   >... like me. This is less a rant, I am actually pretty calm right now, but more of an explanation, why there are people like me in this game, shouting at others and telling them after the game to leave ranked. If it happens to you over and over and over again that you bring your team in the lead, win lanes for them, push towers away etc. etc. etc. (see typical!!!! screenshot) and they refuse to listen to you, even though you ask them politely, i.e. without any "fk", "fking", etc. then I get mad and then I tell them, how they piss me off and why this community is so terrible. You will find a lot of tryhards in ranked like me. And you should accept it, as it clearly is a difference in words, when you compare it: normal -- ranked. It is NOT the same.
0	My father has this little history he likes to tell this one time he saved someone from drowning. The story goes that they were on the beach, and this one person knew barely how to swim, and on that particular day that guy was feeling he could conquer the tides. Basically he starts swimming, and then after a while runs out of breath, and considering the fact that he wasn't good enough to relax in the water, he started drowning.   My father saw this and rushed to his aid, but he has no lifeguard experience, and did not expect the person to try and pull him down, eventhough he is trying to save him. My father was trying to tell him that he is there to save him, all he needs to do is relax, but the person was just going on pure reflexes. My father soon realized that he is about to die with this man, and he snapped.   He punched the dude so hard in his nuts that the guy clinched together, and my father could thus swim with him back to land.
1	Ty for pointing this out, I agree with the idea that the law of large numbers says if you play enough games then you can get a higher elo. Honestly I think another point is the fact that you can almost never get placed above 1400, I know I played 10 games, went 9-1 in the first 10, got put in 1350 elo. Then first few ranked games after that were all terrible, and since the more games you play the less ELO change you get, each game dropped me about 40-60 points at first, bringing me down to like 1200. The problem then is that even though I was playing at a 1350 level before, after I play 3-4 bad games, it puts me down to a  1200, but now when I win say even 5 games in a row, i'm now only at 1270...
1	Just a small thing but it helped me a lot! Sometimes something will go wrong and you will die and you will think to yourself ''oh shit, if i did xyz that goes better and I win'' however mechanics on champions and precision execution is something that is absent even in gold/plat and i am sure above. Focus more on the decision to go in or and your decision making generally rather than mechanics.   Some people say that playing mechanically undemanding champions (think warwick) help you improve this more efficiently since the mechanical cap of that champion is very low, however you may find that very boring as I did so just try and focus on decision making generally.
1	Could you please allow 4v4 on the map? At least in Custom Games?   Sure it's not made for 4v4, but atm there is a giant hole in MOBAs regarding 4v4.   Basically if me and my friends end up being 8 people, we have no choice but to go ARAM or a Summoners Rift 4v4 (which is horrible).   I don't see the harm in allowing us to play TT 4v4 in custom games.   At least give us the option till you guys give us a real 4v4 map?
1	No offence to saint, link, or any other streamer/pro who goes through the patch notes. But the
1	Most of the revenue from streams comes from Ad revenue, then subscriptions. Seeing how LoL HD stream is free and the LoL pro scene is pretty much funded by Riot there isn't a many sponsors for LoL teams/streams there's really no point in having two streams.   Also LoL has about half of the actual game play that SC2 has; 4 groups in pool play with 6 initial players each playing each other in a BO3 series then another 2 joining each group on day 2 from the Double elimination open bracket. That's 40 players in pool play.   I'd say about half the actual games are actually streamed from the Group play section and none of the open brackets are streamed; At one event there was 4 SC2 streams, 2 devoted to 'recommended' pool series that were missed by the main streams and good bracket series.   Compared to LoL with 8 teams entering into a BO3 Double elimination bracket tournament where the vast majority, if not all, is streamed. Not streaming CLGEUs game is an outlier.
1	I think Silver is where you start seeing smart players who just dont have the mechanical skill" this is just flat out wrong. I'm a silver 2 player that has mechanics that let me outplay and win lane/game against players in plat.(Only played against a few diamond players but never finished lane/game due to random shit. The reason I'm still silver is because the decisions i sometimes make are stupid. However all my friends are plat+ and actually want to duo with me because I'm on of the few people that can hold bot lane quite well. Players in every league and division are stupid there is only a handfull of people that can even be considered of having a functioning brain. I've seen it everywhere plat players doing dumbershit than bronzies.
0	Here's what OP is saying from the point of view of the guy:   You start hooking up with some chick, and then one night you end up having sex.  As a guy you're like 'Nice!', but then you realize that you want to go again.  So you call her and boom shes staying over again.  Now you go out with her to a bar once or twice because its a fun thing to do before a night of fornication.  She happens to meet a friend and/or co-worker once in a while just in passing or on accident, but who cares? No big deal. This goes one for at least a month, maybe two or six. Then one day it happens; someones girlfriend, or some coworker is like "hey you should bring your girlfriend to our barbecue, she can be your beer pong partner".  That's where things start to go south.  You start to tell him/her that your just fuck buddies but then realize what your saying and manage an "Ok sounds great, I love beer pong." All the sudden your starring at a text that you're about to send the girl literally in your phone as 'F-Buddy' that's inviting her to a barbecue.  You hit send and theres no reply.  Days, weeks pass nothing.  That is the life cycle of the fuck buddy.
1	You need to realise that ranked is only accurate if you keep playing. If you only play a small amount of games your place most likely won't match your skill level. You are correct. Someone can get lucky and get carried to diamond in theory. However ranked isn't about playing a bunch of games and then waiting the rest of the season. Assuming this player then keeps playing ranked once in a while he will eventually get closer and closer to his actual skill level.
1	There was a team called  Gentlemen's Guild , Hauntzer (mid), Cpt Tran (jungle), Tikmyth (ADC), and Apexy (Support). They, and their friends HeavenTime and Lod, are all from Vancouver, BC other than Hauntzer.   They were offered to sign with the organization after playing with NyJacky with their friends as substitutes in NACL. Daijurjur and Tikmyth didn't join the organization anyways, so they recruited HeavenTime and Lod and moved Hauntzer top. Then Apexy left the team after the team failed to qualify for LCS and they picked up Loh.   Edit:
1	Im sorry but the math is still off. I wasn't guessing, I did the math myself some time ago, just don't know the exact numbers anymore, however I still have a decent understanding of it. You are not counting in the magicpen from sorc shoes, runes, and masteries, which all make the deathcap more favorable. Also your choice of a champion that has "high scaling" is a bit off too, try looking [here]( It hasn't been updated in a while, but it will give you and idea of the base ap ratios, which correspond to the initial burst and also the ap per second, which corresponds to the sustained damage.   EDIT: Also, considering how the items are, and how the natural scaling of armor and mres works, it is still favorable to build %armorpen against targets that don't get armor items, however it is a waste to build %magic pen against targets that don't build mres, which is a huge factor in this whole argument.   You shouldn't be so quick to type an all caps
0	Wow. You're absolutely right. The Millenial generation is the very first become more accepting of people than the previous. You're also the first to have to fix the previous generation's problems, and most certainly the first to have to deal with a turbulent economy. Or the height of unemployment in the nations history. You're the first.  Are you the smartest too?   I - and everyone in your parent's generation - said  all  of those things at what I'm assuming was your age, and all of them were true at that time. So with all due respect, have some fucking perspective. I had all of these things to deal with, as did your parents. And their parents. And THEIR parents.   Every generation has issues to deal with. There are no exceptions. None.  You're not unique in that respect. Every generation has shit to fix and problems to overcome.   Come back to this post in 20 years when  your  kids feel the same way as you do now. No charge. Tel'em The Spaceman sent ya.
0	THeres nothing wrong with accepting your spouse as is or what they will be, that said there is also nothing wrong wanting your spouse to keep healthy. Its about extremes its not good to be so ambivalent that your spuse can do whatever they see fit and you'd be ok with it I.e doing drugs, crime or even just becoming a blob., and its also not o.k to expect a person to run a 5k or extreme diet or somthing. Also everyone is dirent and maybe just maybe there ideal relationship can be different. Im not taking a side here but I do not see anything wrong with being annoyed with a spouse or significant other who just assumes they can just stop trying now that were together, it shows a lack of consideration and respect both for me and them. I also do not believe I can expect a person to change based on my whims, but that doesn't give me any obligation to remain with them if the change is so drastic that it changes what I inttaily became attracted to.
0	See, you can say this in almost any other context and your opinion would have to be accepted as valid, because, well, there are more Christian denominations out there than stars, and they all reserve the right to interpret things slightly differently from everyone else. That said, the Philippines is 80-85% catholic and ~93% Christian. Roman Catholicism has Very well defined views on the nature of contraception, and they do not consider it to be murder.  Islam is the second largest religious demographic there, ranging from ~5-11% depending on who you ask, and, by any mainstream interpretation of the Quran and relevant Hadiths does not consider contraception murder. Some interpretations of Islam consider it to be sinful, but no interpretation of Islam sees it as murder.^1 The third largest group is a filipino christian denomination called 'Iglesia ni Cristo' which makes up just over two percent of the population and recently publicly indicated its support for contraception.^2   In other words: one or maybe even many of the few hundred protestant denominations with a foothold in the Philippines may believe that contraception is murder, but even if every single protestant in the country suddenly converted to this theoretical sect, they would make up 11% of the population at maximum, and it's Very unlikely to be the case that as soon as a denomination takes one step away from Rome or a weird indigenous cult they'd suddenly hate condoms with the white hot intensity of a thousand suns.
1	There is no difference in skilllevel up to platinum dont bother about that. I play a lot of normals as you cant play ranked with certain numbers of friends and we frequenly get qued with diamond people who sometimes kick ass but also get their ass kicked. If you played a lil ranked you will not care about normals that much anymore.   And i dont know exactly what you mean by "not the whole community is like that", we are.
1	There will be a soft reset]( and we will have to play new placement matches.   Soft reset - everyone's MMR will shift towards the entry point of ranked. If your MMR is lower than the entry point you will gain MMR and if your MMR is higher than the entry point you will lose MMR.   Placement Matches - 10 matches (5 for ranked teams).   Placement - Decided by your MMR after your placement matches.   Note: Any movement on the ranked ladders during the preseason will remain when season 4 starts.
0	I'm commenting to give people some insight (I've had it happen a couple times).  Honestly, I'd love to hear people's feedback on this. I'm not talking about this specific instance necessarily.  I'm speaking about the typical too drunk to give consent rape scenero.  A great example of this would be the great "HJ bandit" that would frequent my fraternity. A girl who would jerk off guys while they were sleeping.  I wasn't one of them.   You really don't realize it, honestly.  The concept you are bringing up doesn't materialize in your thinking, although it should.  You chalk it up as a mistake that you made, and that the situation was your fault.  "Damn, I screwed up.  I shouldn't have drank that much last night."   Granted, you DON'T really feel violated/raped/taken advantage of etc.  You don't feel like that because, in your mind, you weren't taken advantage of. "Ah, I fucked up a bit last night, oh well - Pass me a beer, bro!"  It doesn't seem like that big of a deal.  In your mind you just weren't sober enough to stop it.  The concept of being too drunk to give consent doesn't really come to light.   I've read your same type of comment on Reddit before.  That's when it kinda "clicked".   I'd say it's technically rape. It's just weird to wrap your head around that when said guy doesn't feel violated.  If I can't jump into bed with a girl after she passes out, why can she? Forget that noise, man.  After I realized this it kinda pissed me off.  If I told you no earlier in the night, why do you think it's okay to find me, blacked out, at 3AM and take me to bed?  Personally, if this were to happen I would still mainly blame myself for getting too drunk.  That still doesn't mean I wasn't taken advantage of.  THAT ALSO DOESN'T MEAN DRUNK GIRLS HAVE IT COMING.  That is a very dangerous and horrible thing to think.   What's interesting is if this were to happen again, I still wouldn't feel like a rape victim.  I'd be a bit mad, but not typical rape victim feelings.  Idk I'd love to hear your thoughts on this.   Also, I'm not talking about that "I got really drunk and hooked up with a fat chick -eww" bull shit.  That's your own damn fault.  I"m speaking about being taken advantage of.   Sorry, didn't realize how long this was!
1	There are also other factors of ELO Hell that have yet to be discussed, you may say these don't occur as much as you would think but unfortunately they do. Trolls and Leavers/AFKers. Yes it is possible to win 4v5 but add the before mentioned challenges and its a lot more difficult. I won't go into full detail on this one considering how long this post has already gotten. Here's an example for you from YESTERDAY; Troll - "Either I jungle or I troll" picks trundle we scout the invade into out blue still runs straight into them for first blood.  AFKers  - After a rough 40 minute game we've caught up I'm at almost 300 cs with Caitlyn even after the initial feeding from our mid Kog and top GP we're winning team fights because of our jungle and I. He unexpectedly just goes AFK.  *The value of ELO in ELO Hell isn't really that greatly appreciated and players will sacrifice it just to get their way or if they cannot get their way make you suffer for it.   In-Fighting/Morale  It dies when your team gives up first blood or when your mid gets ganked because he didn't ward and blames it on the jungle. Its really like a hymen it doesn't just break when you stick your dick into it, it can break with the smallest amount of physical activity. And when it breaks either it GUSHES out the blood and just a bit no one will ever really know til you break it.   Warding  N/A  The greatest thing about ELO Hell is that  "Only Supports are supposed to ward" /facepalm   I know a lot of people will jump on the bandwagon on each side one for the "ELO Hell doesn't exist and you belong where you are" and the "Yeah I know right, I'm so not supposed to be in ELO hell I'm like at least 2300 ELO" Let's be realistic There is a Small group of players in ELO Hell that don't belong there and there are some that belong there, we do exist, it is happening to us, and we pray that you don't join us. Hang in there brothers and sisters   In Conclusion I would really appreciate it if the little kids would stay out of this discussion  I don't want to see you're there because you deserve to be in there unless you have a valid arguement to back up that statement  unless there is actually something productive they can add and I would like to hear this community's thoughts on "ELO Hell" as I have explained it.
1	He's probably my favorite to play due to the juking potential, love to be tricksy! The problem is that aside from the clone, his damage is all single target.   Shaco is an assassin but unlike, say, akali, there really isn't any consistent AoE you can add to swing the tide of a battle. In a 5v5 team fight there are a few tricks like cloning in the bushes and sending in your clone right before the rest of your group as a good initiator. Also dropping jitb behind their group to stop runners, or behind your own team to help with retreat. Shaco is particularly good at chasing down that fleeing champion with 10% hp.   But overall, that's not what's important in a high level game. The teams usually coalesce into 5v5 around the 12 minute mark and the deciding factor (barring bad teamwork and mistakes) of who takes down the middle tower is going to be 1) who's got the heals to keep pushing, 2) who's got the stuns to pick off individuals, and 3) the aoe for pushing minions and dealing mass damage to the other team.   The other problem is if shaco's still 0-0 at 10 minutes he's got very little money and he still can't farm terribly well at this level. This will happen even to the best players if you're playing in a lane with a good healer, or two tanks, or god forbid that damnable evil taunting turtle that screws with his playstyle so much. Shaco will be barely finishing off his sheen which really doesn't bode well for the soon to happen team fights.   That said, I think the most important thing is actually the makeup of the other team. If there's no healers and only 1 tank with a bunch of squishies, Shaco will have a ball.
0	Depends on how you look at it. These other tribes who were ordered murdered and killed had at one time had the chance to follow God and accept him- Melchezedek was a king in Canaan who followed God when Abraham went through the area.   Omnipotent, omniscient God understood that these cultures would corrupt his chosen people to whom his law had been given, and ordered them destroyed to prevent total apostacy (and had Israel had done that, it would have been one generation, during a war for territory)  Yes, he commanded order and brought wrath, but it was to keep his people set apart in their land.   Wierd laws like the animal sacrifice you mentioned were to keep people from giving god their flawed and broken creatures. He's not a fan of leftovers. Other things like the dietary/clothing rules were to keep his people special so that outsiders could easily identify jewish folk and ideally through their righteousness show God's superiority to heathen deities.   The concept of heaven/hell club is not about knowing/following God. Its about being perfect under the law. And everyone has as sometime broken the moral Code of God. Even in cultures where very little of the law is taught, all people have failed it at some point, which is where that virgin baby self-son comes in.
1	AD Teemo is just bad... his range is too small for large amounts of dps, hes also too squishy. Also your E becomes useless.   Onhit teemo with a rabadons (makes your e and shrooms do so much damage) imo is the best. you would function and position like an ad carry, but even if you are forced out of the fight, your poison would still do shittons of damage.
1	Honestly I don't see what's so annoying about Yasuo, you see someone pick Yasuo, you pickZed with exhaust, you pick Fiora with exhaust, you take fizz with ignite and max W, you pick someone that doesn't require skillshots and take exhaust and proceed to make him 0-10 in lane and if you let him reach late game then you deserve to lose with that much of a lead.   Instead of complaining and asking for nerfs, why not learn to play around him? Yasuo is only good against skillshot based champions. He is absolutely amazing a making a casters life hell. HOWEVER Yasuo cannot beat a fighter early, beat another non based skill shot assassin. It takes him roughly 6.5k gold - 10k gold to be extremely effective and actually able to 1v2, 1v3. But if you played the lane properly by the time he has 10k gold, you should have 15k.
1	Usually in Bronze (Bronze 3 here) a person who builds support can usually carry harder than Psuedo-supports.   with the implementation of increased Support gold, it has encoruaged utility mages (Lissandra, Syndra, Cassiopiea) base utility champs (Gangplank -don't ask-, Lee Sin) and the likes. However I do think that 'support' champs still have a one up on these not so common supports, who think they can carry.   There was a issue in S2 early S3, with 'kill lanes' (running two tanky tops or assassins, bot lane) but the problem is they need to stomp hard and ruin the opposing ADC or the ADC just catches up and puts out more damage.   The issue with this 'carry' supports I think is that they lack the sheer utility that a traditional support can bring.   Sure you can use Lissandra who brings 3 CC moves (a Slow, A Stun and  Root) who scales decently well with items, however she still NEEDS those items to be useful. Say said Lissandra walks into lane and the enemy lane is something traditional but strong (Ashe/Leona maybe) if the traditional lane gets a one-up they will repeatedly stomp because the Support (Leona is this case, brings a lot more to the lane then Lissandra does).   Supports were designed to function on low gold income, therefore losing a lane for a support is not the end. I can recall many times where I have done terribly in lane, but the utility I have has been enough to turn teamfights or kite the enemy long enough for them to get caught out.
1	I started playing lol and ended up at solomid for guildes because everyone said they worked better.  Started watching chaox videos and following his live stream and now watch oddone and xspecial as well as most of the tsm and crs players on twitch (I have no idea where i can find other pro streams and i wish they were all housed in the same place).  I wish people would stop with just saying mean things in this thread because I think if the players read it they'd just get turned off by all the negative comments and end up not reading the constructive criticism.  The guys are just learning how to be pro and TSM as a brand.  The OP did some ranting but he makes good points.  I also think it'll take time for them to make changes but as far as I know this weekly invitational is new and so answering questions in a Q&A setting is new to everyone too.  (as in sitting there answering not streaming also)   My one thought to the team after reading a bunch of comments is - Even though it's the 300th time you've been asked the same question, this is the first time that person is asking you for an answer.  Just because you've written a guide doesn't mean that person has read it and why would they if they don't get a good impression from you?  Having any sort of fame means that your interaction with fans will become very redundant and monotonous for you, but always a thrill for them.  Some famous people are really good at this in making a fan feel like they really appreciate them and care about them.  But really they're having this same conversation over and over and over again.  I've heard OddOne or chaox answer the same questions often on their streams without sounding bored.  Why criticize the whole team?
1	Wall of Text inc! Well imma stop with this now since you cannot really understand that jump isnt the propper word for this and everyone can "survive" assasins. Also Zac is considered mainly as a top lane in my opinion also its not abour voidings its about Malzahar's skin Also i dont thing that S is for strike and style and surge also that W thing is also very unlikable cus you need to hide from every spell in order to have more health.Also she has got 3 skins and its more possible to be for champ with release one. For the "A" hint it could easily be any other letter to be reliable enough. You really don't want the skin to be Jinx one or just like to argue much :D
1	There are constantly threads about this on this subreddit and on the League forums.  People who have spent thousands and got banned for whatever reason.  Plain and simple, they ban you if they need to.  If your behavior isn't good and it becomes a real problem to where you're getting reported enough to be banned, they don't care, and will ban you.  The money you've spent, you've already spent.  Do they think you will spend more? Sure, but you are deterring a lot of others that would even only potentially spend half of what you would, but they don't want to play because players like the ones being banned exist.
1	From the op: "I will post some questions directed to professional players. Anyone can respond, but I'd love to hear from the guys who set the pace".
1	After your initial chat restrictions are closing out, the system uses a whole lot of data to assess whether or not your restrictions needs extending. This data includes, but is not limited to:     Reports in the lobby from other summoners.   What you use your restricted messages to say. Be aware, however, that 'easy', 'ez', 'gg easy', 'gg ez' amongst many other bad manner phrases are considered unsportsmanlike. If you do say it, you're essentially telling your opponents that they offered you no challenge, even though they're in the same elo bracket as you and, very likely, killed you a number of times. Saying it is simply ignorance and idiocy and is correct in warranting an extension in chat restriction.      You have to understand that if your behaviour did actually improve, the system would likely increase your restrictions by a smaller number than your initial set to ensure that you aren't going to feel defeated by the system and return to your old ways.   Example 1. You receive a 150 chat restriction. You abide by the rules and are pleasant. Game 150 takes place and you receive a 60 game chat restriction. You think that this is ridiculous as you were on your best behaviour and kick up a fuss on reddit and the forums, before going into a game and starting to be bad mannered because you perceive the system to be broken and you don't think you'll ever get free of the restrictions. At the end of the 60 games, you receive a 300 game chat restriction and proclaim a false sense of achievement, because you knew it would happen because riot is out to get you, or players on the team are out to get you, or players on the enemy team report you for nothing etc etc.   Example 1b. Game 150 takes place and you receive a 60 game chat restriction. You realise that this is a test. You abide by the rules and after 60 games, receive a 30 game chat restriction. You're pleasant throughout and have realised that having good manners actually goes a long way. Game 30 finishes and your chat is no longer restricted.   Realise that you have to change your behaviour for the better in order for it to be recognised and rewarded. If you're getting more chat bans, it's because you're being detrimental to the people you play with.
1	He just meant that TL's solo lanes under-perform with Piglet and do amazing with Keith.   I agree with it because it does seem like they're completely different players with Keith.   Edit:
1	I originally thought it stemmed from Fabbyyy the Gatekeeper. But now I'm thinking it may have something to do with splitpushing and backdooring their inhibs to flood their base with super minions, i.e. opening the gates for the super minions.
1	I missed the vulcan game because I had to work but I was excited to come home and watch dig game and see clg take both wins.   I was just completely shocked that they lost to vulcan. (Less shocked that they lossed to dig, their games are usually pretty close).   The one thing that I do agree with is what people say about hotshot. All he plays are champs like cho, galio, malphite, shen. He never tries to be the carry like he used to be with nidalee. (when clg was the #1 team in the world)   Chausters jungling seemed pretty lackluster also. He should have rolled over dig when he went 2/0 as mundo, but he actually fell slightly behind in cs compared Vi. He also had some really bad smites, they didn't cost him anything that game because dig didn't take advantage, but their were at least two times where they could have easilly lost dragon, or blue buff because of his smites.   I still think CLG are looking pretty good, it's gonna sound like an excuse but I think they just need a few more games played as a team because of all the changes. Link is doing really well and doublemoo seems to be doing alright.
0	We're actually in one of the most peaceful generations in history right now. It's just that every small modern event gets broadcasted everywhere, while we only hear the
0	Based on his answer:
0	I would love to be able to poo standing up without messing myself. I'm not talking about squatting over the toilet either. I want to poop standing up just like a horse does it. They can even poop while they're walking, or even while pulling a cart down the middle of main street.
1	You can macro a key on your keyboard to a mouse button, and it makes sense to pick two buttons far away from where you normally place your keyboard hand, like o and -.   That allows him to free up his f and d keys for an alternative bind setup.
1	The only reason I'm still playing is because I don't want to be bad at a different MOBA again. Having to relearn the champs, items, abilities, objectives, etc.  Just takes time. I agree with a lot of what you said, but I can let most of that slide without getting too annoyed. The one thing I can't though, is the fact that they have these featured game modes. The game modes themselves are okay for a bit, and then its boring.   But.   U.R.F. was never, not once in the two straight weeks I played it, boring. It never got old or made me angry. I would laugh when I was losing. I would laugh when someone was feeding. You get what I'm saying. I understand it was a limited time game mode and they had more ideas they wanted to bring out. That's nice. If I game mode was popular like URF, why not keep it in the game? The amount of people I've heard say, "If URF was still around I would play league", is really high.
1	I got Arctic Ops Kennen on release. I own Astronaut Teemo legendary, and if it's not Rocketeer Tristana then it's not worth it.
0	Note, I'm not in HR and am simply posting this to present a possible view from the other side of the fence...   If I was in HR, comparing 200 applications and someone did not follow the application process my company outlined, I'd be forced to make conclusions based on the little information I have at hand.   For starters, I just need to find someone right for the job. This positions with many applicants are typically not a of great responsibility where we need  the perfect  match. Therefore, if 30% of the applicants fail some simple criteria I'd just start looking at the other 70%.   One of these criteria is being able to compare applicants to each other. "Resume already uploaded" does not really compare well to "1 year experiance with Foo" or "Little experience, but desire to learn".   Of course, if no-one seemed to match in the 70% I'll look at the rest.   But what will I initially think of the "resume already uploaded" fields ? 1) The applicant thinkgs his/her time is way more important than mine.   2) The applicant will not do what is asked of him. (I dont want mindless drones; but I do not want people deciding to do other than told without them possibly knowing  why  they were told to that in the first place)   3) The applicant might be lazy as fuck   4) The applicant might simply be fed up with applying for 2000 jobs, and filling all the same fields all over. Tough-fucking-luck. I'm here to fill  this  position, and I cannot possible care about the 1999 other jobs you applied for. If I did that, I'd never get this position filled.
1	The RIOT pictures are not correct tho.   The colors are certainly better, but it is not as amazing as they make it look.   If you look at the pictures you see the mistakes. If a colorblind people would see everything yellow, adding blue does not make them see all the other colors normal all of the sudden. If this were the case, they have solved colorblindnes.
1	Just recently I was in a game that had a duo in it. During pick phase, one guy decided he didn't want me to go Blue Ez mid and had his friend ban it out.   Didn't really have any non-adc champs that I felt comfortable with so ended up picking TF and getting torn apart. We lost what turned out to be a v. close game. If I'd have had Ez, I can guarantee we would've won that.
0	Entirely untrue. I have seen runners, singers, actors, athletes, dancers, and all sorts of other people who rely on their bodies and/or their voices for their profession smoke, in addition to those who are otherwise sedentary and unhealthy. Broadly describing smokers in this way is not only unfair, but just incorrect.   The thing about smoking is it's a compulsion. You try it once, and feel fine. You don't feel hooked, so you don't have any reservations about trying it again another time. It doesn't feel like a habit. You're just smoking because it feels good, and you don't think any further about it. Then comes the day when you want a cigarette and can't have one, and all hell breaks loose in your body. You get anxious, sweaty, and fidgety. You get irritable, and claustrophobic. Maybe you even get nauseous. That's when you realize, "Well, shit. I'm addicted to nicotine."   And when you quit, that feeling does not go away. I am an ex-smoker. I got to a point where I would smoke a pack a day every day for three years, and in a few months I'll be marking five years since quitting. That's a big milestone. But every day,  every single day , I get the urge to smoke a cigarette. That's the thing no one tells you: you never stop quitting smoking.
0	Good Guy Greg   Knows you're veg*n   Doesn't fucking bitch you out about occasionally wanting to eat with him as part of a social gathering, doesn't make you bring your own food when he's cooking for everyone else, doesn't make constant comments about how delicious his steak/burger is and ask if you want to try some, doesn't tell you how ridiculous he thinks your choices are, doesn't bring up your veg*nism then drown you out as being preachy when you explain how you feel about something that's important to you, doesn't be OP.   Go fuck yourselves preachy asshole meat eaters. Go fuck yourself for every time your heads have exploded when you invite a friend to dinner and they say 'Hey can we go to that place where I can order something from the actual menu, so I don't either feel like a fucking asshole asking for a modified meal, or just give in out of social embarassment and fear of controversy and eat another 'salad' composed entirely of lettuce and tomato,no dressing, since if we're all going to pay to go out somewhere and treat ourselves part of the enjoyment of going to a restaurant is, surprisingly,having a bang-up meal.. but fuck me, amirite?"   Sound like you're all a bunch of whiny wallaces who only want friends who agree with you or shut up. Fuck that. You all think you have the right way to live, eating omnivorous diets, & that's why you're butthurt and veg*ns sound preachy to you. Well we feel the same. Every time I meet someone who feels passionately about something but is afraid to bring it up because they feel like talking about it will make other people more strongly opposed to the idea because they say you're taking a tone or immediately judge you as trying to convert or critisize them, I cry a little inside. Your friends have beliefs & whilst it's okay to challenge them every now and again to keep them on their toes and stop them just mindlessly believing things, why would you want to put them down for just having a different opinion on a morally grey subject?
1	Unfortunately there will always be ragers, but I'll still do my part by reporting the baddies and honoring the good people in hopes it'll make the slightest difference. We all know that professionals should be role models. The thing that just gets me is the fact that being professional sportsmen, they are going to be in the limelight, and that in itself should be reason enough to control your attitude. We all get angry and have bad days, but if you've got thousands of people watching you then you need to act professional in front of the camera.  It seems like he has learned from it so I am happy about that.
1	Honestly this is sad! Team Liquid organization gives in to the VERY "#KEEPKEITH" Spam that you find on twitch chat or wherever, which.. by the way.. WAS A FUCKING JOKE! It was the first week of LCS everybody is basically warming up to each other. If they believe that Keith is better than fucking piglet it's embarrassing to be a fan of TL. Now, what you're doing is fucking over Piglet and his confidence - making your team shittier + fucking over a lot of your fans who actually NOTICED THAT PIGLET IS GETTING DRASTICALLY BETTER WITH EACH AND EVERY GAME HE PLAYS.   end rant.
1	This could be a solution.. In a Perfect world.   Sadly, the perfect solution in our world would be completely remove chat between the 5 players, and only keep chat open between the 2 players currently choosing. And even that might be too much contact between toxic players.   Just choose a champ, and have a banner that precises the role that you would like to play. (mid, top, bot, w/e).   But this "solution" would hinder a lot of stuff.
0	I did one of these in High School... I was walking home and got bit by a dog. I did nothing to provoke this dog in fact I decided to walk in the middle of the street so that we were no where near each other way before we crossed paths. I was not even paying attention to this dog. so about three steps after I passed him, it turns around and without warning bites my calf. I got so pissed that I ran the dog down ready to beat its ass for attacking me but it ran through a gate that was open just enough for him to get through to get away from me.
0	Bf invites to bar •Gets drunk •Starts starring at chicks  •Chicks start feeling him up •Tell him I'm uncomfortable in the situation •Since one of the waitress' is all up on him too he tells me in order to satisfy me in "not getting too close" he can't order me anymore drinks -_- yet he can for himself •Group of girls all up on him..  •Try to introduce myself as the Gf •Punches the table •Drags me outside and tells me that he is about to punch me in the face if I don't leave  •Kicks me out of bar and home (And then he asks why I don't want to go to the bar everyday)
0	TD Bank did this to me 2 years ago.  They also had an overdraft allowance or some shit policy which they described in lamence terms as "well allow your card to go through to spare you the embarrassment of your card declining".   Before anyone says anything of "keep better track of your finances", I was.  I was told they could connect my student checking and student savings account so if one was to empty the other would cover the expense to prevent overdraft fees.  They could also email me if I went under a threshold amount, say $20.   I never a notification, I never had my account draw from my connected savings during Christmas shopping, and ended up getting $200 in overdraft fees which I paid and then argued to be refunded at various local branches.  My usual branch said they could only refund one of them, so I went to the branch by my school and they said they could drop $70 off, but I should really have this fixed by my usual branch, which I returned to and argued more until it was refunded.
1	There was a time (when they fixed the multicast bug where you could use rank 5 W+Q at the same cast) that almost all the D1 mains completely stopped playing Rengar.   The reason was because, that ability was what helped Rengar have a decent laning phase against just about any lane match-up.   There were a few months where they would play maybe 2-5 rengar games and then be playing other champs. No longer spamming Rengar all day, every day.   This may have changed over time, but after that fix Rengar was basically nonexistant. I remember during that time OnlyRengar was playing on a silver smurf and had abandoned his main account. Daemonchorro had played other champs/ the occasional game to prevent decay. etc. etc.
1	There are things that people say can make a difference but very little.   There are a lot of skins that make your skillshots look different.  (latest examples are iBlitzcrank and Steellegion Lux)  The differential in those skins can make those skillshots harder to dodge since it might take ones brain longer to recognise what is coming for them.  (That new lux skin's q was blamed to look kinda like an auto-attack from her, i dont share this oppinion, but i can see what they are saying)   There are little eastereggs that make a very little difference (Sunglasses protect from 1 damage of Leona is the only thing i know right there)   Leveling and getting every champion and rune you want is FASTER with money, but you basically just pay for time right there.   IMO though, this game is great. Riot Games is great, they do a lot for the game, and they use their money to make eSports actually a THING, what i do appreciate a lot.  I am happy that i spend money on this game, i just want that skin and that champion and so on ... if i were to buy CoD for 60 €/$ what would basically just be throwing money into a company i dont trust, i would hate myself for that money-loss, throwing money into LoL doesnt make me feel bad though, they can use the money, and they dont just use it to make themselves rich bastards.
0	Story time: Shared a room with roommate. Woke up one morning with him and a chick doing it. Laid motionless in bed so I don't disturb them. Tried to alert roommate by tapping wall besides me. Chick noticed but continued anyway. Waited till they fell asleep before leaving the room.
1	My fellow shaco player.... Why do you attempt to help the enemy?
1	Except that he made this message on the PBE forum.  He believed that he had already solved the problem a few days ago and that it wouldn't make it to the Live server, but according to these comments it has.
0	No. Well, when I first got it I was a douche. But I loved how it felt because I've only ever had stock speakers. I really only listen to alternative rock and metalcore. I am not a fan of dubstep, techno, or bassy rap (what most douche's love to blast). Occasionally something will catch my ear that sounds good.   But what I do love, is good, quality sounding music. And with my sound system, I get kick ass sound quality. Everything is clear and balanced. I have spent many night twisting my subsonic, crossover, subwoofer, tweet settings on my amps. I love music more than I love anything else.   I want great sounding music and nothing is more fucking stupid than a car that blasts music and when you get inside the only thing you can hear is the bass, no highs or mids, vocals or anything. Just bass. Fuck those guys. Because of douche bags like them, I get self-righteous, I'm better than you, dick heads, like you, on my ass when I say I have a sound system in my car.   So, yes, I do have a sound system that turns girls on and stops old people's hearts, but I drive alone 99% of the time, and I have it tweaked to sound GOOD and I don't need to hear just bass.   When it comes to hearing people honk, when I had my stock speakers, I would listen to music loud. That has never changed. When I am alone, I'm fuckin' jammin' out man! I am that guy you see dancing and singing in his car.   But no, I am not an attention whoring douche bag that likes to make heads turn.
0	It's worth pointing out that every single person I worked with at taco bell (except this one teenage girl) had a college degree. One even had a  master's in economics  - but directly after 'the great recession', that wasn't exactly in high demand.   Also, the whole 'put out enough resumes and someone will hire you' thing is total BS. That's not how hiring works. It's very possible to apply to hundreds of places and not get hired, simply because you aren't qualified/they aren't hiring/your resume is crap/you don't fulfill a needed quota.
1	They did compensate for instability. That has already occurred.   Also there is very little ground to suggest you deserve compensation for not being able to play for 5 days. This would be true would be if you were paying a subscription - then you are losing out on the service you are paying for. At this point you are unable to smoothly play a game you play FOR FREE. If your account had been lost or if the content which you had paid for had been removed from your account, then you would perhaps deserve compensation because then Riot is screwing up something you have paid for. You want to be paid on top of the courtesy IP you received because that game you pay nothing to play isn't running well.
1	I think WW has support potential, but I don't think he's comparable to other more typical supports.  The reason I say that, is because most good supports have renewable cc (i.e., lulu cc, leona stuns, nunu slow), big auras (sona auras), or big sustain or other buffs (soraka heals/armor, nami, etc).  WW passive would pretty much go to waste as a support, as you won't have the levels or items to really utilize it like a lanewick or a jungle ww would be able to.  WW's Q is pretty much useless as a support, due to it's high mana cost and being item dependant to really have much of an impact.  It could be useful for some early agression in lane, but I see it as easily counterable and not comparable to some better poke/harass champs like lulu or sona, who can do it more often and more safely.  WW E is not too useful because he won't be the one looking for kills in a fight - it'll have occassional use, but not often.  His W is strong no doubt, but I feel like that's all he would be good for - that and item auras, but you can item aura any champ.  His ult I think is too risky for a squishy support to be using effectively.  It's a good ult, but there's better support ults available.  I think Malzahar would be just as good of a support - ult is just as good, maybe even safer, and he has a huge AoE silence!  Other than a terrifying kill lane, he would not make a good support, I don't think.  Overall, not a bad idea and could be fun to play around with a WW support, but I don't see it being as good as some other supports.  Rather, I do think his W is very strong if you're building a team around buff and protect your ADC.  Maybe like a nunu support, a ww jungle, a gangplank top and a vayne ADC - that's still sort of a gimik comp, but I think it's more viable if you're looking for a good way to synergize buffs and whatnot.
0	because in order for a conversation to happen, you need two people.   some people don't want to do any of that, they just want to watch the world burn.   you're not trying to understand every single psycho, why not?
1	I just did my placements and went from around silver 2ish to bronze 3 my last game was the worst i experienced i was mid ahri and ngl i was doing pretty well. I roam bot jinx starts saying I'm shit for roaming bot. Jinx does end up being quiet after saying she would afk (she didn't). Gragas went jungle and was feeding the whole game around a death every 2 mins, que mundo saying he is going afk he did and just sat outside pool spamming chat, which gragas did as well.
1	Default is usually Lizard for any jungler that isn't full tank right now since it's just that gold efficient and it still offers the conservation passive.   Problem with Xin Zhao is that you need to walk up your target to do anything, compound that with the fact that pretty much every commonly played champion has some sort of dash and it makes Xin fairly useless. Compound that to the fact that, if he fails to snowball, he jumps in and proceeds to die extremely quickly, and Xin is pretty bad at the moment.   I won't say he's without strengths however, he clears decently and obviously deals massive damage. (Provided he sticks to his target)
0	Not the best of wording on my behalf. I didn't mean consent is literally the same thing, but that the concept of being old enough to make your own choices and be your own person is the same sort of adult choices as consenting to sleep with someone.   My point is adulthood isn't easily definable. It's not age of majority or consent, or drinking, driving, or any other number chosen by any countries court.
0	Speaking for petty and misdemeanor class. The first court date is a hearing. It good to dress properly, but will have almost no affect on what will happen that day. The judge don't want to hear your excuses. You admit guilt or don't and get a trial date/bargain with DA. I find it pointless to dress up because the impression does shit. The outcome is the same as you dress up or not. So, fuck the extra work.   The trial date is where you want to suit up. This is where you actually defend your case and make any difference.   The issue with people showing up on their hearing date is not because they don't dress up. It's because they have no clue what the heck they're doing. The majority of these people will go and admit guilt without realizing it.   I went to my hearing date for a speeding ticket for going 30mph plus over the speed limit. Plus court fee, I have the biggest fine out of everyone. Went up to the judge, he confirmed what I was there for. I told him I don't admit guilt, even though that is the truth. The court don't want to deal with us asshole clogging up the system and wasting tax money. I got my offense amended to going 9pmh over with the DA.
1	Any competitive team would jump on the opportunity to scrim with one of the best teams in the world.   Unless you are one of the other best teams in the world and you're trying to beat CLG in a tournament and don't want to give them free practice.   Like I said, a team like Team Liquid, OGODBEARS, Unrestriced, DAO, etc. I'm sure would love to practice against CLG but CLG can stomp them and they don't really gain anything from playing them.   It would be good practice for CLG to practice against EG or TSM but why would either of those teams want to help their rival before a tournament? They don't. And so they don't scrim against them.   Picture this:   CLG: "Hey TSM & EG, will you scrim with us? We could really use the practice so we can beat you at Dreamhack."   TSM & EG: "Umm...no? We'd rather practice together so we can beat you. Thanks though."
0	I agree.
1	I travelled from the North of England to Cologne via bus with 4 of my friends and it took us around 18 hours to get there. We went to Week 4 of the spring split, and to be honest I really enjoyed the event. It was packed for that week, on the second day we struggled to find 5 seats together but we did eventually.   I spoke to one of the Rioters but that was only because I happened to leave the room at the same time as he did during one of the games, he spoke to me a little, but aside from that one interaction we didn't speak to the casters or any other Rioters that were there. Had a small chat with Sjokz but it was hard to hold a decent conversation with the HUGE line for pictures (like, half of the room stood up to queue for a photo with her).   I think you had a bad experience because of the lack of other people attending. When we were there, the atmosphere was amazing and we had an amazing time.   Got some photos with the pros and all, spoke to Tabzz for like a good 15 minutes (such a nice guy!) and Aranaea is ridiculously happy. Overall we had an amazing time.
1	my first game of team builder me and my friends were 4 premade and were looking for a jungler, we ended up finding one 5 minutes in and that was an elise, he said hi in the lobby and then we started the game but she never connected we ended p losing in 23 minutes and then we took a small break. when my and 1 other friend decided to queue up for teambuilder everything went fine except their jungler never connected and we ended up stomping them.
0	Here is a preamble to the story.  My father is the second owner of a 74 vette whose engine he customized.  I remember a neighbor kid once touching it and dad saying, "Is there dirt on your hand?" [Yes]  "And what is dirt made of?" [no answer] "Tiny pieces of gravel.  Same thing sandpaper is made of..."  Anyway, one night he come's out of the Cajun's Wharf, and sees a guy leaning against the back of the car talking to another guy.  Dad says something and gets cold-cocked.  Dad's eye is split open and he looks and smiles.  It's on.  He fights until he no longer has them separated, so he reaches into the car and grabs his .357.  Predictably, they run as he lowers it.  Their truck is parked next to his, so he unloads all five rounds into it.  Then drives to the emergency room to get stitches.  circa 1985
1	Honestly I've never farmed as hard as I can farm with karma. 300 cs in 25 minutes at 1200+ elo is not too bad. It's no scarra's karthus but I'll take it. Also, the lack of ultimate is true you pretty much have to farm like a beast to stay relevant compared to a typical ap mid IMHO.   Now that as an aside she needs a specific team comp for her kit to be really effective. A very in your face tanky/bruiser comp with an up in your face ad carry like vayne would be best. Another problem is that spirit link is not reliable damage source as it does not damage the targeted person so it has to be used more intelligently to effectively burst someone down. Another issue as most karma players will attest to is that the unreliable damage from spirit link and the mantra requirements on her shield for it to do any damage at all.   So with only one guaranteed damage source I feel she falls short in both reliable burst and sustained damage. She must sacrifice a charge of mantra for her heal which, with high ap and on low health high hp targets. Her heal could be considered gamebreakingly OP on the right team comp especially one with their own sustain.(vlad and warwick come to mind)   Her plus side is that, as I've said in the right comp she could take a snowball team and her high damage and utility could easily carry her team to an early game victory. Spirit link plus her burst from shield/heavanly wave. Is just downright amazing for ganks and team fights. The amount of control and utility you bring to the table is amazing as well as her shield becomes insanely beefy late game once you've got your core ap items.   Another quick thing to note is that she also makes and I know people are gonna laugh. But she makes an amazing ap mid/lategame support. run a tanky kill lane bot(leona and/or Jarvan) and a ranged ad and ap top and/or jungle.(tanky ap jungle would be nice like sejuani and her kit synergizes well with karma.) This is an effective team for breaking up the old ap mid support ad bot bruiser top meta. But might lack the speed and map control necessary to control the jungle as seen in Hanover and Kiev.
1	I think Scarra hit the nail on the head yesterday during the post game interview on the LCS. He said we didn't even worry about hotshotgg during the laning phase, so we just camped bot lane. CLG only really currently has 1 threat and thats DL, if you shut him down its basically gg.   Bot Lane - Both Aphro and DL need to widen their champion pool (Vayne,Cait, Ez/Lulu isn't enough) and get on the same page. I know the OP don't just say Draven 2013 but he is a very strong ADC atm, DL needs to pick him up along with MF, Trist and IMO Ashe. Aphro is generally always the first person on CLG to die and its normally early lanning phase. He also only plays lulu he needs to diversify and look at other champs EG Sona, Taric, Thresh, Elise.   Mid Lane - L1nk IMO is suffering the same problem as Voyboy did in top lane, his champion pool is restricted by CLG's play style. The play style is not working so let L1nk bring new champs to mid and work with him rather than against him. He is a great mid player and for everyone calling back Jiji he left because he didn't like the pressure... he isn't coming back so move on.   Jungle - Chauster isn't performing at the moment, he has no lane presence and is making bad calls (EG that 4v3 yesterday). I don't know what needs to happen here, but something has to happen. Either he needs to open up his play style or seriously consider benching himself. At the moment he doesn't rate even close to the top NA junglers let alone the more influencial junglers like Diamond, Insec and Clearlove.   Top Lane - I hate to say it but Hotshott can't keep playing the way he is at all, the other NA teams don't consider him a threat and isn't on the level of KiwiKid, Voyboy and Dyrus. Dyrus was in his spot last year, was not playing well while the rest of the team was carrying him. He changed his style and has become the backbone of TSM recently. I don't think Hotshottgg can change his play style and I really hate to say it because I'm a big fan of his however he needs to take a step down and manage the team with Kelby. He should start work on the CLG brand and get a team in EU and KR established (sorry got off topic). They need to find a new top laner, one that can match the aggression of players like voyboy and crumbz.   CLG is currently struggling in all areas against NA opponents which is considered the weakest group compared to EU/KR and China something needs to change!
0	At first, when I read your comment. I wanted to rage-post. Than I took a moment and came to understand your point.   It's true, why don't the females get the blame in these situations. When my past Exs cheated on me, I proceed to only confront the men and not the Exs. I learned my lesson rather fast, from that point on, I confront the female first. Did that with my last girlfriend, found some nudies of her and a dude. She came home from work with her shit on the lawn, and her family ready to haul her skanky ass home. No arguments, no questions, done with that drama.
1	If you want to win, you'll have to chase those rising champs and leave the old ones.   I disagree with this part.   Really really strongly.   Look at tournament data.  Something like 70% of the champs get either picked or banned in high level tournaments.  The data points to one thing:  Riot has done an AMAZING job of keeping 109+ champs balanced.  They are nearly ALL viable.   Even the pros frequently admit things like "I thought that champ was trash, and then I saw someone play them well, and I had to revise my opinion."   The secret to winning isn't to chase the FotM around.  And that CERTAINLY isn't the secret to enjoying the game.  (Which I would argue correlates highly with winning.)  The secret to winning is to play whatever you enjoy playing the most, and to understand it well enough to maximize its strengths.   Look, I play Sejuani.  I played Sejuani in season 2.  I still play her.  In S3 ranked, I think I've played over 20 games with her.  I've lost 1.  In spite of everyone "knowing" she's bad, I continue to pick her for games, (usually get laughed at), and then usually do really well.  And I do well for one reason:  I enjoy playing her, so I have played her enough to really understand how she works.  I know her weakness, and can work to minimize them, and I understand her strengths, and I can try to set up situations where I can apply them.   It's a tradeoff:  If you play whoever is popular at the moment, then you will have WAY more resources for figuring out how to play.  You will have no shortage of guides and high-ranking players weighing in on different build and play choices.  On the flip side, everyone else is looking at the same resources, and even the people that aren't playing the FotM are getting LOTS of practice in dealing with them, since they're showing up every game.   On the other hand, if you play someone that is not FotM, you basically will have to figure out for yourself what works and what doesn't.  Any guides you find will be suspect, and probably out of date.  You'll probably have to spend some games trying different things (and possibly losing horribly) before you get it right.  But on the other hand, once you DO figure out how to make it work, you have the advantage that you're going to meet a lot of people who have no idea how to deal with you.   I win a lot with Sejuani.  It's not that I'm a super-awesome fantastic player.  It's not that everyone I'm playing against is stupid and bad.  It's that my opponents simply  have no idea what sorts of things she is capable of,  and are having to adapt their strategy in the middle of a game.  I've simply had a lot more practice playing against common champs as Sej than they have playing against her.
1	I think it's because it's a displacement with a chance to stun. I know the range difference is only a small bit, but since it's meant for a disengage or chase tool, it makes sense that the range is a bit shorter. For a disengage, the enemy will probably be closer to you anyway, and for chasing (with a pin), you have your passive, tumble, and ulti to catch up. If it was the same range as her auto, it would lead to some insane moments that probably should not have happened.
1	It's not anything that's affected anyone else, that I am certain of. Also I'm on a Mac and I've already; reinstalled my OS, fixed permissions 3 times, restarted my computer 30+ times, reinstalled League 7 or so times, repaired league 3 times, talked to my ISP 4 times, changed my router configuration drastically, tried logging in with and without my firewall on, rebooted my network twice, submitted every single log and traceroute I can possible send to my agent, run every test and tried every fix that Riot support suggested multiple times (about 20 different troubleshooting tips), I've tried fixes that people on the forums suggested for somewhat similar issues. I've tried using a VPN, I've tried using a completely different network, I've called Apple numerous times, I've basically done everything humanly possible to fix my issue. The only thing that I can be certain of after these 2 months is that it is a problem with the Mac itself and the way it connects with Maestro, it can't be a network error because as I said I tried it not only on a VPN, but I also hauled my 21.5 inch iMac over to my friend's house and tried it on his network. Oh and to top it off my old crappy Windows XP Lenovo Thinkpad can connect and I can actually play League on that, but it's so slow and laggy that it's not even worth turning on the computer.
0	You said something else and deleted your comment. I wrote this shit and cant post it now. You made a distinction between race and heritage that I enjoyed. ( As for this post, I does make some sense. Black people were discriminated based on color and therefore all heritages share that common bond. I still think they shouldn't celebrate ethnicity alone though, their common struggles should be celebrated along with their heritage rather than their ethnicity. )   I agree with you. You accurately describe the difference between race and heritage that more people should see.   OP isn't exactly wrong. S/he is saying white people aren't allowed to be proud of being white but other ethnicities are allowed to celebrate it. "Hispanic heritage month. Black History Month.  Asian Week.  "   The way these celebratory months are described are wrong and I think you'd agree. They do encourage ethnic pride, which is stupid. Why be proud of your ethnicity? Most people on this thread agree, "you should not feel proud of being born in a particular location. You had no say in it."
1	There is also the issue of copyright stuff. If someone throws up an idea and Riot picks it up, there could be issues with that person claiming it was his idea and concept. There could be problems where people would sue for damages because Riot would basically steal his idea.   I'm not saying many people would do this, but if you noticed someone already complained when those pool party skins were releases, how one of his friends pitched that idea a year ago or whenever.   I think it was in that topic that someone said Riot doesn't take any ideas people on reddit or in their forums would pitch, but that doesn't exclude their actions, if they do decide to make similar skins in the future. Just because someone mentioned it before, doesn't stop them from making a similar one.
1	jesus dude lol   making top 2 doesnt actually matter nearly as much as you seem to think it does. if CLG would have gone 24-0, they would be so much better than everyone else that they don't really care if they get a BYE or not, they will easily be able to beat a 3rd 4th 5th or 6th place team in the first round.   similarly, in their current position, them going to Korea is an attempt to elevate their skill level to the point where they can't just maybe qualify for worlds, but can actually  perform  at worlds too. do you think a team that has a chance at worlds would care if they got a BYE in the NA LCS playoffs? come on dude. CLG aspires to be a team that can make it through playoffs regardless, and while that aspiration may or may not be realistic, you can't be "okay" with just being at the top in NA. TSM isn't either.
0	Think of it this way.   A woman portrays herself as masculine (man-like)- she's viewed as normal.   A man portrays himself as feminine (woman-like)- he's viewed as a freak for wanting to exchange his manliness for femininity.   There's a whole subtext of how (American, at least) society loves to bifurcate into black and white situations. There's always the most obvious ones- conservative/liberal, male/female, dark/light, etc. But what many people don't consciously realize is that we also take to this to a deeper level with our categorizations of things as either "normal", or "other". Normal obviously applies to things that we encounter and rely on as the standard in every day life, while "other" applies to everything else. Oftentimes, "the other" can be viewed as foreign or exotic, or even dangerous due to the unknown. The other is also oftentimes subjugated due to its non-baseline status.   But getting back to the point, we tend to view masculinity as normal, and femininity as "the other", which is really well exemplified by OPs experience. When a woman makes herself more like the normal, "good" thing (that being basic, everyday masculinity. Examples such as "what about formalwear?" don't really apply as much because even for a man, formalwear in a casual context is odd.), she goes unnoticed, or even praised. But when a man diverges towards "the other", it is viewed as a threat towards normalcy.   This is a super simplified example, and there are plenty of counterarguments circulating about the various perceived vs. actual "worths" of different gender-associated roles in society, the strict definitions of gender roles, etc. etc. It's a whole tangled, convoluted issue thats difficult to even begin to address. But nonetheless, I guess I spewed out that huge chunk of text up there to try to explain why (even though people like to argue otherwise) this in itself is a feminist issue. And even beyond trying to question and possibly change "normalcy", this is also entirely a men's issue as well, where the feminist goal is to also give that degree of freedom of gender expression without it being looked down on.   I'm sure that was terribly disjointed stream of consciousness and blah blah but I'm feeling too lazy to reread and edit.
0	Another tip: spend the first part of your sexy times focused on her completely, don't worry about her touching your wiener. Two or three good solid orgasms on her part will pave the way for lots and lots of wiener play.
0	Just had this happen. Except we actually were intimate at the beginning for a couple of months until she said she wasn't ready for a relationship and wanted to work on the friendship. I posted what's below in a similar Advice Animals topic yesterday. The kicker is, I keep feeling somewhat guilty about how things played out and feel like I should reach back out at some point. Damn emotions.   >"This is how I should have operated. I reconnected with a woman I went to school with and we dated for a few months and were intimate. She then said she wanted to slow things down and work on the friendship and work up to a relationship. I offered to back off but ended up going along with it and settled for "more than friends". We only saw each other a few times over the next few months but kept up the texting, flirting, hypothetical talk about the future (marriage jokes, kids, pets, etc). Finally, she basically stops talking to me before and after my birthday (I saw her for that). I call her on it and she said she doesn't talk to any of her friends every day and is more comfortable slowing things down.   >I was pretty hurt by that and didn't talk to her for a couple weeks. Finally sent her a message saying that I hope she finds the right guy, that the mixed signals hurt, and that I'd like to be friends in the future. Never heard back.   >Texted her this past weekend to see how she was doing and see if some stuff on Facebook and Pinterest was her trying to send a message (Protip: It wasn't). But said she still wanted to be friends but pushed me away because I took her flowers when I went to see her for my birthday. Said it was too much. I said since we were "more than friends" that whole time I hadn't thought that flowers were over the line. I told her I still wanted to be friends, and was trying, but that it had been tough to just switch to viewing her as a friend after hanging on to that idea of being more for so long (not to mention having it seem mutual). She wrote back again saying that I made us out to be more than we were and I was coming on too strong now too.   >Well ouch. My point I was trying to make is that I'm cool with it if she doesn't want a relationship, I just wish she'd expressed it in a less painful way. Instead she tried to make me out to be clingy :/   >Feeling pretty gutted and misunderstood, I told her I was just making things worse and stopped texting. Typing it all out here makes no difference but it's cathartic. It's just a frustrating situation."
1	separate each scenario with the number of OP champs remaining after the 4th ban:   (2)scenario A:if 5th ban is used for op champ-> 6th ban will be for the last op champ. else 5th is a troll ban and then 6th would also be a troll ban= both teams get 1 op champ. No clear advantage   (3)scenario B:if 5th ban is used on op champ, then the 6th ban would be a troll ban to leave 2 OP champs-> both team gets one. if the 5th ban is troll, the 6th ban will also be troll=1st pick team leaves 2 op champ open. No clear advantage.   (4)scenario C: if 5th ban is on OP champ then 6th ban will be troll-> 2nd pickteam gets 2 OP champs. if 5th ban is a troll, then 6th ban is on OP leaving with 3 OP champs again. 2nd pick team has Clear Advantage.
1	This. I've been doing this since the first day Thresh came out, and it drastically increases the amount of time you have a person under your control.  Why not utilise the two pulls of the chain before flying to them, then knock them back with Flay? Ofc, there are times and places where you just wanna fly to them ASAP to save someone or initiate, but it's all up to judgement.
0	Even this won't save you. Had my laptop stolen once while on vacation in Florida. Called my parents back home and asked them to find the laptop serial number on the original box (finally a use for the boxes I saved over the years). The police then contacts the pc manufacturer, gets the MAC address serials for wifi/ethernet components, and the laptop pings back an ip address to their tracking system when the thief connects to the internet. Got my laptop back two days later before I left for home.
0	You know I'm going to tell a story that I've probably told before. And to be totally honest it sort of conflicts with my confession bear (I'd probably theoretically put up with a lot more than I would actually put up with for a hot girl).   So in my late teens and early 20's I spent a lot of time on IRC and I ended up driving around and meeting a lot of people. One of the people I met was a girl who lived in my state (Hi CandyRaver wherever you might be now days). She was pretty nice and she didn't mind me coming and crashing on her couch for a weekend when we went out and partied; which is good because she lived about 100 miles from me or so. Now she had a roommate who was just super fucking hot. And she was really my type of girl except for the bleach bond hair, petite at about 5'1" (I could be off it's been a decade), all of maybe 100-110lb, super pretty face, completely banging body. It's kind of funny because thinking about it I don't even remember her name now, what I do remember is she was a huge fucking bitch. And I mean she was a bitch to everyone. She was CandyRaver's friend since like childhood, but she did pretty bitchy things to her, including stealing her job and some other stuff. Honestly I don't know why the two of them were still friends. Also the hot bitch's sister and brother-in-law-ish (they weren't really married but were basically married) use to come over and we'd all drink and play cards, and everyone but me would do E. And whenever those two would step out hot bitch would say some mean shit about the both of them.   Anyway, and I'm not sure why, but for a little while the hot bitch was sort of taking a liking to me so we were spending more time together. I don't know why but we were alone together (it was sort of a party, a bunch of people were over but everyone else stepped out) and we were both drinking a lot. For some reason I had just had enough of her shit and because I was drunk I had to just ask "Why are you such a bitch to everyone?". Now the funny thing is, this is the kind of question most people would just get really offended by. But she just looked pensive for a minute and then said in kind of a somber tone "Well... I guess when I turned 14 or so I just started acting like a bitch... and nobody ever stopped me or said anything to me so I just kept doing it". I assume it was a real moment of clarity to her, I know it was a real moment of enlightenment to me. I guess I had just never realized hot bitches are hot bitches because they're hot so nobody stops them from being a bitch. While it was a good learning experience it broke whatever charm I had over her and we never ended up talking too much after that.   That was the moment I really put down the nice guy mantle. I figured girls like that were probably not really going to fuck me, they were definitely going to fuck me over, and even if they did fuck me it probably wasn't worth it. Now I'm kind of an asshole (and strangely I find it really does work with women pretty well). So nice guy collided with hot bitch and left the reaction as a jaded asshole, but is much better at talking to women. It's some kind of weird chemical reaction.
1	In addition to what people have already mentioned the way Lee's passive works is that he gets an increased attack speed (and energy regen) on the next two attacks after casting a spell. This passive resets to 2 stacks on the first and second activation of each spell. So optimally to keep his AS higher you want to do something like Q, punch, punch, 2nd Q, punch, punch. Later in the game you can ignore this to a degree once if the 2nd activation of a spell will outright kill (or put a camp near death) but in his first few levels it dramatically helps with his clear speed and reduces the damage he takes in jungle as a result of things dying faster.   Also Lee's 2nd Q (the dive kick) does more damage the less HP something has so those two autos increase that damage as well.
1	If no team in a tiebreaker holds a winning record against all other teams, the following structures will be used:   Four-way tie: The teams will be randomly drawn into a “Koreanstyle” or “dual” bracket, where teams play Bo1 matches throughout  the tournament. The four teams will be split into two first-round  matches; the winners will then face off in Game 3 while the losers  face off in Game 4. The winner of Game 3 will be declared the top  seed; the loser of Game 3 will face the winner of Game 4 in a contest to determine 2nd/3rd place; and the loser of Game 4 will be  declared 4th place.   source:
1	I strongly support this thread. And just to be clear:   >*Edit: Just to clarify: I do not want to hate on Riot here. I love League of Legends and I love Riot. All I want is to finally get some answers and ultimately be able to play once again. Also this is not a discussion about compensation but rather a discussion about server equality. While compensation also plays a minor part in that, the bigger issues are the discrepancies between servers regarding communication with the players and server stability. There is a huge undeniable gap which finally has to be adressed by Riot.   Why is it that when someone get frustrated it always gets defensive here? Man, if we didn't like the game, we would stop playing it and also stop complaining about it. But hey, that's not the case. I'm just frustrated that I can't enjoy my favorite game as much as I did before the patch, that I have to reboot my computer everytime I try to log into the game. It's not unnecessary complaining, it's not hating for the sake of it, it's not finding a viable excuse to get free boosts. Hey, if the game gets back to functionning properly I'm happy with that, the boosts are a bonus, the icing on the cake.   But since it's not my hardware that is at fault, since it's not something I'm the only one to request, since it's not the default way of playing the game, how come I read on every post about EUW problems that we EUW players need to chill and stop whining? And that's in disregard of the imbalance between NA and EUW regarding compensations.
1	You will eventually climb back up if you're skilled enough, but the one problem is the grind. You will always be placed where you belong. AFKers and DCers don't get any better even in Diamond. You just have to grind your way through all the retarded games like this(didn't even include straight up trolls who pick bad match ups or just straight up throw) in order to find out where you belong, and even from there you will still climb if you're constantly improving/learning from your mistakes.
0	I'm convinced their is a witch hunt going on in my city for strawberry ice cream. Every store I go too, No Frills, Walmart, Target, Oceans, Rabba, Shoppers Drug-mart, there is NO BLOODY STRAWBERRY ICE CREAM. You know what a PISS OFF it is to go down the ice cream section and see: chocolate...vanilla...BLUEBERRY?!?! OH YOU LITTLE SHI-   Or worse lately is instead of pink = strawberry, pink = mixed berry or cherry. Fucking cherry, the leper of flavours. Nobody eats cherry lollipops or candies or anything, it's the reference point all flavours compare themselves to by measuring how much better they are than cherry. Yet like weeds they choke the space in grocery aisles until no room for strawberry ice cream remains.   The closest I can get is Neapolitan but it's just not the same. It haunts my dreams man.
1	Games 2 and 5 are most likely why you got banned again. The others may have reported you for "Intentionally Feeding" and that may not have helped (I'm sure you weren't feeding but with a K/D score like yours it wouldn't surprise me that they reported you for that reason.) but I'm not going to focus on that, I'm going to focus on Games 2 and 5 because if I came across your report in the Tribunal I would have pressed the Punish button as well.   This is going to be a longer post cause I want to break things down   Game 2     Thresh    [00:03:57]    ok ezreal ignored   Ezreal    [00:03:59]    and you attack   Ezreal    [00:04:02]    ok leave lane then   Thresh    [00:04:06]    completely carry him in bot and he starts whining when he afk's and dies     Basically you've outcast your ADC very early in the game, yes maybe they didn't do something correctly but you provide zero constructive criticism on their mistake. All you do here is point out what they did wrong and then ignore them as well as complain.     Thresh [All]    [00:06:06]    I already ignored ezreal, constantly whining every time he forgets to click a lantern     Is that really a necessary thing to say to the enemy team? They don't need that information, it add absolutely no value to the game whatsoever.     Thresh    [00:23:10]    i dont understand why ezreal prefers farming mid over a free baron...   Thresh    [00:24:11]    ezreal prefers wolves over baron     Once again this is not constructive critisicm, at this point you're outed one teammate and all you're doing is blatantly pointing out thier mistakes and not adding value to the game. This not only is bad sportsmanship but it's also annoying to the other members of the team as you can tell by the next lines of chat.     Tryndamere    [00:24:17]    stfu thresh   Tryndamere    [00:24:20]    reported   Thresh    [00:24:36]    reported cuz this flamer is refusing to listen to u? ok     I'm not saying that the negative team chemistry is all your fault but you definitely didn't help it at all.   I think that's enough of this game, let's move to Game 5.   In game 5 you are doing well supporting your ADC and sticking up for her and encouraging her when she's doing well. then it went down south     Thresh [All]    [00:22:51]    I like xin farming bot while we lose inhibs   Miss Fortune [All]    [00:22:51]    gg wp bot   Thresh [All]    [00:23:06]    Thx, can't believe we have 3 moron's who manage to throw this :S     Once again this is in ALL chat and adds no value to the game and you've also resorted to name calling which is never necessary. What exactly are you trying to accomplish with these statements?     Thresh [All]    [00:26:13]    Chasing with 4 people while we lose nexus turrets -.-   Caitlyn    [00:26:21]    didnt chase   Thresh [All]    [00:26:27]    ok 3   Anivia [All]    [00:26:29]    you survive dat nida?   Nidalee [All]    [00:26:35]    u didnt?   Thresh [All]    [00:26:35]    I was about to say I bet u they're gonna die   Thresh [All]    [00:26:37]    ofc   Anivia [All]    [00:26:52]    Thresh is permanently flaming everyone..   Thresh [All]    [00:27:02]    Nidalee please report these 3 trolls   Thresh [All]    [00:27:10]    And I'll report fiddle     Once again in ALL chat, adds no value and now you are starting an alliance with the enemy team and making deals for reporting.     Thresh    [00:27:37]    sorry cait I can't take this, I'm done     And now you gave up on your team and the game.   There is one thing I ALWAYS follow when playing this game no matter what mode I'm playing in "If you have nothing nice to say, don't say anything at all."   Maybe this is an improvement of your attitude but it's not enough of one to prevent being banned.
1	For me it wasn't that Arcade Sona and DJ Sona are similar, just that I can't imagine a Sona main that wouldn't have arcade. It's such a great skin already that piling another great skin on top of it is kind of weird. Especially when there are other champions that are fairly meh in the skin selection category.   With Ezreal and Udyr's ultimates, they were for champions without a selection of excellent skins. Not so with Sona.
1	Why do people keep saying his sustain doesn't need a buff because 'Transforming heals him!' ?   It doesn't heal him at all, he maintains the same % hp.   Let's say he has 500 max hp in small form and 1000 max hp in big form.   Let's pretend he is at 250 health and transforms. He will be in his big form having 500 health (50%).   When he turns back, if we don't calculate health regenerating over the 15 seconds (He does gain a bonus HP/5 when transformed, sure, but we aren't talking Mundo just hit R levels) when he reverts he will be at 250 health (50%) - He won't just go 'Well I was at 500, when I change back I will be at 500 now!'   Riot has even stated this and it's in his Champion Spotlight. Please stop spreading this fallacy.
0	I was a fairly hardcore motorbike rider for 15 years (daily riding - rain, hail or shine), I used stock pipes without incident.  I would say having stock pipes made me make less assumptions about people knowing I was near them.  I think it made me safer because I was more careful knowing they may not have heard me.   It is rarely the passive safety like exhaust sounds that stop accidents, usually the people that are a danger to you have their head so far up their arse they won't notice exhaust sounds.    I actually think passive safety lulls riders into a false sense of security.   It is always the active safety that matters - the things YOU do - I think road positioning (and proximity) is the single most important safety skill to learn.   The next thing to learn is taking the maximum reasonable responsibility with a view to self improvement (a pet peeve of mine when I listen to some motorcyclists talk about cage drivers).  If you get cut off, sure the driver screwed up and technically it is their fault.  However, if you could have predicted that he might cut you off - then it's entirely your fault for allowing the predicted event to occur.  What good is being technically correct and righteous if you are doing it from a wheelchair.  You should be taking defensive positions as soon as you anticipate anything.  You should be like a karate instructor blocking a second rate attack from a brown belt - if you get hit you suck at karate, get better.   Too many times I see motorcyclists with a victim mentality - doing stupid shit like riding in car's blind spots and then getting angry when a cage driver doesn't do a head check before changing lanes.  The rider should have predicted that situation could occur so he should take full responsibility for allowing it to eventuate instead of removing himself from the situation.   I would say about 1 in every 50 motorcyclists I saw on the road was doing road positioning/proximity properly.  I even considered making a website to teach people how to do it - never got around to it in the end.   OOPS - rambling brain dump..
0	It's true.  And even those who don't cut-back once diagnosed, they too will lose weight when the surgeons start removing body-parts that go gangrenous.   A lot of people (including diabetics, though mostly Type 2) don't realize that there are only so many types of insulin, and once they build up sufficient immunity to them all, it's essentially a battle of attrition, bodypart by bodypart.
0	Am I the only one who grew up in the  everyone gets a trophy age  that thought those trophies didn't mean shit? I remember being young and thinking they don't matter if everyone has one. I would get way more excited scoring goals or blocking shots then I ever did over a trophy. I feel like older generations just want a benign excuse to call malignant because they were "doing so well till we came along, must be too many trophies." Also how come no one ever mentions that maybe our generation isn't focused on the future cause we are not even certain what that future holds? I remember coming home to my dad saying his retirement fund lost so much during 2008 and he would now have to delay his retirement for 5-10 years he looked so crushed and lost money trying to be responsible. Why would I strive for that when I have seen it blow up in his face?  Now I have to figure out if I should follow in his footsteps knowing it could all be for nothing, or try something different
0	My Girlfriend grew up without a lot and basically as she describes 'poor', so whenever I get her something or do something for her she is very appreciative. It is refreshing to have someone who understands what you have to go through, how much of your life you give away for that ability to trade (in my case) some numbers stored on a bank computer for an item or service.   On the flip side, before her I dated a girl who never really worked in her life and still lived at home in her mid twenties without a job and her parents paid for everything. She did not respect the fact I had to work early in the morning or how little (At the time) I made.   I guess it is more of karma that after me and her break up and I get with my current gf that I get a new job making a lot more money and actually have some pocket change to spend on her; one of those spoils will be a trip to Europe.
1	I won't be a dickhead, but why Riot should optimize the client for Mac? You know, this type of pc it's not adapt for videogames. And it's not like the issues with low-hardware pc,  cause a Mac cost pretty much, and with the same price of it, you can also buy a Win pc that can run all videogames without issues. Mac it's not adapt for videogames, you should think twice before buy it... also, i'm not an Apple hater, but like 4 years ago, I bought a laptop (330€, if I remember correctly), and before it, the shop assistant told me about this, that games can maybe have issues (the laptop was Asus, not a Mac). Mac have the same problems, they have a nice softwares on it, but for other jobs, like graphics!
1	Sona and Lulu are your best bets at low ELOs for supports in my opinion. They harass very well, and they let you save people who position poorly. Vi is an awesome jungler who fits into a lot of team comps.   I think you are doing the anchor technique wrong. Its not necessarily picking the best player. Its getting the champion that will snowball the game hardest fed, even if that is you. Often all that is needed is a single kill, and then you focus on every other lane. Vi, because of how her W works and how well she scales with levels, can build mostly tank and still be a threat.   This is from my personal experience in Silver and Gold in S2, but your own team often does not understand how to allow you to split push effectively. They will not push when people go to kill you. I'd recommend picking up Renekton or Jax or a top lane that team fights very well. Yorick cannot really carry on his own.
1	Future Changes to Poppy feat. Morello   What are your plans for Poppy?   > Morello: Well, there are two choices; I’m OK with both to some extent;   > * Rework Poppy and make her a real pick in League, balance appropriately.   > * Don’t rework Poppy, and never ever buff her, and nerf her if she ever sees play.   Can you explain the reasoning behind your second choice?   > Morello: Because if Poppy’s good, she supports terrible counterplay and unreadable skills with a slew of mechanical overload. Current Poppy being strong damages the game more than Poppy players get to derive joy from playing Poppy in competitive settings.   Will you keep Heroic Charge?   > Morello: Football charge is the one skill on Poppy I really like and think can work.   Akali's Glow Effect Returns!   > Recently Akali lost the glow on her hands she got from her passive. Originally she was required to get a certain amounts of AD and AP before getting access to Twin Disciplines. With the removal of this requirement, the art team saw the effect was unnecessary, but, as QA Analyst ricklessabandon explains, that part of Akali is going back on:   > ricklessabandon: I followed up on this, and the removal was intentional (for reasons similar to what you mentioned). After speaking with some of the artists and the developer that made the change, we’ve decided to add them back—I’ll have the change up on the PBE with one of the next couple updates—basically our sentiments are that while the style is likely not something we’d make today, and we’d like them to have more gameplay significance.   > Those are opportunities that would best be tackled in a visual update for Akali. In the meantime, we’ve decided that since Akali has had those particles for nearly 3 years, it’s fine for her to hang onto them for a bit longer until the relaunch team turns their eye onto her (which could be a long time out).   >
0	I feel this way about many "popular" shows as well. I feel like most "fans" are bandwagoning for IRL karma. Family Guy hasn't been legitimately funny in years. It's a big ego stroke for Seth MacFarlane, god knows he's earned it but still. Bobs burgers is occasionally chuckleworthy. The Simpsons hasn't been funny since I still had acne. Doctor who is another one. The fans are fucking rabid and know one knows why. It's a good show but I'm not going to go frothing at the mouth to tell you about it.  And there's always one asshole who just KNOWS if you see this one episode, it will change your mind.
0	I'm not sure you'll find a better "catch-all" facial expression.  Everyone will have their variation of this face when this moment happens, but, they will  all  revert back to this face.
1	Realistically speaking, CLG has slim to no chance of ever winning worlds. They do have potential, but I doubt that it will ever be reached due to the attitudes that arise in the team chemistry. The only non-Asian team that has done exceptionally well against the Asians was Gambit Gaming. IMO, despite their lack of time to practice together due to their own personal lives, their ability to approach LoL and their team with a professional mindset is the reason behind their ability to play. They may become a top NA team, but I don't see them becoming world tier.   Also, this boot camp that was talked about is something that is done normally in Korea amongst the pros. A day consisting of 16 hours of not solo queue, but practice has been the "go to" style of training for many of the gaming house's in Korea, regardless of whether they are playing LoL or SC 2. Assuming that all the pros have relatively the same amount of talent, the NA scene is being completely eclipsed by Korea in terms of the amount of practice that is put in. So, it is only natural that the rest of the regions looked down upon the NA region during the Allstars.   Now, the only NA team I see that actually has a shot at getting even close to winning is Vulcun and this is due to their currently evolving game play. The reason why they were able to go 5-0 was because none of the teams were used to the changed play style. This is obviously with the help of very solid mechanics. However, this can also be the reason why they can lose in the World's as everyone there has the same disadvantage of not knowing how to play against the other teams.   The reason why I did not say Cloud 9 is because they have a Korean style of playing the game and how can the 'fake' (lack of a better word) beat the original? Sure they might be doing well in the NA scene, but if any top NA team were to get toyed with during the World's against the Koreans, it would be C9. As the Koreans in general (not just one team) have put in way more time in perfecting this play style.   I for one, cheer for TSM. I wish that the NA scene would take this more seriously and refrain from practicing through solo queue. If they are able to focus purely on 5v5's I'm pretty sure that they would be able to come out on par with the other Asian teams, maybe not Korea, but China and even Gambit Gaming.
0	He is a poor guy who took too long to die. The government doesn't get to torture people without consequences. In this case, his torture resulted in his previous crimes becoming completely irrelevant. He could've been a cannibal who strictly fed on living infant sushi and nobody would give a shit the moment he was publicly tortured to death.
0	This is not a confession its an opinion.  Most people don't like seeing children get beat.
1	I'm going to repost my canned reply to this question:   I'd like to take the chance here, assuming I don't get downvoted, to clear some things up.   I'm a Systems Administrator for a large company that handles a very large infrastructure. We also use Internap, just like Riot does.   The LoL client is essentially two things: a web browser, and a chat client that uses the XMPP chat protocol. The infrastructure LoL runs on is fairly complex; Hadoop for the storage layer, Java for the server software layer (I think!) and a number of caching systems such as memcache, terracotta, etc. The client does not know what server, or set of servers, the user will be playing on. There is no way to know which part of the infrastructure you will be hitting.   Ah, but I'm sure you're thinking, "So what? All we need is ping times to their gateway device!" Not so fast. I imagine that internally, Riot servers are stacked on MPIO and/or stacked switches. The bandwidth and usage of these switches are also subject to packet loss and degradation, along with iowait at the OS level. See where I'm going?   Unless the client knows the exact server you are going to end up on, the client can not test the path all the way up your ISP, to Internap, into their gateway, up their switching system, into the server. Any and all of these things matter in getting an accurate ping time. Not to mention delays in their caching system (because, lol, Java mark-and-sweep), and all their networking paths, OS iowait, etc. Even if, IF the client did know the exact server it was going to end up using, Riot would have to handle even more connections (because if I were Riot, there is no way in hell I would allow ICMP into my game servers...) on every single server figuring out the delay between packet communications. Further, even IF Riot allowed pings into their game servers, it wouldn't be indicative as to any actual delay times you would feel due to delay outside of packet delay, such as the aforementioned caching systems, storage layer, database layer, and all the networking paths in-between them.
1	How many stupid ass threads are going to be made about the trash talking? You want esports to be like sports? Trash talking is going to occur. People weren't begging the NFL to fine Richard Sherman when he called Michael Crabtree a sorry ass receiver and not a single Seahawk fan felt the need to apologize for the fact that Richard Sherman was trash talking. It's apart of competition. If you don't like the fact that people are going to turn super competitive and some what angrier individuals when this is their lively hood and this is something they have a passion for then you shouldn't watch any type of competitive sport. You want to know why this sub reddit hates TSM? Because this sub reddit wants to act like hipsters. TSM has always had the largest fan base and for a while it was cool to be a TSM fan. Now it's cool to be a TSM hater.
1	I disagree, in a sense. They should not scale badly just because of a currently-optimal playstyle, but they should contribute.   There is no such thing as a pure support, only a high-utility champion that happens to synergize with others.
0	A very common insurance scam is to cause accidents in purpose by driving in front of someone and then slamming on the brakes. This is completely illegal and immoral. The only difference between this and what OP did is that OP didn't make any money out of it.   People in this thread keep saying that that the person who rear ends someone is always at fault. This is true in the case of accidents. OP was not in an accident. He took an action with malice and forethought  knowing that it would cause an accident. That's against the law.   If someone runs a red light and I swerve to hit them I'm still at fault.   Also OP says he brake checked the driver. That makes no sense because brake checking someone doesn't involve actually braking. You just tap your brakes to make the driver think you are braking.
0	I think people are misinterpreting this.   I think it's more about people who don't give credit to the forces that led them to that which they are celebrating/showing off/enjoying/profiting from/etc.   For instance.  These people who happen to grow up in a nice home near a city.  They live rent free, go to a university (paid for by parents), have access to great internships from home, etc.   And yet they don't credit their job position with any of those massive benefits.  Instead, they credit all their "hard work".   People who receive a job based on "who they know", often times family connections?  Yeah.  Zero shits given.  They really couldn't waste a second of their time caring that somebody more qualified deserved that job.  Instead, they are busy caring about their next trip to Thailand, where they will also not give one second of care about the poor conditions there that exist beyond their resort beach.   And there is far too much glamor surrounding dumb shit half-accomplishments.  Like the "I just climbed Mt. Kilimijaro!", when in reality, you didn't climb shit.  You hiked up a trail behind a guide and didn't have to expend any mental energy worrying about the dangerous stuff that actual mountain climbers have to worry about.  Same goes for Mt. Everest, which is really just a "look how much money I have to blow" accomplishment.   Although, we can see the ridiculousness of a girl posting a photo of herself in one of the most hostile places on earth for human survival, especially when she's likely still afraid to sleep without a night light on.  In actuality, this photo really is a display of "look how much money I have".  Or perhaps "look!  the tax payers paid my useless fraudulant PhD grant so I could go high five some Penguins!".
1	Wow, this is a long and informative post.
1	yeah I think this is part of thefake artificial hype riot has around the competititveness of LoL as an e sport, no doubt its huge but as far as 5 vs 5's go, there's actually no teams in challenger apart from a few in NA and EU, basically if they allowed more than 1 team in they would be allowing every top challenger team in.
0	hahah I am doing it in javascript for a few reasons.   1) I want to learn javascript. As it is, I know little to nothing about web stuff (despite almost having a CS degree)   2) I would like my video game that I'm working on to eventually be played on a browser.   3) I need something that I can easily e mail to potential bosses to show them what I've done outside of school.   I actually wrote a lot of my game in python and pygame. But I'll be damned if I know which version of python OR pygame I used. So I'm starting over again, but in JavaScript.   Also..yeah. I might have a death wish. Is there a decent debugger for JavaScript? I need to walk through my code one step at a time because I'm having the WEIRDEST fucking error. as time passes, the distance that my character moves by increases. So initially my character will just move by 1 or so (as I tried to program it to do) but after a while, if you simply wait long enough, try to go in any direction, and he'll move by a few hundred or 1000...whatever. pixels I guess?
0	It is a little bit funny, the whole doing extra work to do a simple equation.   But  coming from someone who accelerated in school, you should definitely look into accelerated classes for your daughter! If my parents would've done that for me when I was in elementary school (and getting corrected for the same type of stuff as your daughter) I probably would've stayed more engaged in learning and done my homework. I got bored, I thought everyone else in my classes were stupid, and as a result I started slacking on my homework. Fast forward to college, the learning curve caught up to me and I realized I had no patience to learn something and put effort into schoolwork. I dropped out after failing a few classes due to not doing the homework, and now I'm in my mid-twenties trying to get back into a program that is now going to take me until my thirties to complete. :/ She'd probably enjoy being able to really show off her skills and learn new things! :)
0	Dude...5 years. Wow. You need friends. A social circle. You need people that can introduce you to girls that you will then talk to as part of a group. Clubs are probably not your thing. All good. Make friends with some girls that are married or in a relationship. They will have friends that are girls that are single. Don't be creepy or desperate.
0	11,670?](   If you can figure out how to afford an iPhone, cable, and a car on $11,670, you probably make a lot more than $11,670.   $11,670 per year is $972.50 per month. If you deduct payroll tax using  this payroll tax calculator , that comes to $186.57 per week. There are ~4.3 weeks in a month, so that leaves $802.25 per month.   An iPhone costs what, about $60-70 per month? Cable costs about $100-110 per month. A car costs what, $100-200 per month?   Let's say you pay the  absolute lowest end  of those estimates, $60 iPhone, $100 cable, and $100 car. That comes to $260.   Can you pay  your  rent, your utilities, buy food, buy clothes, and pay for your other living expenses on $542.25 per month?
1	Basically, League of Legends is built with a set of tools that allows Designers with limited programming experience to build complex champions. A programmer builds a base "minion"-esque class with a set of defined behaviors and properties. The designer has access to this using a scripting language like lua. This allows the designer to iterate on champion concepts without compiling the game (time consuming) and without feature requests from the programming team.   Instead of building a "jarvan wall" directly into the game, the designer could build a group of minions with HP, XP, stats, healthbar, etc disabled. Each minion makes up a component of the wall, and has collision enabled. It might have properties set like "IsWall" for things like Gnar's ultimate to interact with it. (Conjecture here).   Generally, when an issue arises, its due to a developmental oversight. Maybe the designer made the "minion" untargetable, but accidentally left it with base XP values. Due to a weird way another ability works, the "minion" is able to be killed and since its XP property is still defined, the [killing player could be granted a large boon of XP](   Bugs like this make it through QA and release to the wild, and ignorant people attribute it to catastrophic design paradigms from 2008  that actually make sense for rapidly developing champions in a frequently updated game , instead of a simple mistake in the champions implementation.
0	Serious question.  Why do we need usernames and passwords if usernames cannot be used twice?  I don't see how typing "Apricot" then password "B4alf" is more secure the "ApricotB4alf"   Because, let's say, you're setting up a new Reddit account. You type in your choice... 'Justagreewithme'... but what's this? Username taken? Well, that's okay, since there's no password, I'll just type in 'justagreewithme' and that account is mine now.   Might not be much of a problem with recreational accounts, but if it's something you've spent money on?
0	Are people just coming to the conclusions now that every single meme focused on a person is an objectification of that individual, taking all rights of their likeness & using whatever context they see fit?   Where the hell were you when people were degrading Bad Luck Brian?   Did you absolutely feel that Scumbag Steve, "deserved" to be treated like an asshole just because of the way he dressed?   How many eluding-towards extremely racist jokes does it take to speak out against the use of Successful Black Man, Asian Father, Rasta Science Teacher, Ordinary Muslim Man, or Redneck Randal?   You think Butthurt Dweller deserves it because he's, "most likely an internet creep anyways"?   10 Guy will be 10 Guy for the rest of his life because of Memes. Imagine having to be 10 Guy for the rest of your life.   Third World Success is the most objectifying meme of them all, yet there has been no rally, no attempt to salvage the rights and likeliness of a child of Africa who you don't even know is alive or dead.   Why is it that individuals always understand their rights only when they are impeded on & never when they are imposed on others? There is a patriarchal narrative that exists in reddit, yes, as there are a bunch of dudes on here with nothing better to do than figure out where to apply rule 34. The use of any and all memes are a complete objectification of an individual, absolutely. However, women get no priority on the scale of objectification just because they feel that the use of a meme becomes the continuing degradation of women everywhere when the basis of memes are the objectification of everyone and everything for the internet’s entertainment. There is no moral objective to memes; when individuals insist that a moral objection must be taken, then you seek to do nothing more than censor entertainment. If you believe that type of entertainment is morally deplorable & seek to change the memes, then get into /new & do the manual labor it takes to make Reddit what you wish for it to be. If that is a terrible notion, then don’t use memes. Use this collective objective energy to create your own, “Original Dawkin” notion of “Meme”, get out of the history of 4chan, & change what’s popular with progressive & positive action. There is no limit to what new form of popular culture phenomena can be created, but nothing can be accomplished by complaining about objectification when that is the very foundation of the genre.   Don’t like that anyone can be objectified anywhere at any time? Then get off of  facebook * of saying,  “How do you not understand that you are being objectified right now?”   [It was my privilege.](   Edit:  By popular request,
0	ITT: What people think they would say in this situation.
1	I mained support the last season (Janna in soloq, the most).   After seeing the patch notes I can say something: I will never pick a traditional support again. They are useless now (Except for Leona, I have to try her and do some maths).   Why would I pick Janna, who needs 200 AP just to overcome the HUGE nerf she has recived when I could pick Lux, Annie or Fiddlestick and have a similar amount of CC  but scaling WAY BETTER with 200 AP? I mean, with 200 AP I have a Janna who is like the old one , but with 200 I have a Fiddle or an Annie whose ultimate destroys the enemy carries at once.   I thought Riot would empower the traditional supports by doing a minor nerf and adding scales, so with 200 AP you would be way better than before, and then you could contribute more to the team. But, seriously? 200 ap just to be in the same level than before with 0 ap? It feels like a joke, I have to say.   I feel really disappointed and also tricked by Riot, for they said they wanted to empower the support role by providing more gold and scalings, but what they really meant was "We are going to change the support champions from the traditional ones to AP champions with cc".   Can someone explain me what is the difference now between playing support and playing mid? The vision war has been moved away from support role, changing it for raw power (more gold=more power). So, basicaly, you take away the essence of the role (the support to the team, via vision in this case) and give the characteristic of a solo lane, more gold.   Tactically, the only difference is that the incoming gold for mid will still be a bit higher and support plays with a partner in lane. The new meta is   Top   Jungle   Mid   Adc   AP bot   Were the people in Riot so scared of Lulu or Janna being overpowered that they had to destroy them in favor of others, potentially, like Annie, Fiddlestick, Zyra or Elise?   I would rather play Malphite support than Janna now! At least Malphite build something with all that gold, not just reach the base level.
0	Very few single metrics are a good indicators of health by themselves, statistically derived or not. That doesn't mean it's not a valuable metric. The SATs don't tell the story of exactly what you know or how smart you are, but it provides an indication of how much knowledge you've picked up through school and life so far, and sums it up in a number that's easy to put in a statistical context, and provides a method for comparison.   For someone who's been overweight or obese their entire (adult) life, there's not much of a baseline of being what "not overweight" is. Especially in combination with having lived in denial for a long time, and developing a skewed body image. BMI helps with anchoring something in the statistically normal. And in my personal experience, there are few things  most overweight or obese people want more than being normal (aside from bacon cheeseburgers).   Also, overweight in itself as a statistical definition doesn't speak about fat. If you are 6' and 280lbs with a 9% body fat, you are still by definition statistically overweight. Because you weigh more than the average person of the same height. Saying BMI is a poor gauge of anything because it's obviously wrong for the athlete minority who already have way more accurate factors to determine their health and how in shape they are - well, duh. It was never meant to be a catch-all single numerical value on health without any deviations or outliers. Actually quite the opposite. The only people who usually hear about BMI from their doctors, are usually those that are far away from the top of the bell curve - to either side.   I used BMI to provide goals/milestones when I lost weight. Not as medical truth. What tells me I'm in pretty decent shape now is the combination of my much lower resting heart rate, my blood pressure, my above average VO2Max, my "normal" range body fat, my exercise results, my complexion, what size clothes that fit me, the amount of energy i have and so on. It's a combination of a lot of information that provides the full picture.   BMI is just a statistical approximation, but it definitely holds great value for someone who's struggling with getting rid of a lot of fat and trying to get healthy.
1	I personally thought your post was pretty informative, but I disagree with your opinion on annie.  Her AP ratio's are terrible.  The only way you can really capitalize on them is if you get mejai's because she can rack up kills pretty easily due to her fantastic mid game. Late game she peters off hard and mainly benefits from magic pen due to the high base damage on her combo.   Usually Annie's do actually build pretty tanky/supporty.  I see a lot of Annie's get Will of the Ancients/rylai's to provide more utility to the team.  Sure she could build straight AP, but her entire spell combo only scales 1.9 off AP (including her ulti).  Compare that to veigar who's spell combo scales 2.8 off AP.   Although someone like veigar pretty much does always build straight ap, with very little emphasis on support.
0	That meme just pisses me off, especially since some of my friends said similar things to me. So, well done OP. Good meme.   The bitter truth about the internet (and probably IRL too) is that you need incentive, guts and dedication. Otherwise no one cares about your opinions.   If you want to post your opinion, but lack the dedication to defend your statement, then it's a worthless post. You are better off not posting at all.   Similarly, incentive is the force that will drive you to post. Without incentive, no post. The same could be said about having guts. You could have incentive, but if you lack guts, you won't post either.
1	Oh man, I used to be in your exact shoes and actually I can say that I still am. that feeling when you want to go into a ranked game and you start feeling sick, having to go to the toilet and even feeling your hands get cold and shakey. It was especially bad when I did start going on win streaks because I didn't want to drop down again and that's when I began to tilt and lost just as many as I won. MY COUNTER: I play some music as I get into the game and try to focus on one thing in particular in the game -> should always be to CS as best as you can. If you do this your mind should just follow the team flow and plays will come up on their own (: Unfortunately for me after I have a game or two I feel too warn out and I stop for the day but i'm working on getting better at it.   Also no point listening to the people who say "It's just a game, don't be nervous". yeah it is a game, but it's still just like saying "Oh it's, it's just the speech that will decide whether you become a president or not" completely irrelevant and league un-important but still. It doesn't help (^:   Edit:
0	this happened to my cat, it was somewhat of a miracle..   I was just browsing tumblr a week or two before Easter, and my mom had an Easter Lilly in the house. I let my cat out of my room and she came downstairs and started sniffing and eating it. I honestly thought nothing of it because she eats so much crap anyway (she has that pica disorder). But I do try and keep a close eye on her. But all of a sudden I came across this [picture]( I freaked the fuck out and rushed her to the emergency vet and it totally saved her life.   It was going to cost like $1000-$1700 and it was just so much and I didn't think I would be able to afford it, so they knocked the price down to around $600 because they took out 3 blood work tests. Yet I still thought it was too much but obviously I was going to pay it, but as this elderly couple were leaving with their dog, the husband pulled out $300 and just handed it to me. I was in so much shock, and I wasn't sure if I should have hugged him because I didn't want to piss off his wife, so I shook his hand, but the wife came up to me and gave me this huge hug, and all they said was to keep it because their dog was perfectly fine. I never got his or her name and I will never forget their kind hearts, and their generousness.
1	With Fnatic, though, it's cos they lack focus imo. At knockouts and season-deciding games, they always beat everyone (both season of LCS, IPL6, Worlds, etc)   All the things that people have inferred from LCS performance (Gambit and Fnatic inconsistent, etc) can pretty much be put down to one sad fact: the league doesn't really matter. Top 2 is great, top 6 is fine. Nobody really cares whether they're 3rd or 6th, if they back themselves in the knockouts (which teams like Gambit and Fnatic always do) then the league really doesn't matter to them.   Gambit really picked it up at the end of last season, which might make you think "they really wanted to climb the table!" but imo they just realised coming outside top 6 was a genuine risk, so they won some games. Same with TSM, to a lesser extent. Anyway I'm rambling....
1	The "Kayle: nerfed to death" sentence was some of the biggest BS I have ever read in a reddit thread.Kayle is still viable,for crying out loud it is even played in OGN.If you don't trust your teammates on certain champions just ban them.
1	I think he wrote a long ass post but then he realized the
0	Took me 6 years to get through (with a year long break and switching majors twice).   My husband is going to graduate at 11 years after high school. He took time off to get me through as I was closer to graduation than he was after we got married. He then took a break due to depression and went back part time when our daughter was about a year old or so. He also changed his major somewhat dramatically (classics & letters to MIS). He's working very hard to get out and I really appreciate it.
1	CURRENTLY HAVE A 1225 CHAT RESTRICTION GAMES OUT OF 1435 AS TOTAL PUNISHMENT.   As the the name says, I created this just to comment on your post. I usually just lurk and read stuff like this, so what I have to say about this topic really means something to me.   First of all, I want to say one thing to all those people crying about toxic League community all the time to shut up and get that stick out of their asses. It's a lame ass trend that kids are just farming around.   Sure, there are those people who find joy is bringing agony to others and deliberately being annoying, but that's not everyone. There is a reason why a person would flame or use hate speech. In my case, it's usually when I'm losing a game. Unfortunately, that's been happening a lot lately. I'm not claiming to be better than everyone around me, but when I'm constantly getting matched with a team and a score of 10-0 by the first 8 minutes, it starts to take its toll on you. Now one of those smartass readers will say something like "HURDUR U GET MATCHED WITH PEOPLE SAME SKILL AS U." To those, I say that you really have no clue what you're talking about.   Many times I'd get matched with people who are like 0/3, engage a fight against their opposite laner and end up putting something as silly as a 'XD' face in /all chat after dying for the fourth time. THAT sort of crap pisses me off to no end. THEY ARE MORE THAN HAPPY TO FEED, BUT GET PISSED AT YOU WHEN YOU ASK THEM NOT TO AND START THROWING WORDS AROUND LIKE "U SUK". Many people would say to just mute them when that happens. But does muting them stop their feeding? No, it doesn't. It reaches a point where you just don't give a crap anymore and you want payback because they have just cost you a game, so you start swearing at them. The worst part is that the rest of the team sides with them, and that's if they aren't already part of a premade (which is often the scenario in my case) and you'd get at least 2x reports.   This is the issue I want to bring light on here. The assholish behavior does not get punished, while people like me who only swear/get offensive out of frustration or being provoked do get punished.  I believe Riot needs to look at the source of the problem and see why people would behave like that other than just instantly punish someone whose logs show the words 'Fuck you.'   I play this game because I like it; I don't play it because I want to antagonize other players.  When you start reporting premades every other games, the system doesn't take your reports anymore, so when someone tells you to get 'cancer and die' for asking them to stop feeding, all you can do is just reply at them in the same manner even though you know you'll be punished for what you're saying and not them. I'd like to make it clear that I've never wished anyone death or any illness in game, though I do receive those sometimes.   I'd also like to mention that when I do get a good team who takes the game seriously and do put in effort and not just troll and ruin the game for me by feeding or so and using that lamest excuse of them all 'it's only ranked', I do actually honor them post match.   I'll also admit that when I see on /all chat the opposite team's jungler and support asking for their ADC to be reported for being offensive, I usually side with him when his support makes stupid plays and his jungler gives him no ganks when ours is constantly ganking him because I feel for them and know what they would be going through.
0	I used to have a friend who had some pretty serious mental and physical handicaps. He invited me to his birthday party. I went and discovered that the place was full of his other friends all similar to him in disability. No big deal!   Well anyway there's this one girl who is there with her handicapped brother. She's a dime if I've ever seen one. She saw me tossing a ball to my buddy and getting overly excited when he caught it. She started chatting with me, being all sweet and shit. I thought she was really into me until it dawned on me... she thought I was one of the tards. The look on her face when she realized I wasn't tarded was hilarious.  At first I was really offended, but then I realized how embarrassed she was and that made me laugh in her face.
1	He basically tried to start a fight with Locodoco out of no where asking him to lord bet him this morning at like 4am.   Really weird too because usually Lord bets are between 2 people who are in constant interaction with eachother and actually talk to eachother more then 1ce.   He basically put Loco in a poor spot saying to Lord bet him that NME would win and its like well if Loco doesn't take the bet then he looks like an ass.   Then he said something Apollo being the weakest link during the TIP vs CLG game when clearly Adrian mis using his ult during 2 essential team fights is what cost them the most objectives and ultimately the game.   Even TIP on twitter said Apollo was their MVP of the day.
0	Although effective obesity prevention leads to a decrease in costs of obesity-related diseases, this decrease is offset by cost increases due to diseases unrelated to obesity in life-years gained. Obesity prevention may be an important and cost-effective way of improving public health, but it is not a cure for increasing health expenditures.   [Source](   Forbes ran an article basically saying the opposite of what the forbes article you posted says.   EDIT: [More Source](
1	SPOILER ALERT: They did.   Here's an example, Samsung released their galaxy s4 active that is can handle water right? Guess what, someone from AT&T told reddit that it actually "can't" and the warranty on the S4 Active is void if the source of damage was water and you can't a free replacement.   Now   The  employer  released a video saying it can do that while the  employee  from their call center said that it was false.  Should  Samsung have done that? No but the money from their contract is still coming.   For Team Siren   Not only did the video get everyones attention but it gave them a  name . Now it wasn't a great  name  but it got their name out into the League of Legends community. The video itself was too cheesy and serious and this community would not like it.   >Its their team, why not? if they didnt like the video THAT much, leave the team and form your own
1	This is so true! I started season 3 with an awful start(spammed corki cause he was fun). I wasn't realizing hoe hard it would be to climb out when the divisions etc. came to play. So i was in bronze 5 and started to look at my own plays instead of others and stop blaming and all. Eventually by playing one champion and getting good at that champion, i started to affect every single game positively. While i started climbing the ladder i made sure i kept the same mindset and not react on ragers/AFKers etc. By the end of season 3 i was gold 1 with 94 points(couldn't play enough the last day...) and i realized i achieved all this MYSELF!
1	Hi i am SteveSter and i am a casual plat player who mains Katarina top aiming for Diamond or masters playing Katarina top.   My goal in life is to try my best and make people's day by making them smile or laugh. I am super friendly and will help anybody in anyway i can by talking to anybody with personal problems or help anyone who wants to get better at league. I play ranked and normal usually chilling with my friends. I also stream tournaments as I enter them weekly Friday, Saturday, and Sunday starting 7 pm EST.   I have also started to coach people so if you want to learn anything please feel free to schedule lesson when im free!   I haven't been streaming often finding quite hard to stream when no one is watching but will be strongly motivated as more people come! When I do stream it is usually weekdays 11am - 6pm EST   one of my streams in a nutshell
0	So instead of a non paid day...you're using your vacation days. You do realize at most jobs you can just ask them to do this for you.  Vacation is just PTO, use it how you feel.
1	i know everyone has their favorite player and such, but theres so many "i want azure cats" in this comment section i dont really get it.   there was a reason why jiji was replaced by link, it wasnt cause hotshot hated him or he wasnt dedicated or w/e it was just link was better, jiji didnt bring much special to the team back then.. its not like oh he got kicked cause he was just too entertaining and crazy playstyle (and thats why fans love watching him), it was just he was subpar to link.
0	Because who's to say it's going to have a shitty life? You? When my sister was in the womb, the umbilical cord was wrapped around her neck at the one of the final ultrasounds. The doctors said she would most likely have some health issues because of it. So by OP's and your logic, we should've put her down like a fucking dog? Fuck you. My sister. was diagnosed with cerebral palsy at 2 years old. But for the last 12 years until her passing last May, my family and I loved her unconditionally and treated her no different because of her disability. You think pain and ridicule is the only thing she ever had? She had a smile that could bright up a room and a laugh that I will never ever forget. She made me the man I am today. While I am pro-choice, I would never think let's deny this baby it's right to life because of something it had no control over.
1	Reading your comments on this thread and speaking from experience, I'd recommend 3 levels of play and expectation instead of your current 2. Also,  remember that you can only control your actions and reactions. If you get in an argument in all chat and get reported even though the other dick was the problem, you probably deserved it for being annoying and perpetuating the rage.   1) Ranked: I'm going to decide to stick to meta and play roles and champs I am comfortable with and I know my builds for. If someone feeds or rages, I can mute and report them while still trying to focus on my mechanics for this role (which based on your current rank is something you probably desperately need to do to get better).   2) Normals: I want to relax a bit and play a game where I don't have to play my main roll. I do this here because I can fail and it won't matter. Also, if there are trolls/bitches and I mute them, it won't really matter because I am learning a champ or role I'm not completely confident about and I'm kinda planning on losing. Here, of course, trying to win is still important, but again, you can focus on mechanics of the role or champ and ignore everything else.   3) ARAM: Fuck it, I'm going 100% attack speed Annie... or I might build regular, but who the fuck cares?
1	nono you get me wrong I always use wards even when im not support ( well except for AD with a support but on normals where there is no support I ward as AD too or get a wriggles)   And as I mentioned I know why the meta is how it is. We need the carry to have items for lategame. Ill just quote myself here: "I know why the metagame is how it is currently. The AD needs the farm more than I do but it just isnt fun anymore."   I have no enjoyment in being the support. Maybe You are important during the laning phase with the warding and the harass and yes that can be fun too but when I play anything else I have fun during the laning and the endgame ( provided that I get my farm and I dont feed)
1	I've said this so many times: WHY do people have such a problem with Yi? I love playing him, he's one of my favorite champs, and he's also viable (I play him at 1600, Atlanta plays him in pro tourneys).   Ok, I'm going to analyze this OP's points:   >His mana pool is lower than normal.   I haven't ever looked at this, but mana isn't usually a problem for me; maybe his most valid point? That Yi has slightly lower than usual mana?   >His W is on an absurdly high cooldown.   It's a really good skill in certain situations, I don't think it's an "absurdly" long CD but hey, maybe you know more about what the CD of that unique spell should be than I do. Furthermore, I don't think Yi's W (while a cool skill) has anything to do with his viability.   >His E is outdated and doesn't follow the normal mechanics of an activated steroid (see Xin Zhao: retains the attack speed after pressing W; See Fiora: Retains her AD after Parry; See Gangplank: Retains his movespeed and AD after the morale buff times out).   No, it's not. XZ was originally like this but had his changed only so he would be viable in the jungle. Yi doesn't need that help.   >His R only gains the cooldown bonus if he gains an assist during the duration of the ult. This is counterproductive in a team based game where the objective is not WHO gets the kills but rather just killing the enemies, aka "teamfights". A team shouldn't be forced to have to feed Yi kills just so his ult keeps up.   Yi has really high dps. Most of the time he gets the kill; if not he then has a 30s CD on his ultimate which is fine for a gank; you only need it once. In a lategame teamfight, if he hasn't gotten 2 assists in 12 seconds it doesn't matter anyway.   So again, I don't see what the problem is. Master Yi is deceptively tricky to play well as, he took me a long time to learn. Multiple people have shown that Yi is around average in viability, definitely not in the bottom third. Many champs need help more than him.
0	As a tall dude (6'5") I usually lightly tap peoples shoulders or the top of their head to get their attention when they dont hear me say "excuse me". Tapping their head, at first, they have a "WTF" look on their face then they see a giant (me) and laugh a bit then I get the normal "sorry" (moves)
0	Your third and first points ignore the fact that we have a federal system of government, not one national government. For a long time many states did have official religions, but thanks to the arguments of Madison and Jefferson, opinion moved away from that. But you are absolutely wrong that it would absolutely be considered unconstitutional. The First Amendment was intended, in part, to prevent the FEDERAL government from obstructing STATE churches. It's not obvious even that the Bill of Rights applies to the states (as they mostly had their own bills of rights, and thus weren't even sure a national BOR was necessary), and later Supreme Court rulings are, contrary to your bluster, quite equivocal about the extent to which it applies.   Speaking generally, we can never get rid of the problem of having to deal with the wishes of the majority, no matter how many institutional checks and balances, and paper barriers, we put up between them. There is always the problem of tyranny of the majority-- it is always going to be pushing its pushy morality on us. And make no mistake about it-- despite what they say, gay marriage proponents are just as sanctimonious and moralistic about their opinion as gay marriage opponents, if not more so. Think about how angry they get if you disagree with them. That is not a sign of cold rationality, about an equitable distribution of benefits. It's a sign of moralistic passion.   So yea, you get special benefits if you're married. So what--you get special benefits if you buy a fuel-efficient or electric car, too. Government is allowed to use its taxing and spending powers to encourage or discourage certain activity, and while it usually makes some sort of argument about why that's a good idea, it doesn't have to.  There are some kinds of benefits that don't fall under those categories-- like you said, legal rights, like visitation, power of attorney, etc. But as these are conventional arrangements made by the state to recognize the presence of the family in civil society, I see no problem with them being discriminatory in the classical sense about whom to confer these rights on. On married couples, not on boyfriends or girlfriends. Not on the bestest of friends even if they are closer than any spousal relationship. If whole classes of people are being inconvenienced by these arrangements, I see no problem with them being changed by majority-elected legislatures, but there's no reason to get all moralistic about it, call it a civil right, ostracize and calumniate opponents, and congratulate yourself for your forward-thinking.   As for your second point, your argument is debatable, and the time frame is extremely narrow, but it's irrelevant anyway because gay marriage is a symptom, not a cause, of both prosperity and social upheaval.
0	You're absolutely right.  You do get to decide what you do with your body.  Good and bad.   When people offer whatever advice they think is worth sharing,  it can  come from desire to help someone they care about, but... here's my theory:   I think people who give this kind of advice are actually scared by the fact they recognise elements of their own behaviour in you (ex. not exercising enough, having an unhealthy relationship with food, etc).  I think they see they are not that different from you and could easily find themselves in your shoes if they altered their life a bit here and there.   By offering advice, I think these people are trying to reassure themselves they will not "suffer the same fate" you have, because they can draw an arbitrary line between your experience and their own.   The bitter conclusion here, though, is that the person offering you advice finds your situation unsettling, possibly even scary...and maybe that says more than whatever advice they might be giving.
1	Vayne is a really difficult pick but still viable, definitely. It really depends on the matchup as to how you play it, so I'll take the matchups one by one.   Vs Sivir:  This is actually not that hard a lane for you. Hold tumble for when she tries q'ing you, you have pretty much the same aa range so she can't zone you. As long as you have fast enough reactions on tumble you can avoid most of the harass. This really comes down to the supps in lane, and this lane will be brutal if Annie is the Sivir's supp. Leona and Thresh are nasty too but awareness and you can tumble away from that too. 6 is your biggest friend. She gets disengage/engage at 6 but you get a massive powerspike. Try to use that to your advantage. This WILL get really tough if you fall behind though. You outscale Sivir by a long way.   vs Lucian: With the best harass in the game atm in early levels, this is quite a difficult lane. I usually don't pick into it, but if you HAVE to.. Avoid piercing light with tumble when possible, and use your condemn/tumble to get out of the culling if he fires that up. Your best bet is having a hard lockdown like Leona or a strong sustain like Nami or Raka in your support. If you have a Leona you can chain stuns into condemn to lockdown Lucian for an entire fight. Again, use your 6, Vayne has one of the strongest 6's on an ADC. Lucian also can't properly lock you down with the culling when you ulti.   Vs Jinx: This can both be a brutal lane or a really easy one. Jinx will zone you if she uses her rockets right, but she lacks the mobility if you engage on her. Which means a good position with wards means that you can condemn her easily, with her lacking the repositioning of Lucian or the spellshield of Sivir. She has a near as large powerspike at 6 as you, but yours doesn't need you to land a skillshot, so you definitely outdo her if you can dodge the rocket. Unless she zoned you too hard pre-6, which is always a possibility. A Taric is actually really good into this matchup, just because of the bonus armour making you able to survive early trades.
0	The dog I rescued three and a half years ago had been abused and neglected, and both my vet and trainer agree that his first owner beat him for pooping in the house. When i first adopted him, he would hold his shit in until he physically could not any more, then he'd run as far from it as he could and hide quivering under the shrubs, whimpering softly. Once, he pooped in the yard, and just when I was about to praise him for it, he got frantic and started wolfing down his own feces as quickly as he could, like he was trying to undo pooping, then ran and cowered in the bushes. Another time, he started let go right next to me when I was doing yard work, and he literally pulled his poop back in. It took months to help him get passed all of that.   What many people don't realize is that if your dog poops in the house while you are out, then you come home and hit him for it, you've taught him to fear you coming home. His acting happy at that point becomes a way to try to appease you so you don't hit him. It's possibly one of the most disturbing caused of separation anxiety (which my dog also had, but that's a whole other book), and SA had been on the rise in shelters across the US, according to the lady I spoke with at the SPCA.
1	After months of lurking, I registered just to up your post.  I agree that Karma is not anywhere near as weak a champion as most LoL players believe.  I think all she really ever needed was to for her maximum mantra charges and her mantra charge recovery rate to improve as she gained levels.  Even with her current kit, I personally like her, own her, and play her from time to time, but I don't play ranked, so I've never had to deal with this kind of abuse.   Even before reading your post, but especially now, I agree that the classic Karma skin should only be free to people who owned Karma before the rework announcement.  I'm not trying to be greedy or selfish when I say this, but it just makes sense to me that the free skin in honor of the classic Karma should represent actually liking the classic Karma enough to have wanted to play her outside of free weeks.  However, if Riot were to just change the cutoff date now that they've announced it will match the release of the rework, all the people who did buy her after the announcement just because the want a free skin would feel betrayed, and justifiably so.
0	I took Anthropology this past semester and there was some girl in class who would not shut up about the end of the world when the professor did his lecture on ancient civilizations. He literally stopped his lecture, mid-sentence, when she asked for about the fourth time what he thought of the Mayan's end of the world prediction. He didn't say a word. All he did was close out his power point presentation, got on youtube, and showed a scene from Apocalypto where slaves (I guess that is what they were, I've never watched the movie) were being sacrificed by having their hearts ripped out so that the sun would stay up. Then an eclipse happens and they all freakout having killed a bunch of people already and all the Mayan chiefs look as high as a kite. The clip ends and the professor looks at the girl, completely dead pan, says something along the lines of: "This is more or less how the Mayan people were. They weren't some super-race of intelligent beings who could predict the future." She just sat in silence while everyone else around her kept on whispering: "Yeah, and they didn't account for leap years either..." At this point he resumed his lecture and continued as if nothing happened.
0	It's all an illusion. The real Reddit will never be seen by us mere mortals.   It's kind of like the Matrix but just different enough to not get sued.
1	Despite the other comments in this thread, boosting is only defined as playing on an account that is  not your own  with the intent of gaining ELO (moving up the ranked system). Here's two situations, one is boosting, one is not.   1) Player A and Player B want to play together in ranked. Player A is currently Silver and Player B is Platinum. Player B decides to log onto his own (Player B's) smurf account that is also Silver to play with Player A. This is an example of duo queuing with one person being a smurf. Perfectly okay   2) Player A (Silver) wants Player B (Platinum) to log onto his (Player A's) account and play the ranked games for him. This violates the rules of Account Sharing and is considered Boosting. This is not okay.
0	All I hear is whining about how you got proven wrong at every front.   I think you don't want to argue with people because you are afraid to be proven wrong, you are afraid to grow, and you are afraid to change. You control how these arguments go for you just as much as others and me do.   So don't get all uppity about your entitlement complex. If you assert a position on the internet, don't get pissy when people tell you its fucking retarded. Even more important is to not just cop out when you are getting shut the fuck down at every comment.
0	I look at America like my favorite football team, the New York Giants.  While they're not the best, they're still my favorite, and there's no other team I would rather be a fan of.
1	Anyone else feels mystery gifting may have be the solution to retired skins?   It's depressing to see those very rare skins and know you can't ever have them. But on the other hand, that's what make them so mystical and interesting.   If you use the concept of mystery gifting but make it so you can use it for yourself as well, you make it possible to obtain the rare skins without making them common.   It's like collecting pokemon cards. Everybody wanted charizard first edition. Nobody would want to be unable to never obtain it and be aware of that fact. BUT nobody wanted to be handed the most valuable card if it implied everybody else would have it too. It was all about the treasury hunt! It would make buying skin so much more exciting!
0	I had a similar situation but was quite a bit younger. When I was 11, I was told to say my goodbyes to my mom who was terminal and living on support at home, but I had been playing Starcraft online and was so concerned with getting back to my game that I said my goodbye and headed back to play, missing her last hour alive. I still feel terrible about it but I think it was my way of coping with everything.
1	Disagree. They are rebuilding KTB with fresh blood while the Arrows are a strong team. They built up their new team, the Arrows whilst KTB was at a high point. So now, the two teams have effectively switched. The Arrows are just getting better ever season. Let's say the Bullets take 2-3 seasons to train and become strong. At that point KT Rolster should in theory, have TWO very strong teams instead of one, which should be the goal of every org. It's a brilliant plan that I think the CJ org can learn from.
1	For what it's worth if I were forced to guess I'd say you were making that up (statistically you, as a random person on the internet I know nothing else about, are most likely to be at the middle of the pack for any given game).  But frankly it doesn't matter whether or not you're being truthful.  Nothing you just said makes my statement concerning probability any less true.  You could be the best player in the world at every video game ever made and your success rate in those games would still be determined by probability.
1	There is no way to counterplay her ultimate. Literally no way. CC doesn't affect her, the ulted target's damage is lowered, and it lasts a long time.   And her passive is op as fuck. reduces burst damage extremely. Her q is percent damage and her w gives damage+speed+durability.
0	Politicians aren't "in charge" of the economy.  Closest you get is the Fed Chair, and they do actually know a thing or two about economics.
1	And youre not a fiora main, youre basicly a fiora-only   I'm not entirely sure what you're communicating with that. I play Fiora more out any champion. I'm a Fiora main? If I only played Fiora, wouldn't I still be a Fiora main?   I think I'm just having a hard time believing that ANYONE wants to go back to the bruiser only Renekton vs Shyvana only meta that was big for a few months. That was literally the most boring thing ever.   I also think that people's perceptions of what is OP or UP are pretty overrated. It's solo que. You're much better off playing what you're good at than what is considered "meta."  I see posts like this all the time on Reddit, so yeah, I'm going to invest some energy in providing an alternative voice to the "meta is broken" circle-jerk: No, it's fine. Stop playing what the pros play, and play what you're good with.   The Bruiser playstyle is about getting in your face and killing you and behing a huge pain in team fights. If there is no room for squishier champions to kite and outplay 1v1, the game gets pretty boring for everyone else. I don't think it's as 1 sided as you claim it is, coming from someone who has seen plenty of bruisers do fine and plenty of bruisers do poorly.
0	Do NOT do this. He spent  wayyyy  too long in the fatal funnel. Slice your pie as far back from your corner as is practical, roll out when necessary (but don't step and roll out), and EXPLODE through the doorway. Do not put your weapon in a "cover" mode (i.e. position sul, high ready, low ready), have it ready to shoot at a target in your blind spot (in this video, 90 degrees left) IMMEDIATELY.
0	Someone ought to invent cigarettes that keep the flavor of regular cigarettes but are way less addictive and way less harmful (when used in moderation). This way you preserve the smoking culture but you bring it down to alcohol levels. You would then have to develop a clear, functional system to tackle alcohol addiction (and thus cigarette addiction too).
1	I played with a morde who went 0-4 in lane against morgana and told us the game was over from the start because we banned shen instead of morg [lol]   Meanwhile I was playing vayne in botlane and had about 4 times the enemy ashe's cs..when laning phase ended around 22 mins I had 200 and she had 60 and I was 3/0 .............as vayne.   Mordekaiser decides to afk for 20 minutes then come back as we are finishing baron and pushing down their nexus to ask the other team to report me for being a noob.
0	Hi, we've never met, but I was on government programs when I was younger (Medicaid and WIC for my son who was quite ill when he was born).  These programs allowed me to complete school and since then, I've gotten to the point where I am quite well off, owning a 40 person company and paying around $250k a year in taxes.   Government programs help far, far more people become productive members of society with a fraud rate below private charities - in other words, it's the most efficient safety net we have.  The social safety net is not only more efficient, but the net effect of welfare spending is a bigger GDP multiplier than defense or foreign expenditures and austerity has been shown to be a failure at restarting the economy.
1	I think you have failed to realize or read what I have discovered in a very short period of time. Several different popular North American ISPd have had their users report of issues. (Bell, Shaw, Time Warner) Additionally, EUW is having a very similar problem. Now if it WERE that simple, the issue would have been resolved within a few days of its appearance. Yet here we are, you with your unlimited pool of expertise and problem solving and I with my problem.   I have already stated that both of those changes can be made to somewhat fend of this monster of a problem. HOWEVER, it is much like the "band-aid" RIOT was referring to; it is just that... a temporary fix.   Now, with your exquisite professional experience I think you might agree that with a program's release you would want as many people to be able to use it with as little resistance as possible. In doing this, you would want to say that with certain operating systems there will be no issue in using your program. This becomes a great deal when designing a game that several hundred people will use. What are the specs of the computer of the average user? What settings will the average user have on their computers? Will they know how to change what is necessary to change in order to use the program? So you're saying that in order to use THEIR program (LoL) I must do all that? In the business world, that is too much. Your proposition will be denied. We would like an efficient program please!   Finally, if this were the approved means of adjudicating this predicament why doesn't Riot simply announce this is what you have to do if you are using ONE out of said TWO ISPs that are being affected? Well, my friend there is our problem: IT IS NOT THAT SIMPLE (my fear)
1	Try to format this so it is easier to read and add a
1	Yeah looking back on that I think Doublelift didn't need to heal, but I'm just a Platinum level shitlord.
1	if you plan to afk farm the jungle, you should tell your team if you are in an elo that isn't aware of the feral meta e.g. "no ganks until i'm 6"     if you are not going to gank until you are 6 or have feral done, you better be damned sure you can gank correctly or you are wasting your time i.e. don't gank a land you aren't 100% sure you can secure a kill. else you look like an idiot who just afk farms the jungle and has no experience jungling     if you are going to play the feral meta, you need to get thick skin and ignore any flaming you get. or take your chat box and throw it into a corner. or mute everyone. /mute all     you should format your text, people will be dissuaded by a wall of text post       i get a lot of flack for playing my Evelynn. I play her jungle mid or top as AD with Muramana. My teammates often say something along the lines of "eve wtf your items." i promptly ignore them and go 17/4.
1	So I had three games, aram, normal, normal. My mmr isnt even bad, its around dia 5, I assume. And every game I got atleast 3 flamers.   First game was someone out of my team cursing about how good their aram team was, etc.   second game was against a toplane riven, who apperentaly wasnt friendly enough to do some funtalk on lane and instead called me "the shittiest crap player ever" and other things, even though she was 1/3 with the kill she stole from the kha gank.   Third game was with riven mirror top. Ours apperentaly never heard of of attack cancelling, calling the other one "pro" "hacker" and other stuff.
1	I understand where you are coming from and i do agree that bot lane, above all, is currently under "standardized" picks. Everyone goes Annie/Leona/Thresh for support and its perfectly fine if you don't like those champions and even if you hate them. Now just do get into that mindset that if you pick something out of the meta that you are "hurting your team". We are not lcs players, almost every champion is viable, given that you know how to play them and make good use of their strengths and weaknesses. Everyone seems to forget that counters exist, have you tried morgana for instance? Morgana completely shits on Annie. Morgana denies Leona so hard that you force her to be a punching bag or an auto attack bot at maximum. Morgana lanes extremely well against thresh. This goes for all lanes. Trundle started to make an appearance in competitive play because only manaless tanks inhabited the top lane, until players started to realize that a champion with an auto attack speed buff who steals tank stats destroys them. And since he has become himself "standard", it allows for champions like Jax and hell, even Irelia, show up again in the top lane. Morgana is already a reflex of this shift, its not by chance that she's starting to be a contested pick in EU. And as she will rise, other supports will have the spotlight once again, and with that, the carries pool itself will change. What i'm trying to say is don't pick a champion because you think your team will be behind. If you play a champion that you like and perform well with him (or a hard counter) who ensures that you win lane and group with your team with your carry a full item ahead of theirs then you did your job well. Supports like janna are perfect versus a leona and a team of divers, nami and zyra are great at disengaging or counter-engaging and are perfect for split pushing teams or siege teams, Fiddle and Alistar excel vs Assassins like Zed and Le Blanc. Popular picks and FotM picks have always been here, the trinity of Leona/thresh/annie is going on for quite a while but there are, like Morgana, a ton of other support champions who wreck the popular picks.
0	Let me tell you how this all started. I was going to watch The Purge with some friends and that same day happened to be her first day at her new job. So she texts me saying "Some black guy was following me after work. I was taking random City Buses for about an hour and he finally left when I asked some guy to pretend he was my Boyfriend." Well I think this is a joke and proceed to tell her "I REALLY hope this is a joke." Well turns out it wasn't and she says "I can see how much you care."   Well the movie starts and I tell her I'm at the movies with some friends. She tells me "Ok I'll stop bugging you. Bye" I ask her "Do you want me to text or come over to your place after the movie?" She never replies.   Around 11:30 she starts another conversation with me. While we're texting, I get on my Facebook on my iPhone. She has logged on her FB account before so I guess her information was saved on my phone or something. Well I'm on my account and my phone freezes and sends me to my home screen. I simply click on the FB app and I was logged in as her for some strange reason. Now this is where it gets weird, already being magically logged out of MY account and signed into hers, just as I was about to log out and go back to mine, she receives a message. " I can't help it, you have a nice body."   I read the entire conversation. She was the one who started texting him with "Hi buddy". It all leads to some joke they have or something:   F:I bet you were outside my window watching me. M: I was and I enjoyed watching you shower. F: Then why didnt you come and join me? M: I cant. I would be tempted to do things. M: I cant help it you have a nice body!
1	One thing you could do if you're playing draft for normals or ranked is to ban him.  I agree with you that he is strong right now but not necessarily broken.  As many have stated his split push potential is huge.  A lot of his damage comes from crits which even if you have armor still hurt a lot, so 1 v 1'ing him is difficult from the burst damage from crits as well as his ultimate giving him 5 seconds of free immunity to dying.   The biggest counter to Tryndamere is as stated, shutting him down early game.  He is incredibly vulnerable early game to ganks because his only escape is a spin that doesn't close that much distance or he has to burn a summoner spell.  Play a champion that can effectively zone him and force him to CS under his tower.  Try to avoid long engages with him as his Q increases his AD the lower his health gets, Trynd excels in straight up 1 v 1 brawls which is why his splitpushing is incredible.   As for team fights, just CC him if he tries to enter the fight right away.  A decent Tryndamere will sit back though and wait for your team to blow their CC, so be sure to protect your ADC because that's likely where he's aiming to go.
0	Sure it's hard to deal with customers, but as a bartender at a higher end place, here are the reasons that you tip me:     I know every ingredient in every item on my menu that changes regularly     I know what you want before you do most of the time.     I know how to make your drink and everyone else's in the restaurant. You do not.     I clean up after you and your kids so that you don't have to.     I try make your time enjoyable, even if you and your guest don't.     Most places only pay us $3 or less an hour to bring your food and beverage prices down. Go eat the same meal in Europe or a unionized restaurant and enjoy the $50 entree you pay $25 for at my place.     I smile and pretend to like you even though I know you are probably leaving less than 15% because you agree with this meme.     I make you look good on your first date, job interview, client smoozing, etc. I make people want to hang out with you, believe it or not.       This is just what came to mind. I know not all servers and bartenders do this, but I do and that's why you tip me. It's your choice on what the tip is.  If someone gives shit service, give a shit tip. I do the same. Just know that we remember customers and their actions. Degradation is just as bad, if not worse, as a lousy tip.   The
1	Aram mode is just purely dependant on luck   F.e. u Can Show skill as a Support Main with a Support champ , your skill in 1v1 is declared whether you or the opponent, the Person who wins must be the more skilled one.   So 1v1 does Show skill but Not in the way everyone thinks.
1	218.4%.   "The highest spell vamp value currently possible is attainable on  Akali using her  Discipline of Might on Twisted Treeline. This requires:   Attack Damage sources   95 AD -  Sanguine Blade (fully stacked)   95 AD -  Maw of Malmortius While at 30% hp or less   45 AD -  Hextech Gunblade   20 AD - nearby allied  Zeke's Herald (aura)   40 AD -  Crest of Crushing Wrath   42 AD -  Ichor of Rage   50 AD -  Eye Of The Storm   35 AD -  Radiance   5 AD -  Ignite with  Summoner's Wrath   35.64 AD - Marks of Might, Seals of Might and Glyphs of Might   3 AD -  Brute Force   12.24 AD -  Deadliness   Total AD: 477.88 AD +10% for owning both alters (including her base of 110.6) = 535.728   Conversion: (535.728-9.5)/6 = x + 6   Total: 93% (decimal of .871 dropped)   Spell Vamp sources   20% -  Hextech Gunblade   20% -  Will of the Ancients   20% - nearby allied  Will of the Ancients (aura)   20% -  Spirit of the Spectral Wraith   6% - Quintessences of Transmutation   3% -  Vampirism   Total: 89%   Spirit Visage increases the given spell vamp, increasing the subtotal of 182% by 20%. Making the maximum spell vamp 218.4%.   Assuming that  Akali can hit three targets with her  Crescent Slash, she will heal for 1207.52 hp, 61% of her life."
0	As someone who spent a good 10 years trying desperately to convince an uninterested father to love me, I say good for you for knowing when someone is or isn't worth your time. My dad also left when I was a baby and my mom raised me on her own. I wanted so badly to have him in my life, and from the ages of 18-28 (met him when I was 18) I invited him to everything, ignored pain and insult, and flat-out forgave him time and again for not doing what he said he would. He even RSVPed and got all the way into town (6 hour drive for him) for my wedding, chickened out at the last minute, and didn't show up (or bother to call to say sorry). It wasn't until I had my own child that I realized I am not willing to let her feel the same pain, and I cut off contact for good.
1	The pro's use champs like mundo and shyvana BECAUSE they are better than other champs.   They use champs like gragas simply because he is better than fizz karthus katarina.   Why? Because pro's dont care about riot, they care about winning and if winning means using the most broken champ available than that is what they do.   There is a certain meta because throughout the years this is the most effective way to win a game, thus pro's play it.   Its their job, its why they sign contracts, organisations dont want to sign and pay 5 people only to play "what they want and have fun".   Its business, its e-sports
1	Discounting someone's opinion entirely based on rank is an issue the Sc2 Forum has and it's a very bad logical fallacy. A logical fallacy is a device that sounds logical but is, ultimately, false.   For example: I'm sure somewhere, some bronze player swore by Ravenous Hydra Kha'zix. That probably wasn't the most optimal build at the time, but it's still a good build. That Bronze player was probably insulted, ridiculed, and laughed at by the "superior diamond players."   You could have an IQ of 30 and still possess the ability to say something right that is an apt criticism. It's highly unlikely, but possible. Credability only determines the likelihood, not the certainty, of being right or wrong.   Likewise, it doesn't even matter the "Mechanics vs. Knowledge (it doesn't matter if you can execute the play, or if you can think of the play, either way, it only matters if you can make plays). Criticism can be correct from any source, all that matters is what's said.   With that being said, this isn't criticism "OMG Wikd sucksa so bad 4 buildin' trinity on Malphite." This is illiterate bashing, if you want to have valid criticism change it to something more akin to this "Trinity Force is inefficient on Malphite outside of laning phase and other items offer better tankynesss while still providing a damage boost, and thus allow Malphite to fulfill his role of tanky initiator anti-carry.
1	Seeing you use the words vacuum and wall made me think of a new combo. There are a ton of food combos that go well with Galio's ult, like Kennen, Sona, etc, but with Thresh, Galio can ult and then Thresh can throw his wall down around him. Forcing the enemies to go through it when trying to escape Galio, which in turn, slows them and doesn't allow them to escape (The slow on Thresh's ult is 99%). Though it was unintentional, thanks! :P
1	To be honest, i kinda liked the idea of the whole thing, but it didnt really worked with this low ammount of people. It could have been fun with a full room cheering, like it is a blast in NBA allstar games, etc, when the well-known players comes in 1 by 1 while the crowd cheering and goes mad.   There was some funny moment though. Cop's Annie imitation, Saint slapping Rachel's ass, etc...
1	COROLLARY TO YOUR BOOT COMMENT:   CDR boots are debatably better on some mages, as many of them benefit more from CDR effects. by and large these are less the carries and more the supports, although there are exceptions (hint hint ryze)   For kennen, you probably want sorc boots though, as you're much more capped by your energy regen than your cooldowns per se.   However, all of this discussion is moot when we consider that  every  build should include tenacity, or at least make note of "boot options: mercs/other boot."
1	you do understand that having a psychology major doesn't equal a psychologist right? rofl   psychology majors are 99% completely useless. You have to have a masters degree at least in psych to have a chance of even working WITH a psychologist
0	There's a difference between being a "nice guy" and being a fucking gentleman. Grow some manners. Treat women with respect. Hold yourself confidently.
1	SrewTheShadow is absolutley right. I'm a developer who works on my company's android application. You can't believe how frustrating how slow some changes can be when the codebase started out bad (our android app wasn't written production at first but it was so large that we made it into production..).   We do a constant process of adding in new features as well as refactoring (which srewtheshadow correctly said, is one of the hardest things to do as a programmer) and we still only add like 3-5 new major features  each year . Not to mention, waiting on UX to finally like our designs for the screen (because they want perfect) is always a tedious process. This is due to wanting to get the design and flow  just right .   I can totally sympathize with riot on how long it takes to get things done. And to those who will say, "Why not just hire more developers". There's an interesting phenomenon in development in which too many developers on a project can actually slow the process down. You can think of us like pistons in an engine: The more pistons, generally the more HP produced (sorry for any gear-heads cringing); however, the more pistons the harder it is to time the engine and get all of the moving parts to work in sync. Developers are humans too (we like to think so): we aren't perfect with communication, we take time to read and understand code (it's a lot harder to read code than to write it), and we don't all agree on standards and styles which only further complicates things.
0	One of my high school teachers referred to black people as "negros" once, albeit in a respectful tone, nobody said anything, probably because there were no black people in the class.   Anyway one night I got drunk and met some black friends of friends and...
1	Why not proceed the vote just like last year that ppl choose their favorite player for each role from each region? I have heard that SKT T1 almost guarantee going to this tournament, since they got a the most circuit points, I was wondering it is kinda unfairness for the other regions since SKTT1 is way much stronger than any other team in the world, there is still 2 months to go but I don't think there is any other team could beat 'em
0	A lot of people will get pissed off at you and hope you feel sorry and take the blame when the police show up.  I had a guy rear end me then ask me what my problem was stopping all of a sudden.  He kept going on and on about how it was my fault for slowing down to stop at a yellow light 20 feet from the curb.   Anyways, the police showed up and he explains it to the officer like it was my fault then told me to agree with his statement.  I told the officer I was stopping at a red light and this guy rear ended me.  He went berserk calling me a liar and the officer cited him for assured clear distance.
0	internet marketer here. the reason the facebook ads are on there is because facebook is a known website and has a very common, "trustworthy" branding. even though reddit people wouldn't fall for it, there definetely can be an increase in click through rate on ads when implementing this style versus another style. ads on porn sites are charged on a CPM basis, so we are charged everytime the ad is shown 1,000 times, so it's best for the ad to get the most clicks as possible.
1	Bit late to the party.   We had a really bad beginning we lost pretty much all of our towers up to the inhibitor ones and then we managed to knock down there mid one which the minions kindly did for us while we were preoccupied getting pushed every lane on to our inhibitors.   Eventually after our team getting wiped in a team fight we lost our mid inhibitor then both our nexus towers and they starting smashing our nexus down then after our team respawned we managed to get an ace leaving our nexus at below half hp.   We then all rushed mid and took there mid inhibitor down. lost a few good men in a team fight in there base. the remaining people held of the enemies long enough for our nexsus's health to get brought back up to full, but to no avail they preceded to smash our nexus to pieces again to a ridiculous amount of like 20%. again we managed to kill them in our base we pushed the remaining towers and destroyed there nexus. Just shows you never to surrender a game.
0	God, I wish I thought you were kidding.   != means "not equal to." The way someone treats someone is not equal to the way they want to be treated. I can treat you like an idiot, but that doesn't mean I want to be treated like an idiot.   So she treats others as she would like to be treated. Would she like to be treated like shit? Then why is she surprised? Does she want to be treated well? Well awesome! Wants to be treated well, and she treats people the way she wants to be treated, so she treats people well. So why is she scumbag stacy?
0	a point system where a child can earn privileges / money, and can be punished when not enough points are earned is an actual therapy used as a last resort intervention for kids. (though it's just a part of the whole deal) the kids are placed in a foster care family that has training with this method. this sounds exactly like what is happening right now, and it's an extremely effective method. yet this method is usually at least 2 months. most of the time it's alot longer. only after he's internalised the structure will it continue to be effective.  so what i'm urging you to do, is use this to gain custody. make sure he can live with you alot longer than the 35 days the program lasts as that way you can give him both the stability and care he needs. also going back too soon will only make his problems come back.
1	NA teams can take games of EU teams but I see no potential for them vs Asian teams at the moment but we will see (I am especially interested in CLG to see how Aphro can mix things up on that team).   I do see some potential for some EU teams like Fnatic or CLG.EU to take games/series off Asian teams as this has been proven.   I think the main difference is innovation, a few weeks ago everyone was amazed that Fnatic were actually playing Kha'Zix and now everyone is.   Meanwhile in NA TSM haven't noticeably (to me) changed their play style at all and the height of innovation is Voyboy building mogs on Kat.
0	This is a well thought-out post. The only issue is that there  are  programs that exist, but unless a mentally ill or deficient person is a danger to themself or others, they have the choice whether or not to participate and many times they choose not to. It's not really up to us (I believe), as a society, to decide what is the  right  thing for people to do. Maybe drinking maddog outside the liquor store makes them happier than working a desk job ever would.   People do what they do for a reason- even if they don't understand it. People do not do things that aren't rewarding to them. When you have people that don't fit into society, it's because they are more sensitive to the rewards of something than a normal person, or less sensitive to the punishments than a normal person. Here's my example: a rapist is someone more motivated to commit acts of sexual aggression than the average person and/or less deterred by the possibility of hurting someone or getting caught. This could be because they don't properly understand or predict the consequences of their actions due to a mental deficiency, or because at the time they commit the rape, the reward in the moment is outweighing any deterrent (which could be caused by any number of factors e.g. drug use).   I picked rape as an example because I wanted a vivid example of an activity that is not acceptable in society, but occurs anyway. I'm saying that being homeless is equivalent (clearly). But people make decisions that we don't understand and so long as they aren't harming anyone, we don't have the power to change those decisions. What we can change however, is  how  rewarding or punishing something is. Example: if a homeless population is alcoholic, let them drink on the job. (okay maybe a bad example. a better idea would be to treat them for alcoholism first, but since many see treatment as a punishment, that's not going to happen either...)   Hm that went on for much longer than I intended.
1	Try to get good at competitive level with more than 5 champs per player, it's crazy. With 5 bans you can ban the entire champion pool of a player.
0	It doesn't help that all my go-to forms of entertainment require Internet. "Internet's not working, better check Reddit just in case. Nope, okay, PC games it is. I wonder if Steam has any good sale- dammit. Urgh, Xbox One? Nope, all the best stuff is online. Can't even rely on my phone, data usage is close to the limit for this month. Crap.".   Eventually I end up using an intricate system of mini-usb cables, multi-USB cables, USB speakers and back up phone batteries to play emulated N64 (sticking true to the nerd I am I also have USB N64 controllers I can plug in) or watch movies on my phone.
0	I understand your point but don't you see  that's what made his character so lovable to the audience..? It was the fact that he was so awkward and socially backwards while trying way too hard to be funny, all in a management position. Which is genius because the workers are unable to truly express how they feel about him for fear of termination, which wouldn't exist if he were just another sales rep. Throughout his Dunder Mifflin life, they see he has these tendencies to retain friends and relationships by any means necessary, resulting in having little to no friends and sticking with these destructive relationships, he himself was blind to. Co-workers sympathize with him over time and as a viewer, you even agreed you began to sympathize with him. So just when the office family seems to finally accept him while being so accustomed to his face, he falls in love with Holly who has the identical dorky sense of humor and moves away with her. Now while the show will never be the same without him, I can still say, with the combination of his amazing acting, the writing, and of course the performances from each cast member, this was one of the greatest shows ever on tv. Now while I hated the idea of an office without Michael, I admit, I love the fact that he finally fell in love with his other half choosing true love over his only other true love, which of course was, Dunder Mifflin. Ok Sorry just wanted to put my 2 cents in also :)
1	Alright, this won't be as elaborate as my comment on a previous video, but there's truthfully less to discuss.   In your final clip, your team completely threw the fight. The fear on graves instead of kat (the noct should have realized that in the middle of their team he couldn't possibly connect for the kill, and denying kat from starting her ult, or possibly cancelling the channel if she doesn't notice the tether, might have been enough for him to live... maybe). Thresh is really responsible, though it was lack of vision and an adc bait that got him there, so who can say; if he had moved towards the enemy team and ulted (to engage on your team's terms and to stop them from getting into position on the backline of you and nid), you may have won.   Anyways, your first and second clip have the same issue; you stutter step (orbwalk for the DotA inclined)  towards  your target (graves) instead of away. At level 1 you have a tiny range advantage on graves, and at at level 5 the advantage is even larger. The attack on Graves was not a mistake; you had 2v1 dps, and even when Taric arrived he would have only 1 stun and melee damage. Quite simply, you lost that fight because you attempted to stay ahead of where Graves would go to retreat. But why? To kill him at level 1 you would have to trade flashes at least, a deadly proposition at level 1 with a Taric support (W reset maybe, but Tristana mechanics ensure she'd take another hit from tower if she started casting rocket jump under it). No, flashing after him would have been impossibly greedy. But you could have popped his flash easily without moving ahead a single step; he had to back away, and if you had more range on Taric/Graves before the stun, you would have taken less damage while stunned and they could not possibly have chased into your+Thresh's superior ranged damage (not to mention stalling for Thresh hook CD, which would have been up literally 4 seconds after he ended up dying). In the second clip you try to damage Graves with Rocket Jump, but take Taric melee damage. Why not rocket jump 'up' from Graves; force Taric to chase you, give Thresh a chance to peel for you (though I know you know you could have just switched to Taric and avoided any death potential).   That ran long,
0	I dated a vegan chick for a while in high school. She was really bipolar and ended up in the hospital more than once from malnourishment in the few months that we were together. Also I once made a joke about Kurt Cobain and she looked at me like I had just shot Jesus.
1	Because you need our opinion, here's mine : I think intro / outro are way too long. 1sec time where each sponsor is shown is enough. i.e. 1s Gambit logo, 1s BenQ, 1s Pringles, then the action.  Finally, I think the disclaimer ( X v Y team after the sponsors ) is too large. A banner with less height is enough imo.
1	This will probably get buried, hey ho, not even sure this really fits in this thread or another thread about SotL but here goes.   People want LoL to be big, be an e-sport, etc and there is this current affairs program which has the potential to be something great within the community- a place where people can get news for the week, hear the opinions of pro players, all that good stuff. Travis wants this to happen and the viewers of SotL no doubt want this to happen as well but it's being held back by a number of things as I'm sure people can see.   The biggest problem, imo, comes from the innate troll-iness that happens in the game. (If you've ever stopped caring about the game and given away (near) free kills, you have trolled at some point). The guests on the show make their money by streaming solo queue, which is 5-6 hours daily of having trolls and bad players in their games and so naturally it rubs off on them, their behaviour and their language. Even though I didn't see the Christmas episode, I can read the "best bits" of Wickd talking about SV's mom, SV talking about hookers, etc, and while this kind of conversion is funny to a lot of people, it isn't going to attract meaningful sponsorship in a million years.   Meanwhile, Travis wants to make a living out of this largely unstructured and unprofessional showcase of top players which, forgive me if I'm wrong, is essentially just a Skype call in his bedroom, right? He would get a lot more from the show (sponsorship, respect, etc) if it looked like the show took a week to put together and not like 5 random people answering random questions on Skype for a couple of hours.
1	Although it's true if the sample size is small, if the person is 15-40 with a hero, chances are there is something they aren't doing right, whether not teamfighting properly, not laning optimally, or not familiar enough with the mechanics of that champion.   Like my Vayne. I have horrible stats as Vayne, because even if I regularly win the laning phase, I always tend to mess up teamfighting.   My Kassadin is 82% winrate, and I can actually say, I can manage to carry as Kassadin even if some of my other lanes/jungle fails.   I do have to say streaks don't matter. That shouldn't be judged at all, knowing how tilt-like this game is.
0	I didn't call him a coward and scumbag because he disagreed with her.   I called him a scumbag because that's the term he used for her - when  she  didn't give up the seat -  just like him.   I called him a coward because he bitched about her anonymously, behind her back on reddit, rather than to her face.
1	I can't say there is, everyone can just lie and say they have no experience with a moba when they make a new account so there is no way to regulate who's new and who's a smurf.   Thing is you just have to impart on to your GF how to play league, the basics, last hitting and what hurts (towers, jungle camps, baron, dragon), and then just having her play it out. I come from experience teaching my friends how to play.
1	carries aren't building enough penetration early enough.   Randuins is nullified if it's against a marksman with a Last Whisper and a Blade of the Ruined King whereas a marksman with Blood Thirster and Phantom Dancer is going to have a bad day.
0	i have pulled my weapon on someone twice, and both times it took a lot of convincing to get them to back down. Even after they are looking down the barrel of a loaded gun, never doubt how far someone is willing to test you.
1	Jarvan is the only jungler that can gank Gangplank and eating oranges will not fucking make it ok. Also says hello to Morgana's Black Shield.   Jarvan is like a poor man's Lee Sin that scales better to late game. A six item Jarvan is fucking scary, as he'll just go manmode on your carries.   His ultimate in its current form is bullshit though, especially with the trend that Riot gives almost every new champion a dash. Even fucking Kennen and Vayne can get through it, the ultimate should stun the selected target for ~a second for it to be a truly viable ganking tool. Oh you ultimated me, I guess I'll just counter it with a skill that's on as little as a 2 second cooldown (Vayne says hello).
1	There is demand for eSports, look at twitch's incredible growth. There is an increasing demand for video games, look at GTA V or Minecraft. eSports are hard to understand for older people that didn't grow up with them, or who just find it alienating. It's a disconnection between generations. And like there is demand for eSports and video games, there is demand for people catering to the older generation's close minded idiots. Sorry if it may sound harsh, but I find it hard to call someone who doesn't understand something and immediately hate it for being different than what they are used to. That thinking is what slows down progress. Now this straw men journalists merely cater to that niche. Because it's easy to write articles that only seek appease a certain audience's ego. It's sadly how most journalism is done today, it just appeases a huge enough number of people that they can just ignore it.
1	Nocturne is not really much of a support jungler, rather a  Carry Jungler , so since the AD component of Aegis got removed, I don't really think its viable anymore.   Locket of the Iron Solari   Stats: +425 health  +35 armor +10% cooldown reduction +10 health regen per 5 seconds Active: Shield yourself and nearby allied champions for 5 seconds, absorbing up to 50 (+10 per level) damage. 60                second cooldown. (600 range)   As you can see, Nocturne does not really benefit from this item. Aegis used to be a good buy since it gave you 10 AD and an aura for your team plus good stats for a jungler. Solari's active is not bad, but you shouldn't necessarily engage head first as Nocturne.
0	Isn't every form of communication "getting to know somebody"? There is a basis for their compliments, just not a particularly in-depth one. Then again, a compliment isn't a very deep and meaningful revelation, and your original comment wasn't a dissertation, either - people just liked your sense of humor and attitude, and responded in kind!
1	Send top someone that can farm from afar. Malz, orianna, cassiopeia are just some of the "mid" heroes that can 1v2 top. Old morde could aswell, i'll have to get back to you on the new morde.   Bruisers.. some of them have really good sustain but as a melee there's no way in hell you'll be able to farm 1v2 (at least not as good as you would 1v1).   Ask for a lot of ganks and you should win the lane pretty easily. Especially since you're solo you'll be 6 when they're 4-ish + gank = free double kill with most champions (especially renek-nasus style ulties).
1	A lot of times they just don't see the value in it.  I know I auto-attacked even when I was lvl 30.  Once I gave it an honest shot, it felt great because I had more money.
0	The landlord would have no grounds to evict the roommate based on the fact that he's a douchebag to the OP and might be a douchebag in regards to the apartment.   That said, if OP left, the landlord absolutely could require the roommate to pay full rent  or be evicted.  Normally, when you sign a lease with roommates, you're jointly and severally liable for rent.  Simply put, that means that each tenant is fully responsible for the rent.  The division of rent between roommates isn't the llandlord's concern. If the total rent is $600 and each roommate agrees to pay $300, if roommate 1 pays his share and roommate 2 doesn't, the landlord can still go after roommate 1 for the other $300.  He can't double dip, so can only collect $600 total, but he can go after whoever is most likely to pay.   If the OP leaves and breaks the lease, then the landlord can go after him for the rent, but he can also require the OP's roommate to pay the full rent to continue living there.  If OP's roommate does end up paying full rent, he can turn around and sue OP for OP's share under agreement that OP and roommate had, but it's not the landlord's problem.   This may vary in some jurisdictions or if the lease says otherwise, but that's the general rule.
1	Well, first of all, CLG's opponents were really good and outplayed them. Some of the things i noticed were:     Froggen's anivia is really scary. When CLG has anivia, they are pretty damn strong. However, without anivia, Froggen is still really good, but isn't the same level of bad-assery he has when he uses anivia.     Wickd's top lane is pretty mediocre in that tournament. Most teams will just ban out his renekton, his current champ of choice. Since he doesn't like irelia anymore, the champs that he can use comfortably in a tournament level seems to be really limited. His Riven got destroyed by Anguish's WW, his WW got destroyed by an Udyr. Without top lane pressure, enemy jungler has a lot more freedom.     CLG's individual skills and laning ability is top notch (with occational blunders by wick3d, in point 2), their 5v5 team fight coordination is also superb especially with anivia, BUT their early game team movement needs more aggression (when necessary). They lack aggression like 3man dives to top, heavy contesting of buffs, etc. Their ability to fend of enemy aggression is strong in the past like what they did against m5, but recently, especially when their lanes are shaky, they seem to be lost and continues to lose objectives.     Snoopeh's Maokai is really great, but I think he needs to be more comfortable with other junglers too so that CLG as a team can run different comps / strats with varying levels of aggression.
1	I really dislike this. In fact, I hate this. I don't play ranked anymore and this change makes it seem like people will just troll in normals because nobody can see it and their reply will just be "Its just a normal" from the Rammus who builds 6 zeals.   Riot, stop forcing people to play Ranked. It's not for everyone and this just seems like another way of forcing people to just play ranked or you're matches don't count. I do not feel like stressing out over a video game and if this causes me too much stress than I won't enjoy this game anymore.
0	Gonna be honest, went on their site- i have no idea what the hell you guys are talking about. A lot of their polos and tees are pretty nice and there's way more no logo ones than logo tees. I mean all they really have is that tiny moose where every other company puts their logo. Yeah its pretty expensive but i have some from hand me downs and they lasted a shit ton of years and their comfortable. I mean the hoodies, tees, polos, and basically everything are just normal clothes. I don't know why you guys feel like everything from the store is a walking billboard since i barely saw any huge logos on the merchandise online. Stop hating a company just for the sake of hating something, who gives a shit if the owner hates uglies or fatties, i mean reddit makes jokes about people like that all the time.
1	Please stop giving into ignorant peoples' illogical feelings.   Nigger and Nigga are NOT the same thing.   No black person goes around saying "what's up my nigger," so just stop.  The same thing can be said back to ignorant white people.  When imitating a black person, saying "What's up my nigger," just makes you sound racist.   And if it's the same word but black people are incapable of pronouncing ER and thus must say A, then why can blacks use it but not whites?  If both uses are in friendly context, what's different about a white saying it?  Is there some inequality between races I don't see?
1	wats this wtfast story? i saw the thread at frontpage,
0	While there are certainly some 15-year-olds out there with quick wits, educated opinions and interesting worldviews, the vast majority are base animals flying on a potent combination of hormones, self-loathing and a desperate desire for validation.   I don't blame them. It's not really their fault. Hell, I was self-absorbed and hopelessly searching for a sense of self at 15. I was useless to the opposite sex (just ask my high-school girlfriends) and wildly unfocused. Then I went to college, did some drugs, got edumuhcated, fell in love a few times (for real... not "cute girl in English class gave me a handy" love), got my heart broken, got and lost a few jobs, made life-long friends. I still have a lot to learn and life always finds a way to humble me when I think I've got it all figured out, but somewhere along the way I learned how to be a pretty good husband, how to be a good son, how to beat Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo on one quarter and how to generally not be a dick.   So while I frequently want to pull out my hair when dealing with teenagers, I have to remember that I was once that frustrating and arrogantly foolish. It's the reason I don't comment much in r/atheism even though I am an atheist.   ~~ ~~ ~
1	I've never seen a community bitch more then /r/leagueoflegends. Not only do you complain about the game itself, but also features, champions, lore, LCS, the community, the developers, server stability, cosplayers & fan art, but we're now gonna go for shit like the mods who barely do much but remove unrelated topics.   Cosplays are oftently +100 on average aswell, so obviously the majority of the community enjoys them aswell, and even if you prefer masturbating to your hentai anime girls bullshit it's not a good reason to remove them.   The mods are getting payed in RP by Riot Games because of their management on this subreddit, which is why Riot has a lot of power here. Most likely Riot has specificly told the mods that they should not remove HyperX Videos since they're sponsoring LCS teams, which indirectly supports league of legends itself.   The reason they're not making exceptions to rules (e.g we usually remove these kinds of videos, but we'll let this one slide) is because it'll heavily backfire when the community gets upset that x was removed and y not, which is exactly what's happening right now.   For the people moaning about cosplay & fanart, saying we should have separate subreddits for it: You're retarded. We already have separate subreddits for so much that this subreddit is soon gonna die. We have suggestions, streams, vods etc & now you want fanart aswell? Why don't we limit ongamers material to /r/onGamers then? or funny League videos to /r/funnylolvideos and helpful videos to /r/summonerschool? Maybe move the entire LCS discussions to /r/LCS and we'll have this subreddit dying.   The main subreddit, /r/leagueoflegends is suppose to be a 'best of' these fake subreddits. The most enjoyable content out of videos, fan art, cosplay etc is to be posted here alongside news & interviews.   If you don't like what you see, downvote it. It's all you have to do. You're all saying "Everybody hates cosplay idk why it's allowed " and still the cosplay posts are at a stabile +100 -> +500 rate. So obviously people actually do enjoy them.
0	Where I went to college, we were made to take the elevator to all floors. Yes it was very inconvenient, and I hated to be that guy who had to ride the elevator to the second floor (actually it was the third floor of the building, but it was labeled 2. the real second floor was the maintenance/security floor). They called the police one time when I used the stairs, because they thought someone was breaking into the building, luckily I knew the dean and it didn't take long to get straightened out. Sometimes policy dictates what you do even if it doesn't make sense.
1	I have code that does that. When you're running that on 130,000 users (with about 2/3 active at any time) once a minute, it becomes a lot of bandwidth (weighty xml with tons of UI data vs slim json, multiple page pulls required to get full data, etc.). Plus they don't even list all of the currently live streamers in that view when there are more than a certain number live (which I discovered when beta testing that implementation with some users). I believe that code is still in the extension, but commented out because it performed poorly and would be too much of a draw (which I'm guessing the json was, since they shut down the "api" they had available).   It's true I'm getting a little "lazy" with this though, but mostly because I struggled through trying to support Own3d back in the day (which was a pain), and have tried for months to work directly with Azubu with very little effort on their end to even tell me  where  the best place to access data would be considering the traffic requirements of my extension. I also have a well-more than full-time job developing games (and it's certainly a busy time of year), a very full life otherwise right now, and have still put in a ton of time into this extension over the past two years regardless. I don't even use it that often anymore, nor do I make any money off it, but I want to keep providing it to everyone who loves using it, because I think it's awesome that so many people like something I made.   So go ahead and use your own code if you want. Or hell, take mine and modify it for your personal use. Or even make your own from scratch and put it on the app store.   </rant>
1	This^. I go into picking phase hoping for the best, someone ORDERS me to ban Darius, even though I politely say I can deal with him in lane, opposite team picks Darius and this someone says "gg, I troll now". I only play with my friends now and if I go ranked i duoqueue with a friend i can rely on, hence a smaller chance of "rage", I usually end up support, not that I care when it's ranked, I just want to win.
0	My roommate did this freshman year. We both had the same class, but different blocks. I had 8:30 and he had 9:30. When my alarm went off, he sat up and turned his alarm off. I went and took the exam, taking the full 50 minutes. I get back to the room and he was still sleeping. I woke him up and told him he better get to class. He came back 10 minutes later and said the professor wouldn't let him take the exam. He dropped out after the semester was over.
1	I seriously cant believe this thread is being upvoted so much.   As an EUW player, I know this are looking shit, but the amount of stupidity in this post is just ridiculous so let me start with this.   >We finally want some answers! What is the situation? Is there any progress? Are people genuinely trying to fix the problem? How long do you estimate it will take to fix it? Are sales/TPA skins being extended, since they are inaccessible to many players? Will Riot eventually just take the blame and honestly apologize to the players?   The situation is THEY ARE WORKING ON IT. There is nothing else to tell you apart from that, cause that is what every single company does. They have a problem, they fix it, they release an official statement of what happened. Since that hasnt happened, they arent going to be Day 1: We are sorry. Day 2: We are extremely sorry, they dont have the time nor the utility to babysit whiny children who are impatient. This is not the first time a server has been in trouble, and I highly doubt its going to be the last. There are issues, and they can be resolved. Or is the fact that thousands of people playing without an issue (especially streamers, I havent seen a single streamer complain about the issue once they've applied the generic fixes).   As far as progress goes, Its not something you achieve for in a very 0 to 100% achievement. You dont mash buttons till it fixes. The problem is Riot doesnt know the problem, if you took the time to read this is what they say:   >The main issue is that it strikes seemingly from nowhere in a 5-30 second flash, causes a chain reaction of problems and then resolves itself. However it leaves behind a login queue and other lingering issues which then also take time to resolve themselves giving the impression that this is of a much larger scale. We have a lot of monitoring systems in place to catch this transient state, and just so you guys know we have not stopped searching between the problems.   If you have a little bit of knowledge, you would realise how hard this becomes to fix. Really people, just think with your head for a minute. You all call Riot a money hungry company, yet at the same time dont apply the logic all the way around, dont you think they would want you guys to play more seeing as how tons of people not connecting would be hitting their pockets a ton.   Are they going to apologize and extend Sales etc? YES! Most likely they will, but they wont do it until they fix the problem. You dont put a bandage over a bleeding wound and expect everything to be okay, you stitch it up, then put a smiley face bandage so that it looks better and everyone is content.   Furthermore, complaining about a second technician asking for your logs again is not a big deal, they dont have the time to ask through your last connection for your logs, they'll just ask you to send them again, they work on their own table with their own tools, asking for a backlog from others is just going to slow them down more. They have more than just one person to cater to.   So to sum it all up
0	I don't understand. Most computer programming languages that existed 20 years ago are completely invalid now. Considering Moore's law, the languages in use in the next 20 years will be completely different then the ones we use now.
1	Right now the Asian teams are all about pressure, and almost all NA and EU teams aren't able to cope with the immense pressure right from the start. Asians (particularly the Koreans) are just good at countering late-game comps and are able to build up an advantage and finish the game fast enough so that late-game heroes never get to that point. I'm not saying turtling doesn't work, it's just they're able to punish you for that. The only thing I see realistically working is to be the aggressor, you can't just sit there and wait to free-farm, they just won't let you have it.   I'd like to stay away from the whole "EU and NA need to practice more" because that's just getting really old, and I don't think it's the reason why western teams lose to Asia. It's all about looking at the replays and searching for the gaps in the strategy, I mean straight up tower-pushing shouldn't be the be all end all strategy. Also, I notice Korean teams really come up with many of the innovations this Season (the whole Curse of the Sad Bullet Time and Warmog's on everybody), so I think the West has to take a really good look at the game as a whole to actually be the ones to come up with new innovations. That way, they have time to test it, refine it, and use it on the international stage.
0	Driving the kids on holiday this summer I had to listen to frozen over and over. At first I tried to filter it out. Then I tuned into the words. Some of the songs are pretty clever on word-play and kinda fun.   I listened to it so much I formulated a political opinion of it. I figure most Disney cartoons are now about the 1% and what a trial it is for them in their big castles and that we should feel sorry for them because money doesn't buy happiness. We don't hear much about the army of minions making the feast.   Probably I've just listened to it too many times.
0	Okay, okay. As a man of music. I can sorta explain this. How I see it is: 'covering' a song, is not just playing it out of a band. Beethoven and many other extremly famous artists from the classical era are all dead. So they are no longer around to play their own music. Therefore it's not really a cover. However my idea of a cover is when you do something the change an original song into something in your own vision. [This would be a very good example of what I mean.](
1	Allow me to make a counterpoint. For background, I'm not even ranked; this is completely from a mathematical standpoint. I also play chess at a ~1900 level, and chess uses a similar rating system to LoL as you probably know.   I believe that people's skills are more variable at lower levels. Someone ranked ~2100 might have a good day and play at a 2200 skill, or have a bad day and play at a ~2000 skill. However, someone rated ~800 might have a good day and have a skill of around 1200, and decide to drunkLoL one day and end up feeding. In other words, variation increases as the rating decreases.   I'd define ELO hell, then, as the area where the variation is so great that the law of large numbers requires an extremely high number of games in order to increase your rating. You might have a skill level 200 points higher than your actual rating, but it would take a lot of games to increase your rating. This is because the variation in peoples' skills is too great. In higher-level games, everyone will play at a level close to their true ELO. In lower-level games, you will have a few people who are having a great day, and play at 400 points over their level, and you will have a few people who play at 400 points below their level because they're extremely tired. Therefore, the fact that you're 200 points over the median skill level in the game won't really matter.   If you don't believe me, create a smurf and go play custom games. These people are REALLY bad; you should be able to beat them easily. However, the fact is that you will only win around 55-60% if your games because of the absurd variation in skill; if you won only 55-60% of your games in ranked, and you don't play hundreds of games, your rating would take FOREVER to increase.   On the other hand, if your skill level is 200 points higher than your ELO in a high-level game, then your ELO will quickly increase to that level because 200 points is a lot higher than the variation in skill for everybody else.   NB: I don't consider myself to be good and I don't consider myself to be in ELO hell for normals (is there even such a thing? Plus I never play when I'm not playing with 4 other friends) because I have done premades with good (~1800 ranked) people, and gotten demolished with my best champion. Therefore, I know that I am bad at this game and I hope to improve. However, I just want to point out that ELO hell makes sense from a mathematical standpoint.
1	Well, I for one had only good experience with it... ever since the video, i somehow felt like it would be fun to try out and it sure is :P i like ori alot, very good AP, but her AP didnt amaze me as much as for me to buy her, and then the video came, and i was like "why the F not".. went 5/0/11 first game (ye sry, only normal draft).. had 2 more afterwards just to not blame everything on bad play from enemies, and then i tried it out in ranked and ppl just were not managing my early game for some reason... anyone here may theorycraft about it as much as they want, but from my experience so far (around 20-30 games) i only say that it made tons of fun and it certainly wasn't so bad at all, even against those spooky graves/corki lanes... her AA animation just feels good and the shield makes me usually win trades alot.   All in all she is great fun (and i think that's what playing should be about) and played well can get you higher in elo (ye, im just 1600+, but just sayin... IMHO) but is definitely not suited for tournament play or whatsoever.. but then again, i don't think this is what OP is aiming for, and to your Edit: yes, i do not see her as trollpick aswell, if u do your best, it's k
1	Couple things to be kept in mind:   Base stats don't just refer to health pools or base damages.  Duration/potency of CC, range, and cooldowns are base stats as well.   Teamfight utility in lategame situations with full builds actually doesn't matter very much at all.  Teamfight utility in general, throughout the game, really isn't everything either.  How much presence you have early-midgame actually matters a fuckton more, imho, since the earlygame is a massive portion of what determines whether there even  is  a lategame or not.   The thing about a teamfight is, even though the big clusterfuck of ults during the middle of the teamfight is really cool and impressive-looking, that isn't really what decides a teamfight.  What tends to decide a teamfight is how you go into the fight in the first place - did you get your carry well farmed/starve the enemy carry before the fight?  did either team go in at a disadvantage due to being outpoked?  did one team have better positioning than the other team? - and (to a lesser degree), what your options are after the initial lightshow is over?   Slows or silences that void chances for a great initiation on one of your squishies, or a speed buff that stops a teammate from getting caught, or sustain that means your carry goes into the fight at a level of health where they can't be bursted too quickly to react - that's what wins or loses a teamfight.   A big AoE ult that hits a lot of champions might look great, but that's just pressing the big red button after the real work was done already.  The hard part was getting the farm advantage and/or positioning advantage that let your team bait the enemy team into grouping up, while you were close enough to flash ult.  The real clutch play was the silence/single target stun that stopped the enemy front line from initiating when  they  had the better positioning five minutes ago.
0	Don't let what your fellow Christians are doing pollute your faith!   People who claim to be Christians have been doing horribly embarrassing things since 0 BC.  Just remember that these people are being un-Christ-like.  They are Christians without the Christ.  They are Ians.   Ians are self-righteous, ignorant people who are too lazy to read their own Bible and spend all the time they should be spending on some introspection judging other people in a horribly un-Christ-like manner.  For some reason, the like to drive Hummers with Jesus fish on the back.  Would Jesus drive a Hummer?  I won't presume to say.  Perhaps Jesus, were he to need some earthly form of transportation, might choose to either drive or ride shotgun in an immaculate, shiny black Hummer with ludicrously perfect chrome bumpers.  I'm no theologian and that is really not the issue.   The issue here is whether you should be embarrassed to follow the teachings of Jesus Christ simply because of people who don't but still call themselves Christians.  If I were Jesus, which I am not, I would be embarrassed by these people and the fact that they were using my name to condone their bigotry.  However, as to your embarrassment, I would be like, "What the fudge, bro?  I died for your sins."
0	Initially this, of course, makes sense. You've got so many experiences in your life ahead of you. Having a baby at 16 is crazy. Crazy!   Oh, but wait!   If you have a kid at 16, by the time  they're  16, you'll be 32. Maths, innit?   By the time they're 18 and off to university or whatever to start their own adult adventures you'll be 34. 34! The age I was 4 years ago, and I'm still waiting to grow up. At 34 you can physically and mentally do everything you could at 24 and you're probably earning more money with it.   Interesting...   But what if they follow your example and  also  have a kid at 16? Hmm. Well then you've got the responsibility of helping your teenage child raise their child (aka your grandchild - keep up at the back). No reclaiming your youth for you.   To conclude (aka
1	Look, I get that the hate might be a little much, but LMQ is a flunky Chinese Team, who are blatantly taking advantage of the system. Couldn't make it in China? Go to NA. Their very presence is insult to our region. Yes we know Asian regions is better, but to come over here and take a spot from a mostly NA team is disgraceful.   Its like those Asian transfer students (from oversees mostly from Korea and China) at my high school who manipulated the system. They changed their grades to all A's and cheated all year long by recording answers in their translators. Normally no one would care but by abusing the system knocked out my friend as salutatorian. Its an awful abuse of power and the worst part is that its not just one or two people, its pretty much all of them(at my school). At first I thought it was an isolated occurrence only at my school, but I'm starting to see it in the culture.   Notice: I'm not saying that all of them are as manipulative, but it seems to be something very noticeable in the culture. I'm really not here to spread hatred or racism, as I'm Black and Asian myself-(BLASIAN). I think its sad that they are representing a group of people who really don't have any connection with, and barely understand our culture. When people say the best of NA, I want them to think of actually NA, even if we lose the entire tournament. I think its the mentality difference in cheering for a basketball team and a olympic team. Your free to choose a b-ball team and bandwagon jump, but come olympics, its us vs the world.   LMQ is not a NA team. THEY JUST PLAY HERE. One or two players is completely different than say A WHOLE TEAM. No one should feel ok with how they qualified for worlds, because maybe 5 years down the line NA and EU will just be the Asian B&C leagues. Its not fair that they took an "easy route" to worlds compared to their region. I mean whats stopping any flunky B-team from coming and stomping our region? Maybe its the joke called NA soloque? It most certainly is not the exposure or the money. Maybe they have the pride to actually play for their region.   Regardless, I cant fault LMQ for coming over here, but i don't have to like them or support them, much less call them an NA team just because they play here. Its really not something to get passionate about, just another one of those things where someone took advanage of the system.
0	Soda is mostly made out of water. Water has the phenomenon of expanding when it transitions from liquid state to solid state. Although the volume of the expansion is tiny, it is enough to build up the pressure inside the soda container to the point where it explodes.
1	People in NA are still working on actually being able to work with the blue build. Koreans have made it deadly in the Asian scene, but among the NA scene, it's gaining some popularity with Imaqtpie doing it during the LCS. My point is that it is fairly strong in terms of poke and having some regen sustain.
0	My CEL is because I put an FSZE in my Mazda Protege and I can't get the FSZE ECU just yet, my codes are weird and even though it is technically in safe mode, I'm still getting 30mpg+ and the torque curve is awesome.
0	Because Picard is quoting Shakespeare. Riker is laughing because they stopped teaching literature in the year 2030 so that schools could better fund classes that focused on automobile basics; which in turn led to more students focusing on engine and engineering based degrees. This explosion of engineers led to a multitude of new inventions in the realm of transportation, eventually leading up to the creation of the worlds first F
0	I was watching a movie - it was foreign with subtitles, so I didn't know it at first that it was a horror movie. But I was well into the suspense and I was getting really weirded out when suddenly the front door flies open.   [the door is difficult to latch in cold weather and one of the cats had launched himself against the door.]
1	Listen, the lag in NA sucks, but there is currently NO workable solution to this issue.   If CloudFlare can't handle it, then switching ISPs isn't going to do anything.   Until there's a practical way to block incoming NTP traffic or people learn how to configure their NTP servers/DNS resolvers properly this will be an issue that is difficult to circumvent even for the most capable of DDoS mitigation companies.
0	Okay, the one Lowbacca linked is doing it right.  This lady is dancing through a field of flowers, clearly not giving a fuck about anything. She's free and happy and whatever. Also, there's a visual aspect to it -- there is nothing around her that could be a cause of concern anyway.  So, "Look at all the fucks I give" was the phrase slapped onto it.   That evolved into "Look at all the X" where X is a thing that is not present.  If you were totally broke, you could say "Look at all the money I have"   Somehow, people took X to mean a thing that  is  present.  With that previous example, they'd use it to mean that they just inherited a million dollars from their dead uncle or some shit.   As such, the most common response to seeing that macro is to post another one, "Look at all the people using this meme correctly." It's funny, because the people who think it means  the original definition use it to criticize. But those who think it means the corrupted definition think it's some positive statement of comradery.
0	And people who have it in their genes or a naturally slow metabolism? Or how about those people who try their hardest to lose weight and just can't seem to lose those extra ten or twenty pounds. I think it's things like this that encourage eating disorders. I know I wasn't majorly overweight, but when I was younger I was chubby and a very low self confidence. I literally try to eat nothing, but due to not wanting to scare my parents I stopped. Even after several months of not eating properly and exercising past my limit, I didn't lose as much weight as I wanted to. This opinion is a stupid one. Are you going to say that it is someone's fault for having the flu because they could have avoided the germs by washing their hands? I don't agree with this, I'm sorry.
0	I did this in AP english, and all through college. I'm an English major, but that doesn't mean I can find all the sources easily. Also the Wikipedia sources are a good place to start. I can write a 5 page paper in less than an hour and always get an A using this to source.   Also never EVER forget the 5 part paper. Works every time even of you make each section a page or two.   Source: college student for over a decade. Maybe someday I'll grow up and get my degree so I can start paying on my frightening student loans.
0	I do too and a lot of fucked up stuff that I've  is because I hit the arrow by mistake. Then I try to overcompensate by downvoting. But then I feel bad about that so I re-upvote. And I end up accidentally liking some awful stuff I never meant to like.
1	Yea. Just paid over £380 for me and my 3 friends tickets to go so that's£120 each, plus the Eurostar tickets from the UK and accommodation costs, what I'm saying is it's going to cost us a lot, I at least expect for there to be English commentary on the main stage as that's what hypes me up, I'm hardly going to enjoy it as much without Deman's enthusiasm, Joe Miller's humour, Phreak's puns, Quickshot's charisma, Jatt's analysis and (my favourite) Kobe's great insight into the game.   Missing out on these casters would deal a huge blow to me in all fairness, I really hope Riot sorts this  out as it's not only the English speaking people who want it too, lots of French seem to be preferring to have English commentary too! Riot pls. =(
1	sion post rework was a beast, i hopped on that the instant i saw the change because his stats were crazy and they've steadily nerfed him since(edit: his mana costs were so dam low kick minions for days shield for days ashe's mana costs somewhat similar now that Q drain is gone)   but to break it down lets say for starters out of 15 adcs, early she outclasses all but 4(3 of which have situational or scaling range; kog, trist, jinx) so up until level 9 she's got second best range and for anyone who plays bot lane they should know range &damage is a bully's friend.   before even getting into randomization probability and whether or not NOT critting is a good or bad thing think about this; her passive is basically a free +10% AA damage multiplier over every other adc's damage output from the start(bully)   her Q is wack, early first rank it's +20% AS and with full focus stacks it gives an additional 15% damage per hit(scaling to +40%AS and +35% dph max rank) my understanding of how AS stacks is fuzzy so i'll just take this as an early/simplistic lategame explanation; at level 1 her multipliers are so 1.1(passive) x1.15(focus bonus) x1.2(Q AS)=1.518 other champions who would start with their attack speed steroid first get at most 30% so you can call that a 1.3 multiplier on their damage so out the gates if ashe vs another adc both had 100 damage, ashe would effectively do 152~ and the challenger would do 130. Factor in ashe's range advantage and slow, it probably means you're taking more autos coming into the fight and leaving it.   Her volley is pretty standard stuff dealing comparable damage(100~110 rank 1) to other adcs primary harass ability with a slight edge for being least dodge able when aimed at face, also semi high range and high AOE   oh and i forgot frenzy +5% as per crit stacking to 3; so her optimal dps case is like 171 vs 130
1	Elise is just a broken champ right now. She doesn't need any damage items to remain relevant as a burst assassin, just levels.
1	I find it humorous that you say the first group is saying "Riot is out to get us" rather than "Riot is being greedy". Riot IS being greedy. They are charging a price that is far higher than they want to pay. As consumers, it is our right to complain about price. And for a skin that makes up about 1/1000th of the total game content of league of legends... yeah I think $25 is REALLY EXCESSIVE. Especially when there are a large number of people making custom skins for FREE (because it is easy - there are fairly low poly models and most graphic artists can crank this stuff out fast as hell).
0	Despite all the crap you are getting, I tend to agree with you. Children are copycats, they follow parent's examples. That doesn't mean that they won't occasionally have a break-down when they are tired or frustrated or simply in a troublemaker mood. Kids are kids. However, as they grow they will look back on the things their parents have said and done and that will influence how they deal with other people. If a child has a tantrum in the store and the parent (as calmly as possible) carries out the punishment instead of flying off the handle and having a tantrum themselves, then the kid is able to look back on that moment later and see that they were the one acting irrationally and unacceptably instead of the parent. My mom had that tendency to fly off the handle when she got overwhelmed or frustrated. It became a thing in my family, that if someone isn't screaming and crying about it, it isn't important. As a young adult I had to work really hard to break that habit when trying to interact with other people. Now that I'm 26 and I've distanced myself from that behavior, my family and I are finally able to have a meaningful discussion without all the screaming. So my only advice to you is, while I completely understand how difficult it is to deal with someone who demands a certain behavior from you but won't give it in return, remember that it goes both ways. If you want them to treat you with respect, you also have to treat them respectfully. It isn't easy, and I can't promise it will change their attitudes, but you will be a stronger and better person for trying. If you find yourself unable to remain calm, do your best to walk away or change the subject as graciously as possible. Try telling them that you need a moment to calm down before you continue. They may not respect that at the time either but they too will look back on those conversations and with any luck they will see that they were the ones acting irrationally.   I know this is long, sorry.
0	My ex wife does this to me now. And I pay $600 a month in child support.  I got pearl harbored by her lawyer and had to agree to her terms for divorce, one of which was that I didn't get to have the kids.  I could see them but only with advanced notification.  Of course, every time I asked, well in advance, they are always "busy" that day.  I ran the paperwork by my own lawyer, who mind you refused to draft a similar divorce paper (except I was going to ask for standard visitation). He said it would become a contested divorce and would cost me $6000 in addition to the $1800 I had already paid him.   I haven't seen my children in a long time and haven't been able to afford to take her back to court.  I am a bit afraid that it may be too late to be a part of their lives. If there is a chance, I will try to find it.
1	I'm from Ukraine and i'm ok. What war are you talking about? Russia just help us in this times....
1	well im not keen on the asians winning , its a stereotype in pro gaming for example korean gamers are apprantly so much better , thats why in a global tournament i would like teams that i have been watching and watching rise win .   the teams you are watching are most likely going to be EU or US teams . you will watch them and eventually become a fan of them . whereas the asian teams which will have less coverage you will have no attachment to their teams other than knowing " this and that team are good "   "
1	I never really j understood why one champ can be "OP" on week and then a month later after one small change to their scaling or whatever. They are suddenly not viable and shit. Seriously? Who makes the descion on if they are still viable or not? Have you even tried the champion post nerf or are you just going with the crowd? I personally have never really listened to the "champion viable/not viable" meta. That may be why I was never good in ranked. But I have to say when caitlyn was nerfed last year and was considered not very good. I still played her and never missed a beat. I didn't even notice she got nerfed until my friend tried to tell me she was shit at the time.
1	Not only have I still noticed the AA bug, but as a high level ADC, I've also noticed that they've changed the way that AAing works ( extremely  subtly).   Attacks now take slightly longer to come out, across the board -- which is incredibly annoying when I've got many ADC's animations nailed down to a T.  I am talking milliseconds here - but it's still within the realm of noticeable.  This has a huge impact on how you kite early game.  Anyone else notice that their champ derps around for longer before shooting post-patch?
0	Logged in just to comment:   OP, PLEASE DO NOT JUDGE HER SEXUAL ORIENTATION FROM SOME SHIT SHE WROTE IN A FB MESSAGE TO WHOEVER. Talk to your girlfriend. Admit that you saw what you saw. Tell her you're there for her, and that bisexuality is A PERFECTLY ACCEPTABLE ORIENTATION FOR HER IN TERMS OF YOUR RELATIONSHIP but that if she's questioning whether she likes men at all, you'd like to be involved in the conversation.   Also, if you found out she's been seeing a girl, then you're dealing with cheating, and you may act accordingly. Just don't leap to conclusions about her sexuality without USING YOUR WORDS. Human sexuality is a spectrum, not a binary, and maybe she's figuring out she might be attracted to girls but is also totally head over heels in love with you. People can feel both things at once.
1	Lol, here it comes, they guy who bought elo now he wants to defend that pathetic action.   Anyway, in the terms of use it clearly states you CAN'T play on an account you don't own. So there you go, it's against the terms of use.   And if we get a bit strict, in the summoner's code it says to have fun but not at others expenses. the 2k elo dudes are ruining the game for the low elo, that breaks that part. the pathetic guy who bought the elo boost then goes and ruins the game for his teammates when he feeds every game since he can't handle w.e elo he bought, so there you go he is having fun at the expense of his teammates.   So
1	Based off the linked video, the only problem I see is the visual story telling is getting in its own way. I enjoy seeing the players talk, but when they start talking about something that happened in game, there was only twice in the video when you cut to the actual event, and in each case, it didn't feel like the whole moment was shown. This made me feel a bit frustrated- I realize the editing was done around the interview, however it felt like more of sequence they were talking about could have been included. For instance, you cut to the shot at Baron, but didn't stay through to the end of the fight, or even end at a natural ending point in the middle of the fight- it felt jarring, and I wanted to see HOW the fight played out, not just cut back to Hotshot telling me that they won it. They video cut out right after the initiation- not even enough time to see any advantages from either team. I don't know if the video was available, but when Hotshot talked about buying extra pots, even a split screen shot or an extra frame of that moment in game helps show the story, and break up the visual monatany. I think you were trying to do that by having the info on builds and game stats- which is awesome, but doesn't help tell the story.
1	Generally, you go for whoever you can reach safely. As an ADC your focus should be overall DPS, not tunneling onto a carry (unless you know doing so is safe). If a tank or assassin is trying to kill you, you have to kite them to death before that happens. Stay behind your tanks so they can peel for you.
0	My dad is a professor at a college and had this one girl who was absolute hell. She got a C in the class and with a lot of extra credit and kindness, was willing to give her a B. This, however, was not good enough. She "deserved an A and would stop at nothing to get it. My dad was under a lot of stress because he was trying his full professorship and thought he could get her off his back with the B. After a few attempts at an A failed, she seemed to back down. That was until my dad got an email from the girls mother inquiring about her daughters grade. My father then naively emailed her the grade (just the letter, not the actually number). The next day my dad's gets called into his boss's office because the mother and daughter said they were going to sue my dad for giving out the girl's grade without the girl's permission and weren't going to drop the charges unless she was given an A. My dad was absolutely appalled. Over the next couple of days he and the mother/daughter bitch combo had multiple meetings and it was deemed that by being related to the girl and a few other stipulations made it perfectly fine for my dad to have answered her grade question. As a result of all the stress from this event and a few other things, my father lost every hair on his body from alopecia. Fuck that bitch and her mother.
0	You're right theres obviously a tonne of different roads all over the uk aka theres a road near me where you can turn left on a red light but its not because its left or one way its because of the way the road is made and the traffic flow.
0	You DO realize this is a crock of shit.  I made an account just to reply.  This is one of those oft repeated stereotypes that seem to have just found mainstream acceptance even among Asians themselves, but have absolutely NO credible basis (Japanese porn maybe?  This goes into a completely different cultural sexuality issue which I'm no expert on, but porn is SUCH AN ACCURATE indicator of average penis sizes, amirite?)   is also one that's linked very often - if you check the source they list the same website below.   This "study" linked above is actually just based on this website:   This website was put up by some random on the internet citing somewhat "legit" looking sources (formatted to look like it followed some standard).   Of course, anyone who bothered to check the sources would realize this site is a half assed attempt at perpetuating racial stereotypes while advancing the agenda of whoever it was that put up the webpage (as made apparent by the slight to the US).   For example, the "South Korea" having a 3.8 inch average penis length was based on this study:   3.8 inches is the average FLACCID length.   It's pathetic how people like to try to grasp at whatever stereotypes they can to feel superior over other people.  It's sad really.  There is NO credible study comparing erect penises of people of different races / nationalities.  These sites and internet articles circularly cite each other including the article linked by the previous poster.  It's a shame that someone attempted to pass this off as journalism.   What's more pathetic is the guy who linked the picture imgur link to a chart that tried even less to fake the sources (I can only speak for the Korean source but it literally says "Dae Han Min Gook" which is the official name for South Korea, and in Chinese characters the same thing following the Korean characters.
1	QSS is the easy one to remember. It literally just drops all debuffs on you. Basically, it gets rid of practically everything.   Cleanse is way more complicated. It removes most CC effects, but not  suppression, knock-ups, knock-backs, grabs and flings. It is worth noting that it removes the  whole  debuff with it, along with any extra stuff that it normally wouldn't remove. So, for example, Lee Sin's Cripple will both slow you AND reduce your attack speed. Cleanse doesn't remove attack speed debuffs, but since Cripple also applies a slow, then both the slow and attack speed get removed from you.   More information here:
0	If this is in response to the NCAA football players at Northwestern unionizing, you are not wrong. College athletes should not get paid to play and that is not what they are trying to do at Northwestern in starting their own union.   While being a college athlete is a more rigorous and demanding job than most 9 to 5's it is necessary for the athletes to maintain amateur status. If the athletes began receiving compensation they would become professionals and void their amateur status and eligibility to play for their school.   The biggest issue that is being raised with the NCAA by the Northwestern football players is the protection of the players when they are no longer able to play. If you are a player on the Northwestern football team you contribute to the millions of dollars brought in to the school by the football program. All of your dedication and sacrifice is rewarded with a free education and preferential benefits on campus (housing,  meal plans, scheduling,  etc.) yet if you suffer a career ending injury while practicing or playing for the school you risk losing your scholarship and/or being responsible for your own treatment and medical expenses if that injury turns chronic.  Once you can no longer contribute to the program, the school and NCAA washes its hands of all responsibility for anything negative resulting from your participation in a sport at their university.   I completely agree that college athletes should not be paid to play. Yet the exploitation of college athletes and the lack of accountability by their respective schools is unfair and unacceptable. IMO
1	and THIS is why I hate fckin DL and I think he's a trash adc and human ... you need to spend more time in bronze buddy ... if you bring down ur teammates like that how can u expect them to do well? ... you do well in laning phase, ok that shit is early game so you only know how to play early game as adc... midgame u go melee form (especially with lucian and trist) ... and lategame if the WHOLE team doesn't peel for u you have 0 positioning ... you could even learn from Genja on the positioning ...
1	Kassadin does not counter leblanc.   I see a lot of mids take scaling ap blues which is a huge mistake vs a strong laner like leblanc because you will just get wrecked.   LB is fairly easy to deal with once you know her ranges and before she gets blue buff. Just farm outside of her range and if she tries to zone you, you can harass her back. The important thing to note about playing vs. leblanc is to not take free damage. If she throws out a q-w combo, hit her back. A lot of people just take the damage like a bitch. If you let yourself get too low you'll be forced to go back or die.   Again the most important thing is to farm. Leblanc will fall off lategame and if you don't allow her to snowball, she will become less and less of a factor.   Nobody really counters leblanc hard, but there are certain strategies that counter lb. She has a very hard time farming so if you can push the wave to her turret with someone who can clear creeps quickly (morgana, sion, orianna, morde, etc.), she will be unable to farm properly or gank sidelanes.   If you're really having trouble, get a null-magic and a bunch of health potions on your way back.
1	While many points in the walloftext.jpg are valid, and while I agree with you that an advertised Q&A should be more professional, the condescending nature of your post does not quite stir understanding. If a member of TSM were to see this post, rather than learning for next time and hoping to live up to expectations, they would focus on your consistent blunt negativity. ie. "Get the dog and the girls out of there, iirc it was tSM Q&A time. Not TSM hangs around the house time. That's what your vlogs are for." In that statement, you not only speak down to the team as if you were their mother, you also harshly put down the value of their vlogs, which they take the time out of their day to record so you can feel more involved in the now of their lives.   While certain members of TSM could be seen as uncaring or rude, Reginald (work on it, friend), you have to remember that even as our idols, they are still human. You can't expect to have positive results through brutal scolding. However, one thing I did think was a good segment of your post, was the "pointers" (see condescending above). You brought up ways they can make the next Q&A, if they do another with responses like yours, better for viewers. Going back to how TSM are but human beings, you also have to remember that they are, in essence, entertainers. While many people did not get their questions answered, they may have gotten something else: a smile, a chuckle, a funny link to Chaox drunk, singing Eye of the Tiger. In order to be entertained, you must be willing to be entertained.
1	Just see yourself. Do you ruin games for others by duoing? If no there isn't any reason to stop. But if you feed every other game because you cant keep up with your opponents it would probably be the best for everybody if you'd take a break from duoranked until you caught up.
1	I agree, to an extent. Switching out underperforming players for someone else is good--in that regard you are right. However, underperforming for a period of time doesn't mean that it will stay that way. Right now teams just cycle through talent. In other words, they find someone who they think is better, inject them into the team, then hope they will work out for the best. If not, they drop them and find a replacement. Think of TSM recent roster changes.   For example, professional sports (like soccer) have multiple players for each role. They obviously have their preferred lineup, but players go in and out of form, with the world class players maintaining their form more consistently. However, a manger might change things as they go by utilizing a player that is performing the best or will bring the biggest impact to the starting team lineup.   LCS teams only have about 2 or 3 subs, but rarely use them unless they have a player that is sick or in an emergency.   LCS teams need to utilize a larger reserve team--subs--so they can switch out players more consistently based on week to week performance. Teams shouldn't be dropping talent, trading them, or kicking them out of the organization. They need to keep a hold on talent, let players not in the starting positions fight for a starting role.   This of course cause difficulties, and League doesn't always operate to traditional sports, but the point still stands. They cannot just loose talent.   Gleeb should be still training with the team, in the house, etc...trying to fight for his role back. Putting pressure on Lustboy to keep his starting role.   But, of course, it comes down to money. Which, as we know, isn't in abundance for most LCS teams.
0	People who lament about not getting sex even though they are "open" and "honest" and proclaim that they are a "nice guy" sound like massive liars.  I  bet people like OP think that all guys are either douchebags (guys with girlfriends) or nice (guys like OP).  The world is more complicated than that.   A guy who says "YOLO" unironically may go visit his sick grandmother every day.  A guy who is awkward at parties and doesn't talk to many people may violently take his frustrations out on his family.   Sorry for rambling.
1	i think your chosen roles are not the most important for winning solo queue, up until the really high ELO's above the diamond threshold, the win is usually decided by morale in the laning phase.   this can be achieved by playing jungler, but is hard, because you are spread thin having to look after 3 lanes, and you could be super successful in all your ganks, and its a won game. but the number of games where you can pull this off are rare.   as a support, you have influence over only one lane, and you are relying on a complete stranger to follow up, reducing your effect even more.   mid and top are the most influentual roles in solo queue, top because you can utterly dominate your lane, and cause the enemy team to literally break down and spend more time typing than playing, then turn up to a dragon fight and dominate, game over.   mid is similar, but you can also easily roam to top or bot, and cause even more frustration towards their middle lane.
1	Failing to do his part isn't the same as feeding top/mid/bot lane 0/10.   Good point though, I think this might help me solve my flaming problem. Interesting perspective.   But still, the feeders and noobs deserve some flame. How else will they know they are bad.. If you don't flame the shit out of them, they will stay bad and ruin more and more games.
0	I work in produce at a grocery store, and part of the job is helping floral. I am a 20 year old guy in college, who knows absolutely nothing about flowers. I just blow up balloons. Yet, whenever someone has a question I always do my best to help them, usually Siri helps the most :D   But one day a woman came in and was very nice, and considerate to the fact that I didn't know alot. She needed an arrangement done right then, and with the Florist gone it was all up to me. I helped her make an arrangement (first one I ever did), and sent her on her way.   Fast forward two days, the lady comes back in and tells my manager to call me to the front. I'm used to getting complained on because some people don't like my kill them with kindness approach, and seeing the lady I assumed I did a shit job with the flowers. Turns out her 5 year old nephew had passed away and the flowers were for his funeral. Her sister had loved them, and the woman had come in to praise my good work, and good attitude towards her. Made my week.   Positive customer comments really makes all the difference
1	Dodging isn't detrimental. I would almost argue the opposite. Think of it this way: LP is only cosmetic. Your MMR will not change by dodging. So your MMR is now higher relative to your LP, meaning you will win more or lose less to make up this difference, which pretty much makes the only penalty a 6 min penalty.   Compare that to a loss in the game, you will lose 2-8x the amount of LP and lose MMR, so that LP loss is a true loss relative to your MMR, and you had to play with that torture for over 20 mins.   Seriously, dodging the queue is a much better deal, so much that there are people that abuse this all the time to get more favorable match-ups.   As for the OP, the only difference between pre-game trolling and actual trolling is the fact that there is no way for the pre-game chat to be reported and judged. However, studies have shown that these guys are mostly reported and punished for their in-game behavior. The reality is you cannot exempt people from pre-game trolls any more than you can exempt people from in-game trolls.
0	You know when you're watching a movie or TV show and you cringe because you know the character is about to do something stupid? That's why we're butthurt. I've been there... with my next-door neighbor's best friend. At the time I was thinking "hot chick, convenient sex, no feelings." Admittedly I was pretty drunk when it all started, but it was pretty good for the first week or two. She'd come over to hang with my neighbors and then slip over to my house later.   Then we started meeting up for dinner before going to the bars... which led to her and me going out for brunch the next morning. Then she'd just come over to watch Doctor Who and cuddle. Though we had originally agreed to maintain a "just fuck buddies" relationship, we had strayed far from the fucking contract.   Eventually she broke it off -- I got pissed one night because she was texting another dude while we were cuddling. And then it struck me: feelings.   Now every time she's over next door, it's weird -- and when she gets drunk, she keeps needing to have a talk with me to apologize "for my feelings." It's been months, and I've physically moved on, but it's a real mind fuck that she's always around.   Long story short: don't engage in sexual contracts with people substantially younger and emotionally immature (she was 21, I'm 28). If fuck buddies were actually a healthy behavior, we'd be fucking all of the friends who are mutually attracted to us.
1	IMO her voice was really pleasant and the lyrics were pretty good for a League of Legends Parody. I'm also a sucker for anything acoustic. That's why it got my upvote. I upvote most of the LoL parodies in fact, girl or guy.
1	maybe if he hates everything that Riot does he should go and play Dota?   Pls continue to hate on Riot because people hack their game. Do you hate on Valve cause Organner/x22 found another way to create an aimbot to bypass VAC?   So you hate on Riot for using Adobe Air and in the SAME post you cry about money? Are you even aware how Riot started? They had NOTHING; they cant just create their own client engine from 0 $, so they use the cheapest and easiest to do: Adobe Air.  "but thats was like 4 or 5 yearz agoz?!!!1!!111!" Yes and Riot stated multiple times that just creating a complete new launcher is not something that just can be done. That takes really really long.   "But whats abouts Replay system?!"   I dont get why people are so focussed on the Replay system. I rather have them put their money into esports, servers and the actual game and maybe new game mode content than fucking replay system.   "Riot does nothings for communitys. They ignores us"   Yes, yes they do. Thats why they have a gigantic never seen before esports branch with which they lose money and only make hypothetically profit (huge finals attract new people, new people = more players, more player = hopefully more RP, <-- = hopefully more than what they spend on esports).   Just go and shut up. Complain somewhere else or atleast do it an orderly fashion so one can atleast discuss things with you.
1	I just got confirmed that the coach is framed. This is what's actually happening:   AcFun is a video website that started their league team. They also started doing live streaming on a website called Douyu.tv(OMG's sponsor), which took away a lot of the viewers from prominent streaming websites like YY. However, L.ACE, the organizer of LPL, belongs to Tencent, which is also Riot's stockholder. YY signed a contract with Tencent, and they decided to screw AcFun over by framing the league team.
1	Well when a lot of people started using sites to look up peoples peronal ranks, I also did it quite a lot myself. I would get mad if I would be matched vs a team full of diamonds while we were only silvers. But after a while I learned that it doesn't matter.   Ranks don't matter at all. Just don't check sites such as Lolnexus or don't give a shit about somebody's rank. You yourself should be playing and winning that game, even if you are playing versus a pro team.   In my opinion a (soloque) rank does not say a single thing. Two friends of mine barely play soloque and thus they are mostly unranked or in silver with just placements done. But when we play ranked 5 they really know what they are doing and if they were to play soloque, they could probably reach at least middle diamond.   If the enemy scouts our team in ranked 5 and they are WOW. 2x low plat 1 gold and 2 silvers vs the full dia 1 they have? What should they think? Free elo? Stomp fest? It will probably make them think that they are facing noobs while in fact they are facing a tough enemy.   I don't think matchmaking is a problem atm. As I stated before, soloque ranking =/= ranked 5 ranking. Maybe that way the matchmaking will be more fair on the top, but on the bottem it will be reversed upside down. People with a low soloque mmr since they don't play soloque will be matched with people who are worse and they will probably stomp them, just like some people are being crushed by high elo teams who make a new ranked team.
1	Not particularly.  It's true her skill set is great and she is still a strong champion individually.  The problem is that there are many other top laners that fill her role  better  than she does.  She gets pretty stomped on by Udyr, Lee Sin, Riven, etc. and they fill very similar roles at every point in the game.  If you enjoy Irelia by all means, go for it. Like you said, she's still pretty strong - it's just not the best choice you can make in most situations.   This is coming from someone with 150 ranked games on Irelia (and at least a few hundred normals - I usually play w/ friends) @ a ~60% win rate in season 1.  Certainly not god-like but I know Irelia pretty well.  I switched to prioritizing Udyr when I needed to fill the bruiser/carry-killer role and my win rate on him is 72% this season while doing a job that is basically identical (smothering carries and absorbing damage).  Sure, Udyr does have a few general counter picks (slows like Nunu's iceball make it hard for him to jump on carries) but you have to try pretty damn hard to lose your lane.  He beats nearly every champ top lane.
1	support kayle works on lower elos. just Q E play agressive level 1 and zone them like hell. if they dont back off and try to farm under their turret they die to you/ad carry and you snowball. if they back off they lose farm and your carry snowballs. they dont know how to deal with that.   I did this numerous times and i had 2/3 games where I was so fed that my final build was shurelyas, black cleaver phantom dancer infinities edge berserkers greaves.
0	I remember going to a strip club one night and a friend bought me a lap dance. The girl was pretty cute but her tits were hard as rocks. I asked one of my other friends if his girlfriend's were rock hard like that, since she also had implants. He said "No" of course, but he was so confused by what I had told him, he paid for his own lap dance with the same girl. When he returned, he said something like "I don't know what happened to those things, but that isn't right."
1	It's free game. Because that's where the profit is. It's not out of generosity.   Profit is present in droves in skins.   People would still pay for new champions with money even if IP gain was increased. More than just the 6300IP champions sell for RP.   There's also profit present massively from tourney sponsors.   There's also the fact that riot is massively profiting, and has been for some time now. At this point, anti-consumer practices are nothing but greed.   When they're charging €20 for freaking skins they have no excuse for making champions so expensive, especially new ones being priced higher in IP but not in RP for the first week. And especially considering runes already act as an IP sink.
0	Parent first friend second   My mother always said that parents should never be their child's friends, and my father was like that with my half-sister and half-brother (my mother didn't really raise them, and he never raised me).   They're a little older than I am, and when they were my age, they had all sorts of problems, nothing serious, but I think my dad was too concerned with being "the good guy" or "the friend" to parent them properly.   That being said, I wish my mom had been a little warmer with me. She definitely made the right choice choosing "parenting" over "friendship" because I have my shit together for the most part, but, even though she definitely loves me, she distanced me a bit emotionally. We never  really  bonded over activities and talked as openly as a parent/child should be able to.   Recently, we've been a little better than this, since she has, let's say, "lightened up" on the parenting since I'm 21 and haven't lived with her for 3 years.   The
0	People frequently don't understand the difference between "privilege" and "confidentiality."  Privilege only exists between a lawyer and his client and between spouses. Confidentiality, on the other hand, exists between all sorts of groups.  Doctor-patient confidentiality only extends so far, as with all forms of confidentiality. The doctor is allowed to ignore a subpoena but not a court order. Lawyers frequently try to subpoena therapists in the hope that they will either slip up or choose to reveal confidential information. Of course, most therapists know that this is extremely bad for business.  Responding to a court order, however, is fairly unavoidable.
0	On the other hand, I keep mine in a hard-shell case, and then inside a leather bag while transporting it. I keep the cables nice and wrapped up. And if you're not a fucking moron, Macs are compatible with everything you need them to be compatible with, while doing it in a much more aesthetically pleasing way than a Windows machine.
0	So I googled "racism sociological definition" and came across [the Wikipedia page.](   It starts out with "some sociologists define racism as a system of categorical privilege". Alright, fair enough. Racism exists  systematically  when some races are categorically privileged. That does not imply anything about individual racism however, which is what the people in this thread are referring to, which is, according to Oxford Dictionary:   >"the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics, abilities, or qualities specific to that race, especially so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races"   You're confusing two separate forms of racism together: systematic and individual. Of course sociologists are going to define racism differently; they're studying the sociological impacts of racism. The whole individual racism this thread is referring to is going to be studied by psychologists, so why are you insisting on using the sociological definition? That's beside the point, though. Here's what sociologist David Wellman defines racism as:   >"culturally sanctioned beliefs, which, regardless of intentions involved, defend the advantages whites have because of the subordinated position of racial minorities"   Now, that's an oddly specific definition of racism for someone studying sociology. What that basically implies is that  there is no such thing as racism against white people . Not only is this downright ridiculous, it completely ignores any previous historical evidence to the contrary,  even those times when white people were subordinated throughout history . Do you really expect any rational person to not see through that steaming pile of bullshit?
0	In most cases those officers are probably beating them up for a better reason than the husband is to his wife, which is probably for NO reason to being with.
1	IMO rushing Yommuu on Nocturne and Xin makes them way too squishy mid and late game.   Your initiation skills attract a lot of attention. What usually happens to a squishy build is     you own faces early because of focus on AD/AS/ArmorPen    you are instantly targeted and torn apart every time you enter a fight     You want to build bruiser, or even straight up tank if your team has enough dps.   In Nocturne and Xin's cases, one of your roles in a fight is to initiate, stay around long enough for your CC to proc, then either secure the kill or GTFO. After Wriggle's (which provides excellent damage), go for Health : either Frozen Mallet if they got squishies, or Warmog's/Atma's (or something like that). Your first Giant's belt allows you to tank ganks, even tower dive to secure kills.   Then mid-late game you can start thinking about Yommuu's and DPS in general. If you did your job right, though, you'll be getting hit hard every fight, so get ready to tank up some more. I like Wit's End, and other hybrid bruiser items.
0	I think it's partly reactionary. Many people don't like being told their choices are wrong especially when they are perfectly acceptable choices. My wife and I are child free and likely will remain so for the foreseeable future, we are both 28 and just have no interest whatsoever in raising a child. Many people, especially older people, are really starting to put the pressure on us to pop one out. Many of our friends are just starting to have kids and we are getting pressure to have some so they "grow up together". We can't attend a gathering of family or friends lately (like in the last 3 years) without the topic coming up. This is despite saying over and over that we have absolutely no interest in having children and that likely won't ever change. People don't understand how condescending it is to say things like, "you'll come around", or some variation. No, we are thoughtful, educated, successful adults who can come to our own conclusion regarding how we want to live our one life.
1	I think you are mixing up two definitions of OP.  When a lot of people say OP, they don't mean that the champion is impossible to counter.   There are some balance issues with champions in the game, which is why you consistently see the same picks in professional matches.  Some champs just seem to work better for how the game is currently being played.   Generally, one very strong champion is more of a problem than one under powered champion because if there's an under powered champion, you can play almost any other champion but that one and be fine.  If there's an over powered champion, it severely limits what you can play against it.   Take Zyra, for example.  Some people expected to see a lot of Thresh in the S3 World Championship, but Zyra's ability to push hard onto lane and block him when he tries to hook made it so you couldn't play him at all.  In fact, support role was dominated almost entirely by Zyra and Sona pick (except for Tabe's Annie) because Sona can sustain Zyra's poke and answer back in lane, so she does fairly well.   Of course, most champions are counterable, but when most people say "OP," they mean extremely good at their meta-designated roles to the point where what you can play in said role is limited to either that champion or a counter to that champion.   You're correct, though.  There's a second definition of over-powered.  In the sense you're discussing, a champion is only over-powered if there's very limited or no counter-play.  For example, right now, I think the way Sivir's new W is set up is sort of OP because for only 40 mana she can hit every single minion in the wave and the champions three consecutive times from a safe distance.  Pretty much the only way to not get hit is to stand far enough from the minions that you might miss experience.  This is pretty irritating and might be countered by making the damage decay on subsequent hits (like it used to work) so she can either use it to get harass when there are only a few minions left or use it to farm when a large wave is pushing.  But this, in turn, could create problems with overall viability and negate the work that's been done to rework her twice.   Then there's Olaf.  In his current form, when he uses his ult active, he loses increased resistances but gains immunity to cc and offensive stats.  So to stop him from getting to your squishies, you have to kill him quickly.  Previously, he gained resistances during the active, so there was pretty much nothing you could do about it.   Vayne is OP in the sense that she fills the role of AD carry really well.  She can stay safe with her short cooldown gap close, her knock back, and stealth in ultimate, and she does a ridiculous amount of late game burst and sustained damage.  This makes it difficult to play someone who doesn't do that or doesn't counter her and shut her down in lane.   So I guess.
0	Strange coincidence, it's only when dealing with seeming religious fundamentalists that I find great hate and intolerance.. Must be a reaction from the counterpoint.   My good man, you are the only one displaying hatred and intolerance for an opinion! lol   >You're the one making the strawman bud. I didn't explicitly point out "Adult downs" as a birth defect.   You made an all-encompassing statement; I gave an example. If you killed off everyone that has something wrong with them, scientists would have no reason to attempt to cure such things, which would likely lead to them gaining strength over time and becoming possibly incurable when they would've been otherwise manageable.   This opinion is unpopular for a reason: it is insensitive in the greatest form of insensitivity. It's an insult to the people who have struggled to raise decent children when they're having to deal with these hardships, but still manage to create successful adults out of them. It's basically saying that you and your "unpopular friends" should be able to decide who should live and die.
1	Yeahhhh. I started ranked way too early, before I had any idea what I was doing. I was good at a few specific things, but my overall game and mechanics were absolutely terrible. Once I realized this, I thought "Hmm, well, ranked is a lot more competitive so I will learn to play better here than in normals". Which was true. I consistently outplay most silvers at this juncture (queue up with silver friends to do this).   I also thought "Once I am better, I'll move on up! Because I'm very much better." But here's the thing. I played way, way too many games before that point. After so many games without significant momentum, the matchmaker assumes you belong where you are, and practically inhibits your rise. I will consistently, now, be placed on teams with significantly lower mmr, division (sometimes league), and kda (losing from 2 minutes in, all lanes, in most cases) or placed on an extremely dominant team that has higher mmr, division/league, and kda that is winning from 2 minutes in. Unsurprisingly, it sticks with one or the other for 3 or 4 games straight, then switches to the other side.
0	I am more likely to tell someone I had a bad experience when the chef/service staff explains to me that I am ignorant/stupid for asking something a certain way, or simply refusing to cook something I ask for.   On the other hand, I will absolutely give praise if I ask for 50 modifications and all are met with a smile. Not only will I praise, but I will tip well, bring friends back to the establishment, and plan company outings there.
1	This is a guess:   You keep your MMR. You play ONE placement game that has a decent effect on your MMR. After that game, you are placed in a division.   This is a fact:   EUW has a much larger population than EUNE. Since the rating system is based on percentiles among other things, the same MMR (or Elo in Season 2) on EUNE and EUW does not translate to the same division/league. For example, looking at season 2 Elo ratings, you find that 1450 Elo was the start of Gold League in EUNE while it was 1500 Elo on EUW.
0	When I was 8 or 9 I heard a catchy jingle for Trojan condoms on the local top 40 radio. I had no idea what it was for (had a vague idea it had to do with 'accessories') but it played all the time and the DJ's thought it was hilarious.   So of course I ran around singing the chorus "what about Trojan?" for a few days thinking I was in on a fun grown-up joke. Until my parents heard and sat me down for a very instructive talk. Stopped singing it after that but it was embarrassing moment for all of us.
0	I agree to an extent. I think getting a new job simply for the sake of getting a new job "because I've been here for 5 years" (a reason I've heard a few people use before) is not a good reason in and of itself. If the job you're at provides you everything you need - new challenges, opportunity for growth and promotion, change in career path possibilities, etc. - I don't see a reason to leave, unless of course you're unhappy, or would simply like to experience a change of environment or the pace at a different company you're interested in.
1	A friendly reminder from ADC players:   YOU GET YOUR STACKS AS LONG AS YOU HIT THEM ALL. YOU MISS EVEN A SINGLE ONE AND I'M INSTA CLEARING THAT WAVE FASTER THAN SAMUEL L JACKSON CAN SHOVE HIS ARM UP YOUR A*  AND WORK YOUR MOUTH LIKE A PUPPET TO ASK WHY THE F CK I'M NOT LETTING YOU USE YOUR RELIC STACKS.
1	No problem. It is a deep story just when I looked at that huge wall of text, I was etching to find if someone did a
1	I think people are misunderstanding about the Traditional Skins. First, they are not the old skins. They were made similar to the old skins but NOT really the all ones (this means Riot spent their money to make them). Secondary, I think the Traditional Skins were made to sell to players, the diffirent look might be a reason, because new players in the future won't recognize them they will likely buy those traditional skin because of the diffirent looks (I'm looking at you Traditional Leesin).
0	As much as I agree with the application of the law and the sentiment of OP and yourself that the system is unfairly tilted, it's a bad argument because it's irrevocably flawed. Male to female pedophiles are not apples to apples and while their punishment should be the same, their motives and mindset shouldn't be treated as such. End of story.   It's repulsive, its criminal, and it is illegal, but they are not the same in this case because there is a huge difference in the biological gender makeup (not to mention the societal and psychological implications of gender and how they were raised -just as a minor example, how many hours of sexual harassment training does a male American employee undergo vs. a female employee of the same rank. How much of the harassment is male harasser vs. female harassee... not questioning intent or complaining about it, just noting the difference in how society outlines the current process of qualifying unwanted sexual advances in terms of male v female--and this too will change as the demographics of the workplace shift)   It's not the problem you are complaining about... you are diagnosing the "this is exactly the fucking problem" response based on societal norms and thoughts of perceived inequality... which means you have effectively reduced the victim's trauma based on your own projection of how people view the crime.
1	Due to MMR, Someone who wins a lot can play with players who are rated WAYYYY above them. Obviously this shaco play's and wins a lot, but can't get past bronze for some reason. it also works backwards, if you loose a lot, you start to play with lower skilled players... So
1	I can't see the OP but I am replying to you, none the less. While I think every one of the skins on sale are awesome, and probably the best for the specific character (all have some sort of particle change, and are high quality,) I have to admit I am disappointed, only because I do not play any of those champions, or have the skin already.   I have mained ADC for a year and a half, and bought the Vayne skin on release. I play shyv from time to time when not adc, though that is about 1.5% of all games, and I already have her Ironscale skin. I have heard the darkflame can cause fps issues, on top of that, I think it is VERY visually unappealing.
1	Lemon is talking about some valid points here, but the way he presents it seems to trash anything other NA teams are doing. CLG went to Korea to learn from their play styles, CRS has a dedicated Analyst and Coach, even TSM has faced off against Koreans in the biggest stage many times.   Strategy analysis is good. Statistical analysis provides rationality in explaining success. The problem is, if you start losing nobody believes a word you say. In retrospect if C9 loses this is lemon calling everyone trash ala Doublelift style.   Watch real sports Lemon. Sabermetricians and NBA stat trackers have some of the most sophisticated software out there, but their weight only holds as much as their ability to get good results.
1	I don't think the way it is now is a concious choice. There is probably a big obstacle that prevents Riot from implementing a serverbased lobby chat instead of the current P2P system.
1	I kinda don't like the stance riot took with 3 of the utility active items being limited by being gold gen items.  Shurelya's (i don't know what new one is called), FQC, and FoTM all have very strong actives for a support player, but they have to pick only one, and often it's decided by how much gold you can get early, rather than by the active later.   I really like what dota does with active items.  Supports have tons of choices in what they can get.  To give a few examples there is:   -Force Staff:  Which allows you to push any champion a short distance.  You can use this to engage by boosting someone forward into range.  You can use it to save someone by boosting them away from enemies, and you can use it to catch an enemy off guard and boost them into your team if they position poorly.   Eul's Scepter of Divinity: This item is like zhonyas, except that it can also be cast on enemy champions.  So if you need to remove yourself from battle for 3 seconds you cast it on yourself.  If you want to take the enemy out for a bit you can cast it on the enemy.  The item is much cheaper than deathcap so supports can afford it and it can be used to create space in a teamfight to strategically kite or take out the other team.   Ghost Scepter:  This item makes the user immune to physical damage for a couple of seconds, basically you can use it as a support when the carry dives on you and you want to prevent them from damaging you.   Urn of Shadows: Each time champ dies near the holder, they gain a charge which can be used to cast a DoT on the enemy or a HoT on an ally.   All of this items are mid tier items in terms of cost and are feasible for a support to purchase in a game.  There are also some more expensive items that have pretty useful actives too   Guinsoo's scythe of Vice:  Has lulu's polymorph as an active   Abyssal Blade: active is a short range 2 second stun.   Necronomicon:  Summons units (like tibbers) that can be used to help push and do damage
1	You can play almost all the champions with 2 basic rune page. Lets say one with arpen reds, ad quints, armor yellows, magic resist or magic resist/lvl blues, and one with magic pen reds, ap/hp/movement speed quints, and the same yellows and blues, but if you have enough ip, i highly recommend to buy rune pages and runes.   About champions. It's the best if you can play 2-3 champions in every role at least decently, and you should try to master 1-2 champion in the role you like to play the most. So let's say you like to play mid the most,  Morgana and Ahri are both very good, and safe picks. Let's say you mastered them, but you must be prepared to play other roles if you get in a situation where you can't pick what you want.   Also, it's important to play more than one champion/role, because if you play only Jax top, and the enemy picked Malphite, it's smart to pick something less auto attack/attack speed reliant champion.   If you want specific champion suggestions, i would say those:   mid: Morgana, Ahri, Kennen, Vlad   top: Jax, Malphite, Yorick, Vlad, Kennen   ad: Graves, Corki, Ezreal, Miss Fortune   support: Soraka, Ali, Taric, Sona   jungler: Lee, Maokai, Ali   I just tried to list some safe and good picks, so by all means, if you are very good with Akali, abuse her as hard as you can, etc...
1	I like how nowadays on reddit every post has a
0	If your brother got out of a car to go help accident victims and is an EMT he sounds like a standup guy.... also just so people know, some jurisdictions if somebody trained in first response has the ability to respond but does not- even off duty then can get in legal trouble for not intervening
1	The problem isn't about spamming emotes, it's about spamming emotes when you're politely asked to stop by everyone else the entire fucking game.   If your opponents don't mind the spam, then you can go ahead, but if you decide to continue when they clearly showed they were annoyed, you're an asshole, and deserve to be banned. The same goes for picks, picking Mundo support in ranked won't get you banned, however, picking Mundo support in ranked while your whole team is politely asking you to get something that fits their teamcomp better is a bannable offense.
1	Your friends just have to learn it the hard way. My friend's sister who is 14 wanted to start the game after seeing us play for so many years. I was the one who kept saying that she won't enjoy playing it and it won't be as easy as it seems.   But she wanted to try and yes at first it was painful to watch, she didn't do anything stupid like walk to towers but against enemies she just stood there and cast skills without dodging enemy skills at all. She didn't last hit at all, my friend played few games with her and I spectated their games and told her some tips.   Right now she's lvl 26 (with only like 3-4 games with premade, rest solo) and I spectated her game recently, she has improved a lot. She knows how to farm a lane and look for a right time to fight the enemy rather.   so
1	I ve climbed my way from below bronze to diamond 2 in the past 3 season and I can tell you that there are ALOT of immature people in every elo division league however you want to call it
0	what about people with thyroid disease?   The american thyroid association state that on average only about 5-10lbs of weight gain is attributable to thyroid, If I can find the studies I'll link them but IIRC balancing the effect of hypothyroidism requires only a 5% decrease in daily calorie intake.
1	Carrying our team, then thump thump in the entryway. My drunk neighbor was dropped off at my house by a cab driver who took her phone because she puked in his cab. She was 6ft from her house and she didn't know where she was. She didn't have her keys and I was debating about to letting her stay when she passed out and was not waking up. Had to call dispatch to help her to detox and maybe get her phone back. They could not wake her almost had to call an ambulance for a stomach pump. Eventually their sternum rub woke her up and she left with them. Long night Haha.
0	Either you're a huge dick, or completely oblivious to another post.
1	This is a great interview. Most interviews we get are rushed and don't provide things we don't already know. You asked solid questions and got Krepo to respond accordingly.   Remember: It's not the players, it's the questions you ask. If you ask players "Fuck, Marry, Kill" you can't expect them to take things seriously. If you ask them about inter-squad drama and personal relationships they're going to react the same way athletes do when reporters ask them dumb ass questions.
0	Are we suggesting that any time a journalist uses Reddit as a source, that's "lazy"? Or are we talking about specific examples of journalists who almost exclusively get content from Reddit?   If it's the former, I hope you're all aware of the irony of complaining about "stealing" from a site that is almost exclusively links to content on other sites itself. If it's the latter, then yes, relying primarily on one source is pretty lazy journalism, but I'd be curious to hear about where people have seen this happening, as it certainly doesn't seem like a widespread issue in my experience.
1	You play on na server, here in eu plat is hell cause ppl are the most toxic f*ckers ever. I've started to refuse playing with ppl when they start the rage. I'm on my smurf in plat 5 so i can't drop lower. So far nearly 23 games lost in a row and I will keep on refusing to play with ppl that rage more than 2 times on a mate. Only way to cure this game. Diamond is pure heaven though, you can play what you want as long as you know what you're doing and don't ruin the game on purpose/trolling.
0	I looked like I was chocking / crying lol... my face got all red and I had to swallow continuously which was really uncomfortable since the lack of moisture made the powder feel like sandpaper. I almost threw up from the gag reflex as well.... but I did it and that's what counts right?
1	I see a lot of people commenting that "AD Fizz is good though, it's more fun than AP assassin Fizz," etc. etc. This frustrates me quite a bit. Yes, Fizz is fun with this build. I think AD Fizz should definitely remain a viable build path. However, he should not remain in this state seeing as the core concept behind Fizz is an AP Assassin. Riot should ultimately revert Fizz back to this overall play style of being an AP Burst Assassin, albeit with counter play. Q needs to be buffed back a bit, with W being changed around a bit maybe? To those saying that AP Fizz is still viable, I heavily disagree. His team fighting presence is negligible, laning is awful, and he overall feels weak as an AP champion. As it currently stands, AP Fizz is just essentially a Tier 2, AP Zed. Hell, he's not even as fun as Zed anymore. He can't escape as well as Zed, have a good of a laning phase as Zed, his ultimate is a skill shot while zed"s is a point and click, and he feels like he lacks the damage.
1	The main reason those bots exist is the Refer a Friend system, and Riot has already stated that they will change it so people can no longer do it. Current system has unlimited invites, and gives rewards from IP, rune pages, RP, limited skins and such. The new system will limit invites to 5 people, and the rewards are 1000 per friend on lvl 10, at 3 friends you get a WW (I think it is Grey WW) skin and at 5 you get Medieval Twitch. Since the rewards are way smaller/easier, the bots will likely vanish. These changes should be in effect in less them a month, and this slight increase in bots are probably due to the scumbag exploiters trying to get a bit more out of the system.
1	People don't seem to be understanding the changes to Kha'Zix They wanted to change how Kha'Zix can jump into the middle of the fight and leave with no problem, so they nerfed his base values and made him more centered around being an Assassin picking priority targets with his Isolation. his new Q (WITH ISOLATION) has a 2.4 bonus ad ratio, while his old q is 2.1 so at 176 you will be doing the same damage you used to, but if you go over you do more damage. This means if you build him like an Assassin, "Black Cleaver, Ravenous Hydra, Last Whisper" you will decimate but if you don't he won't gib you while building only Spirit of the Elder Lizard. Making new Kha'Zix centered more towards an Assassin.
1	Well Ive had it for a couple days (OCE Server) and finally yesterday I came across a team that also had it, well 3 other members of my team did. we all decided to do it and it was, honestly pretty cool. none of them were little kids either, all 20+ like me.   And you would be surprised how much less toxic people are when you can hear their voice.   we lost and got stomped haha, but it was all fun and we all added eachother afterwards.   People always say that toxicity comes from hiding behind a screen on the internet, but I think its more specific, I think it comes from hiding behind a keyboard, you can write whatever, but when you are talking to the guys, you have a little more respect for them because you can sort of relate to them I guess?
1	Scenario: you win your lane against Irelia. You have a few kills on her, taken her tower and about 60 minions more than her. Now you decide to take that advantage to your team - gank mid/bot and take a dragon, you might even push down some more towers for the gold advantage. Skip 10 minutes ahead : team fights. Now Irelia have gotten some farm while you were off helping your team, which means she has become the tank with high damage. You said she doesn't do a lot of  damage, but she really does. 75 truedamage + sustain is one of the best abilities in the game. Build tanky and melt the enemy away with next to none damage items.
1	Thorin is one of those people who can talk 10 minutes just to express something they could have said in 3 sentences   You could basically make a 1 line
1	I really dont see the issue with the new theme.. It seems like people are just circlejerking the "Change bad, everything must stay the same". The old theme was very outdated, way too simple, boring and in all ways horrible to look at. The new theme looks fantastic compared to the old one, and I actually find it pleasant to read text with the new background.
1	I hate to be the guy that has to say it, but I believe that if this was ever implemented it would only ever work in Ranked matches.   It would never work in Normals.  Blind Pick/Draft, you can have more than two people queueing up together.  This makes it so they can troll whoever the fuck they want to troll in whatever way they can.  This can already cause problems for solo players because then the teamed up players can just mess with the solo player(s).   If this is implemented in a ranked queue, you have a max of two people queueing together.  With a max of one duo queue per team.  Meaning there are two people that may be playing together, and then three solo players.  Two people can't make a vote by themselves.  They have to convince at least one other person to go along with them.  And as long as somebody isn't being toxic, they have no worries.  The other players won't mob mentality that because there's only five of them total.  Mob mentality can't apply there.  Two people can't really start it happening in such a short amount of time.  And if the duo queue partners start being toxic about it, the other three have the power to veto them out of the game.  Which is important.
1	This one time in soloQQ I was playing jax against a nasus. I was all like "I ain't even mad". That's when Nasus was all like "I'm going AP... Woof!". Skip to lvl 8 or so. I've been zoned all game (he's just purple shnitzing every wave) and he's all like "BRO YOUR LOSING TO AP NASUS!... Woof!" skip to lvl 16. He's 1/11. half my cs. no Q. we win it easy. "You got carried jax. so lucky... Woof!". You can't really tell from my explanation but I'm fairly certain he wasn't trolling. he went to sleep that night rattled that I got carried against his awesomeness.
0	I'm so sick of this comment. Every discussion about online advertising has this as one of the top comments. I know I'm going to get downvoted to oblivion but this annoys me so much I can't hold my tongue for a number of reasons.   My question, as it always is (check my comment history) is what is the purpose of blocking ads? If you're trying to stick it to corporations that's one thing, if you just find ads too annoying for your sanctified internet experience that's another. Both of these viewpoints have serious issues associated with them, which I'll try to explain my opinion on below. I don't mean to be flippant or derogatory, I've just yet to see a good counterpoint to the arguments that I'll make below.     If you disable for sites that you support you're not stopping the collection of your personal, behavioral and demographic information in any meaningful way.  I can go into more detail if you'd like but 3rd party ad networks, information derived from your browser, anything where you sign into an  server - it all exposes your information to advertisers/ad networks.     You're probably meaningless. Although reddit skews young (18-29), and doesn't have a strong HHI breakdown - thus making it attractive to advertisers, you're still dealing with 5% of American adults who use reddit. Assuming that 5% of that % (which is very, very generous - it's probably closer to <1%) use Adblock you're talking about 0.25% of the US internet. This percentage is tiny, especially when you consider the fact that 67% of the US adult pop uses FB. Oh, and hey if you also use Facebook you're giving away more information than you could ever possibly stop with AdBlocker. Also, reddit skews heavily male, which makes it substantially less attractive to potential advertisers than it would be if it had a 50/50 breakdown     If you weren't meaningless you would be destroying the internet. Blocking ads on the internet is like subscribing to a newspaper but picking a subscription package that eliminates all classified ads. The problem is that if newspapers had an option like this they would charge a higher rate because they would need to recover their costs from a lack of ad revenue. The issue with the internet is that you don't pay subscription fees (except for very select premium services, which by the way likely sell your information back to the ad networks at a very high premium because you are an authenticated user with lots of demographic and behavioral data and a unique cookie/identifier). At the very least they leverage your data to make their advertising decisions.
1	Ezreal is a strong champion both as AD and as AP. I think this the reason to get him (i mainly like champs that can do at least several roles like Lee/Jayce/Xin/Malph...) so if you ever get bored of bot lane you can go mid for some fresh air. However he's skill-shot based which can be viewed both as a good and a bad thing.
1	Your opinion.     Your opinion.     Your internet not Riot's.   Ranked games haven't changed from S3 or S2. Just different in how they show you what rank you are really.
1	OH GOD  after 4 games i have never fell behind in jungle with no xp runes neither with masteries. I tried Lee, Ram, Gp and Skarner.   Jungle is much easier now and i like that the olny thing i miss is counterjungling which seems to be less painful for the enemy (expect maybe when you steal the enemy buff).  Ganks require some more thought i agree but again i like that. I was always a jungler who was ganking when either it was neccesary or the enemy was a free kill pushing like a moron. In other cases i was just focusing on "attacking" enemy jungler. And as i said i will miss it  Also i will miss the feeling of awesomeness when i was i my jungle till i had ~3k and then returning to base. Now it seems much easier to sustain yourself.
1	I was playing Amumu with a Jarvan on my team. Enemy team had an Amumu too. One team fight, I ult as amumu, then enemy amumu ults right after. Jarvan jumps on top of enemy Amumu (the carries weren't targeted since their amumu just ulted, so he was in the midst of us, and this was Bronze) and catches me in it as well as well. Then J4 gets hit by a bunch of chain cc so it's pretty much just me and the other amumu stuck in J4 ult, crying and hitting each other.
1	Okay man. I don't understand why you have a hard on for XJ9. I'm not going to write any more essays over a piece of shit like him just because you seem to have a spiritual "problem child" connection with him.   Destiny wrecked him because he was trying to have a logical conversation, but XJ9 is a psychopath and he has zero empathy or regret for his actions. He wasn't fucking trolling, cut that bullshit out. He couldn't understand how what he did was wrong. That is a serious problem. If he accepted that what he did was fucked up, I could sympathize, but he clearly doesn't. Ever since he was banned, he never ever sincerely considered his actions wrong and ALWAYS tries to come off as the victim in this situation. If given the chance he would 100% act up again, and I'd rather not be playing a game with volatile players like him. He hacked accounts, sent death threats which were proven to be him (they were proven, so stop with the "we have no proof" idiotic argument sympathizers are throwing around) fucked up ranked games over a personal vendetta he had against his girl. Just the fact that you're saying XJ9 isn't a toxic person shows me you have some fucked up connection with him. Riot has all the evidence they needed to ban him. He should stay banned, and I'm glad he is.
0	Funny story, I was driving back from a Lions/Bills game and we cut through canada to get back quicker. (I live in Western NY) I had my cruise set probably 7 or 8 kmph over the limit, suddenly a pack of cards. I went in the left lane to pass everyone and one car followed me.  Then I saw him. A cop leading the pack. I was like shoot here comes a tickets. I merged back into the right lane in front of the cop and the guy behind me flew past, the cop turned his lights on and got the other guy.
1	Being a manager of a professional team is a job, and I think it should be treated as such. This thread isn't entirely for coming up with ways to help the players out, but also a PSA that you really need to trust your manager and make sure he/she is the best one you can find before you get into the LCS. > Edit: And just a little side note, I love Phranq! (He's complexity's manager) I've never felt closer to a manager and he really loves his team and what he does. You da best Phranq.
1	Rene has a very strong early game, he can shut down champs that need a lot of farm, making it a 4v5. Late game he really just becomes a damage soak due to poor scaling.   Kennen is very slippery, he can run very fast and stuns. He really shines though in Teamfights. If you time your ult well, you can win a team fight by yourself.   Fiora is an AD carry. But, she can solo well with her passive and her Parry. She needs the most farm to do well, but out of the three champs, she can carry the hardest (best, easiest). The only thing is that she suffers from Assassin syndrome. To harass, she has to get right up next to her opponent, and to kill she has to go all in.
1	also I found out that when I play support, I'm less inclined to blame others... If I'm Darius and I grab Amumu and we get aced, I'm like "man wtf my team sucks, I grabbed one and we still lost"; but if I'm Blitz and I grab Amumu and we get aced, I'm like "man I fucked up there, shouldn't have pulled Amumu"
1	The diff between plats and bronzes is player skill, but in both cases their just people.  I think it was Reginald that wrote a rather lengthy article about 'status' in league of legends.  On the mental front things like getting first blood, ganking successfully, making a clutch play to save a teammate, or taking the enemy tower increase your status and vice versa.  People naturally follow the 'high-status' players on their team, assuming those players aren't straight assholes.  the
0	I'm deaf myself and I've gotten so many unqualified interpreters at different events here, in America. From one-to-one meetings to televised events, so no, they don't test interpreters. Oftentimes, hearing people hire interpreters thinking they're doing a good thing (and they're actually trying their best), but they don't realize the magnitude of hiring an interpreter. They need to include deaf people in the process of hiring interpreters.   You're right here-- this needs to be taken seriously. This brings up a serious issue- not just in South Africa, but in places like America. Quality of interpreting needs to be revisited. Not many interpreters are certified, and if they are, it doesn't necessarily mean they're qualified. Deaf people absolutely needs to be part of the process of certification, hiring, recruiting, and so on.
0	When you buy books, what you are paying for is it's content - the knowledge that is contained in the book and the experiences and sensations that you get while reading it.   The physical book is a mere vessel of the authors hard work.   Therefore selling consumed books back is just like returning empty beer bottles to the store.
0	I remember hearing on NPR a number of years ago that on highways it is statistically the lone car that gets involved in an accident.  They are paying the least attention.   The cars who stay with other cars near them are safer because they're all hyper aware of each other.
1	I had a Sivir in a ranked game yesterday (I was jungle, my duo buddy was supporting him) that had 23 cs at 11 min. My buddy started taking farm from him on alistar in the hope that he could build some damage and maybe salvage the game. Ended up not happening because out Teemo fed the Lee sin, and even though my mid and I were fed, we couldnt carry those two.   Anyway, moral of the story is that he had more damage by the end than Sivir did. So in that case, yes. He should touch farm when the carry is in lane.
0	For me, no even numbers unless it is divisible by 3 or 5 , unless it ends in a 4, 6, or 8. However, if it ends in 4 or 6 and can be factored in more than 2 ways, it is acceptable, such as 24 or 36.   Almost all numbers must be able to be factored in more than 2 ways, unless it is a perfect square or the number 35.  The number 8 is never acceptable, unless it is 08. Almost all numbers less than 10 are accepted except for 1, 4, 6, 7, or 9. Some numbers are exempt from these rules, which will be listed below, along with others that fit into the rules but are unacceptable.
0	I was getting really tired of my job as Art Director dealing with idiotic clients and an incompetent management team. I do have a family and it's not easy to quit or relocate. An alternative I found was to find a way to alter my schedule. I told my boss I wanted to invest time in my mental health and try and take a class outside of work as well. I ended up getting a flex schedule where I only need to be in the office half days and worked the rest at home. It's not a fix for the problems but it has def helped me get through my days and stay sane.
0	2intellectual4me 2smug4me etc   >The genre that existed before modern trap rap and EDM trap, popular at the turn of the millennium, is the same genre that we are discussing.   No, it's not. You haven't said one thing about it so far, actually. My argument agains the co-dependent influence is that it's not co-dependent. There's a small influence that's been hugely overstated by you and a large influence that's been almost completely ignored by you.   Taking out all the insults and backpedaling in that response, your point essentially boils down to: there are some things that were used in a specific edm scene that are also in modern trap as well as edm trap. Congratulations!   Like I said, you sound like as if you read one article and your entire knowledge of the genre is based on that. 808 snares? Jesus, let's forget the long history of the 808's use in southern hip hop (and hip hop in general) prior to chicago tech music, or the use of reverb (a similar story), or any of the other non-points you made. Let's completely ignore any other local styles of music that you're not familiar with and call them "crunk" because that's the only term you know. Let's use phrases like "prelude" "equal temperament tuning" and "co-dependence" to sound smart, hoping you don't know what I'm talking about.   Continue to claim that I'm a snotty teen and you're a big music writer/musician/dj/scholar/all of these things without any evidence besides bringing up the same buzzwords that make you sound like you know what you're talking about (you don't) and namedropping ghetto tech and dj rashad to make it sound like you're an expert (you're not).   To answer your smug rhetoricals, the importance of Wagner to Opera is hard to overstate and I don't really know what you want to know about my opinion about equal temperament, I'm familiar with the concept but don't know much about it.  I GUESS THAT MEANS I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT TRAP MUSIC, OH GREAT MUSICOLOGIST GENIUS .   Basically, you've confirmed that you're a liar who doesn't know dick about southern hip hop music and uses petty insults to make yourself feel better.   You don't have to bother responding anymore, you've pretty much proven that you're completely ignorant about this kind of music.
0	YMMV IYKWIM   FTFY
1	I'll be honest. I've never been a big fan of watching anything on television. Whether it be sports, cartoons, dramas or reality tv shows, I simply could not stand what I called passive entertainment. I don't even enjoy watching streams while I play LoL.   That said, because of the amazing quality of the World Championship, I am excited to watch the upcoming matches, and my friends and I are planning to have a Super Bowl style party for the World Finals that I genuinely want to go to. Thank you Based Riot for making the finals so enjoyable and professional.
1	As most people have said but as well a team can crumble by 1 person or 2 people leaving. Look at tpa. Season 2 WINNERS kicked right out of ogn. Every job is like a twig waiting to snap (fired or to fail), unfortunately e-sports is one with a thin twig. A team can go from bad to good in a seconds decision or good to bad with a seconds decision. Decisions which may make you lose a game in solo queue can cost them A LOT MORE - Jobs, money and fame. Imagine being famous and then it going cos you pressed 1 right click.
1	You are less likely to report if you play a game, and see that it isn't so bad. 75% of the times people flame and blame in champ select because of some picks people make, and then keep being pissed for a long time. But then they play a good game, and feel less need to report them.   Granted it won't happen all the time, but adding it to reporting in champ select will just make it infinitely easier and worse to report without any reasoning. People have to wait and get bored, why not report this guy who took my champ? Oh he didn't pick a champ I like and I still have to wait a minute. Might as well report.   At the end game people just want to get the hell out of there, and only if you think it's worthy enough for someone to be report you stick around for that and put the effort in.
0	I regret to inform those who have "free healthcare" that your healthcare isn't really free. You, and/or your parent's pay for this healthcare through your taxes, your socialist government's have been gracious enough to supply you this healthcare through payment via taxation so you don't go through the hassle of insurance companies. One way or another, your healthcare isn't free, if healthcare was actually free, the children in places like Africa wouldn't be neglected medical treatment because they can't afford it / not enough money for taxes.
0	Close.  "If you find a man seeking only the affection of those who are great, depend upon it he is ambitious and self-seeking; but when you observe that a man seeks the affection of those who can do nothing for him, but for whom he must do everything, you know that he is not seeking himself, but that pure benevolence sways his heart."     Charles Spurgeon
1	Ok im like 1500~ at the moment net gain of around +80 elo in last 12~ games. Whats the best way to stop someone from raging, if someone is doing poorly in their lane there is always someone who ignores the reasons why (such as jungler camping their lane, lane partner got fed by someone else, counter picked hard). The type of raging usually consists of:   1) Someone gives first blood when our jungler ganked for them( Zomg u so bad omg gg not ganking mid anymore) Pretend you are mid and he died because he dived at level 2 but fails to realise.   2) The score is 6-7 in kills and we lost drake and top lane. The jungler is making fun of top lanes poor cs "omg u cant cs learn to last  hit noob" whislt everyone else is doing fine and we are still on course to win.
1	Jayce is not really a farmfest champion. If he doesn't get kills or bullies champs prior to 6, he will get smacked around post 6.   EDIT: Using edit since a lot of people seem to want me to expound on this a bit more. Jayce excels at poking down, then all-inning champions. That's pretty much his playstyle, and he excels at it. Failing to land an E->Q correctly (meaning wave clearing casters/melee in a single E->Q, or failing to hit a champ) means that you can be all-in'd. Against melee, that's not a problem because they will just get knocked back. Against ranged, they WILL out trade you easily. Obviously this is matchup dependant, but since top lanes are all about matchups, it's not something we can ignore.   If we approach this from a manner of trying to maximize a champion potential, there is no reason to pick a safe-farm Jayce. He excels at bullying and taking kills. If the MATCHUP forces you to play safe (mostly vs. strong harassers like Kennen/Elise), that is different. The main difference here is they may be forgoing team synergy in order to deal with Jayce's INCREDIBLE early game. However, if you fail to bully the lane opponent who opts for stronger team synergy in exchange for being weaker in lane (Singed, Malphite, Shen, etc), you are doing your team a disservice.   I hope I explained that correctly.
0	Before you put the ring on, almost every girl was a potential mate. And talking to women who you wanted to  have sex with  date made you nervous. And it showed.   Once you put the ring on, the pressure was off. They stopped being potential mates and started being people. And now that you're not nervous, you come across as more confident, which is an attractive trait.
0	If anyone wants to get into podcasts, try Startalk or Sleepycabin. Startalk is with Neil DeGrasse Tyson and it's actually very entertaining and interesting. Sleepycabin is funny as hell in my opinion, worth trying if you have a darker sense of humor.
0	I've been waiting for a chance to tell this story and this is probably the closest situation to mine. When I was 17 I was paralyzed in a car accident (c5-6) that left me without control or feeling of anything below my arms. One problem that comes along with this is not being in complete control of you bowel movements (with repetition and suppositories you can set up a routine). I was shopping for some clothes at the mall and I felt the signs that I was about to shit my pants. Soon after, it happened. I ask an employee of the store I was in where an elevator was. She pointed me toward the express elevator b/c the primary elevator was out for maintenance. I make it to the elevator and press the call button. While waiting for the elevator i guess I started looking down. When the elevator doors opened I looked up and saw two black people on the elevator. I was somewhat surprised because I wasn't expecting anyone on the elevator (the elevator was in the back of a store. pretty secluded). After realizing they were staying on I told them I'll catch it the next time around. My intent of not embarrassing myself had been misconstrued as me not wanting to ride the elevator with two black people.
1	Yes I totally agree, LCS teams need to step it up. I think theres a big distinction in the NA LCS and the LCK or even the LPL and EU LCS when it comes to coahcing. The NA scene is severely young in both players and Coaches. The coaches are either players who have been with the team forever or some trusted associate who has played League at high elo to some capacity, or even current staff with the team.   The Reason CLG ended up the way it did and the reason why you'll never see this happen in the LCK is because individuals  and teams in the LCK know what it means to be a sports coach. I think this is a very important and basic element that NA LCS teams heavily look over, like seriously forget getting more people who know everything about the game, or who used to be the most awesome players/shotcallers. Yea thats all fine and dandy but honestly what you need is a mature and grown individual who has a commanding presence.   Who carry's ethos within the organization and among the players, a true leader to TEACH the players how to lead and follow and ultimately meld together as a team. You don't need another person that boils down to be a glorified analyst who ends up becoming the scapegoat for the organization when they lose. "CLG lost to TSM? Must be Scarras fault for having a horrible pick and ban phase"! I know pick and bans are important but seriously come on, players have been doing this on their own forever and you think thats all a coach needs to do? An extra voice for that?   Oh am I assuming to much? Perhaps you think that they should just make the players feel comfortable, tell them to practice and stream once in a while. Take scrims a little more seriously, hand out breaks/praise when players do something they are paid to do and be nice and considerate to a players role, champ pool and status on the team. Wouldnt want to get your superstar mad at you now would ya? Please if this is how you operate you need to stop being a child, no coach should operate like this ever, because if you do, you end up like CLG. Players running a mock, giving excuses and saying sorry for acting immature when it's already too late. You know what happens when you screw up in the real world on the job?   You can get fired folks and no it doesnt have to be a chronic issue, they can lose confidence in you the first time around and LCS players really arent pressured and held to a high standard as they should be. They live with grown children and act like rude ass grown virgin children. You look at the Korean players, they are serious, like all dead serious. They play League like they could be benched and replaced the next damn day, they play with a sense of urgency, they are very precise, they can tilt and sometimes show emotion but guess who's there to crack the whip on them if they get out of line? Oh thats right the intimidating well dressed adult looking coach standing right behind them!   LCS coaches dont even dress like they are dignified figures of the organization sometimes, like take your damn job seriously folks. I'm a big CLG fan but the entire organization should be ashamed because they were read for what they really are. Unorganized amateur children  that don't know how to be professional. Have some integrity and some pride in your brand! Stop recruiting loud mouth celebrities from Youtube and twitch to be part of your organization to directly influence your misguided band of misfits. For gods sake some of these people never even graduated highschool, do you realize the maturity level much less the education level of some of these players?!   Not to make these pros sound like bums off the street but lets be real here, technically they are at best gifted children who got the opportunity to do what they love, while making a low income equivalent to that of someone with only a highschool diploma working a 9-5, except their hours are way longer and they give up much of their social lives/growth.  I aint knocking these pro's choice to go big in the League scene and I do hope League continues to grow, but these organization need to realize they arent housing adults. These kids need a lot of development and responsibility and discipline need to be retrained to many of these individuals.   Kind of a
0	I understand the question was probably inappropriate given the context and meant to impress more than to get any information from the expert, but his answer was unquestionably wrong. Clowning as a general performance form is way older than commedia and has many, many variations, but clowning was a major part of commedia performances and modern clowning can trace many of its tropes back to the commedia form (the checkered costume of the trickster or harlequin character being the most obvious and well-known example).
1	yeah okay the system sucks, but it is completely inappropriate for you to call it cancer. you should change your
1	U post  1 sentence  and still add
1	In response to this, I feel both are right.  It just depends on the time of the game.  Early game, the small victories are what put you ahead in lane and enable you to carry MORE than your opponent lane.  However, once the laning phase is done and you start to group and take objectives, the big plays are what really start to snowball the game.  20 cs wont matter late game if you are ahead 2 dragons 3 towers and 5 kills, but it will matter if you are behind.  LoL is very situational.
1	I mean lets be real. Those pirates on the boat shooting those canon balls are doing there BEST to hit people.  The fact that they even know that gangplank wants them to shoot let alone a specific part of the map in and of its self is impressive.  I mean you can't even see water that could house a ship anywhere on the map so they are shooting from quiet a distance.   With that in mind the fact that they are able to keep the balls in such a small area is probably just do to wind and other uncontrollable variables.  To the shooters of the canon it is probably a single target ability it just takes so long to get there is sometimes misses...
0	I had a day of detention for stabbing a guy in the face.   Story time! I had a newly sharpened penciled and held it by his face. Slowly my finger proceeds to tap his should to gain his attention. As he turns, unknowingly to his demise, the pencil pierces his cheek. He immediately drew his face back as my haunting mischievous laugh echoed through the classroom. In shock and horror my teacher gave me detention. My friend was kinda pissed at first then laughed. It drew blood so the teacher didn't see the silver lining. Still though I told everyone I was in there fore stabbing a guy in the face.
0	When I was a sophomore in highschool, My mom was out of town and I had nothing to do; as my sister was on the computer playing Sims. So, I decided to whittle some soap for my mom as a welcome home present, Because it couldn't be to hard right? Well, long story short I sliced my finger clean open and it got so deep you could see bone. So instead of going to the hospital, I freak out and tell my sister (20 at the time) to not tell mom and lets go to walgreens and get some band-aids. She's panicking, so she agrees and we're off.   We arrive and i dart directly to the pharmacy. (They have white coats so they know best, right?) I ask the lady behind the counter if she thinks i might need stitches. (at this point, my hand is wrapped with about a half a roll of paper towel.) She tells me to unroll it, and i get about halfway down and the amount of blood seems to double after each unravel. The look on her face was "Wtf bro, your hand is literally dripping blood, and you think a band-aid will fix it?" She says to go to a hospital immediately. My sister and I oblige,  BUT FIRST  we just  HAVE  to get some gauze wrap, because we don't want my mom to know. but there is a line. a long line.   So here I am, My hand above my head (because I saw it on  untold stories of the E.R.  and it saved a mans life or something), blood dripping down my arm, I feel like I'm losing consciousness,  and people are staring. I begin to feel so lightheaded I start to panick, and make sure I'm still awake and not dreaming by screaming. Yup, I started screaming. In the middle of the line. At a walgreens. ಠ_ಠ. I begin yelling "I THINK I MIGHT PASS OUT" and "AM I STILL AWAKE?" and "IT DOESN'T HURT, AM I GOING INTO SHOCK?!". My sister at this point is freaking out. So we get moved to the front of the line, and we're out of the store. When we arrive at the emergency room, we do all the monotonous paper work, and they said the doctor will see me shortly. I'm not panicking as much because, hey, if I pass out here there are a bunch of doctors around! The woman then asks me "Was the blade clean?" and I snicker to myself and say "well, I was cutting soap." She cringed and went to get the doctor for the stitches.
1	I get raging when my team refuses to work together, otherwise I'm pretty calm. I play Jax/Yi, and usually carry around 20/3/5 at the moment. When we're working together really well, talking to eachother, my scores go up to around 25-30/1-2/10-15. If I'm going 4v1 blocking a middle rush, with no turrets, my scores go down to around 10/10/3 (Sometimes with a win at those scores, belive it or not.)
1	Ok lets clear some things up. They did both AMAZING things here and I'm going to try too shed some light on it.   Yellowstar:  2 BRILLIANT double stuns along with quick burst damage to basically just serve rekkles 2 easy finishes. Stayed relevant during the final Diamond chase for Rekkles making Diamond to scared to go after him after barrier and basically zone him away by staying put at distance, ready to interfere.   Rekkles: Playing it REALLY cool, managing too position himself and get that ult he patiently saved, off. After this he used his passive very well, baiting out the Shyvana ult into bushes wich he also patiently saved his flash for. After this... he expected the Shyvana flash as final gapcloser but here he had his barrier wich he also very patiently saved and that saved his life.
0	Am i the only one who knows tht communism was thought of during the industrial revolution and only works in countries BEFORE the industrial revolution. (Marx idea was that the rich would grow richer and the poor poorer; however he forgot the middle class, which was new during the industrial revolution.)
0	It could be worse, buddy!  I mean, a little hair around the nipple?  Super quick waxing and you don't have to worry about it for at least a week....   You're lucky.  I am the hairiest person I know, by a wide margin.  I'm more hairy than my father, and I'm a damn woman.  It's THE WORST.  If I want to shave all my body hair (as is usually expected) it takes me like and hour and a half in the shower.  Then I have to cover my ENTIRE body in lotion every day so I don't get razor burn, and MAYBE I'll be lucky enough not to get an ingrown hair or three, but it's unlikely.   To top that off, I also have to pluck the hairs all over my face.  The eyebrows have to be shaped, but I also have to get rid of the DARK BEARD HAIRS that pop up on my chin.  Every. Single. Day. Every day, OP.  Every freaking day.  Plucking and plucking... It's madness.
1	I'm going to go off and say something totally unjustified and false . We all know Hotshot is a level headed player who has never flamed in chat/stream consistently for a team mates poor performance. Hotshot is a humble respectable person who would never use his past in eSports as a feeling of self righteousness over the other players of his team. /s   I have heard Hotshot say "This guy doesn't deserve to talk to me" after Hotshot flamed him.
1	Woah there, you do realise a lot of marksman's have that right? To list a few off the top of my head Varus, Kog, Lucian and corki. Having AP ratios tends tobalance things out. I actually think that MF is coming back into the scene. I've recently started a gold to diamond smurf run and I have seen some pretty nice MF players when I thought they were all gone. I am a support main averaging around D3 and I feel marksman's fit one to three different roles for their team in this nasty tank meta. First up, the self peelers, these guys can deal a fair amount of damage if you let them and they are tricky to catch for the tanks. I'd say Lucian/Tristana best fit that role for what their kit offers. Secondly you have supporting marksman's, they can do damage don't get me wrong anyone can with enough items, but their kit aids your team in multiple ways. They are slightly uncommon nowadays but you mainly have sivir for this one along with the occasional Ashe/varus. Then you have the duelers/lane crushers what ever you want to call them, but their goal is to win lane and or do much more damage then the opposing marksman. I'd say Draven, Caitlyn and graves suit this role well enough. (I know i went off track but I like MF and think she is good i'll expkain here) This role suits MF, she is a lane bully through and through, her kit is based off it. Her Q is a good way to zone, W is a good steroid and can mess up the heal of the enemy causing it to be very weak in the fight and giving an edge to MF.  Her E is just a fairly good disengage in the late game being a 65% aoe slow, as well as the mid game. Now her ult, the strongest part of her kit. Guess what, it does scale off as. Bullet time uses stacks of her W, which also uses AD to scale. At Max stacks of 6-8 stacking from 6% of bonus AD going to roughly 36% of bonus AD. With her DMG on her ult going through the entire team. Also if you sit far enough back you don't need no peeling, you are miles away dealing massive damage throughout the fight being very safe. Oh wait then ult deals magic DMG? Well you have a bit of a corki complex. Go sorc shoes into a late game void staff suddenly you hurt a lot besides your autos.
1	ESports is evolving into becoming more of a business.  If we travel back a few years ago, there were no gaming houses except in Korea - now, every top tier professional team has a gaming house.  Not to mention how the South East Asians have inducted coaches, analysts, cleaning services ect... Into their organizations staff, to have their players solely focus on the game and set them up for absolute success.
1	I think that what a lot of people don't realize is that, while I agree that the changes were not a step in the right direction, and that there are problems in the jungle, the problems in the jungle are not nearly as easy to fix as everyone makes them out to be. The jungle is one of the most dynamic places that Riot has to balance, and it's not as simple as tweaking numbers. As a basis, many of the things which slow-clearing junglers/tank junglers need would be OP when applied to the current crop of top tier junglers (and some of the crop from last season). This creates a problem where creating an item, tweaking jungle monsters' numbers, etc. may fix the B, C, and D tiers, but they will still be the B, C, and D tiers. For the most part, the A tier will still be the A tier, and there will still be a similar pool of meta champions. The major difference will be in the relative power of junglers. Making tank junglers viable using numbers and simple items will usually force the A tier of junglers to become ridiculously strong, snowbally, etc. Riot's problem is that balancing the relative powers of all types of junglers at a decent level is a job that is much harder than it looks.
0	My mother moved to Baltimore when I was 14, when I was 16 I finally got the chance to visit her. She didn't have much money and stayed about 20 mins out of the centre of town (I forget the area), anyway one of the first days she was working and I was left on my own I got bored and went for a walk. Ended up in what I found out after was a rather sketchy area. Now, a few people did approach me looking rather menacing, asking for money etc. And I did shit myself a fair bit, but as soon as I spoke to them were super nice to me and went on there way wishing me well and goodbye.   Now to let you know I am Scottish, and when they thought I was just some random white American kid they were totally gonna kick my ass and take my money. But, for some reason, as soon as they heard my Scottish accent.... nah not gonna bother him, just gonna ask loads of dumb ass questions about kilts and Nessie. This is when I learned Americans really do love Scots, fuck knows why, I was no different to any other white kid there. And for the rest of my time in Baltimore, no matter who approached me giving me shit (yeah pretty much always angry looking black guys asking me if I had any spare change, or strange looking sexual deviants trying to pick up a young white boy) I'd just hit out with my Scottish accent and boom, every one was my best mate, no hassles.   Take what you want from this story, but in my experience a 16 year old Scottish kid is effectively untouchable in one of the most dangerous cities in America.
0	Ironically, poor people tend to carry around all of their cash with them, usually in the form of large bills because that's what they were given when they cashed their check. On the other hand, I'm working a steady job and only ever use cash for anything maybe once per week.   More importantly, you'll never spend less money attempting to find the fraud than you lose from the fraud. It's the same reason they don't test welfare recipients. If you're going to put more money into the system, help people, don't use it trying to restrict people.
0	I still disagree.  There are certain things that really fall outside the range of expectation. If I'm a middle school teacher and I notice that NASA overspent it's budget, I can criticize them for that, admonish them not to do it again, and move forward. It's not my job to go "here are some possible ways to avoid it in the future."   Same thing with the banking industry. Not everyone can have a solution. That's sort of why we vote for elected officials. So that we don't have to spend all that time thinking of ways to solve our problems. For better or worse it's allowed people to be focused more personally than on the nations politics. We support those who have ideas and the passion to attempt them.   Finally, telling someone to "google it" is not helpful. Not in the slightest. I mean, in general, when I tell someone to Google it, it's an act of annoyance. Not one of benevolent "here's how you can fix it."   Oh, in regards to the mechanic. Yeah that might be nice. That's a good example of when it's really necessary to specific about criticism (of an object) and potential to fix it. I hadn't thought of that.   I guess the point I'm making is that criticism plays a central role in development of novel ideas. People respond to being told their ideas, projects, or plans "aren't good enough." A willingness to voice criticism is essential to progression and, while nice if present, a "how to improve" isn't necessary or required and making it so would only reduce the presence of much needed criticism.
1	You can tell yourself that not killing her is very sport, and even though you'd get an advantage out of this, reflect on how bad the player would feel - of course, « lol she knew she had a bad connection why does she play xd » isn't an excuse.   I faced such situation this morning. My level 3 opponent suddenly stopped moving as my ~12 creeps wave rushed toward him. I had hit them just before, and the minions finished them, so I got the kill.   After apologizing in /all, I received « lol vlad u suck tryhard [insert foreign insults] ». Needless to say I overpushed my 3 levels advantage and snowballed the lane out of control.
0	yes, because the "saps" (junior enlisted servicemembers) in the barracks totally make the rules. As a medical professional I'm 110% for aggressively curbing sexual crime, but the political babysitting bullshit they use against single servicemembers is practically inhumane.
0	14th Amendment, section 2, second sentence starts "But when the right to vote..." and then goes on to explain punishments for states that don't give men of the age of 21 or older a vote (votes for women and 18 year olds came later)   Notice, this sentence does not grant the right to vote, but already assumes that the right exists.  In constitutional law, this is a stronger sentence than explicitly giving the right to vote because it also includes an enforcement clause.   The words "the right to vote" appears several times in the constitution.  The idea that voting isn't a right in this country is about the dumbest thing I've ever heard on this site, and I've heard a lot of dumb shit on reddit.
1	so im gonna buy that thing because it looks awesome. but 25 bucks is like half the price for a complete new pc game. so in my oppinion there is a bit of disproportion. i would say its more awesome than any other skins that you can already buy but its not that much with the full price it will have. lets say 2500RP (which would still be damn expensive) would reflect this much better.  either way you dont have to buy the skin if you want it go for it if its too expensive for you dont.
1	F*CK.YOU. I am currently playing against this... all i have to say is that i wish you the worst life ever
1	Restrictions are based on your reports over a certain percentage of your games. The time period doesn't MATTER AT ALL. This is the 10th thread I've seen with people not understanding this. In your last 100 games how much did you afk or bm. It could be over a long period of time. If you  pass certain threshold then you will get punished. Its maybe 1 in 10,000 that is innocent (if there are even that many people who get punished). If you're getting restricted you're part of the 1% and its time to realize you're doing something wrong.
1	What? So you're essentially saying that people in the lower picks should be punished because they're randomly placed into their team slot and now can not play the position that they feel is their strongest? I was in a game once where I was 2nd to last and I said I'd like top, and our team capt. was like "NO FU I'M TOP" and I said okay well then let's trade champs or else you'll be counterpicked and he thought that i wouldn't swap when the time came. So he was like "NO I AM TOP" and i was like fine. First pick poppy. I said in Skype to my friend who was in the lobby "Inc Olaf/Darius counterpick" and as the picks went on. Bamb. there was the Olaf. We type AS SOON AS THE GAME START, "look out for his lvl 2 damage" and what does she do? trades with him at lvl 2 and then dies instantly. 15 minutes later I remember she was 0-8. She then just did golemns and thats it. Let olaf free farm. She had 4 cs at the 34 minute mark.   She proceeded to go "how come other people can first pick top and not get counterpicked". She was warned. We ended up winning that game because EVERY other lane won. Absolutely depressing.
1	I assume this is an AP interpretation of Doran's Blade. The problem with this is that the spellvamp would require repeated spell usage to take advantage of it, causing mana problems and a 3% spellvamp is hardly noticeable at early levels. Higher values of spellvamp would make it an alternative to a hextech revolver, but would have balancing issues on manaless casters (mainly vlad).   Lifesteal is different in that it does not require any resources to utilize it, nothing but smart autoattacking and lane control.
0	People seem to think it's way deeper than it actually is.  I've seen it and bought it for my nieces to see because they're too young to go to the theatre, but I'm not a huge fan of it, mostly because of the frantic, overly-obsessive enthusiasm some people show when you mention the word  Frozen .  (This is often followed by song lyrics that I don't know or a video of their child singing "Let It Go.")  It's not a terrible movie, but people are trying to tie it into other storylines that it has no business being in.  I heard some crazy theory that their parents are actually Tarzan's parents and that their ship is the same one Ariel was swimming through in  The Little Mermaid .  There's other stuff, but those were the ones I remembered.
1	I would like to remind everyone that the PBE is full of TENTATIVE and radical changes so I must urge everyone to take a grain of salt with any nerfs and/or buffs. If you have a PBE account please play several games with the person who received the said changes (Minimum of 5) and explain on the pbe forums what your grievances are. With enough feedback they might or might not change.
0	Ok how is your comment not racist? Basically you are saying black people can only relate to other black people. And then you go on to talk about culture when you yourself say that all these shows have different settings in all spheres of life. Your "
1	I agree but the his point is that the Grandmasters at the upper echelons are always at a huge disadvantage starting black. Sure, you may win if you are better but if two people are equal skill having perfect play why is it fair that one person wins because of an unfair advantage? The same goes for anything else, like if you were able to move 1 second earlier as Player 1 in Mortal Kombat or something.   Besides, the highest echelons of play are where balancing is most important. People are going to lose with OP champs in low elos because they aren't good with them and the enemies ARE better but in tournaments where two teams are both very high skill and one team gets to first pick an imba champ and the other team gets the same old characters that are "balanced" it is a problem and needs to be fixed for them. This is why you will almost NEVER see a nerf to a champ like Shaco that is such a pubstomper in lower elos; he does not show up in championships and roll face. Nerfs and buffs are usually decided by what characters destroy in major tournaments and which ones never show up and the community has an outcry over.
1	My reasoning being that CLG tends to bicker and throw the game. I feel this is probably why they lost to Curse in IPL. I'm not saying they are bad, as they are easily one of the best teams when they all are tryharding and working together, but getting to that point seems harder for them then other teams. Curse is a pretty solid B+ team and Sypher is probably a A-/B+ while CLG performs anywhere from a C- to S++ level.
1	I disagree.   There's many other reasons to have a smurf.   Sometimes I want to play but I dont want people in my friendlist to know about it.   Sometimes I want to play with friends that are low bronze and if we queue up for normals together we get matched against people that are much better than them and it's a stomp and its not fun for anyone.   Sometimes I want to try a role Im not all that great with (Not that I suck or troll with, just that I dont feel entirely comfortable with) in a ranked tryhard environment and I want to play in lower mmr so I dont ruin my team's game.   Even maybe sometimes my match history is full of loses and I want to keep playing but feel like there's a different feeling there and not like I'm stuck in the same losing streak. (I know this doesnt make any actual sense it's just a psychological shit, but it helps!)
1	I dont think its a big deal. It can actually be graet for you. Imagine your teammate levels up faster than his/her lane opponent and has now the advantage of 1 more spell available.  On mages this means more CC and burst. So you get the gank support advantage for a creep of exp you wouldt even had if you start at the buffcamp at 1:55. Maybe you wouldnt even gank that early because you have to kill wolves first.
1	reddit and twitch chat. :D thats the community. In a huge community are alot of dicks ...just ignore them. If regi did get voted. What would regi do.? Bann his karthus and bann diana and regi would also have huge problems. If you take TF misaya is going to outplay you because you know.
0	Im okay with the small amount of live action shows on cartoon network(theres only one,which is the incredible crew, which im mixed about) but i hope cartoon network doesnt go the way disney channel went which was it had an equal amount of good cartoons and good live action shows...then the live action shows attacked.now theres only 3 on dsny chnl and it seems like they want to make xd for cartoons and dsny chnl for live action shows. But hopefully cartoon network wont go the way disney channel did.
1	Thank you.   When LoL tournaments reach even 25% female participation, and when playing with an identifiably female name no longer gets you called a "dumb bitch" who needs to "shut the fuck up and suck my dick" in pubbie matches, then I'll consider arguments that all-female LoL tourneys are pointless.   In the meantime, an all-male tourney would be deserving of anger because  competitive, pro-level LoL play is effectively all-male  and it just reinforced the idea that LoL is a boy's club, unlike women's tourneys, which are trying to encourage female participation in the League.
0	Yeah, it's known as friendzoned. A drill will open up holes in the wall, it won't open her heart or her pussy for you. You're her personal tool in the shed.
1	Vamp Scepter is almost universally a bad starting item. Lifesteal isn't a very good early game stat because it requires you to be autoattacking, which is one of the last things you want to be doing in the laning phase. You're getting about 5 and a half health each attack. If you were constantly autoattacking (Which you shouldn't be), you're getting around 19.5 HP/5. This is if you are CONSTANTLY attacking. Ideally, you're making 6 attacks per wave, which is about 33 health each wave. Then take into account enemy actions that can prevent you from attacking, such as zoning, and it becomes even less. This is the only benefit you get from that 450 gold Vamp Scepter. Compare to a Doran's Shield, which is a constant 8 HP/5, AND armor, AND health. Or even any other regen item. A regrowth pendant is 15 gold cheaper than the Vamp Scepter, for a CONSTANT 15 HP/5, regardless of your actions. I'm not a big fan of Doran's Blade, but it at least gives you some health and some damage in addition to the lifesteal, so it is okay. I still prefer the Shield on almost every champion though, but it boils down to personal preference there.
0	I feel like the Catholic church's views were never really controversial. It was just the Vatican's treatment of issues (and pushing for legislation) that made it seem so bad.   For instance, I feel like the Catholic view on gay marriage is perfectly reasonable: any sex outside of a Catholic marriage or having sex without being open to having a child is wrong. And a Catholic marriage can only be between a man and a woman.   Defining a "Catholic marriage" isn't taking away anyone's rights. Besides, with this definition, having any type of sex outside of marriage or even using a condom is considered wrong.   It's fine if people believe that using birth control/condoms is wrong. It's fine if they believe gay marriage is wrong. It only becomes a problem when it starts impeding on peoples rights: when the Catholic church goes out of its way to make sure people know certain issues are wrong and actively pushes for legislation.   I don't really care what the Catholic church says about condoms but if they start pushing for legislation to make condoms illegal there's something wrong. Same with gay marriage: I don't care what the church says about it but I get mad when they try to make/keep it illegal.     And I think this is why Pope Francis is seen as such a good guy: he's not changing beliefs, especially with controversial issues. He's just changing their emphasis and how they should be "enforced" upon other people.
1	Random passive isn't truly random it's controllable. His rage decay isn't enough to make it so he can't stack up and wait for the fight to happen. And even if it goes down if he has bork it takes like four autos and spells and it's up again. (I see a strong similarity to Yasuo when people said "Oh his q is so hard to use he'll never be able to ult without help"). Mega Gnar has so much CC that it is almost impossible to out trade him, plus the health bonus. ANd he has a FREE ranged poke on like a 2 second CD with % magic damage, and speed boost. Mega Gnar's ult is a game changing ult that can be combined with his intense CC.
1	Woong is foreign, we don't hear nearly as much news about him especially since he hasn't really done anything notable since then besides Quantic.   Anyway, to sum it up:   I didn't really know much about Woong since I don't follow the Korean scene all that much.  I catch a game here and there but that's about it.   So, first thing I can remember hearing about him is that he screwed over some player in order to invite Locodoco onto his team.  Ok, whatever, dick move but I don't really care all that much.   Next thing I see about him is his performance during worlds at which point he cheated and looked at the minimap.  Ok, what an asshole, Riot was dumb as hell to put the screens in that position but IIRC TSM also saw that the screens were in a bad position but instead of using it to their advantage they paused the game and asked Riot members for the screens to be turned off.  Riot refused.  Anyway, point is Woong cheated and that's the second thing I basically ever heard about him.  That he screwed over a teammate and kicked him off for a bullshit reason and that he cheated at Worlds.  Out of 5 teams looking at the screen, the time that Woong looked at the screen was the  only  time that Riot determined that the team that had looked at the screen had not only gained important information from it, but it was the only time that a team used said information to gain an advantage over the opposing team.  That's basically all I know about him at this point.   Next thing I hear is that he's a part of Quantic.  Basically Quantic thinks they're hot shit from Korea so no way they can lose in the NA LCS.  They come over and don't do their research and end up getting hit by DDoS attacks.  They fail to secure a different location to play from and end up not making it and disintegrate.  I'm not sure if my memory is faulty here but I also seem to remember them being pretty arrogant about the whole ordeal.   Edit: /u/Dooraven says I'm wrong, says the following:   >[Memory faulty here, Woong was announced as part of the original roster but was he didn't really end up playing with them (he played like a couple of games). Quantics roster that played in NA was Apple Gunza Suno Locodoco and Prime.](   End edit   So, that's all I know of Woong.  Almost everything I have ever heard about him has painted him as a huge asshole, and not only an asshole, but a cheating asshole.  I guess he wrote some apology letters but while I remember seeing them and maybe even reading them I don't really remember them swaying my opinion of him at all.
0	Dude, I did the exact same thing!  Funny thing is, I know my wife uses reddit and now she might find out... She will be pissed.
1	The basic idea is that using the word "rape" for things that aren't rape trivializes the actual crime, and suppresses cultural outrage at the idea of sexual violence. It's a little deeper than that; if you really want to know, you could look up the concept of a rape culture. Personally, I don't buy this particular application of the idea, 'cause I believe people are capable of recognizing that nobody is talking about literal rape in a video game.
1	I agree with pretty much everything you said, since it's pretty much all fact, haha, except for the part about Rammus. If Rammus is an issue, you want merc treads for the MR + Tenacity rather than Zephyr, especially since Zephyr doesn't provide any defensive stats and doesn't help much vs beef.   If you're going to build a Zephyr, it's likely going to be in combination with either Swifty Boots or Ninja Tabi, depending on what you're dealing with. If you want Zephyr specifically for the tenacity, I'd recommend going Ghostblade + Merc Treads instead since the avarice blade part of GB will help you to, slightly, catch up in gold and MR is pretty much always nice to have unless enemy team is all AD, in which case feel free to go Zephyr + Nin Tabs. In fact, Zephyr + Nin Tabs is perfectly fine to get AFTER Tri Force if the enemy team is all AD, in my opinion. And... actually I think I'm getting off topic. I'm sure no one cares that much about my opinion, so I'll stop here. :)
1	I don't play Ryze anymore but i think he's really viable. He's one of the few tanky AP dps, imo a good champion to counter divers with (irelia, lee sin etc) because sure they may dive over your tanks and shit but when they get there they hit the brick wall Ryze with 3000hp and lots of armor and mr to go along with a strong (and here's where i think Ryze really lacks) single target damage output. He really lacks when it comes to aoe and dealing damage to multiple champions. His E is pretty abysmal damage wise and the splash from his ulti? I don't know since it was so long since i played him or saw him in a game even (i've improved a lot since then) but it doesn't do an awful lot of damage.
1	I love how first blood is almost a bait now for the enemy, forcing them to use summoners. One game I was supporting and my ad (was not my duo) we both gave there bot lane a kill around 1:25 in game. but we walked back in lane, didn't say much about it, however we had summoners, they didn't and we ended up stomping the lane and win the rest of the game
1	This happened to me on my laptop at a friends house. First time I got put in a queue at position 1 and it didn't change for 5 minutes. Second time it just sat there. I went home and it logged in instantly from my house on my desktop. IDK
1	Never had someone afk in base spamming pings, but I feel like this is not viable at all.   Sometimes I'm playing support, and my marksman is trying to trade or something, and then I have to ping repeatedly times to them to see that I don't have enough health, or mana, or cooldowns to a trade / or that maybe there was a teleport somewhere, a upcoming gank...   If they get stressed because of the repeatedly pings, or just silence all the pings at the beginning of the match, there will be less communication than we already have, since muting the whole time is one of the best ways to not deal with ragers and people determined to stress you.
1	Will definitely follow your stream to see how you are getting along!   What I respect most about the way you put yourself across is that you aren't set in your ways like some people are. (An example of such is people putting you down for holding off college for a year)   At the end of the day, I'm sure you'll learn a lot from this, probably mostly whilst not even playing the game. You seem like a genuine person, so I wish you all the best, just keep an open mind!   Good luck, and I like the
1	Dota2 still has balance problems - e.g. of 114 games played in TI2 so far there are 7 heroes that have been picked/banned more than 108 times, and there is in general very steep dropoff in usage beyond the top 20-25 heroes. It is moderated somewhat by the rock-paper-scissors of push-gank-farm and by regional playstyle differences, but balanced isn't really a great description of dota.
1	Exactly. This is the catch with any game.  Progression , In some games it depends on your gear or your gold but in League its all about the outplays or the amount of skill you have. Why would you cheat in a game where all that matters is your skill?? Botting or hacking in grinding style games after a certain point is really common especially in WoW but hacking / cheating in a game where the only thing that matters is how well you know your champion and the other champions and how fast you react, it dosent make sense to hack in such games. Be it DOTA or LoL or SC2. Its stupid. Its worthless. Its meaningless.   The only reason I play LoL is to keep all those sexy and awesome outplays in my mind, be it my enemy or me. The point of League is to learn and keep learning some new tricks and tips that contribute to that outplay. This is the whole point Riot stream LCS or all the pro's stream thier scrims / solo queue. The whole point of loosing is to get close to winning. Its understandable to rage or flame if you loose, thats what human's do, thats what sets us apart from all the other living creatures. Emotions. But to resort to plain cheating to never loose. Thats some deep bullshit right there.   Sorry if its too long I just wanted to get things off my chest
0	That post is fairly old, and I've definitely progressed beyond it well. I've had multiple meaningful relationships since, but the core of what I said I still believe whole heartedly.
1	I did not use numbers for a 2000 HP target on a 1500 HP target. I re-do numbers when I change target.   "Have blown everything" meaning have not used ignite, any ticks of your ult, have only cast one E, and haven't hit a single tick of W or had any help from your team, landing even a single auto-attack. Also, many ADs won't have much MR by that point. 10% reduction is more likely.   Whops at the 35% thing. My bad.   DFG does not fall off harder than Deathcap, it actually scales better. Deathcap basically adds a ratio based on your current ratios. For morde, it adds about a .4-.5 ratio depending on enemy HP and how many ticks of things you get. DFG has a .35 ratio per 1000 enemy HP, which outscales Deathcap in most situations. The CDR also scales with your AP. And you can build a Deathcap later to multiply with Deathfire if you wish. DFG is the best damage item for Morde, for certain. I have no idea why you reduced ult damage. The damage should be 450(base of Q+E) +100(AP scaling from Q+E)+502.5(DFG)+217.5(base % from ult)+30(AP scaling from ult) = 1300 exactly. If you get 2 ticks of ult and 2 of ignite, 2 ticks of W, that's 21.75 2+6(ult)+24 2+20 2(W)+62 2(ignite) = 239.752 damage. To a 1500 HP target, with 0 AP from runes of masteries, 0 auto-attacks, only a single cast of your E, where you can often get two, and only two seconds of ult and ignite that are likely to linger for more, and without a single attack from a team-mate who would usually contribute at least some AoE in a teamfight, you do enough raw damage to kill someone. In an actual game situation, they don't even always enter at full HP.   Also, I did not use 2000 HP math on 1500 HP target. Do not assume. My mistakes were Q scaling on total AD and DFG doing 35%. I never claimed to factor MR, in fact, I clearly stated "pre-mitigation damage" - I had left out so many factors, mentioned above, that would reduce your damage in a realistic situation that it was more than canceled out. Exact numbers were not as important as how much DFG totally dominates any other build for burst damage.   After DFG, Gunblade or Deathcap are viable build choices. Both provide decent burst. Lichbane at some point if you're able to get in melee range of decent targets.   Q is best maxed before W. W's armor/MR buff is really weak, why you'd ever put it on a decently positioned AD carry, I don't know. If you're in the middle of things, the cooldown change on Q is too valuable to give up for a bit of W damage. W has some good sustained damage via AP ratio, but Q scales better based off of its level.
1	I guess you could be correct.. But I have a color deficiency (color blindness) in the Red/green spectrum. I Think remember someone quoted as saying that 1 in 10 males have it.   Therefore the colors on Dota2 are ridiculously hard to see for anyone with the same affliction. The colors (for me) just merge into a sea of green and browns that I can't differentiate what is what. Add to that the Mostly RED and Deep Blue tonned Spell particles and I seriously can't see anything as the colors all merge together.   For me Greens and Browns look different to me. My wife tells me that I have trouble telling them apart from each other. And I have real trouble seeing Dark Blues on a screen also. Dark blues tend to look black to me, which in Dota2 makes them disappear for me. (minion are blue I think) Similar for the Deep magenta color.   So what I say is actually accurate. despite your immature protestations.   LoL on the other hand has a Colorblind mode which is just the best. But even before they had this the colors of LoL were much much much easier to see than Dota 2 for me. The whole color spectrum used was brighter and much much better IMHO. Clearer Crisper and amazing.   Dota2 has lots of bleeding edges (colors become transparent at the edges so makes it look really fuzzy) and , nighttime was almost impossible for me.   LoL didn't used to, but now has it creeping in to meet the requirements of China players as they are used to that sort of over the top graphics in their games.
0	Here's the thing. The "snitches get stiches" policy only applies to those involved in criminal activity. If you've been caught for something, and tell on someone else to lighten your own punishment, you are a snitch and subject to the punishments laid forth by the particular criminal subculture that you are a part of.   Regular, law abiding citizens are not subject to "snitches get stiches" because they have not subscribed to a criminal lifestyle. If a criminal victimizes an upstanding citizen, they have already fucked up and deserve to be told on. If a citizen witnesses a crime and reports it, they are not a snitch, they are a regular person doing the right thing.
1	17xx player here   i'd say that the # 1 tip I can give is this:   ALWAYS play to have fun, having fun goes before all. If you have fun while you're playing you'll probably see better results. I play to win ofc, but the moment I stop having fun in a game, I can literally see my mistakes piling up on me in the replay afterwards.   by having fun I mean it like this. If you take time to tell people what they should do, stop! just stop telling people what to, give zero fucks and try to have fun with your role at that moment. This have been working wonders for me and I'm sure that it goes for other people too if they dare to give it a try.
1	There was a feature I quite liked about a game which is dead now (so it obviously made mistakes) to help deal with some of these problems. They still had high IP costs and low gains, BUT after completing the tutorial they gave you two "free champion" passes. And the pool was quite small, so in LoL this would be closer to 10 passes. This game also lets you play ANY champion in bot games, so you can try out their kit, and get the ones you like for free.
0	Its freshman year, chill the fuck out man. Sure is good to be able to wake up early for the real world, but take it from a recent grad, worry about your overall happiness now (take the extra sleep and enjoy your slightly later classes) and I am pretty certain you will be able to reformat your sleep schedule in four years to whatever you want.
1	dyrus was left 1v2 in every game, meteos is 2 godlike in comparison to oddone which is minimal to C9's jungle gargantuan presence, was almost pitiful to watch the difference in skill between the junglers, everything else was even, and i'd say thats what made it (also better shotcalling from c9's side)
0	To expand, its a specific story to an alien race about two men who were stuck on an island and survived by cooperating to fight a monster and became bros for life through this experience. The statement basically means that they want to forge a friendship, to be like Darmok and Jalad when they were stranded on the island of Tanagra. The thing is that their language is all about metaphor and historical reference so communicating means being able to see the meaning beneath the story being referenced.
1	With nunu you buff irelia and azir's as so irelia can do more true dmg and azir can stab more with his soldiers. I havent seen the pick/ban but if they pick urgot/nunu first then azir then skt will find out that its gonna be azir mid. Its just like how uol trapped tsm when they saw the nunu picked with the corki. Theres only one mid laner who scales with ad and thats azir so they made a team that can succesfully kill/play around that azir.
1	Before you try to go back to ranked games, ask yourself this question; "Do I enjoy ranked."? If the answer is no, stop playing ranked. There are normal games where you won't have a meaningless arbitrary number to obsess over.   "when u are looking for a team or smt, "   There are ranked teams that are made up of players from all across the elo range. Whether you're 200 or 2000, there are teams for you. So, again, don't worry so much about it. There's a reason we say "don't care about your elo". It's because it's really not important.   If you really want to actually enjoy ranked games, you have to remember exactly what elo is. It's a number predicting your chance of winning against someone else with a different elo number. That's it. It says absolutely nothing else about you as a player, and no one but you cares what your elo is.
1	I never said he shouldn't be upset. I said (I guess implied) that he's a shitty public speaker. The reason Dignitas didn't put anyone on there may be that none of them can form a sentence and articulate a point. (I don't know that to be the case, I'm theorizing.) The guy they put on there could speak, was calm, even told Regi, "You're right about that," several times. He clearly felt that he was an authority on e-sports, but when you've been on the scene for 12 years, and some unheard of kid shows up and screams gay bro gay for a few days, I imagine you're not going to take him seriously.
1	This is bullshit imho. If you are serious as a team about winning stuff then you adapt and overcome things like this.   Either you invite teams from other regions to play against on a regular basis or you help up and comming teams to get some practice. Or you solve this some other way.   Lets just be honest. Na teams suck because they are lazy and doesn't have the will to win. They are comfortable streaming a bit once in a while, get a few sponsors and live the good life. Same as for example Ocelot.
1	Maybe you skipped...idk my whole entire post.   Riot created and pushed Dominion onto us, as they thought it was a cool idea/twist. Obviously it was COOL AT FIRST but died after the cool feeling went away.   WE, THE PLAYERS, created ARAM; Riot just compromised to meet our desire for the map. ARAM has been around since the original MOBA, dota, therefore the "community that plays it" is much larger than anything else besides the map that the game revolves around.
1	I used to enjoy watching Phantom's stream but it's a simple fact he rages and flames way too much.  I've seen him argue for strange picks at champ select and demanding picks, while his teammates are picking  in  order and following the standard meta.   Then he'll pick anything he wants and instructs his "student" to do the same because "Hey, I'm fucking phantom lord and I'm giving this dude lessons, and you guys are fucking lucky to have us carry you.  Now let me put on a Seether song and have my goatee carry you."  Only to get out-laned and blame his teammates.   When it goes well sure it's fun to watch sometimes, but when it doesn't you should prepare yourself to hear excuses the whole time regardless of who's fault it is and that's where the frustration comes in for me while Im watching.
0	You just check for it... If it's not there read.  Usually I read the whole post because the
0	This isn't exactly about buying anything embarrassing. Anyway though, a while back when I had just received my license I would stop at a gas station every morning before school to get coffee. I never really talked to the cashiers or any of the employees but they were used to me and knew my face and all. Well, one morning I was running behind and I was still very tired. Instead of just going on to school and skipping the coffee like I should have I rushed to get the coffee. I arrived at the gas station and quickly pulled into parking spot next to a car. When I did though I scraped the side of the car on my right. Well, here's mistake number 2. I fucking panicked and ran inside and got my coffee and then went to school. I didn't say anything to anyone about it and didn't ask anyone who owned the car; I just left. It didn't do much damage to my car so it wasn't that noticeable to anyone. I live in a small town and most everyone knows me and knows my car due to it being such a unique color (grabber blue). So when the owner of the car saw the blue streak I left down the side of her car she called the police and reported a hit and run. She didn't know my car though, but the police did because I was dating a girl whose mother worked at the police station at the time and I frequented the police station due to that. Well, that day at school they were supposed to be calling guys to the office to check people's cell phones because there was some vulgar picture of an underaged girl going around at the time (I had never seen it but I was expecting to be called anyway). Well they call me to the office and there's a police officer waiting on me. I go in and sit down and he asked me if we could go take a look at my car. At that moment I shit myself. I knew he knew. I went out to my car and I admitted what I had done. He arrested me even though he didn't want to and took me to that gas station. Turns out the woman who owned the car was the district manager for the gas station. I had to talk to the woman and every employee in there was looking at me. I apologized and explained everything to her. She was pretty mad but agreed not to press charges if I paid for the damages. I arrived back at school and everyone already knew I had been arrested because some girl who's dad is a cop got to school late and told everyone she heard my name over the scanner. People were astonished because I had never even come close to breaking the law before. It was the most embarrassing day of my life and I am still too embarrassed to go that gas station and buy anything again. Because, yes, they do remember and care.
1	I have a problem with kassadin: I win my lane everytime, getting to the point where I can 1 vs 1 everybody on the enemy team. But when i get to mid/late game, i can't do nothing in teamfights. I think I have only won 2 or 3 games with him destroying the enemy nexus, and that's because I have someone who's also carrying. His teamfight power or at least, the way that I use him during teamfights his bad. Can someone give me tips on how to improve?
1	No see, you are here bashing on someone who just started a new job. I wouldnt have said shit if you provided some constructive critizism, instead you just just bash him. Its not so nice to throw words like "retard" and "prick" around, especially when you are being as hypocritical as you are. You opinion doesnt really matter btw, you dont decide weather he stays casting, or if he gets a paycheck, riot does. And if you think all the whining you guys do about him will change that, just take a look at what all the skarner re-work whiners got for their troubles... Not a damn thing.
1	With all respect, that is a terrible idea. In my 1500+ games I only witnessed a similar situation once or twice. Also people with bad connection would spam this while the problem is with them. Don't you think this is too specific to make a whole report function for?
1	Speaking for myself (and as someone who has also spent no money on LoL), I have thought about it.  In the end, I never follow through the process.  I've got a couple of reasons for this:   1)  I am cheap.  I do not like to spend money on a free game if I can fully enjoy it without the extra cash.  I am an out of town student who simply does not have the resources to spend extra money on a game I already enjoy for free.  The skins I would want to buy (Nunu Bot, Gentleman Cho'Gath, Brolaf, etc.) are around $13.00 (calculated through the $20.00 amount which is what I would buy), and that is just a bit too much for me.   2) The champions simply cost too much.  The only champs I would buy would be the 6300 ones that take forever to earn through IP.  Using the above calculations, they are around $7.00.  That is simply too much money for me to justify at this time.  I would have most likely bought the collector's pack, except by the time I knew about it I had already bought most of the champs it provided through IP.  If they lowered the prices for the champs, I would probably go in and buy them.   3) So far, I have not seen an item in store that I absolutely had to have.  There are some items I think would be cool to have, but nothing so far that I saw and just knew I had to buy.   4) It is a bit of a contest with myself.  My thought is that if I was going to start buying large amounts of IP, I could have just bought another game, had access to all the content, and had fun there.   In short, if I could buy the game (i.e. a realistic dollar amount for all current and future champions, etc.) I would do it in a heartbeat provided it went into things like observer mode, server upgrades, a timed pause, etc.  Since it is free, however, and all I see is more champions coming out without the hardware upgrades that would make the game closer to what I would expect if I outright bought a game, I am fine with playing for free.
1	Ehm...I don't know to put this.I had a 6 month expirience to League and I got placed to Silver IV.I had to drop lol for a month for the crap I was getting in ranked (And normals),and go over a 700 normal games to be able to singehandedly carry my self to Gold.I play in EUNE.   This may sound harsh or hard on you,but sincerely,I dispute the 89% of the Silver/Bronze community just because they are just a bunch of spoiled brats who are way too fed up to look on their own mistakes and are always looking for mistakes on others to blame their own failure. The rest of 1% can have my advice,my insight or whatever I have to offer to make them better and get them out of there. But sincerely,as a former silver player that spent a lot of time in there,I just hope you rot in there cause you DESERVE to be there,and I have the freaking right to look down on you as much as I want cause,yes in my eyes,you are trash. Some people actually spend time and resources to improve.While all you do is ramble how your teams suck and OTHERS are trash.
1	Why does this commentrow look like an extract from soloQ-chat? d_d   You won't get your point across by replying with "Haters gonna HATE! ;)". Give a legitimate answer.   Neither will you be taken serious when challenging him to "do x to prove y" in a verbal arguement.
1	I am stuck in Bronze, I won like 7/10 of my placement matches while my Silver cousin had only won 4/10. I was doing great until I lost my promo because I had a game wit ha leaver and a game with a feeder. Since then I am on a massive losing streak, in which I am getting put with and against Golds and Silvers. I think the whole ranking system is fucked up and needs to be fixed.
0	My boyfriend often uses emoticons when he posts messages, especially the kitty face. Not just with me either, he does it with everyone who isn't a work colleague. I find it appealing because it means he's not afraid of not looking manly. Respect right there.
0	I'm sorry about your friend, my school had to go through it about 4 years ago and most of the people that attended his funeral were saying how best of friends they were when they barely talked to him as much as i did. Modern Warfare 2 every week with him, talking about random shit, it might not have been as much as some other kids but i think it's reasonable to say that I was more of friends with him than most of those kids that said that they were his bestfriend or something along those lines.
1	As a guy who has BPD and plays this game since it went out of beta, I can completely understand your anger about this.   I don't mind people being cocky or mad cause something doesnt suit them. I mean, everyone wants to show others that he is 'better' or simply gets mad at someone. It's natural.   The thing that I mind, and I can completely confirm what you said, is that whole Isdue with people telling others to do such things like commiting suicide. That People simply dont think about someone else's mentality, or even a mental disease. PEOPLE FOLLOWED THOSE CALLS ALREADY.   To the people who said that already, think about what you're saying. Be mad. Be cocky. Nobody minds that. But please dont send people into.. well. Maybe their death.
0	Have you listened to more than ten rappers? If we're talking actual rapping skill I wouldn't put him in any top list. Okay, yes the Marshall mathers and slim shady lp were good. But honestly? Past that its just ahh boohoo I have too much money and got addicted to painkillers aaa my life is so bad I have to sacrifice a few months out of the year to go make millions of dollars and I can't see my daughter every waking moment. He's insanely overrated and really only gets so much love because he's white and WASPs can say he raps "real shit" not like those other shitheads on the radio when in reality, the people that diss weezy, kanye, etc know jack shit about hip hop.
0	First of all you owe society a fuckload, stop saying "what has society done for me". Try going to the forest and living there, completely alone, for 6 months, then come back and tell me what society isn't giving you. Just because we don't notice the air we breathe doesn't mean we don't need it.   That might have come off a little aggresive, my point is, you owe society for membership. There are implicit agreements that are fundamental to how our society works, and marriage is one of those.   Marriage is so much more about how everyone relates to the couple than how the couple relate to each other. Once a couple marries everyone treats them as a couple, including church (which does a grandiose ceremony with a lot of meaning), state (who does it through bureaucracy and taxes) and even random strangers (who get to see a ring on a finger). Marriage is very much about you telling society to treat you like a couple.   Now because we want marriage to be meaningful we actually put a lot of benefits into marriage. Marriage can be used to abuse a lot of stuff (see marrying for money and such). Divorce only makes it even easier (because you can undo the marriage). Society would have to pay for this marriage misdeeds, and that doesn't sound reasonable at all.   So mechanisms where created, and refined, to guarantee that people couldn't just use marriages for their benefit and then divorced. A person could force another into a relationship because if they divorced the victim would not win anything. People would divorce their family and run away when things got hard (because at least they wouldn't have to pay for them). It sounds exaggerated, but this are problems we have now, even with this deterrents.   So we have systems like alimony and child payment. People abuse them, but it could be worse. But what happens when we have the case that the maintained person was a bitch that cheated on you and was just in it for the money? Well, that is something you should have though about. But what if this person wasn't like that at first? Well the sad thing is they never are, in reality most of the time people didn't want to see it. In the case that your SO changed so much due to illness, or disease, well marriage vows do have specification for that case, so if anything it should be limited as much as possible.
1	Please do some voice over a for her. And some skits? Also maybe
1	They are better at an individual level, but inferior in rotating, gameplans and warding (all 3 of which are obviously connected). In the past, players from the east used to be way way better mechanicly and won games off of that, but now NA/EU players can hold up in 1v1s/2v2s (not beat them, but still) and then outrotate them.   Also, chinese teamfighting sucks. At least SHRCs and OMGs, EDG is usually really good. The myth that chinese teamfighting is good is just plain wrong, they are just individually so good that they see "everything" and always react right... just applying logic: How are 3 chinese and 2 korean players supposed to communicate well, especially in stressed out situations like teamfights?
1	solo queue tier list or not, its all bullshit. A good varus can destroy lucian or twitch and vice versa. I understand that it just might be his opinion but if popular streamers start putting out tier lists, lots of champs will just go to death because people will only play the hip ones instead of trying other champs.  And guess what the %winrate of tier 3 adcs[according to gosu] are in SOLOQ? 50%+ . I rest my case, player>champion.
1	One small thing: dorans blades are better now early game due to them giving +5 hp per attack/hit instead of +3% lifesteal. But thats the bad thing also. +5hp per hit per dorans is better early game but falls of way faster now. Lifesteal, speak: percentage heal, scales way better the later the game goes. So 2 would reduce the cost effectiveness of your build from midgame on very hard.
1	I believe you have answered your own question, no?   Both Broodwar and Warcraft3 have a mechanic that gives an advantage on high ground. Meaning, they reward you for better positioning. How they implemented it is a design choice: it doesn't have to be random. Or if it is random, players should feel justified being hit by it.   My theory of the reason behind RNG is because many games are designed with players VS AIs in mind. Randomness helps bring challenge of overpowered but stupid AIs as they are incapable of making mistake. RNG is what makes bosses in JRPG bosses, even more so in MMORPG.   On crit every X attacks, I meant like Yi or Annie passive. Riot could've make them 20% chance of causing stun (like Ogre Magi in DotA), but they went with another direction, and that more or less reflect their design choices.
1	I have never once been raged at for what I build or play. More often than not it's an issue of how you are playing and people will call you out if its not working. You start stacking BTs on lissandra and feed horribly and people probably won't like that. Every player in this game likes to point fingers at someone else for why they are losing. If you happen to be building something really strange and aren't doing well because of it, 9/10 times they'll point at you.
0	I actually had this happen to me at a place I used to work at. A couple of girls threw parties for everyone else and promised that they would give me one for mine (which was two days later) My birthday swings around and not a thing. Not a word. Nothing.   I just let it go until another girl's birthday rolled around and they brought cake to work, etc. I asked why I didn't have anything for my birthday. One of the girls lied and said "we didn't know". I quickly reminded her that she mentioned it on facebook and said she would.   I quickly got the hint that I was welcome into their little clique and left that place.
1	Sit next to her and it'll be so easy to teach, i've taught/introduced plenty of my friends to League of legends (both guys and girls) what I've noticed is people really get into the game and learn how to play it if you sit next to them, or show them how to play, both guys and girls adapt and learn at the same rate, no black magic required.   I went over to a friends house who only played 4-ish games and is very new to Moba games, somethings some one has to see to know how to do, he'd click very slowly and click his spells, didn't know a few things (not that it's a bad thing, everyone starts some where, don't laugh at her) Once he saw how i held my hand over the keyboard, how many times i'd click to issue a move, how i'd use my spells, i'd tell him what i was thinking as i was playing from what i could see in my screen, it gets a lot easier, i tried to teach a few people over skype, it's pretty hard, telling them what moves and how to use it.
0	This happened to me, when I was 13, the girls were all 10-12. I was at my grandparents' house in Poland, and I noticed lots of girls kept coming over to hang out with us. My cousin, age 10, later told me it was because they all had a crush on either me or my brother.  We also played tons of Minecraft, and a few of the girls ended up buying their own accounts.
1	Me and my cousin queued up for a rank game after a night out.  It was one of those nights that are mostly black in ur memory.  I don't remember much, but i do remember i got my ass wooped by a karma toplane.  At one point she was lvl 12 when i was still 2.
0	I don't get the whole "my vote doesn't count" thing. Local elections have huge potential to affect your life, and even just narrowing the gap between parties may cause future candidates to compromise on issues to gain votes. Voting 3rd party isn't throwing away your vote, its voicing your opinion that more than 2 parties should exist. Its going to take a lot of people with this attitude if we ever want more than the 2 party system. Not voting perpetuates the notion that your state is red r blue, and doesn't need to be campaigned in.   /end rant
0	So while I think that this person is a GGG in her life, I don't think that makes someone who doesn't choose to do this a Scumbag Stacy, or even just regular.  Each decision when it comes to pregnancy, especially pregnancy and cancer (and a whole host of other illnesses) is complicated and personal and is going to be different for each person.   Some people are going to do what this person did and risk their life in an effort to save the life of their child.  This has both pros and cons, and those cons are very heavy, but for some people the pro (their child living) is worth it.   Other people will think about the cons and value them more heavily.  Does that make them a shitty person? I don't think so at all.  I think they are doing exactly what they need to do.  Maybe it isn't worth it to them to have a child who will grow up without a mother.  I think we have this instinct that a woman is somehow required to value her baby's life more than her own, and I think we should question that.
0	How about don't provide legal insight online?   I'm getting the vibe that you're quite full of yourself based on this comment.   I'd also like to say that you have no more merit here than /u/potatoisfruit. Anyone can pull up a webpage and type some random bullshit.   I'll get my legal insight in person, thanks.
0	Well....they are both Democrat, you have that. BUT, as everyone else has stated the New Deal programs did nearly nothing and WW2 increased production which raised us out of the depression. To be fair, Obama has much less support and time and so it's virtually impossible for him to push through significant long-lasting legislation. In truth, they are just not comparable nor does your meme even hold a complete truth. I do relinquish though that FDR, unlike Wilson, played some part in arming America prior to our imminent involvement in the war. (Though Wilson faced massive opposition to war-involvement and was elected on a promise to stay out of war so it's not entirely comparable)
1	Hello iwearcr0wns, thanks for reaching out to us!   Have you taken a look around General Discussion lately? There are TONS of threads about this particular subject. As a courtesy to the rest of our community we try not to split conversations up into multiple threads, so I won't be able to give in-depth answers to these questions here.   Take a look in General Discussion and contribute your voice to the existing threads!   -The Beard
1	oh yeah? sounds more like you're jealous of a measly $160   >there are hundreds of people trying to start up their own streams and channels   perhaps they should HUSTLE HARDER and try to stand out instead of having fuckboys white knight for them on the internet.
0	haha no you're a heterosexual male human for wanting that.   telling the internet in the frustrated picard meme you want anonymous instantaneous physical interaction with chicks who post on gw is what makes you a pervert.
0	I'm not agreeing with anything that king is saying, but to say that women aren't allowed to lust tends to be more of a perception thing. I could list countless women in my life and in general that show attraction to a guy. 50 shades of grey, magic mike, sex in the city... at this point how much or little lust a girl shows is up to her.   And yeah, we can debate for hours about whether or not society approves or disapproves, but it will all come back to anecdotes that lean both ways.   Maybe you see more oppression than I do, but anymore I'd say it's just as wrong to  assert that there is any notable inequality, leaning either way.   I guess what I'm saying is that now when people are sexually oppressed it's more of a personal thing than ALL of society. If one group or person is making a woman feel like her sexuality is something to be ashamed of,  which I KNOW still happens,  then it if that group that needs to be discussed, and preferably changed. To see one blatant act of misogyny and then blame society as a whole for enabling it shifts blame from those who truly deserve it.   to say that  one action, ANY one action is "socially" acceptable or unacceptable is a dangerous assertion to make because unless an overwhelming majority agrees, then it is sub sects that truly define it. One sect may praise you while another curses your very body. There are some who would agree with king, who are misogynistic, but THEY do not speak for society. Any person who truly believes"society" demonized a woman for her sexuality is wrong because society as a whole would never find a consensus on such an issue.   So in the future, remember that a person who is oppressed by society is not truly oppressed by society, rather by the society they know. Simply moving or changing the society they interact with can create our remove that oppression   For example, the friends who doing partake in self gratification. I know it is the people in their loves who made it that way. THEIR lives. Stop asserting it was ALL of society who did this, it was the people who they had contact with, their PART of society.
0	My son has some Megaman collection for the 360 that someone bought him a while ago.  He just busted it out last week to start playing it and it's hysterical how frustrated he is.  To his credit, he refuses to give up, but my wife and I were in the kitchen just the other night making supper and all we could hear ever minute or so was some exclamation of frustration from my son in the living room as Megaman kicked his ass.
0	I remember back in 2004 I started a Software Engineering Degree. Took a Java Introductory Class. It all made sense to me, and wrote some really basic programs. Sort of. I followed the textbook pretty much letter for letter, but nothing ever ended up compiling. I had no idea why, and didn't particularly care. I guess it was a sign that it wasn't really meant to be what I was doing, especially since my class mates would write almost the exact same thing and theirs worked fine. I ended up getting a 12 for the class - the lowest I've ever scored in anything! Saw a careers counselor who suggested giving the humanities a go. Changed degree the next year and had 3 of the best years of my life, drinking in the tav, going to class half drunk, winging assignments. Yes I probably could have made more money had I studied harder in software engineering, but you'd be surprised how well community services pay as well.
1	My name is Tiffany too...and my boyfriend is the reason why I got hooked into playing League of Legends.  I don't like cursing much but playing this gosh darned game...it turns me into a different person.  u_u;; So we're both screaming at our laptops at our team for not understanding how to play/defend or any other number of things they seem completely oblivious to.  This game turns you into a monster...x-x it really does.
0	I guess it boils down to how it's handled with the kids before, during, and after the divorce. Any parent that's considering divorce to already divorced, I suggest you read a small taste of my life and consider the potential outcome of your actions before you do them.   My parents divorced when I was 10. Before the divorce I was asked which parent I would rather live with; this translated as "which parent do you love more" to my 9yo mind and was the seed of my depression and suicidal thoughts for years. I told them I loved them equally and wanted to live with both. Thus they had joint custody of me and I live with each parent one week at a time. Two sets of everything from game consoles to clothes in my different rooms.   During the divorce, things foreshadowed how horrible both my parents truly were. I was the unwilling tool of their vengeance to the point that they actually forgot about the need to enroll me in school. After the abuse I got at public school and begging my parents to not go back to that particular school, my dad decided to find a private school. It was so late in the game that there was only one school willing to take me and they were on another island. Of course my mom considered this kidnapping even though my dad got the legal part sorted out. So my mom tried to kidnap me back; police had to be called to my school, I missed class, and my new classmates were a bit distant after the unusual commotion.   After the divorce was a personal Hell. Both my parents are narcissists (/r/raisedbynarcissists) and I was the center of their spite for each other. I came real close to committing suicide many times. Of the times when I was 10 holding a knife to my chest, the only thing that stopped me from doing it was the thought of how sad it would make my parents. For a while that's what stopped me when I was moments away from ending it; eventually it changed into a mental block and I am unable to intentionally harm myself. I knew the depression and suicidal thoughts were not normal and asked for help from my parents. Being the narcissists they are, they chose to ignore my requests much like they ignored my ADD diagnosis when I was 6. The best that I can gather is they're embarrassed by it and would rather go on like it didn't exist. My requests became please and those please went on for years until I was 17.   I endured my sentence of changing homes every week. They fought over everything down to the clothes on my back. I recall being enrolled into another school as the last one had a racist teacher/principal; this was a small school with some of the teachers living on property and my parents ended up in a screaming match in the parking lot before meeting the principal. I was used as their method of getting back at each other.   In addition to being one of their weapons, they also took out their anger on me with mentall abuse. This is far worse than physical IMHO. No one on the outside will ever have solid evidence of the abuse and most people wouldn't clue in anyways. My father put me down regularly and at times made fun of me. I could never do anything right with zero praise when I did. My dad sing my praises to his friends, but I couldn't believe it when I heard about it from them. My mother was worse with the constant lies and manipulation; I never knew what to expect from her and whether to believe her. The phrase "I have a surprise for you" has special meaning with me and immediately puts me on guard. My father occasionally would talk bad about my mom, but he did acknowledge that it wasn't right. My mother on the other hand would go on for hours talking shit about my dad with some truth and with lies. There was other fucked up shit she did, but I don't want to go there.   After five years of my sentence, I told them that I wanted to switch to two weeks instead of one. That provided a little bit of relief. After I graduated from HS, I told them that this living arrangement was over and I chose "which parent I wanted to live with". I took the lesser of the two evils and there I at least had a little more freedom.   I'm in my early 30s now, but the scars are still there. I am low contact with my parents and have no qualms about taking a restraining order out on them if necessary. My parents do not get to be around my offspring without supervision and I have been known to pull my child from their arms and correct them (my parents) when they start talking out of line. Think about that from my parents' point of view; their son that they think they raised well doesn't want to have anything to do with them and would rather not they see their grandchildren.   This is a small insight. There was so much they did that should never be done to a child. I wouldn't wish my childhood on my worst enemy, but I do recognize it made me a better person. Still, it doesn't make it right.
0	This is a throwaway; I don't care about karma.  Been on this site for 3 years, and every time I try to bring up a dissenting opinion regarding abortion and women's reproductive rights, even though I try to be cordial and not bring up religion or moral based argument, I'm downvoted to hell with terrible responses about how I'm stupid and a misogynist and more.  So I'm doing this mainly to get a dialog going.   I'm not against women being in charge of the reproductive rights when the decision wasn't in their control (rape, incest), etc.  People are quick to tout the "but what about rape and incest you terrible monster!", but abortions in those instances only account for less than 1%.   I don't get how people don't see that sex, in its natural biological function, is meant for procreation.  Babies.  People act surprised when they get pregnant, like it's some big tragedy they had nothing to do with.  How the hell do you not know that you could get pregnant by having sex?  That's what sex, in its millions of years of evolution, is designed to do!   Even people who use the excuse that they used birth control I still don't understand.  Maybe if P/V were the only source of sexual relief, I could understand it better, but the human body has so many orifices, cavities, protrusions, and erogenous zones that there are dozens if not more ways to get your rocks off without having a penis inside a vagina.   BTW, if you think my meme is just about women's rights, you're mistaken.  I think if a guy doesn't want to knock up someone, he shouldn't have P/V sex, but it happens that the man's role/responsibility in abortions is severely downplayed, so I focused on women's reproductive rights.   Furthemore, I see people always fall back to the "so you want a poor woman to unwillingly have a kid, and probably resent it for the rest of its life and it'll be terrible blah blah", but few ever think of the third option besides keep or destroy: adoption.  There are SO MANY charitable organizations out there that will help a mother go through giving up a child for adoption, and this goes in the way of assistance with pregnancy costs, work time lost, doctor visits, etc.  There are more people looking to adopt in the US and Canada alone than there are children to adopt.
1	I would think it's to avoid the world of warcraft battleground issue, where people edit their game files so that they run out of base way before everyone has loaded. Imagine you team was the slow loading and you run into jungle just to find 5 players waiting for you. Obviously you will say "then ban those who do it"... You just end up creating more responcibility than benefit, which riot will avoid.
0	As most of you know it is legal in the Netherlands . And i have seen both sides of the story , the one where there is alot of deterioration and the other where the life was ended because of fear of the deterioration .1 was my grandmother on my fathers side who was very religious and had cancer everywhere inside her body basicly .She didnt want to euthanise and ive never witnessed such a gruesome and heartbreaking thing of her last days in bed in my life .THe other 2 persons (my father and grandmother) actually did opt for the euthenasia  and they got to spend the last good days with their family say their goodbyes and when the pain got to much the doctor would give them the morphine .Now dont think that this was easy the doctors have very strict rules about this and the patient has to undergo certain requirements b4 he/she can be euthanised .This is a subject wich i think is another good example of how people get screwed over by religions its a much better option in most cases because it doesnt just safe the dying alot of pain but also for the people who actually need to witness their loved ones in bed .
0	You kids had everything man, I had a 48k spectrum and thought I was the shit because my best friend only had a 16k spectrum. He later got a rampack to bring it up to 48k. We both felt sorry for the poor guy in our class that had a ZX81, that was a 1k machine.
0	I haven't seen many episodes of Pawns Stars but the ones I have seen it has a lot of historical context with all the stuff they buy, sure there is some random shit at times but every item they give a brief history on it or the person to whom the item relates to.   I would rather see one 30 minute show and learn about a model T car or a 200 year old gun or a relic once owned by a very famous/influential person than watch a two hour long documentary on one topic that puts me to sleep  or bores me to the point of changing the channel.
0	That is simply not true. According to this chart from Guttmacher, the column listing points after which abortion is prohibited "except in cases of life or health endangerment," lists most states at 20 weeks, 24 weeks, or "viability." Iowa, South Carolina, and Virginia are listed at 3rd trimester, so 27/28 weeks.   It should also be noted that "health" can sometimes have an extremely broad definition. Doe vs Bolton, the companion case to Roe, ruled that medical judgement on whether abortion is necessary could be exercised in light of "all factors-physical, emotional, psychological, familial, and the woman's age." There's a video of late term abortionist Leroy Carhart where he's talking to an abortion client (actually an undercover investigator) who is 26 weeks pregnant and even though it's expressly stated that nothing is wrong with the baby and the only reason given is "this is what I wanna do," he says they can go up to 28 weeks in his Maryland clinic. (Maryland is listed at "viability," which is 24ish weeks, though potentially as early as 22.)   Maryland, along with Utah, also has an exception for "fetal abnormality." A young woman was sadly killed, along with her child who had a seizure disorder or some sort, not long ago in Maryland following a botched abortion at 33 weeks.   Regardless, and I know much of Reddit won't like this, I believe that whether or not we can kill a human being is not dependent on that human's age, size, appearance, or abilities. No matter what age, the child in the womb is the exact same human individual as she will be later on, simply at an earlier or later point in her own growth and development. Just as a toddler is at a later point in growth and development, and is much more aware and rational, than a newborn. But a toddler is not more of a person than a newborn for those reasons. Unplanned pregnancy is difficult, yes, and often frightening, and we need to reach out to women  and men experiencing it with practical support and resources, adoption information, financial assistance, and compassion-before and after the birth of the child. The solution to a crisis pregnancy is that we come alongside women and work to eliminate the crisis....not the child.
1	Roy Hibbert was one of the reasons why Pacers had such an amazing record on the first half of the season. Went on to play like shit up to the point of having a 0 point 0 rebound game on the playoffs in 18  minutes of play, for example.
1	That's already been dealt with though.  The point of this post now is the fact that Riot is basically removing ALL importance of mid game.  I've noticed that it is a bit frustrating to be supporting an ADC, we win lane really hard, but then after shutting them down to like, 1/9 or something, they come back because my team accidentally gets caught or something.  I'm not okay with the fact that we COULDN'T come back at all before these changes, but I also feel like if they remove the importance of early game completely, then what's the point of playing the early game champions like LeBlanc?   I really like the idea behind Riot wanting to stop snowballing, but nerfing early game to the point where it doesn't matter isn't the way to go about it in my opinion.  When you can just turtle the game out for 50+ minutes and still win even though the enemy team is 15k gold ahead and 20+ kills ahead of you, it's not right.  Snowballing does have a place in LoL, however not like it did before.   I think that in order for snowballing to work right, is that if you win laning phase, good for you, they can still come back.  However, if you win 9/10 team fights, the other team shouldn't have the ability to win just by turtling everything out.  It's ridiculous at that point, because if you literally get  that  far ahead, but they still win because they had more tanks to turtle out the team fights or sieges, I don't feel like that's a good idea.
1	Its kinda funny. In normal games, I prefer to not berate others for doing poorly, instead I'd rather offer build tips and lane switches. Typically, I expect the same treatment. However, when someone on my team starts to blame the others (or me) for giving the opposing team an advantage, I immediately start playing poorly, retracting assistance from that particular player, stealing his buffs, etc. I think of myself as an asshole for this, but my policy is such that the more you QQ, the less inclined I am to help you. This is especially true for carries and other high K/D players. I understand that you can do your job well, but when you insult everyone else on your team for "feeding" or "not helping," it makes all of us dislike you and I for one, would rather take a loss than give up my dignity.
1	Oh my Diana. I play Diana very often in ranked. Definitely the champion I am most comfortable on and I have to disagree with her "underpowered" title people are giving her. So here are some things I've noticed. Diana is a champion I instalock first pick because I am confident I will not lose lane. She is VERY weak in lane though so why am I confident? Let me tell you how I survive laning phase and win the game. So to start Diana despite being weak still dishes out damage when put behind. I sit in lane and when against a ranged Laner who is strong I max q and last hit with that. When I face a melee assassin I will max w because they underestimate not only its damage but its shield when they try and go in for the kill. I never feed in lane because I just understand her kit so well. I don't always win lane but I definitely don't feed. My next point is the ridiculous power spike at level 6. You can 1v1 almost any lane at lvl 6. She deals tons of damage through her q r combo. Diana becomes deceptively strong when she grabs an abyssal or zhonyas depending on which you rush and can assassinate any squishy. The only problem she has is in team fights. If you mess up and miss q you are useless for about 5 seconds and that can decide a fight. But that is why she is high risk high reward. If you can learn this champion and learn to survive lane she can carry games very well. I do disagree with people who think she is underpowered and I would love for her to be kept the same. She needs no buff in my opinion.
0	Calling OP's statement 'not funny' isn't a fact, it's opinion.   And as a white, heterosexual English-speaking male (the people feminists are trying to gain equal treatment from) - the angrier you get, the less we're inclined to give you what you want.   Because we're the ones with the power, the higher wages, and we're the ones that do the oppressing. To get rid of that oppressing you have to make a reasonable case and appeal to our sense of fairness. Getting angry just makes you easier to write off as a lesbian, a feminazi, a misandrist, a bra-burner, all that radical flung-out scary stuff. As soon as that happens - BAM - ignored.   If you sat down, talked calmly, discussed options and made reasonable arguments, you would get results quicker.   And don't say 'how dare you deign to tell us that the power is YOURS to give, it should belong to everyone' - because there's no such thing as 'should' in a matter like this. There's no higher authority to appeal to, there's just the most powerful group. And that's my demographic.
0	I walked into my parents room once asking to borrow the car (few months before I moved out), and heard Yes, thinking it's an answer for the door, it wasn't.   My father then proceeds to laugh, and yell out, "HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT HUH!??!", then told his whole office, and they made a poster about walking into your parents having sex (Graphics Design company).   Most scaring incident of my life, not to mention the constant reminder that every time I go over I see this poster, framed on the wall.
1	Sona is the easiest to play, but hard to master because of utilizing her passive. If you want more damage, max q, if you want more sustain, max her heal first.  Try to use her Q + autoattack when damage boosted combo in lane, but just be careful of her early low health.   Janna is one of the safest supports, but can go full aggressive with a good tornado.  Shield the ADC when enemies try to poke, to reduce the amount traded. Shield turrets when waiting for ADC to come back to lane. Max your sheild, followed by your slow first. If you hit a tornado, immediately follow up with your slow and shield the adc for extra damage when they go in to trade.  In team fights or in lane, use your ult to completely nullify hard engages.   Lulu is my favorite, I main her (obviously) and love everything about her in lane. With Lulu you have to poke, or you are waisting her. I pick up that mana regen pendant, three wards, two hp pots, and a mana pot. Use your E + Q to harass early, and KEEP DOING it, eventually they will be widdled down and forced to back, or stay and die. This takes a lot of mana, which is what the mana potion is for. After you are out of biscuit and mana potion, try to poke less, but the point is to win early by using your mana greedily.  I can't count how many times the adc felt safe under tower, and I would speed boost myself with w, E them, then Q them after getting out of tower range for a kill.  A lot of people underestimate Lulu's early damage.  But if you are going up against a lane that can out-poke you, just play her more like janna and shield your adc in trades and use your w to disengage (one enemy or on your adc when appropriate).  Her ult is pretty self-explanatory.   Alistar is easier than people let on.  If you're up against a poke lane, just max heal and wait for flash to be up. IF you know the enemy adc doesn't have flash, or just wasted their escape. (LIke ez arcane shifted to last hit, or cait was derping around and netted to get closer to you're adc to trade) flash onto the ADC, run through them, then headbut them back away from their support and closer to your adc. Its almost an instant kill.  Ali is there to help your adc snowball, but you gotta risk it to get the biscuit. In team fights, use your combo on the enemy adc, then focus on peeling for your adc, because alistar is a worthless cow after his combo is over due to his high cooldowns.   Thresh, there's a reason he is banned still. Here's how I play thresh and I find is successful. If you get a lucky hook, follow up on it for sure, but people have been getting smarter and picking lanes with alistar or leono to try and counter thresh. The most important thing to remember with him in lane is be a dick with his flay passive. Evrery time it gets maxed out, auto attack their adc when they come up to last hit, or their support if you cant reach the adc. It does so much damage that I take so many kills by auto attacking when trading that I dont even mean to take.   Leona is said by many to be the best soloqueue support, but I tend to disagree. Her engages need to be followed up on because her passive is completely worthless without a teammate, and the jungler needs to take advantage of her heavy cc for her to be effective.  Sometimes in solo queue, you are not that lucky to have teammates like that.  After the creep wave pushes, start your W, E onto the adc, Q them, then stick. It's pretty simple, and everyone knows how to do it so i"m not gonna focus on that. What you have to remember with Leona is she can be very squishy without her W up, so once again this requiures teammates who know that about her for her to be effective. What I mean is, when you engage their adc, your adc will engage usually using their gapclosers to get closer. When your W wears off and explodes, thats usually a good time to call the trade finished and take your advantage when you have it and wait for the next enagage. ADCs, at least in the lower leagues where you will be starting, don't accept anything less than a kill and will stay in the fight, forcing you to try and protect them. But since your W is down, and stuns are down, and leona does about as much damage as blowing air into someone's ear with her auto attack, you can expect to die.
0	I'd disagree with you. It's very hard to learn how to drive a car in a classroom, and very easy to learn how to drive a car in a car. You've got tactile feedback from the steering wheel, pedals, and gear shifter. You can feel the motion of the car around you, and how it responds to those controls. And every car is a different. It takes a little while to get used to how the car responds. Once you've driven a wider variety of cars it gets easier to adapt, but I bet if you've only driven one car, if you try another one that's significantly larger or smaller, or more or less powerful, it's going to feel foreign and uncomfortable for a little bit. You've got a whole lot of time to become comfortable with the physical operation of your car, but the classroom is the best time for you to become familiar with the rules of the road. Concepts like right of way can be confusing, and driver's ed is your one opportunity to ask questions to someone who knows the right answers about the rules of the road.
1	Genuine"?   Why would that matter?  PhantomL0rd is an entertainer, and LoL/eSports is an entertainment industry.   Personally, I'm pretty new to the scene and have no idea about the whole cried on stream thing.  If he came across as a douche to you, then by all means just turn him off and don't watch him.  But to berate him for being a "dramaqueen" suggests a failure of understanding regarding what it means to be an entertainer -after all, drama IS entertainment to the majority of people.   Drama can be created any number of ways -by having extremely high level/high stakes matches, by emotionally investing the audience in the personal story of a player or team, or by painting pictures of some players as good guys and others as villains.   For players who make the majority of their income through streaming (as opposed to salaried players living on sponsorship/winnings), providing audience entertainment is a number 1 priority.  Somehow, you need to make your audience care about you, or find you funny, or find you informative.  It doesn't matter how you do it, but you need a draw.  This is what allows players like Destiny (even though he is currently not top tier) to remain as a popular streamer.  If they use their   PhantomL0rd clearly buys into this philosophy -his rages/emotional outbursts are over the top, but that's intentional.  Did he need to scream and throw his headset?  Obviously not.  But if he hadn't we wouldn't have watched his youtube video -the play was good, but not particularly unique or exceptional for a high ELO match.   Is it morally offensive for a popular streamer to solicit donations from fans?  I don't think so.  At least, not as long as the fans are aware that they are donating directing to the streamer in exchange for entertainment.  It's a whole different can of worms if a streamer solicits donations fraudulently, by claiming they are for charity, etc.
0	What patients don't realize is that hospitals schedule doctors to see a patient every 15 minutes, it's the only way they can make money. Plus, generally these patients have a lot more going on than just a cold.  The doctor needs to hear about how their diabetes, hypertension, and cholesterol is doing AND do an exam.  Doctors want to hear about how you are doing, and if you have a new problem they do want to hear about it.  So soon, things start running over.  Trust me when I say they aren't behind the scenes lounging around, cracking jokes, they are running all over the place trying to actually spend time with those who need it.  Lunch? Nope. Home at 5? Nope.  It's obviously frustrating when appointments are running behind but the doctor is frustrated too.
0	Funny Story. Here in Australia we can't afford to have the baby boomers retire yet.   They make up a huge majority of the tax income for the government, and a lot of them were born or simply didn't take advantage of superannuation so a lot of them when they retire will be using the dol as a retirement fund.   Now what happens when a huge chunk of seniors born around the same time retire, halting a huge income for the government and then start to use a pension, meaning a huge amount of them will be taking money away from the government?   Deep Shit.
1	Hey, I'm currently a mid/top main in Gold III EUW.   I had a great season start, ended up in Gold V after placements and quickly got to gold 2 (skipped gold 3).   Recently I've been really frustrated with the game, I have no motivation and playing alone is really annoying to me... I started duoing with a couple of friends again, but I feel like im in Silver all over again.   People just start to complain about the most basic stuff, even when its easy to just fix problem X and move along. Actually I find people in Gold III/II complain a lot more than in silver about stupid stuff like a "bad" ward or missed creeps or something...   Then comes my mid lane problem. I main Gragas, I play him every single game I get the chance. If I don't have him I usually go to other champs that can farm really well (for example Ziggs, which i also adore :D). Problem is I just feel like both of these guys just aren't that suited (at least with my playstyle) to carry in solo Q. Usually if I play in a team with friends (which is obviously "easier" in a way) I have no problem, I trust them, I can make the game how I want it: farm up like crazy, possibly destroy my lane, get turret or start roaming (or both). In solo Q I just feel like I can't do this, I'm kinda scared to just roam somewhere most of the time and lose gold and XP from it... It feels even worse when the lanes start losing from early on...   So
1	I had just duo'd with a RL bud of similar skill and we got a troll who would lock singed no matter the team comp.  We lost the game decidedly and then I solo queued afterwards when my friend had to leave.  Lucky me, I got the same guy again.  I tell my team of his actions in champ select so as to get a better team comp, and I end up jungling lee sin.  We lose all map control and they take all dragons and barons up to a point but one drag (all of which resulted in a team fight in their favor) and we lose all three inhibitors.  The enemy team gets cocky and they come to finish off our respawning inhibitors 1 by 1 or in pairs and die as we try to peel them from the inhibitors.  We start winning team fights when they regain seriousness, and each time we won a team fight we would baron or push down mid lane.  After an epic team fight near drag caused by the enemy team chasing troll singed and myself away from bot lane, we take out the towers and finish.
1	So the posters main problem is that there is not enough complaining on Reddit? He is complaining that there isn't enough complaining. There seems to be plenty of complaining on both sites as far as I am concerned. Maybe the problem isn't that there isn't enough complaining about the game, maybe the problem is the way the complaints are formatted. Perhaps an intelligent and respectful discussion, in either forum, would get more attention as opposed to the usual "GG Rito. All you want is moneyz. This champ just beat me in lane and is OP. Fix or I quit." It is fairly hard to balance 117 champions being played by 4 million people. No matter what you do, some players will be pleased and others will be furious. What is extremely easy is sitting in your room and posting on a discussion forum.
1	Like you said, in this game there is no tactical advantage to spending money so if you don't want to spend money don't. I have two accounts. On one, I have spent over $500. I have every champ, and I have skins for my favorites. I do not have any advantage over any other players except for those whom I outplay. My $500 did nothing to make me better.   On my second account, I have not spent a penny. I have every 450, 1350 and half the 3150 champs. I also have one rune page for every major role. With those and the free week champs, I have enough to be at least useful in draft mode (normal and ranked).
1	In an annie vs fizz matchup, annie should NEVER EVER let fizz get in range for Q. This is easily done because annie's Q and W range are 625, as compared to fizz's 550 Q range. A good annie will also NEVER USE Q to stun fizz, annie uses W to stun which is instant and cannot be trickster'ed on sight.   Basically, fizz has to PREDICT if annie is going to use her W, then use trickster (hitting annie with it),  then keep hitting her with your Q and W.   But a good annie can also predict that fizz is trying to juke her W. If she doesn't use her W and you use trickster, you're going to eat a face full of FIRE and you're not going to come out ahead.   Lastly, using trickster is going to use a ton of mana. While Annie's W is relatively cheap. Annie can afford to make mistakes in the matchup, fizz has a lower margin of error. Keep in mind too that annie can burst Fizz's ass with her QWR+ignite combo too.
0	This didn't happen. Editors work in editing bays with multiple people in them and they constantly have producers walking in and out of their bays to review the edited footage. A show as big as this one would have a full editing staff working 12 hour shifts as they pump out the footage into coherent episodes for a full season.   OP is also unable to steal the footage because once the film has been shot, it is collected, tagged and organized by a media manager. The media manager then drops off the footage to the editing bays for editing.   Also, any footage pixelation would be completed once the episodes had been laid out in the editing bays. So he would have days, if not weeks, to review footage before it is pixelated. Production companies aren't going to waste valuable time pixelating every single second of video when they need to be building the footage into episodes.
1	On champions that rarely gets focused? What elo do you usually play at?   In higher elo, supports like Sona/Zyra is a pretty big deal, so they usually gets killed pretty quickly, unless there are more potent threats on the team.   Why would you ever spec that much into offense? I usually only go for the ignite mastery in offense, and then go 1-13-16.   The thing you said about the carry not noticing it, is also wrong. Cleanse doesn't take away Malz/WW/Zed/Morde ults, if you didn't know that. And AD Carries benefit WAY MORE from having a GA, than a Mercurial Scimitar.   If you go 4% CDR in masteries, get lucidity boots, and both Locket and Shurelias, you're 1% short, either way, but your  TEAM   benefits  WAY  more from those two items, than you would EVER be able to make with Athenes.   And the thing about the kills you were talking about, what does it matter? It's nice and all, but you won't be able to notice a difference in the game overall if you get a couple of kills. Lategame it doesn't really matter either, if you just had a teamfight, and your entire team was wiped, and you stand alone, after last hitting an enemy with your Lich Bane proc. What objectives can you take, maybe a turret? Think about if you had a speed-up and an extra shield, maybe you would have had another survivor from your team?
1	I have disposable income. I spend it on things to keep me entertained. I've probably spent $150+ on LoL - buying champs that look interesting when they come out - I take advantage of most of the sales - buy the occasional skin if I want it. I have ~400 games played. That's probably 200 hours on average. $0.75/hr is pretty cheap entertainment. :)   Is it necessary for success? Definitely not. Is it sweet having most of the champs unlocked, and playing them with the skins I like? It sure is. :D I love this game. I justify it because it makes me happy, and I'm having a blast. Would it be better to spend $10 on ... a movie ticket? Or volibear? Easy choice for me. That said - I'm in the fortunate position of not having to worry too much about $20 spent here and there on entertainment luxuries.
0	GB is gigabyte (or 1000 Megabytes [or 1024 Megabytes to be precise]) and Gb (with a little "b") is gigabit. Which, off the top of my head, is 1/8th of a Gigabyte, which is 125 Megabytes.
1	I feel kind of dirty by cheering for Vulcun since I really wanted CLG, C9 TSM worlds but omg it feels so good to win O_O
1	I'm gonna hijack this post to post what i think about this, for most people, the problem is not that ahri does less or more damage, every one of the other popular champs also got a slap on the wrist.   The main problem is how much it changes her playstyle, and yes you may argue OH WELL NOW SHE'S HIGH SKILL CAP, that's not the problem the problem is that ahri is now a full on assassin, she wasn't, she was half mage half assassin (thanks to dfg >_> ).  Now even tho i don't mind the assassin playstyle, its not what ahri was, i personally will probably stop playing ahri, even if she's just as strong as before, simply because i don't find her playstyle that fun anymore, i was never an assassin player, and in this assassin meta, i pretty much played ahri and orianna exclusively mid because they were the only champs i felt good on that fit the meta.   now i hope the assassin meta gets destroyed because im pretty much left with only ori (a champ safe enough that even assassins can't own her in lane).
0	Wow I've never watched them either due to conservative parents who determined that TV was satan's wonder window so there are  alot  of good older movies i haven't seen..... Like I recently watched Pulp Fiction. Holy. Shit. :D if anything your positive comment kinda makes me wanna watch one today on my break :)
0	The only reason people keep ending up in the friendzone is the lack of initiative and honesty. Look, if you like someone, don't WAIT three fucking months before you make the move. By then your proposed partner will most likely have assumed you are a friend and won't want to think of you in another way.   Also, "nice guys" are fucking doucheholes. You aren't nice if you're initiating a friendship with the intent to fuck someone. Stop playing the fucking victim, go bold and if that sucks, go home, have a wank and cut off the friendship if that's all you wanted. BE HONEST.   And FFS, both genders, STOP WASTING YOUR TIME ON PEOPLE WITH NO SPINE. If somebody says they're ambigious about you for a longer period of a time and "just wants to be friends" that most likely means they're too chicken to tell you that they like you only as a friend. Cut off the tie, move on, try your luck elsewhere.   For those that know they're friends with people who want to romance/fuck them, stop being an abusive shithole and cut it off if they won't catch your drift. You're abusing this person if you're willingly keeping them as a friend when you know they want so much more. Stop wasting their time and stop being so damned self-centred.
0	Insecure much, sir? Some people can not help it. SOME. Not all, just some. My biggest thing with you is, if they don't mind, then why should you? Does not EVERY person have the right to live their life as they choose? "fat acceptance"? Do you mean being tolerant of the way a person is, even if you are not happy with them? And what is your point about more than 50% of people in shopping centers being obese? Do you have a legitimate source to back that up, or is that your observation, which is clearly not objective? Honestly, why are so many people up in arms about this? If someone is happy with who they are, and they are not breaking any laws, or harming anyone, then what is the big deal?
1	There are a few problems with this map for standard LoL play.  Main Points  will be in  Bold  while  Sub Points  will be in  Italics .   If you have a rebuttal or another point, feel free to let me know.     1. Lack of Minions extends game time/introduces a possibility for there to be no way for the game to end itself.   A. This introduces the possibility for players to farm IP and XP without actually playing.   B. This also prolongs the game since there won't be minions pushing lanes at all times. Instead, teams will stay near their jungle creeps and farm to max level/to late-game gear.     2. Excluding Champions, Wards, and Champion-Spawned minions, having Jungle Creeps only to gain EXP/Gold from keeps the entire team from progressing at the same rate.   A. Jungle Creeps with any respawn timer longer than 1 minute, especially weak creeps denies teammates gold and experience that they could otherwise need in order for their team to gain an upper hand against their opponent.   B. Having shared experience with some jungle creeps would end up reducing the overall EXP that the team would receive, effectively slowing their progress as a team.   C. Having shared experience for all jungle creeps would increase the overall amount of experience a team could accrue at the cost of denying teammates gold, though less so than if only a few creeps had shared EXP.     3. Characters with high-move speeds/stealth would become over-powered in this.   A. The stealth would allow for simple infiltration, ward placement, and creep stealing.   B. High-Move speeds would allow for easy creep stealing and early ward placing, possibly enabling fast moving champions to counter jungle in early game.   C. Abilities that allow for vision from either being in an area such as Teemo's mushrooms, or reveal on-hit such as Caitlin's Yordle Snap Traps, while performing like they were designed to, would be much more effective if the entire map(minus Baron and spawns) was affected by Fog of War.
0	Sorry to disagree but that just isn't true. If you like sex as much as she/he does and/or are willing to experiment or whatever, then it can be positive. Unfortunately, if your partner shares interesting experiences with lots of people in lots of places and you simply know you aren't in the same place I would imagine it can feel very negative regardless of how confident and secure you are in general. It sucks when you realize you aren't with the right person for whatever reason.
0	I've done the most embarrassing one in the thread so far.. While talking on the phone with my cousin, I checked my pocket for my phone, then proceeded to tell my cousin i had no idea where my phone is.. over the phone..
0	It's not the fact that people do these things that annoys me, it's when they boast about accomplishments that are very far off for other people. It just seems rude to me because no matter your intention or how proud you are for yourself others are bound to feel inadequate at your possibly impossible achievement. This also raises the question of why people feel the need to share things like this to strangers, since it doesn't negate the achievement if you don't. Also I'm aware that this meme is bad since it was her friend who posted the achievement.
0	There is a Russian man who lives at the nursing home I work at who is quite demented, aggressive, and speaks barely any English. He mostly walks around muttering in Russian and often attacks (verbally and physically) other residents and staff. There's a Russian lady, 'L', who works with us and she often chats with him as she is the only one who speaks his native language.   I often ask her what they talk about and she said usually he just walks around spitting profanities in Russian and mumbling incoherent thoughts. However one day he was acting unusually aggressive and the police had to be called. L and the man paced the courtyard as she attempting to calm him. She offered him a cigarette. He took the cigarette, but before lighting it, sniffed it and commented that it was a menthol cigarette. He told her that for many years, he was trained to sniff all cigarettes before smoking them in case someone tried to poison him. L inquired as to why and eventually he confided in her that he was a high ranking officer in the KGB in the Soviet Union. He had been involved in quite a lot of nasty stuff, including cutting off a child molester's testicles, and he most certainly ended a few unfortunate lives. He spoke 5 languages fluently, knew how to use all manner of lethal weapons, rubbed shoulders with the Soviet elite and was basically the most bad-ass Russian spy around.   Fast forward 40 years later and he is stuck in a nursing home in Australia with no family, friends or knowledge of English. Its crazy how this man has probably seen more stuff in his lifetime than most of us ever will, combined. Its also crazy how fate has put him in this situation where no one understands him and unfortunately, many don't seem to give him much attention at all. Most people just shrug him off as a crazy Russian guy who has no idea what is going on. You're absolutely right in saying that dementia leaves you as a shell of your former self and deconstructs you as a human until you are basically nothing. Its very sad. It really opened my eyes to the fact that all these people have lived such extraordinary lives and have so much experience. Everyone should take some time to appreciate the elderly and all they have lived through.
0	Depends on what you are focusing on. It's called stereotyping. If he sees a young black male with a hoody over his head he said he gets scared. Is it wrong to think this even though there are incidents that make this scenario true? I don't think so. Is it offensive? Yes to the majority of black males who are amazing citizens and have no reason for someone to fear them. But is it rational and safe to assume the worst? Yep.   What about the white dude with his face tatted up? Do I think it possible that the dude could be an amazingly religious, conservative individual and that he wants nothing more than to simply pass by and nothing to do with me? Sure...   The point is that we spend our entire lives stereotyping everything. From what a hamburger tastes like to what a rap musician looks like to how sane homeless people are.   The fact that he said a black kid in a hoodie and the white dude was tatted up had nothing to do with the degree in which each race has to go to be considered dangerous. If you see a white male in a gang-themed outfit you're going to go to the other side of the road as well.   It is and remains that the fact of the matter is that we as a human race are very shallow and our first impressions come from our sight. If we see something that looks dangerous, we're going to avoid it.
1	In an ideal world, people would respect others' wishes and compromise for the best possible outcome. But of course, half the time we do end up in highly unfavorable positions. With premades in general, if you are not 5-man queing, you should ask before doing anything cheesy to the other members of that group. Most people will allow a duo-premade to go bot, if they can work out a situation where the other members can agree on roles that they are somewhat comfortable with, because bot-lane synergy can win games, and people know that. A 3-man premade might want to get jungle-top-mid and use 3 man ganks to snowball both lanes, which is significantly easier for them to do than a random group of strangers. But again, only if the other two are comfortable in botlane. And as in your case, 4-man premades should be able to cater to the 5th person's comfortable positions. If the 5th feels comfortable playing mid or top, there is no need to force him to bot or jungle. It is highly unlikely that nobody in your premade of 4 is comfortable playing those roles.   Under no circumstances, however, you should run "cheesy" picks without talking to the players outside of your premade. Just because you saw Annie/Brand botlane in a stream does not mean it always works, and you should take consent from the players in your team to run it. Why? Because it is extremely frustrating for the players when a cheesy comp does not work and that becomes the reason they lose the game. Giving you OK to go duo bot does not mean you can automatically pick Shen/Voli against a bloody Caitlyn. If you do it without asking, and you then proceed to feed, you will be undeniably reported. If, however, you discuss it first, and get green light, then they have nothing to complain about because they themselves thought that might work, and allowed it. It might work, or it might not, but you should, in theory, be fine. Obviously, not every player is as sensible, but it is a start.   Of course, if you are 5-man premade, you can go as batshit insane as it goes. 4-man push pot. Run Heimer jungle. Run that 5-man AP burst caster combo, or have Ashe build tanky and get Shen to be your ADC (I did say batshit insane), or do whatever you want.
1	Playing without chat really isn't that hard. I've had several games where I just muted my entire team right at the start and still won. The pings work fine for communication.
1	I played about a month after. I lost 5 placement games in a row. Then I stopped for months, grinded a ton of normals,  came back won 5-in-a-row and got Sliver 5.
0	Yea, instead of teaching your daughter that different people like different things and not everyone is going to like what she likes, you should just complain about someone being honest and candid.  I'm being intentionally harsh, but my daughter will be turning 5 next month and this is a lesson we already had to teach her about her monster high and her novi star dolls, they're fucking weird and there are other kids that don't like the dolls and they aren't as nice about it as the cashier.
0	I went through a particularly nasty divorce not too long ago. I sat in our old bedroom while she was out of town, probably with that other guy, and I opened a drawer. Inside was the pistol. I picked it up, slowly loaded it with ammunition, and sat there, wondering where it all went wrong.   I guess I just couldn't believe the gun was in my hand. It was so heavy. I sort of stared at every little detail up close, then I picked up the phone and dialed a suicide hotline. It was fucking busy.   I laughed out loud and dialed again. Got through. I tried explaining that I didn't know what I was doing, that I'm a full grown man with everything to live for, and I didn't know why I had this fully loaded firearm in my hand. I was scared. The voice on the other line told me something that I never would have thought of.   He simply told me to unload it, put the ammunition down, and go into another room. I did, and suddenly the gun wasn't in control anymore.   I looked at it, and was just an empty, meaningless object. It seems like such a stupid thing, I know, but I honestly would never have thought to just unload it. It posed me no harm when it was unloaded.   Just wanted to share.
1	I Found out that there isnt alot of options for big plays, if feels like the map is alot smaller than old TT, less paths.   The ability to camp in a bush and wait for someone to facecheck is 3-10, because when the enemy team is all MIA, its a little obvious where they will be, there is only 3 bush's per side.   I dislike the huge snowballing advantage one can get top lane if they push the lane hard, so when the altar pop in the beginning its easier for them to take the altar, then even easier to take there own so they have both altars and all the buffs within the first 4 minutes. Now this doesnt happen alot, it happens more than enough.   I do 100% agree if you are behind and lost both towers, its extremely difficult to venture out of your base. and too get farm. To fight over the jungle creeps with your team mates
1	League is a game of opportunity. I shouldn't be 'punished' just because that player is DC'd.   For example, what if that player was overextended in my lane and my jungler just came to the lane for a gank. For this example let's also just say the overextended had already blown flash and just used their dash.   Now this is an example of a sure-kill. There is no chance that they would escape from this, dc or no dc. If they dc'd why would you not kill them?   I realize that this is an extreme example which would fit only a small selection of DC cases.   My point here is that why should the player with a stable connection be punished with a lack of opportunity just because the individual with the unstable connection just DC'd.
0	Here's the thing Supercub   People on the internet are all internet tough guys/gals   Or better put, they all envision themselves doing the 'right' or most heroic thing they can possibly do in every situation. Instead of understanding that not everyone is able to do that safely. In many cases the reason people are apathetic to the plight of others is that good deeds are often paid for.   Most people aren't these heroic figures for a reason after all. It's easy to imagine what you could do when you aren't there. It's also easy to imagine how it could all go wrong for the would-be hero in the situation.
1	AFAIK They don't actually do anything. Riot added them as a placebo a year or two ago to prevent the old "report the guy who did bad for something he didn't actually do" trick. The reason the pop up that tells you it lowers normal Elo is there for two reasons.     To let players know that being bad is not a bannable offense.   To make people reporting the bad player feel as if their report is doing anything.
1	TELL ME WHAT IT WAS.   SOMEONE PLS.
0	Please, tell that to the cops/auditors/etc. when they find you breaking regulations.   Since various agencies have been granted to power to make regulations (within certain restraints) by laws passed by congress, their regulations have the force of law.   I think that this isn't a good thing in many cases (such as this one), because it detaches the decision makers from any real accountability, but there are cases where it would be nuts to write the specific provisions into law.  (EPA & OSHA guidelines, etc.)
1	Since the title isn't a clear argument, I'll give a quick elucidation here.   1.) People create their art / streams / wallpapers with intention for it to be viewed   2.) Sub-subreddits have too small an audience to justify creating content for them   3.) The existence of sub-subreddits causes users to downvote submissions of that type, regardless of the mod's stance on allowing them (with the exception of pro gamer's streams)   It follows from 1 and 2 that people will not create content to be posted in the sub-subreddits, and from 1 and 3 that they will not create content to be posted in the main subreddit, and as such, we are losing content creators we used to have.   Youtube is still allowed, until the inevitable /r/leaguevideos. For the meantime, it remains king.
1	I think the problem is with the term Athlete, which implies a physical sport. Esports are more of a mental rigor, much like chess. People probably also have problems because they think that gaming == esports, i.e. 'oh if gaming is a sport my husband must be a champion' which isn't true. the problem is though that people don't realize the effort that goes into competitive esports, the mental rigors of the job, and the pure knowledge of what they are doing. These people are experts in their fields and much like Chess Grandmasters they are people who can and will be looked up to.   I agree that esports shouldn't fall under the 'Athletics' category in terms of what is actually accomplished, but my opinion is that many things shouldn't fall under the athletes/athletics umbrella. However, I think that America is taking the right step forward in making professional e-sports players recognized and helping them have an easy time to get into the country. This will be the first step in making our e-sports culture grow.
1	I'm going to second this post.   Put this into perspective for you all. I've been in the "E-Sports Industry" for close to 10 years. Working and traveling for various top organizations, sponsors and agencies. I've been paid more than those placing in MLG events, at MLG. I've met hundreds of "pro players" and I've seen their dreams, and had them myself. I've played other very popular titles for close to 13-14 years of my life (casually, but still competitive and at a very high level & in numerous sponsored organizations) to know that I don't want to go "pro."   What is pro? Giving up your day job, your life, your education, to sit at home and play video games. Try to be as good as you can and if you do make it during those "primetime days" of that game, you'll reach that eternal fame in the game and make some money to live off of, but it isn't the glorious life you'd think. After 5 years, when the scene changes and old games take over new games, what are you stuck with? A life that you had, no education, and a job 5 years behind someone that started when you lived that dream (see Championship Gaming Series -  ). There are no self made millionaires (and he had a lot of help) in e-sports, ie Fatal1ty, any longer.   I don't want to discourage you from trying at all. Go ahead and make that dream a reality, just realize there are hundreds of thousands of people trying to do what you are doing in this same game, how do you differentiate yourself from them, and who do you know? That's how you'll make it. Get in with the right people and grow from there. In LoL, SoloQ may be that way, but you're taking a chance every time you hit Play to make a connection, so use it. If you make it "pro" your supporters are those that will remember they played with you, not the ones that you flamed and trolled.
0	For a while some time back he would open sciencey responses with Biologist here! ten go into a very intestine and enthusiastic explanation of stuffs. This led to him standing out in a sea of user and becoming reddit famous. He has on occasion used his fame it help with sciencey things like bring awareness to research on ravens.
1	A few points:   1) Why?  Supports got huge buffs last season with all the new support gold items that already allow them to itemize depending on what type of support they want to be.  These items seem unnecessary in that regard.   2) Teamwork in Vision.  With items the way they currently are, there is a constant need for teamwork in establishing and maintaining vision control.  If your ideas here were to go through supports would be almost definitely expected to rush the sightstone which gives them 5 max wards, and once again expected to be in charge of warding the entire map.  One of the reasons behind last season's vision changes was to remove that and these changes would directly conflict with that.     Gold Income and Itemizaton.  Before the gold changes last season, supports were expected (and basically forced) to spend the majority of their income on sightstone and vision.  Now the team contributes and supports are able to buy actual items and do much more for their team.  These changes would force supports to basically  use their first 2k gold (instead of 800 in live) on vision and would delay most of their normal items.
0	I get people who act like this, and 9 times out of 10 it's simply because they think they're better than me because they have a job making $20 an hour pushing paper, and I work for minimum wage in a retail store. But you know what? It doesn't even bother me, because when you treat people like that, you only set yourself up for failure further down the road. People take things for granted, then down the road when they lose their job and they are then the ones working retail at minimum wage they think, "Why me? What did I do to deserve this?" I can tell you that when someone gets a taste of that medicine, the amount of respect they have for people who work retail goes through the roof.   I approach every single customer the same way. It doesn't matter if you are a regular customer I've had for months or if you are a new customer. It doesn't matter if you have shown your ass previously or not, when you walk back in my store, I treat you with the same level of respect as if I have never done business with you before. Everyone gets the same level of friendly service and respect. However, on that visit when you show your ass and berate me, that's when I refuse my service and tell you to take your business somewhere else. It gets under their skin so bad, and most retail management will back you up on your decision, long as you have proper reasoning behind it. At least any retailer I've ever worked for does.   I'm not saying you can tell someone to go shop somewhere else because they are irate because a product they purchased had missing parts. I'm talking about if someone comes in harassing you, putting your company down, starts swearing, etc. With the company I work for, respect goes both ways. I will always show you the utmost respect, but when you start disrespecting me, that's when you get escorted out my store, I'll happy put your items back on the shelf, and you can have a wonderful day and take your business to the next closest location.
0	Gym rat here. That's a good guy there for sure OP. You always encourage. Always. People there to improve themselves are probably already feeling shitty and intimidated. One thing to do is gently encourage them off the Nautilus machines and into the free weight section. (Nothing wrong with the Nautilus, just a personal preference. You don't need to communicate as much on the Nautilus with other people. Getting them to the free weights helps them get to know other people and join the team.) Most are hesitant. I back off if they are adamant about not doing it. Not trying to freak them out. But a lot of times I can get them to join us in the free weight section and that's where the team building can really take off. Keep telling them it doesn't matter how much they lift. You give them a spot and start getting them feeling like they belong there. Part of the team. You say stuff like: "YOU'RE DOING GREAT! AHHH! PUMP IT! ONE MORE! C'MON! ONE MORE!" Wait...wait...hold on. Just needed to read that back to myself for a sec. Nope. That's all good.
0	What's up with buses and wallets?  Here's our story.   My brother and I were taking a bus out to go play some laser tag on a Friday night. When we got to a transfer station we had to go over a cross walk and get in the next terminal. When we reached the terminal my brother went to grab his ticket and realized his wallet was gone.   We traced back ours steps and while walking (at night around 8pm) some cops pulled over and asked what we were doing.  We told them what happened and they started helping us look for the wallet.  Suddenly my brother saw his wallet about 30 ft away laying on the cross walk. As he starts running towards it.  One of the buses drives buy and runs his wallet over instantly crushing it and breaking all his id's.... His ticket was a little bent but survived so we continued onto laser tag and had an awesome night. Hahaha we all had a big laugh,  about it and still talk about that night sometimes.
1	A while ago I changed the AD Carry almost after every game. Now I said to myself, that I should focus on playing 3 of them namely Ashe, Graves and Vayne. Currently I play Vayne exclusively no matter what kind of Bot Comp I have to face and no matter what kind of support I have.   FYI: Reason for playing Vayne exclusively: I liked her since her release, but I knew "Nerfs incoming", also I wasn't used to playing AD Carries (so squishy, having a farmfest, position your sweet a** like a boss, ...). After trying her out in the free week I really sucked hard. She was so hard to play I said to myself. I put her back into the category "Champ I like, but my skills aren't good enough for them to be worth playing". After a while some friends of mine and I formed a team together and I was put to play the AD Carry. I really wanted to learn positioning and I thought... who would be better for me to learn the positioning then Vayne?
1	Ill be honest i call bs on the 2nd part of the video. I'm not an athene follower nor do i care much about what he has done in other games.(first time i heard of him was when he did a youtube video where he went around down telling people he was a paladin or something)  I think doing things for charity is very helpful. I watched his stream this morning for about 5-10 minutes before i had to turn it off because his attitude was shitty. he just started a game playing ryze, few minutes in he self proclaimed himself the best gamer in the world and was telling the stream something about him csing all day. He goes back to buy at lvl 4, teleported to a bot ward in a bush to gank. The bliz did not grab the enemy adc even though it was a perfect grab. Athene didn't didn't know this and totally calls out the blitz on stream saying he is the worst blitz eu. After athene told the blitz it was a easy grab the blitz responds with the grab was on cd. He runs back to his tower and comments on how now his tower is almost dead.(athene still being lvl 4 vs a karthus)   I'm not judging him on anything accept those 5-10 minutes of the game and in that short time i understood why people would "troll" him. Regardless if he had the right idea or best intentions when ganking he could of waited until lvl 6 where he was sure to get a kill.   If thats his attitude in every game all game then its understandable why he has stopped gaining elo. You cannot claim to be the best gamer in the world but in the same game blame everything on everyone else because "oh i'm famous". If You get your 2 main champs banned out become good at other champs. Don't give excuses like "they will just feed" or "everyone is out to get me". Guess what maybe you are not the best league player in the world who cares. You may have been a good wow player but you will not be good at every game you play. Stop going into the science about how people think and improve yourself.
1	I'd rather see my exact rating(ELO: IE:1850)than some divisions and LP which sounds cool but has no relation to your MMR. (IE: Plat 5 with gold mmr)
1	A big part of the answer to this is because it's a team game. It's hard to appeal for 1v1 help when a large part of the game isn't learning the mechanics or how to last hit, it's just how the game flows, when objectives should be fought for, when you should be peeling for people in fights and when to dive the back line.  There are general rules that should be followed and can be taught but experience is a very VERY key part of the way people play, between the divisions and leagues.  Here's an example of a situation that is probably more common in normal games with a mix of players; I am a diamond player and main top, but a few weeks ago i played on a friends account to stop his rank decaying because he is abroad. He is gold 4, and so naturally i was against a gold level top lane. he basically ended up beating me, i was playing jayce on blue side, and they had irelia. Normally at my level i win this matchup, don't know why just do, but at level 2 the enemy lee sin runs out of the bush and ganks me. i manage to get away, by burning a flash, but it set me back a few minions, and when i again go to ward the bush he is sitting in it and misses his Q but continues to sit there while my minions were in the middle of the lane.  Naturally irelia is getting stronger than i am and it won't matter if i outplay her, she would win the fight 1v1. I tell the jungler our jarvan not to come top and help, but to steal his blue, which he does, then goes bot and gets a kill. I continue to be pressured top, and die twice during laning, but i have warded and again see the lee sin coming when dragon is up. I ping at it, and my team goes for it, manage to secure it and kill the support who came to ward/check. We end up winning the game as our other two lanes are stronger and we make some nice mid game plays. Watching the game, it seems the irelia is better than me, she beat me in lane with help, and pressured quite well, but the balancing factor being the presence lee gave up on the map Using my pings/chat and some fortunately cooperative team mates i guided our team to victory. I'm not going to say i carried, as that's what the carries did, but nor did i feed uncontrollably, lose out on too much cs, or get caught out.   The
0	It's unfortunately a sad truth. American here, and some of the states public education system is down right awful. I have lived in a few states where I attended school and got a chance to see the different sides of teaching. I have seen a pristine rigid school, a downtown public school in a major city, as well as a heavy funded but poorly run system in the south.  The diversity of our education system is a great and terrible thing to have. Not all of the schools can keep up due to state laws so kids leave it not knowing basics. Our national standardized tests are easier to pass every year, due to our "No child left behind" act. Which causes the system to get even lazier and less strict. The only good form of learning we have is the secondary stage of college or a university. Where the curriculum is up to par and you're not, either study more or go home. I know this was a tangent from a person from a different nationality learning it as a second language. I just wanted to point out that America does not make it exactly easy for us either.
1	The problem is the full circle way the Tribunal works, people are afraid to talk because reported for Verbal Harassment even without harassing said player. It's all hearsay too, because someone can say your flaming them even if you're not. On the contrary, if you don't say anything in chat, you can be reported for "refusal to communicate".   I'm not saying the tribunal hasn't done some good things, but you also have to realize even with it's positive impact there are negative consequences. Obviously Riot thinks these negative consequences are far outweighed by the positive results.   One of the reasons I have a tough time believing in the Tribunal and many people do, is because it's community run. If people truly believe that the community is toxic then why would we give that same community the ability to rule in tribunal cases? It doesn't make logical sense, additionally,  I think the 'report' and 'punish' buttons are epidemics and easy ways for people to deal with bad players or negative players. I know there are always players who actually read the cases and punish or pardon accordingly, but there are also players who spam punish without actually reading the cases. As far as the report button, people click it way too much. If Riot's numbers are correct that only .8% of the community is toxic, that means the report button should only be used once every 10 games, but I find people, myself included, push it every single game, sometimes multiple times.
1	It depends heavily on what you like to play, mid lane is very diverse in what you can pick in terms of what you want your role to do. For instance, they range from safe farm heavy mids, to assassins who will roam and try to create pressure on the map (not saying farm type mids cant do this, just more prevalent that an assassin will). If you are looking for assassins try:     Zed- Arguably one of the strongest assassins at the moment, good mobility, burst, and with surprising sustained damage.     Talon- I unfortunately haven't played with his nerf just yet, but i feel like he is still a strong assassin as he is one of the best assassins to roam and gank with     Ahri- Probably not the best assassin, but she is a personal favorite being able to assassinate very well with high mobility and burst, but also not falling into the trap of being a heavy AD mid like most other assassins.       Next if you want to try and play a more passive and team fight mid, here are 3 reccomendations:     Orianna- The most balanced mid laner in the game. Provides a game changing ult with a good set of utility with her sheild and w speed up w/ slow. She is fairly mechanicly complex but if you play enough games, i guarantee you will get her down.     Syndra- I wanted to put her down as an assassin, while she does provide a heavy amount of burst potential, she is a very potent safe laner who's stun in the late game can really change fights. She is a sudo-assassin that is also amazing at wave clear and farming throughtout all stages of the game.     Xerath- Super safe, alot of damage, good burst, long range, this guy is amazing. Takes a little getting used to, but love him aswell.       Now i have given a list of good mid lane picks to start with, but i reccomend wholy to try out any mid pick you want, thats the beautiful thing about this lane. Just about anything is viable in it, some are worse than others, but it is definitely a role that is very diverse in its picks. There are some good picks i did not put in the lists (Yasuo, Ziggs, LeBlanc, Fizz, and Azir if your feeling brave.) The lane is infinite in its picks, and i hope the best for your journey into mid lane. Good luck on the Fields of Justice Summoner! (<- or did they change the lore that much already this is no longer relevant? idek)
1	attack speed glyphs are good on any ad carry if you dont expect ap mids to gank you often and their jungler is ad. some ad carries can use attack speed reds but you sacrifice the ability to last hit under turret if you dont go pure ad on reds/quints and it wont help in a short trade in lane (1-3 autos).   cait is one of the few ad carries i wouldnt mind atk spd reds and maybe quints on because cait normally pushes the wave due to her passive/constant harrass making minions aggro you instead of other minions. Also cait in lane pokes with autos for free more often than most ad carries, so there isnt anything wrong with atkspd reds and maybe quints, but generally pure damage will help more.   however, i think armour yellows are by far the best choice for runes as an ad. you cant expect to get free harass off on the other ad carry all the time, and when he hits back, its gonna be attack damage (minus ez and corki and varus a bit). the amount of atkspd you get from yellow runes is nothing in trades where you trade 1 for 1 or 2 for 2 on autos. therefore, the trade will be more in your favor if you got armour to mitigate his damage from autos. the yellows also help a bit on ganks and occasionally can save you or make you trade kills on a dive instead of dieing for free.
1	What are you talking about their release champion balance is fine   Lucian - Everyone thought he was UP then he got 2 very little buffs and suddenly everyone think he's OP   Jinx - Strong lane bully and her AS steroid got nerfed a bit on release but overall very balanced   Vel'Koz - Fine on release he's good at what he does and I can't think of any changes that have happened to him   Yasuo - Everyone thought he was OP on release then he got a small buff and a range nerf and people think he's fine   Braum - Well we're in the phase where everyone will think he's too strong but give it time and he'll be fine.  He's probably a tad too strong but not compared to how OP everyone thought Yasuo was on release
0	A less trite summary of my philosophy of shittiness than so far provided:   People are gonna be shitty sometimes. It's part of being people. It is good and healthy to recognize and accept that some of our behaviors and thoughts hurt other people, even if it doesn't lead to self-improvement.   I think that the worst kinds of people are the sorts that do shitty things yet are too self-deluded to appreciate themselves as being sometimes hurtful people. It is also unhealthy to hyper-focus on the shitty things you do to a crippling and self-hating extent.   Self-improvement is great! But even if you're unwilling or not yet ready to put in the effort required to undergo meaningful changes to your own attitudes or behaviors, a realistic and self-aware appreciation for your own actions can make it easier to passively be a less shitty person by choosing the better of equivalently selfish actions that provide different levels of happiness to others. And if/when you are ready for meaningful self-improvement, it's the best place to start from to get the most bang for your trying-to-make-the-world-a-not-so-goddamn-awful-place buck.
1	I feel like the "Dungeon Finder" option (in which you set a role/lane preference before queuing up) is the best choice for improving the situation we have now.   But NoahApples, that will enforce the meta!   OK, sure, but... more than we as a player base already do now anyway? First off, I think this kind of queue should only be used for ranked games. Since it's taken as a given that everyone in a ranked game is trying (or should be trying) to win, I think it's OK that Riot suggest we employ the basic strategy that has been shown to be generally the most effective layout anyone has come up with in the last 18 months. Especially since that's  mostly  what  most  of us want to play every ranked game anyway.   But what if I want to play something unusual in a ranked game?   If you sincerely believe it will benefit your team, go for it! But you should probably talk through why it's a good idea with your team mates. A lot of people here and on GD are acting as though using this system somehow gets rid of chat. We still have 16 picks and bans to get through together. Building a team comp and reacting to the other team's picks is still important. What "pre-called" roles would allow is for us to use this time to talk about picks and strategy, instead of arguing over who is going to which lane. If you queue up as a Support and convince your queued AD to go double bruiser bottom, then you can do that. That's no different than options we have open now. What it does prevent (or make less likely, at least) is ending up with 2 AD carries fighting over farm in bot lane, because one called it first and the other was 1st pick. In a pre-made team, it makes sense to use unconventional strategies because you are all on the same page about why you are doing it. In Solo Q, that just doesn't make as much sense.   Additionally, I would argue that this system would actually benefit the player who wants to play an unusual champion in a specific role. If you really want to play Pantheon support (and I have a friend who does!),  I , at least, am more likely to be cool with that if I know that you have specifically queued up with the intent to support, and have chosen this champion for it (rather than you getting "stuck" with support and picking Panth because you don't own any supports or because you don't actually intend to play support once in-game). Will there be trolls who set their preference to one thing only to claim another role? Or pick something purposefully bad? Of course. There will always be trolls. There is no magic cure-all for people actively trying to harm your gaming experience. The vast amount of ranked players, however, genuinely want to win, and this will assist them in assembling working teams.   But what if the meta changes?   Then we'll bitch about it. And, because Riot is a pretty cool company and they spend all day reading our complaints on Reddit, I trust that they will deal with it. When the pros start employing a different strategy than we are used to to great effect, on a consistent basis, we will want to copy them, and then there will 45 gajillion threads saying "ranked queue should offer a role preference option for roaming attackspeed tanks [or whatever] Riot pls." And then Riot can add that option.
1	You know, you could argue that team siren only propagates the rampant sexism in the video game community; and that a "pro" team isn't special just because they are girls-and I agree with those arguments.   But this amount of hate for team siren and the sexist comments towards girls and girl gamers in general only solidifies the stigma that the gaming community is very male dominated and sexist towards women.   If anything, the men who are criticizing team siren deserve just as much hate if not more.
1	This last week will be insanely intense. Assuming Gravity loses to C9 and T8 loses to CLG, Gravity vs T8 will surely decide the 5th spot in playoffs. Then if TL beats with DIG and WFX, then there will be a tie breaker for the last spot between TL and Gravity/T8, since TL has a 1-1 record with both teams. If Gravity beats C9, T8 beats Gravity, and TL goes 2-0, then there will be a 3-way tie.   Then there's also the shenanigans of the top 4 spots, since there's a good chance there will be a tie breaker of some way for top 2 (most likely 2nd spot). There's also a possibility of a tie-breaker for 8th and 9th place...
1	It certainly is an interesting idea, and off the top of my head i can see two kinds of reactions to this. 1: "Yay, i get to have a free skin every week, so I dont have to buy them myself" - This kind of mentality could actually make players extend their champion pool, by playing the champion that he/she has a skin for that week, therefore learning how to play that champion, rather than just having a champion that they never play.   2: "OMG I LOVE THIS SKIN, I HAVE TO BUY IT!" - Yeah... Pretty much means more money for Riot.   So yeah, I think it's a good idea, and it would probably cost me more money, but that's beside the point.
0	It would be nice if that could happen, but it won't.  I work in science research (although a completely different area); government grants for research are being slashed.  They used to be the best source for money for research, but without them, most academic researchers are having to turn to industry in order to fund their research.  If you were to take away any of their industry funding for vaccine research, it would slow down the process dramatically.  Industry research also has a few redeeming qualities; because it is profit-driven, it typically can speed up the process.   I get where you are coming from, and believe me, I would like this to be true in all areas of research (I am focusing on environmental issues in my own research), but it isn't sustainable.   What I would say is the real underlying cause is that a scientific medical researcher published a study that said the MMR vaccine caused autism in one of the most prestigious medical journals.  If I remember correctly, he had a very small sample size, but this made a number of other researchers look at this issue.  Very few, if any of their studies were able to find the same result.  It turns out the original researcher was developing an alternative vaccine to the MMR vaccine and was approached by a law firm representing parents who's children had autism and were suing saying the MMR vaccine caused autism.  The lawyers asked him to find a link.  He has since lost his medical licence.  There was one bad scientist/doctor, and I think it started people thinking that this must represent the medical research community.
1	Exactly. It has even helped my game tbh. Sometimes i did the /all [insert QQ here] out of pure "moment angryness" and allmost every time it had a very negative impact on my team (duhh!). So, since i am not able to do that cause the all chat is turned off i have actually been having a more positive impact on my team. Note: you can do really well on a match and still have a negative impact on your team.
1	The role doesn't really matter... If you are far superioir to your enemies you Will carry the game... Imyself onlybplay ad on my main, but I can carry low elo(under 1.5k) with about 90% win ratio, and having some 70-80% wins until 1.9k elo. (based on elos before the soft reset)   Just play that one role you are superior on, my roles other than sd carry I can easily carry until 1.8k but not above that since I suck on them D:
1	we think this change will separate the great
1	What is more annoying is people feeling the need to post about a post they don't like being posted only to express how they disapprove of the original post.
1	You have absolutely no idea what I said. I was putting her true damage into the context of physical damage vs 100armor and  then  showing the damage output of it over 2.5seconds and comparing that one damaging ability to that of typical ad casters.   I did this to refute the comment that "Vayne doesn't do a lot of damage with W, it's mostly from the rest of her kit" by someone that is trying to downplay the thought that %truedamage every 3 attacks is ridiculously strong. The quoted text I have here is just flat out wrong. While the rest of her kit does good damage too(Q+R), the statement is silly.
0	so, what you are saying is that even though i am  struggling  to support my son, all of his needs are met with my money, therefore his father should carry no financial responsibility? could you tell me what part of raising/supporting our son  is  his responsibility? cuz, ya know, sometimes, your husband leaves you with a 3 month old child, without warning and with no money or a roof over your head. sometimes you have to ask food banks for help. sometimes you have to pawn your great grandmothers jewelry to buy diapers and clothes. sometimes you have to go without, just so your kid can have.   granted, i  can  support my kid  by myself  now, BUT it took a whole fuck of a lot of work to get to this point  by myself .   and ill tell you this- support WAS ordered in our divorce. $55 every two weeks. he still didnt pay, nor did he exercise his visitation. 13 years later, still no payment, even though they dropped it to $20 a week, and he hasnt so much as laid eyes on his son since september.   a child is a joint effort. kind of like a business. you and your business partner take out a loan. then you decide you dont want to be in business anymore, AND you dont want to pay your share of the loan. is that your partners obligation now? NO. you BOTH made the mess, you BOTH signed the paperwork, the loan is the responsibility of BOTH partners, even if one is financially better off than the other.   and honestly- men who think the way you do should be ashamed. how dare you say that if a woman makes enough to support the kid, that the father gets off scot free. fuck that. if you dont want to pay child support, then maybe you should sign over your rights, so that the woman who  does  right by your kid, doesnt have to look at your pathetic ass every other weekend.
0	I've been on the receiving side of an accident because of this actually. I was in the back seat of my friends car while we were stopped at a stop light. Suddenly a giant white van rear ends us at 30mph! Forces us to hit the two cars in front of us, and totals my friend's car. I luckily only come out of it with a bit of whiplash and an extremely minor and fixable neck issue. The guy's reason for not paying attention was that his fucking chihuahua was trying to get off his lap.....
1	This. Twisted Fate is probably my favorite champion if i had to pick one, as well as being the first champion I ever played and bought. One thing that really separates good TF players from amazing TF players is reaction time while pulling cards. being able to always pull the exact card you need the first time it shows up in the rotation is extremely beneficial in tight situations. if you miss your yellow card the first time around you have to wait nearly 2 seconds to pull it again and 2 seconds while getting ganked on a champion with no real escapes other than flash could easily mean the difference between life and death. Worse still is simply pulling the wrong card, so knowing the order and adapting to any sort of delay that your internet might cause while picking the card is also important.
0	I work as a cashier, and a customer of this ^ nature started walking away with their purchase without having fully paid off the balance due. I tried to get their attention, and a fellow employee used a gender specific title to get their attention back to the register. The level of confusion and shock that he had been mistaken for a woman literally broke his psyche right in front of me. :( I felt awful.
0	Let's set some ground rules here:     All of these arguments about who is better qualified for the job act like employers have  objective  knowledge about a candidate's qualifications. This is bullshit. Interviews and applications are  subjective  evaluations of one group by another group of people. (HINT: This is where the racial/gender/economic biases come in.)     White people aren't the only ones with privileges. Black people aren't the only ones with disadvantages. The USA has a lengthy history of institutionalized oppression of diverse ethic groups, genders, religions, and etc...often instituted and eventually "rectified"  by the government . Notice how no one has mentioned the stigma we harbor against people with disabilities or mental health issues? Discrimination just isn't a simple topic. This often means that  BOTH SIDES OF THE ARGUMENT  have valid points. It also means that regardless of whether you think the government  should  play a role in issues of discrimination, it  will  play an essential role as it always has.     Discrimination  hurts  enough already. If someone of color gets a job over a white man in your department, don't take it out on the new hire. It's not their fault. If you are discriminated against, remember not to cause the same pain to others. Don't rally against your "oppressor's" race.  The only way we can move forward as a society is to do so together.       Some challenging questions from this thread are:     Should we strive for equality or justice?     Is discrimination against the individual warranted to correct for discrimination against a population?       Certainly these are important questions, but I don't see how we move forward past these roadblocks if we continue to emphasize the points on which we disagree.   Instead let's focus on areas in which we agree. Discrimination is hurtful and negatively impacts our society. Can we find areas in which we can make a positive impact and start there? Can we collaborate with people from diverse socioeconomic groups to make sustainable changes through positive action?   Or is it more important for us to enjoy the individual validation of yelling out our frustrations from the top of a mountain--even at the expense of drawing the cycle of oppression onward and upward...to the front page?
0	Gather round for story time: so my family and I are taking our annual trip to Las Vegas (I know, great place for kids), and there so happens to be a chemical spill on the only highway that can get us there. We sit there for about 3 hours. By then people have already pulled out their lawn chairs, others start busting out hibachi grills etc. Out of nowhere (well, from his van actually) a Rockstar marketing guy comes out and hands out a van full of Rockstars to everyone (keep in mind we're sitting in a desert highway in the middle of summer). This guy was heaven sent.
0	Listen I'm all for child support under the right circumstances. And I believe the person receiving the child support should have to keep all records/receipts of what the money was spent on to insure the money was actually going towards the children and only the children and set up an agency or separate branch of the child support divisions that handles this. Not only would it stop child support scams but it would also create more jobs (kill two birds with one stone?).   But I'm torn with the spousal/alimony situation. I guess it's cause I've never been through a divorce but I am a child of divorce. My parents came to the agreement (no courts) that my father would pay for my school (I went to private school), and basic living needs and my mom paid for my housing (we lived in a condo), clothing, and basic living needs. The agreement would go on until I was 18. Even though my mother didn't have a job when they divorced she never asked for spousal support/alimony.   Of course not all divorces are as nice and smooth as my parents was but I feel that in this day in age you should always be prepared for the worst (I hate to say it but dammit it's true) and shouldn't have to rely on spousal support/alimony.   This goes for both women and men!!!
0	When I moved into my current 4-person college apartment with an old roommate, we devised a plan to force previously dirty apartment dwellers to get their act together.   You should have seen it.. the apartment was foul. There was so much mold and mildew everywhere that the humidity levels could literally be felt the moment you walked into the room. The countertops had a mixture of dust and alcohol... the alcohol became sticky and the mixture was stuck on the countertops. There was old shit lying everywhere, disgusting burnt-cheese-filled ovens, European lamps (yes, that means the plugs were incompatible with the wall sockets here), and more than 300 liquor and beer bottles scattered around. The surfaces of the cabinets were covered with so much oil particles that even after scrubbing the shit out of it with four different cleaning products, post-it notes can't even stick onto those cabinets.   There were rat droppings aligned in the cabinets, but worse, there were cobwebs in some cabinets. The rat droppings somehow got stuck on these cobwebs, so those cabinets turned into levitating landmines of rat fecal matter. The fridge bore packets of cheese... cheese from 2012.. black cheese. And somehow, just somehow, there were cans/jars filled with food/ingredients that dated back to 2008. Considering that this is a college apartment and no tenant is permitted to stay for more than 2 consecutive years, it makes you wonder what kind of shitstorm the last 3 to 5 generations of tenants lived in. Couches covered with puke, alcohol, and what seems to be either semen or white paint.   But my old roommate and I powered through the mess. With two bottles of Lysol Antibacterial cleaner and a full can of Clorox wipes, we went through every single inch of that dreaded apartment. It took a week to get through it. We scrubbed hard and we replaced the couch. We made sure those other two roommates saw us doing it. We had to show them that we were obsessed with a clean apartment, because otherwise, they would just dirty the place up again. We printed out legitimate labels for every single one of the cabinets. No one will ever put something in the wrong cabinet. We set some "clean up after your mess" ground rules. If someone didn't do their dishes they were dropped right in front of their door. Not even leaving it in the sink.   Now, we have no problems whatsoever. Cleanest apartment I've ever been in. Spotless. Roommates all do their dishes instantly. They even wipe the counters and stoves clean after cooking. Organized cabinets. All it takes is some obsessive actions, and an iron stomach.
1	Was playing in ~S1/G5 Elo yesterday as a lee sin jungle. Enemy team had an amumu jungle that built ghost blade and ended up going 0/20. He explained in all chat he just did his placement matches because he just hit 30 and was placed S4. He got pissed because he was being destroyed in every match and said the game wasn't fun for him anymore.
0	I must have somehow missed this the first time it was announced. I feel so dumb. I am become slowpoke.
1	We all know what is the stereotype about Poland and the British government approach to that, of course it's our fault English people don't have jobs because we take them, sadly nobody mentions the fact that we create them as well. He maybe tried to make it amusing but  apparently it is clearly seen it's his serious opinion.   Congratulations on not watching the video and seeing the asian host being late and Thoorin saying "well, I'm going to be racist now since I'm pissed, I thought asian people were good at math", it was just friendly banter, these people are friends with each other for what, 15 years. If you GENUINELY think he's a racist/thinks polish people are stealing jobs (where the fuck do you see that in his remarks) then you are an overly patriotic, nationalist nutcase who shouldn't even be allowed to be on this subreddit.   And seeing the pictures you linked just confirms that. He has nothing to apologize for, he called your country a shithole referring to infrastructure and living standards, which is OBJECTIVELY TRUE. Those are much lower than in Germany/Britain or whatever the fuck. He didn't say shit about polish people. Grow the hell up. I live in Germany and I wouldn't want to live in Poland either, COMPARED TO WHERE I LIVE it's a shithole, while this is a harsh word it doesn't mean that I hate the polish citizens, obviously that would be absurd.
0	Shes just going to bang someone else, so its not like you're really doing the boyfriend that big of a favor. If you naturally harbor guilt though then it might be better to just not have it on your mind. Also if you had any propensity to develop feelings for her, then it would be really bad because she would totally cheat on you too.
0	You've got some good answers already but I'll try to add some detail about how this process works.   Most likely in this situation the waitress took the credit card from the table to a credit card terminal, swiped it, and entered the amount to be charged without any tip. The terminal talked to the credit card issuer and returned an authorization for the amount entered, and generally for some amount more - the business is set up as a restaurant, so tips are normal, and the authorization includes some additional leeway for the tip, which is unknown at this point.   The waitress brings the receipt to the table and the diner fills in the tip amount and the total on the receipt and returns it to the waitress.   At some later point in the evening, the transaction is brought up on the credit card terminal and the tip amount is added, but at this point is just in the terminal.   AT THIS POINT nothing has been actually charged to your card. Your issuer has just  authorized  the charge. At the end of the night, the establishment closes and someone goes to the credit card terminal and submits a "batch", meaning all the authorized charges (plus tips) that happened during the day. Some previously authorized charges may have been "voided" from the batch which means although the card was swiped and an amount entered, the business decided not to charge the card for whatever reason and so those authorizations are dropped and not charged.   The point is, the initial swipe doesn't actually charge your card, or even guarantee the actual total.   What seems to happened here is that during the "later point" the amount entered on the tip was changed from what the customer indicated. When the final batch was submitted it included the inflated tip amount. The only proof of the tip amount is the signed receipt turned in by the customer. That's why credit card companies require businesses to keep these on file for a period of time.   If a customer disputes a charge, the business generally has to produce the signed receipt showing the final charge or else risk having the amount refunded to the customer.   The issue here is that on the signed receipt the customer put one amount and the waitress appears to have changed it and entered the higher amount into the credit card terminal. So if the customer disputes the amount, the restaurant has the receipt with the apparently altered amount. This is where it will become a he said she said event and up to the parties involved to figure it out. I'm trying to explain the process without focusing on this dispute.   I work with this stuff part time and realize that not everyone understands that "swiping" your card isn't exactly the same as "charging" your card so I hope this explains it a bit. I think an educated consumer is the best kind, so hope this helps someone understand it a bit better.
0	It is a horrible burden to bear. . .   The financial security, the expensive vacations, the wonderful restaurants, the golf. . .   Truly, my life is empty.   Edit:  I'm not advocating money as a way of life.  But I'm trying to provide a reality check here.  Money is really, really, really nice to have.  Compared to a parallel universe with a poorer me, my kids grow up in a nicer neighborhood, get to play soccer, ski, or whatever, graduate with no student debt of any kind.  Meanwhile, when I get sick, I got to the hospital without worrying how I'm going to afford my mortgage.  When it is shitty in winter, I take two weeks and bring the fam and the grandparents to the dominican.   The idea that money does not improve your life is a hilariously farcical message that has been sold to you by big corporations (hollywood, hallmark, blah blah blah) attempting to appeal to your emotional purity.  I bet you same guys rage at wall street all the time for destroying the economy: by this logic, they are making your lives better by making you poorer.
1	Well, meta depends on the continent, so you won't see the main god-tier champion selected on eu/na, and you won't see the same bans. What's more, most teamcomps revolve around2 to 3 champions being picked first, and then categories of champion that fits well with them.  That's why you can see many gank junglers on NA : becaue they allow some control during laning phase, which is crucial for the late-game comps most teams run.  On EU though, you can see some more control-oriented champions, like lee/shyv for m5 (they mostly counter jungle and counter gank); or cho'gath for objective control/counter gank too.  I think the only lane where we see very common champs is bot, with ez/corki/graves + an offensive support when they want to swap.  Top/mid you see lots of vlads and yorick on every server, because they are strong picks that fit well in mot comps (If you remember, some time ago m5 ran mostly yorick, even if he didn't really fit their comp with a gragas mid and ez bot).  I think there's a god-tier of maybe 5 to 10 champions per role (bot lane counting as 1 role), so one third of lol's champs would go in this list, and others would still fit the meta but are more niche (like jarvan or viktor, being played by asian teams, or sivir by clg.na, etc).  I'd like to discuss the ideas behind teamcomps though just because I love thinking :)
1	Actually nearly every champ can deal with yorick. the secret lies in runes, masteries and items. i prefer Olaf and Riven against him. both have high hp regen from the get go. take 3 HP regen quints, 9/21/0 masteries (taking the hp regen and dmg reduction in the defense tree) and start with a regrowth pendant and pot. you have about 36 hp/5 at lvl 1. get boots and a doransshield or ruby next and trade happily with him. its important to not just take his harrass but to deal some harrass too. be aggressive and try to push him into his tower. he cant lasthit under tower very well. irelia and darius should work too. irelia has inate sustain and darius has high hp regen like olaf and riven hope i could help
0	I did the same thing hoping to read at the top, "nonsequitur_account" or something.
0	Hence the term
1	I like the editing on this video, but I feel like you just took every kill he made this day into this vid. Ofcourse, there are loads of good plays by him, but for example, at 2:35 it kinda looks to me like Mundo isnt trying his best or having lags and 3:22 he literally just Q's a low hp Mundo, which anyone could pull off.
1	Well, I mean if I was a pro, it would be a better use of my time using Lee Sin in solo queue since hes actually mechanically intensive. Most other competitive picks are just spam qwer and require map awareness more than mechanics, so they can easily be picked up in scrims.
0	I see nothing wrong with what you did. If it's an emergency, you should call an ambulance, the police, the fire department. Anything else is not really an emergency  for the driver .   I had someone try to do the illegal passing thing to me yesterday while I was on my bicycle. It was raining, dark, and I had strobe lights and a headlight. Motherfucker still pulled into the  MARKED  bicycle lane to pass traffic. A bicycle lane that I was currently occupying. I managed to avoid getting hit, and when he had to slow down half a block later, I parked my bicycle directly in front of him and let the rest of traffic pass him.
0	I have, and I have made plans to go back, but as of right now they haven't worked. When I dropped out of school I forfeited on the terms of my scholarship, leaving me in a lot of debt. Shortly after, I chose to marry, had 2 kids and then realized she was crazy. Throughout our marriage and subsequent divorce she found wonderful and fun ways to put me into even more debt. Fast forward 6 years of retail management and child support and I am just now getting to the bottom of all of that debt and mess. Couple that with the fact that I technically make too much for any grants, my credit is way too screwed for any loans, and I work in retail with no reimbursement or plans for education and it makes going back exceedingly difficult.
0	The same thing happened to me in 6th grade.  Our teacher would give is "tickets" for certain things, and I found a way to game the system and ended up with a fuckton of tickets.  I was going to McDonald's (Lunch at McD was a redeemable option) like a pimp.   Towards the end of the year we had this auction-like event where we could use our tickets to buy prizes.  This girl, Kelly, pretended to like me and I had a huge crush on her, so I bought this super nice bubble set for her with my tickets.   Then at recess, she gave the set to Stephen, this boy she liked, and they were playing with them.  I tried to join in because I wanted to be with her, and she told me I couldn't, which broke my little 6th grade heart.
1	When I was in Silver and Gold I would try and win my lane as much as possible. If you play consistently well then you will climb. You will have some games that are unwinnable but in the long run it should all work out. I would try and take control of the game when I played. Telling people what to do and such (be as nice as possible not obviously telling someone what to do...you know what i mean). For objective control is kind of a gut instinct or knowing when you will win a fight and when it is smart to do it minimize the risk, raise the reward. I have a lot more advice but alas i dont want to give everyone an essay in the comment section. Message me if you want more advice the biggest thing is wanting to improve. BTW I'm D1 atm :) Best of Luck
1	Does anyone else have this? I tried to connect from my friends pc and while chat on his account is working fine when I connect with his pic it still says the same. Anyone found a fix for this? I've tried all the things I could find - kill the process through task manager the relog, connect from different ip, change password and try to relog. Any help would be highly appreciated as not being able to duo and especially chat in champselect sucks big time.
0	I was intending to use fag because of the generalised derogatory connotations it conveys on this website. I thought it too extreme so I went with a watered down homophone of the word.   I'm not a homophobe and have many gay/bi friends. If I offended you personally I'm sorry. But that doesn't mean that I hate OP's ignorant responses or many of the ignorant comments on this thread any less.
0	One of the buzz words in any business these days is 'privacy.'  Here in Canada, we have the 'Privacy Act' that controls what information can be public and what can't be.  One of the things that an employer can't give out, without your permission, is compensation information.  Including how much you are paid, what hours you work, or any information that could be used to calculate that.  So, even in a union situation, and your hourly rate is probably common knowledge, your hours worked, or even projected to work, has to remain private.   This has meant that employees have had to 'opt in' to having their schedules public.  And bids for schedules, vacation, leaves, etc. can NOT be public, no one has the right to see what you want, or get scheduling wise, unless you GIVE permission to your company to do so.   Just as an example: We have always had certain claims for medical treatments paid directly to the supplier. They have just stopped that, quoting the privacy act, saying that the 'amount' of the payment given the supplier is disclosing 'compensation' information to the supplier, which is illegal.  So now, we have to pay up front, and wait to be reimbursed.   You might want to look into the laws in the area that you work, to see if this is a way of switching your vacation bid to a 'blind' bid, rather than an open one.  This way, she would have no idea what the others need, but would see that she did in fact get her first choice.   Long winded, but thought it might be something to look into.
1	I'm guessing you would get very different results by taking the mean age or if you take the median age. So, it depends on what you mean by average. Also, I'm guessing you would get different results in different ELO ranges. And you will definitely get different results by asking here on reddit vs asking in the actual game. Then there is a definite difference between physical age and mental age.
1	You seem to think that you are only an intentional feeder if you get a high amount of deaths. I have had many people who die 2 or 3 times then when people ask them to be more careful (ok most of the time they are being dicks about it, but still) they then intent feed 2 or 3 more kills to lose us the game.
1	Doesn't matter if he's done an ama already. Things have changed since his last AMA. Big things. Plenty of new questions can be asked since then. At the very least this lets him know that we want to hear from him/get a semblance of an interview from him.
0	I've never seen at
0	I'm not trying to troll or be rude, but did you check your sources of these papers? It's always interesting to see who funded the research. What I mean is, if Time Warner funded the research I would be weary on how accurate the facts are; there are many ways to skew these "facts". If you're LOOKING to find a group of people who aren't as impressionable by the media, I would look for well-educated, upper-class people who watch 0-2 hours of television a day. Inversely, if you were to ask an uneducated, lower-class person who watches 4+ hours a day you would have vastly different answers.  P.S. give us your sources, I'd love to give them a read.
0	I wish I could take credit for it but it was really when we rounded a corner and felt like we'd gotten far away, panting, rolling on some stuff we bought from a Nigerian gentleman at a corner bar:   Me "Guess that's where we leave the pub crawl." Andy looks right at me "the Bloc is so hot tonight"
0	Agreed. Why should r/atheism be put on the default front page?  Granted, they have a ton of readers. But imagine the outcry if r/christians ended up on the default front page. It's hypocrisy at it's best.  All r/atheism does anyway is circlejerk to posts about fundamentalists and crazy Texans.  Time to realize that they're no different.
0	Well, if you are doing this as a cyclists you clearly have a death wish. I remember this one time during the winter I saw this dude at 5 am who had a reflective best (so that people could see him) headphones on (I was able to hear the music from across the street), a whistle that he would blow when he was going from the sidewalk to the street and viceversa (so that drivers will notice him) BUT riding like an asshole (cyclist here) AND without a helmet on. I get it, people will notice you when you blow your whistle but   if they are distracted?
0	I don't understand. I studied from 9pm to 7am for a chem final, slept for about an hour and a half, took a different, easier final, came back and slept for a couple more hours, studied from 1pm to 7pm and took my chem final at 8:30pm. My grade on the final was a 62%. After studying for so long, I felt pretty confident and digested the information well, and no, I wasn't tired during the exam.
0	While that may be true, he would just be plain stupid to do $100 lessons. He makes more than that sitting on his couch lol. He reached the point in his career where his name alone is banking money from backwork. This would be like an average Joe doing guitar lessons at $1/hour. If he wanted more money, he would simply book venues and play 300 shows a year. Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if someone like Mayer clears closer to 100k a show. He is about as big as it gets when it comes to name recognition. Anyone playing stadiums gets about 50k. Mayer can sell out any stadium in the USA easily, and his tickets are not cheap.
1	Tribunal is not working write at the moment, for many reasons. The main reason is that there are some flaws in the human race. Ego is one of that, most people (I will exclude myself) can't accept their failure and want to put the blame on someone else. It's easier that way.   It's a five man game and if you lose then you did something wrong too. It could be that top, who fed the enemies, but what did you do to prevent that?   Refusing to communicate with the team in my humble opinion is the most serious reason for someone to get banned, because as Riot states this games is mostly about communication.   Intentionally feeding is something you can't prove, unless the feeder says that he is gonna feed, or he ignores on purpose team's pings.   Last but not least, I believe that most people just hit punish in Tribunal and you know why? Because you can earn something when you are doing this. If you hit punish in every case, then you will get ~80% right. That is good, you will still be able to access the Tribunal and win more IP. So, not so much time wasted and a good profit. Tribunal shouldn't have a reward, should be about giving back to Riot, for giving us that awesome game.   Another odd about Tribunal is that you can end up there, even if you have 10 reports out of 500 games, that is 1% and it's pretty low. People sometimes rage, even in their real life, it's normal because there are flaws in human race. Bad day at work, bad news. I admit that is not nice raging and insulting other people, but bad things happen, it's normal!
1	Nothing, they're a relatively new lineup and keeping everything in perspective, they've outperformed all expectations.
0	A similar instance happened to me.   I was about to do research in class for a project on the BP oil spill, and I went on Reddit to see what was good at 8:30 in the morning. The first link was to an article about how the oil spill still affected people to this day, along with some decent information about the issues BP was having with the corexit compound.
1	That would be dreadful. 99% of the games there wouldn't have a "good play" that would be useful as a clip. Not to mention having to watch 30-50 min of gameplay that you can't rewind or record.
0	The way it's going, it's likely that both will be legal in all 50 states "soon".   With the marijuana, since some states have legalized it, their exposure will become more mainstream, but more importantly is the legislative part of it. Obama could very well overturn the state's decisions to make marijuana legal, but he basically is just turning the other way and telling his staff or whatever "there are bigger issues to deal with than marijuana", so the states are getting to keep their laws.   "what about the next president, can't he just overturn the state's laws since federal laws always win?" Yes, technically they could, but, for lack of a better term, it would be "political suicide" (i think it's a bit dramatic of a term, but people use it). Unless the next president is someone who wears a "drugs are bad" button every day, it's likely that following presidents will follow Obama's example and just "ignore" it.   As for gay marriage, it's obvious that more states are coming through and "allowing" gay marriage. Personally I think gays should be able to form a civil union or whatever so that the religious people get their way (gays can't get "married" by a church), and the gays get their way and can be recognized by the government. Arguably there might be some gays that are religious and want to be recognized by god, but those are probably few and far between and I don't know how the religious side really works so I don't have much of an opinion on it.
0	This isn't too surprising. [This link]( was posted on reddit about a month ago and essentially details how studies are saying severely homophobic people are actually self-phobic.
0	Here's a long story that probably noone will read but here goes.   When I was about 12 I went with my family to visit some friends that lived in New Jersey. We landed in Newark and drove to their house in Ramsey. Well apparently at some point during our first night there I farted in my 7 year old sister's mouth and woke her up and she went to find my parents. She didn't see them in the living room so she went outside, then down the street. So here is this 7 year old girl walking around New Jersey at 6 am. Some lady finds her and asks where she's from and she says "New York" (thinking that's where we landed.) So this lady freaks out and calls the police and they finally discover where my family is. So my dad wakes up to a knock on the door and answers it to find two police officers there when one of them asks "do you have a daughter named Jenna?" My dad freaks out, says yes and they hand her over to my dad and she's just eating a bunch of donuts like nothing was wrong.
1	It was a joke, I thought I made that obvious with the winky face :( And there's the fact that my
0	D.C. GAH. Young me (10-12 years old) and family went there a while back, and stayed for several days going to museums and the like. Well, I had a pair of jeans I really liked. Cargo pants. Heck yes. Little me loved pockets and putting stuff in pockets. They were even better than that, though, because they had zippers, and stuff wouldn't fall out! Now, the problem with zippers is that they're made of metal...but hardly any metal, right? Ha. So I put on my fly zipper and two pocket zipper pants, and we head to the Holocaust museum.   Now, the Holocaust already set me off. My parents had a hard enough time getting me to go into the building in the first place. We get our little booklet, and head through the detectors. I'm the third out of four to go through, and all hell breaks loose. Alarms beeping, guards running up and pulling me away from everyone else. Other guards are shoving my father away while he tries to comfort freaking-out little me, and all the while my mom can't even see what's going on because they haven't let anyone else go through the detectors. They bring out the wand and go allll over me with it. Every time it goes past the tops of my pockets, it beeps. They tell me to empty my pockets, but my pockets are empty. They tell me to stop hiding whatever it is, and just empty my pockets! Again, I tell them my pockets are empty!   Fast forward 15 minutes, a very angry father and mother stomp away from the security booths, followed by a small boy who is absolutely miserable, and a rather indifferent older sister. The boy curls up in the corner of each room of the museum.   It happens at every single museum he goes to that day.   He now has small panic attacks whenever he goes through store detectors. They're smaller than they used to be; his entire body doesn't tense and tingle, and his heartrate doesn't race, but the memory of that day hasn't left.   Oh yeah. Edit:
0	I was caught using my phone during an exam in college. The professor took it away and left the room for a few minutes. I turned my exam in at the end of class and he told me to stick around. He had given my phone to the department head. The department head was busy so we were told to come back in an hour. I went to the computer lab for and hour then went back. Still busy so I went for a walk for an hour around campus. Felt like shit for two hours because I was an idiot.   Finally we had a meeting with the department head and went over what happened. My phone was locked so they couldn't see what I was looking at. The head asked what I was doing and I told him I was looking up the value for a constant we needed. My professor has told us not to study a certain portion of the material because it wouldn't be on the test. Since he said it wouldn't be on there, I didn't have any notes on my index card of equations. The professor had provided an equation sheet for us as well and it did not have the value on it either. The professor swore he gave us the constant on the sheet but I had him look at it to confirm it was not there. I was let off with a rather harsh warning and told I had to sit in the front row for the rest of the semester. He said he wanted to act like it never happened.   When we got the test back, I got to keep the grade on it and was told I did not have to retake it. He said that I did it myself because he found the phone during the first 10-15 minutes of class. He apologized to the class about leaving out the value and scaled the test 15 points. My grade was an 87 which I was thrilled about. I then noticed he added up my grade wrong. I went to his office after class, pointed out his adding error, and ended up making a 95 on the test. I still can't believe I had the balls to do that.
1	I can give you a little run down on Korea since it doesn't look like anyone has yet.   Regular Season Format   So unlike both the NA and EU LCS, which each have 8 teams, the Korean league (OGN) has 16 teams. These 16 teams are separated into 4 groups. In each group, every team plays every other team in a best of 2. If a team wins both games, they earn 3 group points. If the teams go 1:1, each team earns 1 group point. If a team loses both games, they earn 0. At the end of the round robin, the top two teams from each group advance to the play-offs. The brackets are drawn randomly, but every first place team from groups plays a second place team from groups in the first round.   Play-Offs  Not a ton to say here. Every match is a best of 5 and the winner advances in typical bracket fashion. However, OGN does implement an interesting practice that none of the other leagues do. If the series goes to a fifth game, the teams play a Blind Pick game instead of the typical Draft Pick style. While in Draft Pick, each team bans 3 champions and takes turns picking, in Blind Pick, there are no bans and the enemy picks are unseen. This generally seems to be popular among the fans, as it allows players to use their best champs, and creates more mind-games with the strategy.   Circuit Points  Here I'll discuss the OGN method used to qualify for Worlds. So in the West, only the Summer split matters in terms of Worlds qualification. Basically the top 3 teams from the play-offs go to Worlds and that's that. OGN instead uses a circuit point system. OGN also has three splits in a season (Winter, Spring, Summer), while the West only has two (Spring and Summer). Teams in Korea are awarded circuit points based on how they do each split. These are distributed as follows (NLB is the lower league that teams are dropped into if they fail to make it to the quarterfinals of OGN. Basically 1st in NLB is equivalent to 5th overall):       Place   OGN   NLB           1st   400   75       2nd   225   60       3rd   150   50       4th   100   40       5-8th   x   20       9-12th   x   10           After all three splits, the two teams with the highest number of circuit points are automatically qualified for Worlds. The 3rd spot is fought for in a gauntlet of sorts. Based on circuit point ranking, the 6th team plays the 5th team in a Bo5, the winner of which plays the 4th team, and the winner of that plays the 3rd team. The last team remaining gets the remaining spot for Worlds. The circuit points remain significant, as the 6th place team would have to win three Bo5s to qualify, while the 3rd place team would only have to win one.   Region as a Whole  Korea is pretty much considered by all to be the strongest region by a significant margin. Last season's World Champions (SK Telecom T1 K) won the tournament in a fairly convincing fashion, losing only 3 games, 2 of them to another Korean team. They also 3-0d the other finalist, Royal Club of China. Korea has also swept the two major international tournaments so far this year. The KT Bullets went undefeated at IEM, and SKT T1K went undefeated at All-Stars.   The Top Teams  Korea allows for sister teams, and almost every team in OGN is part of the same organization as another. In the West, each organization is only allowed to have one team in the LCS. Following Season 3 Worlds, SKT T1K remained an extremely dominant force, winning OGN Winter without dropping a single game, which has never happened before. Their mid-laner Faker was (and still is by many) considered to be the best player in the World. After the Winter season, SKT fell into a bit of a slump, after the temporary leave of their support player, PoohManDu. OGN Spring was won by Samsung Blue, the sister team of Samsung White (formerly Ozone), who were one of the representatives of Korea at Worlds last year. Mid-laner Dade is the star player of Blue, and previously played for White. Dade slumped extremely hard at Worlds, but is back in form and one of the top mids in Korea. He was dubbed the "King of Spring", as he has won both the last two OGN spring seasons. Once with Samsung White, and once with Samsung Blue. At the moment, many consider the top 3 Korean teams to be Samsung Blue, Samsung White, and SKT. This is reflected in the circuit point standings, as Blue and SKT are tied for first at 450, having each won a split, with White in a close third at 375.   Conclusion  So that's about all I can manage to type at this hour. There are a lot of other noteworthy teams in Korea that I can give a rundown of tomorrow if you'd like, though I understand if you skipped this response as I now realize it's somewhat lengthy. The Play-offs for OGN Summer start this week, I'd recommend checking them out if you're interested in getting more into the scene. Widely considered to be the highest level of play!
1	Kennen has an advantage during laning since he is based off of energy. It means that his ability use isn't limited by how much mana he has. On the flip side, once Riot balances Kennen to have a fair laning phase, his energy system is a handicap - he can't build mana to really get past the mana use limits he has during laning, so he's limited during teamfights. Furthermore, getting cooldown reduction doesn't help either, since Kennen will quickly run into energy limitations.   Fundamentally, mana-based champions are limited by their mana system during laning, but getting past mana issues is highly rewarded, especially by cooldown reduction. Energy-based champions are limited less by mana issues during laning, but miss out on the rewards for dealing with mana issues.
1	I am a person who also transfered to the brazilian server and o can tell that some of the things he stated are true. Brazilians like to flame pretty early in the game ( not that you should do it at all, but doing it because of an early mistake is awfull ). However, if we want to have a better community, redditing about how bad it is won't change anything. Trying to educate these people by giving tips on the game and asking for more polite answers is a good way to improve it and stimulate other people to come to the Brazilian server and improve the matchmaking system. Next time try to post something more positive, asking for colaboration and better actions and even more patience so we can have better experience. That being said I can say I am not disapointed of tranfering - at least not yet - and I can't say I was getting pissed with NA players too.
0	I guess you don't have a tablet, laptop, or a smartphone. Barnes and Nobles doesn't believe in the staying power of books. Paper companies are losing sales as time goes by. Every green initiative involves going paperless. You've been able to get out of handwritten notes since the tape recorder came out in the 70s (I'm not sure of that decade, so don't quote me). I'm sure some people will still be writing things down, people still insisted that cars were unsafe and still drove horse drawn carriages well into the 1900s. But to say that the printing press of the modern age won't affect our culture as a whole is ridiculous.   I don't care if you write your grocery list in cursive in ten years time. Hell, I honestly don't care if you write in cursive now. But to insist that it is vital that we teach children am outmoded style of writing that they usually don't ever see (computers happen to print, not scrawl) is just being obtuse. Especially if we know that typing does every thing better than cursive that cursive did better than hand written print: typing is faster, easier on the hands, and it looks more official.
1	When I watch streamers, I like the following things:   -Tips centered around how you personally get ahead in that lane, such as when you like to push, how you connect your play style to map awareness (for instance different top laners explain different mindsets on aggression in connection to the enemy jungler and pushing.) -music (is nice to listen to, but not too loud that it blocks you out) -commentary (be detailed, and talk a ton.  Don't only give insight into your play and what's around you, but also talk about champions and reasons why different people are doing well (if there's downtime like a farmfest, practically shoutcasting your lane can be nice. -As someone else said, reliable times is amazing helpful. That way I don't tune in and hope to get lucky. -humor, make it funny, addict us to your personality. A lot of streamers are quirky, whereas you seem to be more of the chill type, similar to guardsman bob. Try to combine humor with your demeanor, and make something of a brand for yourself if you can. Unlike the yelling that highlights some streamers (Hotshotgg sometimes, and the rainman, which has been known to be a turnoff sometimes,) find something like Dyrus' monotone/pillow, or oddone's act of blaming champions for mistakes, never actual players--it's something that the viewers look for when they're watching and enjoy.
1	by the time she gets that warmogs as a support she's pretty much the squishiest support down there. While in soloqueue it works wonders, in competitive 5's a coordinated team would just feed off of her before she has the chance to farm it forcing the midgame to hit too early, force soraka to teamfight without items and the game is pretty much 5v4 further setting her back.
1	I started with HoN for about 4 years ago, I and it was an amazing game! But then s2 pretty much destroyed it, every champ they released was OP as fk, there was never any balance at all. And then  dota came and it was just like HoN was during the beta, really amazing,  but after all those years with HoN i quickly grew tired of it and started with LoL instead!
1	I play bots mostly due to my experiences in normal games.  I'm not a bad player, I've just seen enough immature idiots who ruin my experience to justify not playing normals again.  I don't seem to get that  as much  in bot games.   As for the 'KS' problem you guys seem to be talking about, it varies based on the person.  Some people think you're KSing if you're in their lane, others only whine if you're blatantly KSing (they do all the damage, you snipe last hit).  I'm fine with people helping out in my lane, I do it too if I'm steamrolling, but I do call people out if they're just going around sniping last hits from people capable of finishing it on their own.  It's not so much because it's a point contest, but because it's just bad manners.  People play to have fun, and it's no fun to work a champ down to 100 hp or less and have someone ghost in and pop them off when you could have just as easily killed them on your own.  I don't rage-panda though, which helps things not escalate.   Bot games are inherently less competitive, and I've never claimed to be amazing b/c of my performance against bots, but I also dislike people raging because I choose to play bots over people.  To each their own, move on.   To OP: Jungling is perfectly legit in bot games, I've been playing WW quite a bit lately and I usually don't get too many complaints.  Some people are just a little high strung, don't let them get to you, there are sensible bot players out there :)
1	What you can do is different each game based on the role you are in, the way the game is going, and your personal skill mechanics wise. Wall of text inc.   If you are toplane, I would recommend learning champions that are hard to shut down ( I play a lot of teemo and jayce), and get good at winning lane.  If you are really above your tier, you will usually win lane and take tower early.  Then focus on pushing mid/pressuring dragon while still keeping your tower up in toplane.  After mid turret goes down, it is time to start thinking about grouping up and pushing as a team.  It is up to your team and teamfights usually by this point.   If you are midlane, either focus on winning lane, or if you don't seem to have kill potential, roam for kills.  it is harder to take the tower in mid, and often you can get yourself killed doing it alone.  Unless you can kill your lane, roaming (don't roam too early and get behind your opposing laner) seems to be the best option.   as a jungler, I think you will have the hardest time carrying the game, because it is hard for you to do anything without your teammates following up.  Identify which lanes are good for ganking, which lanes might need help, and which lanes are a waste of time.  If the enemy toplane is kennen, either gank early, or don't plan on ganking unless your toplane has CC.  read the gank before it happens and make sure you can actually kill the laner without your lane dying, 2v1 isn't always a guaranteed success, so don't bait your teammate into dying.  As a jungler, you decide when dragon can be taken, so keep an eye on every lane's progress and determine when you can gain an advantage safely.   As an ADC, again, your mechanics should win lane, but regardless, farm as much as possible and be present for teamfights.  Don't be farming the jungle while the rest of the team is at dragon or pressuring a tower, because you are the one that can do the damage to get these objectives, but don't run around the map aimlessly.  If you get bottom tower, move up to dragon or up to midlane and take mid.  if you aren't there as the ADC, it is hard to take objectives properly.   As a support you can carry just like every other position, but you aren't able to come back from a bad situation single handedly.  Like the jungler, you are very reliant on the team, but that doesn't make you unimportant.  early game, you are a laner just like everyone but the jungler, and your job is to make your ADC win lane.  In mid-late game, your ward placement often determines who wins.  You set up a perimeter for objectives, and you keep your carry alive/initiate fights(a lot like the jungler).  The higher the level of play, the more powerful the role of a support/jungler becomes, so it can be harder to climb the ladder in these positions in my opinion.   Hopefully this helps, it is all about how you progress the game in my opinion. You have to lead the team and if you are a higher tier player, you will have the K/D/A for them to trust you most of the time.   I'm only gold V right now on NA, but this is just because i don't play ranked much... my winrate is great so far.  My IGN is whiterabbi
1	Nunu's been my main almost since day one and...   Yes, his late game is bad.  Very bad.  The one thing I've started doing (which is much easier to do in the jungle) is to change your build order so that your AP comes out of nowhere and you'll get tons of kills just because they don't expect you to jump from 8 AP to 204 in one or two buys.     Meki+Pots   Catalyst+Boots   Debuff boots+Tear (still no AP, but you're a farming/slowing/ganking machine)   Rod or AA or Veil or Rabadingdong's Hat or Lich Bane if you're getting especially fed.  Frozen Heart is your best best friend if you're against AD.  I usually end up with Veil and Abyssal if I'm against AP.     But yeah.  Your key items are Debuff boots, AA, Frozen, Veil and the Hat (which sucks because if you're not against AD, you can't really get that frozen and put it to full use!).  I'd say GA is a waste unless you're running cleanse and quick with it (Nunu gets focused pretty hard by stuns, given his ult and his short range).  Personally, I prefer Flash/Smite when I'm jungling so I don't play GA.   Also, alt+w to self cast your buff will save you when running away frantically.  Also also, watch your buff's cooldown instead of casting when it comes up because you'll be getting a decent amount of CDR (this is probably obvious unless you're new, but I played Nunu as a total noob =P).   Anyway.  That's my little shpiel on Nunu.  Hope it helps.
1	Yup, and if you go to Alliance vs UOL the entire thread is just ''APPLE PIE EAT SHIT EU JAJAJAJ'' and those ''EU mad KR jelly'' photos, and dozens of posts shitting on EU ''apologists'' when there are absolutely none there. I think there were actually more anti-EU comments than pro-NA ones, and even then it was just NA people going ''fuck yeah NA>EU''.   Which is fine, I think it's funny, the thing that pisses me off is how NA fans keep saying that they're just having fun and there's no harm done, but when EU do it they're ''insensitive'' and ''not happy with their own victory but laughing at people losing''. Then TSM lose and you have this sea of hatred coming from NA fans on their own team, but when EU fans are disappointed that Alliance did so poorly at worlds then EU are just salty losers who have nothing better to do but to trash teams who tried their best, when the opposite is usually true. Fnatic fans are the most amazing and supportive people I've ever seen, they were overflowing with pride for their team even though they didn't get any results. Hell even when Alliance lost at IEM the top comment in the post-game thread was an Alliance fan making fun of himself.  You go to any European events and the crowds are incredible. Singing happy birthday to Faker, cheering on both EU and NA teams and showed up for the final even though there were no western teams in it. The vast majority of times I see EU fans they're supportive and there's a very small percentage of salt, probably the same amount present in NA fans at times.   Trash talk and jokes are fine, but I feel like NA fans take it way more to heart and act the victim and place blame on EU when we're usually doing virtually the same thing. An EU fan can make a joke about NA and get downvoted to hell and called desperate and salty, then an NA fan replies with ''Kabum'' and it gets like double the upvotes and people going ''get rekt EU scrubs''   I'd really like if both sides accept their own faults (I'm not trying to say that EU are perfect, not by a long shot, we're some salty motherfuckers at times) and stopped pointing fingers and trying to crown themselves as ''the superior fanbase'' and that the other side are salty and toxic. While this post does seem a little biased I just wanted to highlight that NA fans aren't as honourable and 'laid back' as you think you guys are, and shouldn't give out to us about toxicity and salt if you guys have a ton of it too.
0	Your mother's vagina is the first one your penis touches. [In fact some women experience an orgasm during childbirth](
0	This is actually a very sound survival strategy in a world where the lack of money is the primary source of grief and frustration with life.   In addition, it is especially true in a world where men are programmed from a very young age to judge women based on their physical appearance, which leads them to choose their mates based on those characteristics.
0	Yeah I get it.. but what I'm saying, is that maybe employers can attract more talent by being logical. And I'm saying employees can maybe find better jobs that will hire them with the same qualifications that a job that will treat you like an idiot would.   How many times did I get shut out of potential dead end careers by just saying "you know what... I'm not putting up with this". Mind you I had hardship... but it's probably much easier to get a job at McDonalds and never push yourself to a better job if that's the type of mindset we're looking for.
1	I'd say it has more to do with the current FOTM. Assassins seem to be big right now, so we see them more as well as a lot of CC to help them do their job. Some picks, like Shen and Karthus, are inherently strong because of their kits; the only way that they would fall out of favor is Riot remaking them, which isn't going to happen.   We didn't see many assassins at all at S2 Worlds even though many popular champions (Eve, Diana, Kat) were just as powerful then as they are now, if not more so. The DFG was significantly more powerful then, too. The only significant difference between the S2 Worlds patch and the Elise patch are the new champs and nerfs to Sona (giving her less effective level 1 health than a melee minion), Ezreal, and a few others. Leona, a popular pick at Worlds, has barely been picked at all at IPL despite the fact that she hasn't changed a bit while Ezreal and Sona are still seen pretty often despite their nerfs.
0	Personal anecdote here:   When I was a kid my dad put a floor to ceiling map of the world in the main hallway of our house. I walked by that thing every day for ~12 years. To this day I ROCK at geography (though countries in Africa have changed a lot in the last 30 years), and have won many a drink in bars being able to name national capitals from around the world.
1	Ask your question on stackoverflow, i dont want to be an asshole, but i think your question have nothing related to LoL by itself.   It's about javascript development, ask it to a developers community/forum :/   If the html link was a parallax animation about a BWM car, would you ask this to a BWM drivers community ?   So, first thing you need to know with development : learn to search informations at the right place :)
1	basically the game will take damage taken and add in resistance with this formula (assuming armor for simplicity):  DAMAGE - (DAMAGE x armor/(armor+100)) = health lost .  so an attack with 100 damage hitting 50 armor would be :  100 x 50/150 , or  100 - (100 x .333)  meaning  67  damage would be dealt.  if you add in another 50 armor, you get 50% reduction, or 50 damage.  this shows a diminishing return in effective reduction, though each point will give you the same amount of effective health as each other point.   basically this means that armor or MR act as a multiplier to your health bar for a specific damage type, and work best if both are increased.  However, one thing to note is that it is easier to heal a target that has low health and high effective health, so if you know you have a strong healer or will be using spell vamp/lifesteal, you may want to favor going for resistances over health.   as far as tank vs carry, the formula works the same for a carry, but since you are itemizing damage on a carry it is usually easier to grab health instead of focusing two resistances (unless a team is heavy ad/ap)
0	I'm 21 years old, and have worked in the restaurant business since I was 15. I've seen more raw meat in one of those years than you'll likely see in your entire life. I've slaughtered and butchered multiple animals, and likely know more about food, and food preparation than you do. I must know more about biology as well...since I know that mammals have closed circularity systems.
1	Well here is the thing. A lot of people get pissed if someone on their team is feeding, people getting pissed usually leads to flaming. This gets the game no where, instead try to tell the player what he is doing wrong. I know that a lot of people live under the asumption that 99% of the people on the internet is idiots, but hey atleast try to help out. Also IE if it is the laning phase that is failing for a person, try help him out. Ask him if he wants to switch lane, or get some ganks going in his lane. It's ofc important to do this BEFORE the enemy have been fed a lot.
1	I'm in the same boat - I played 250 Cho games last season in ranked :D I also agree with you for the mid lane. Rupture is very good, and landing it really is a matter of practice. It's definitely way too strong to be discounted. AP Cho's burst is incredibly strong.   However, I don't think Cho's main problem is the stack loss on death. It's not snowbally in the sense that Feast gives you advantages for kills. It's a matter of adjusting play to the game so you are forced to prioritize Feast/hp over kill potential. I think this is a very good mechanic to Cho because it encourages diversity and differences in playstyle. I think what should be addressed however, is the utility issue with Cho. He's very nice in team fights, but he has huge issues doing anything with the long CDs on Rupture/Scream unless you've built him as a tanky bruiser - He sort of diddles around and sits on your carry in a fight so enemies can't click him.
1	I had a ranked game earlier this week where I was playing as Nautilus, and had probably the most rough start I have ever had. The enemy team had a blitz so i decided to do my anti invade route starting at red figuring I they would go for my blue. Obviously they do and don't find me so half their team comes running straight to my red before I am able to finish it because my mid and top left after single autos. I go back and heal to head to their blue seeing talon bottom. Next thing i know both their top and mid come and jump me there because our lanes were being out pushed. I didn't get blue and had to blow my flash just to survive.   Now it was around the 4 minute mark and I was still level 1. Obviously both me and my team were very frustrated at this point. But instead of arguing, I say look I'm way behind and I need to farm to get levels play it safe and ward up. I started afk farming the small camps, and everytime a laner went to base I went to their lane to soak up as much exp as possible. Eventually I caught up to bot lane around the 15 minute mark and we were behind on towers and behind on kills in every lane except somehow bot lane. The enemy team highly underestimated me strength come the first real team fight and the power of a tank's cc. And they were too ballsy. Slowly but surely we forced objectives and in the end we won.
0	I've been on the opposite end of this, where for some reason my mother kept driving on the right side, even though it said there was construction ahead, for like 5 miles. I was like "mom, why are you still in this lane?" she said "I don't know, I'm just going to keep going." People kept trying to block her, positioning their cars almost horizontal, and she kept going. Just drove around them.   And we never had to merge. There was no construction.
1	in my experience, AD Nidalee is for solo queue and just requires you to run in full retard where as AP Nidalee requires a team who can capitalize on your massive poke damage.
0	Over half a decade of talking to an internet friend, we degenerated into only ever using ;P and ;p. This, in turn, made our conversations become more and more hostile over the years as it seemed we were always having a go at each other. One day I just said, hey, we have a problem. It was like a dating talk but with a guy. Since that day we haven't used those emoticons.. hang on, I just realised text smilies aren't really emoticons but yeah whatever, we're here now. Yeah, we only use the non-winky versions, i.e. :P :p, and things have never been better.
1	I've played shyvana three times. Won 3 times. Not talking from experience but I'm having a hard time imagining this. At least what you learn is you need to play more carefully. That's what I've done so far, and with Patience, never got to an all in kill pre lvl 6.
0	If you read the owners manuals of certain vehicles of certain years and manufacturers, they discourage either the use of the low grade stuff, (for the protection of your engine) or they discourage/ don't advocate the use of the higher octane stuff because the engine was tested and EPA'd on regular. Others still recommend only premium for ultimate engine performance. I personally run low grade in my domestic truck, and premium in my import because it stumbles and misses on the lower octane fuel. It's a preference really, and mid grade is a decent quality and cost compromise.
1	By more options, I mean, you have team (a), that only does standard setup, bans skarner, morg, etc. And only plays to the meta with which they were received. Now, you have team (b), that has more than just the standard game layout as it is now, and can choose to expand upon their own tactics by say, doing this strategy.   With that in mind, it matters not who team (a) bans, as they'll indubitably harm themselves in gearing towards trying to prevent just one facet of team (b)'s gameplay.
1	Your request isn't an easy one to answer. Because basically what you want to prove is entertainment is good for society, and technology has increased the forms and delivery methods of entertainment that are available.   So the quote you want in this case shouldn't be one which proves that technology is directly a good thing for society, you want a quote that proves that technology has improved/increased/diversified the forms of entertainment that exist and you'll need some other evidence to support your claim that entertainment is good for society (I am not so sure that this is 100% true mind you, but I digress).   From this point of view, I believe you would be better of quoting numbers instead of a "catch phrase". For instance, you could find the articles that quote how many viewers watched the Season 2 World Championship Finals (wasn't it like 8,000,000+ viewers?), or you may want to quote the number of active LoL players around the globe or the number of hours of LoL played every X period of time. You might want to look at some streaming stats and quote how at any given time there are tens of thousands of viewers watching streams that regular people broadcast from their own house.   If you want to prove that technology is good for society because it provides job opportunities and use LoL as an example, you could talk about how the LCS hires these e-Sports players or how many people live purely off the income they get from their streams.   If you want to prove that technology brings people closer together, you could talk about a number of things I've already covered, or about how it brings people out to these live events like PAX or Gamescom or the World Finals. Or how people will even organize local viewing parties where people line up around the block just to get a chance to watch some games with other people who share a passion for this game.
1	And see that's not necessarily true. You're talking about an all or nothing definition of pay to win where as the post I originally responded to was talking about a varying level pay to win so the posters definition that I commented on is my definition not yours.   Yes there are straight pay to win games. But there are also varying levels of pay to win. For instance, Conquer online. It's a game where yes you can obtain absolutely everything if you grind hard enough, however, a lot of the player base stopped playing it when they felt it became very P2W as they introduced a system where the most valuable items could be bought with real money, items that were theoretically possible to create but only a rare few had done it because the grind for them would be incredible.   So yes, LoL is very low on the P2W spectrum at almost free considering buying extra runepages only give you an advantage if you know how to use them, however, it still presents a distinct advantage and is thus MORE P2W then DoTA2 which is completely free.
1	Why are you pissed that you can't have bewitching Nidalee or Definitely Not Blizcrank??   The whole point of the limited sale was for the items to be limited only for the time period of the sale. IT is your fault for missing it.   This is like complaining to a retail store about missing a sale.   Riot is sticking to their words about "Limited" and some people bought those skins because they were limited and the value sticks to the skins.   & plus i think Garena servers came up after Riot so they started later than Riot did.
1	Are you stupid? First of all, the fact that I main GP is HUGE in this argument.   >"listen dude, I'm the best, don't even try anything else because it's wrong before I even look at it."   I didn't say this, or anything CLOSE to it. I said AP GP is bad. Don't believe me? His Q has NO Ap ratio. With new Lichbane it does (105 base AD level 18) + 500AP? = 355 DMG (DAMN THAT BURST, Critplank doesn't do 1k damage per Q or anything...). The heal on your W? 1.0 Ratio, sure. By the time you can use the heal and receive the full 700~ heal, you're most likely dead due to lack of tankiness. If you don't use W to remove CC you die instantly, so it's useless. Your E? Virtually useless stats on APGP. Sure, free move speed. Your ult? Absolutely horrible scaling and unreliable. You can do 0 damage with your ult, no matter how much AP you have if no cannonballs hit. Even so, the ratio is lackluster and is useless even for teamfights. It's only relatively good for AoE slow on disengages/engages.   MEANWHILE.   Korean Gangplank of Stattik Shiv + Wits End is great. Your passive (GP has a passive, today you learned) is a 40% slow at level 1, as well as magic DoT. If you abuse the passive with the Shiv's passive (which can crit magic damage) as well as wit's end passive (42 bonus magic damage on hit, plus stealing MR), you do tons of damage. Building full tank from there, means you can reliably survive and actually be relevant to your team.
0	Why say something that hurts others if you don’t need to?   in my case, i've spent a lot of time being considerate of others, and it turns out that people do not care. nobody repays you for stepping out of their way before they ask.  but to actually meet people's bullshit criteria, i have to repress myself so fully that it becomes a problem in my life.  i have tried to be respectful of women, but it's resulted in women not finding me a compelling partner, despite being better looking and more intelligent than most people.  people always said "treat women like people", and i tried.  at 29, i've realized that i have not had a single fucking woman who was in my potential mating pool ever treat me like i was a person.  so why put myself at a disadvantage?   i've found lately that not editing myself constantly is the only way i can be happy.  i edit myself on occasion, and i apologize when i hurt someone's feelings, but people have this stupid idea that if someone says something "offensive" that it invalidates the message.  they will block the message even if the "offensive" thing is not offensive to them, but rather offensive to a group they feel guilty about.   and again, offensive by what criteria?  i pretty much raised myself in a fishing village in mexico, so if we go by the norm, not a single one of my values is worthwhile.  despite the fact that i have a transcultural, more thoroughly reasoned perspective that is less influenced by social indoctrination.   if i edit myself to prevent potential offenses, it will destroy my life.  maybe i am more aware of potential offenses than other people.  but i find being offended about something that doesn't pertain to you to be one of the most fucking ludicrous things in the world.  being hurt, okay.  being offended by something that pertains to you, i will humor you.  but come on.  chasing inoffensiveness is the most ignoble shit on the planet.   as a white male, i can't even represent my own interests without offending people.  so where do i put the boundary?  as a musician, can i say "bitches" if i am referencing a trope in rap music?  or is that off limits?  can i say fuck in my lyrics if i mean fuck?  oh no, that offends people.  hell, being gay offends people.  but i guess that probably only offends people who are too sensitive, right?   "OP is a faggot" may hurt people's feelings, but only through a failure to grasp reality.  only through a failure to let shit on the internet slide.  only through a failure to understand how memes work.  it's a big fucking ball of fail.
1	On the passive you forgot to include that the champion or tower must die within the 3 second time period of her hitting them. So it won't happen on certain champs that ran out of your range or you get zoned. I think it doesn't need to be changed as it's really situational.     Switcheroo! - Her Q doesn't seem all that powerful as people make it out to be. You have 525 range in mini-gun form. That is grave's range. Graves can deal with that range with his defensive passive, mobility from E, and great trading with AA Q AA. Jinx has no defensive ability in her kit, no displacement move, nor any great trading abilities. Sticking with her lore, Caitlyn should absolutely dominate her in laning phase. The rocket launcher portion only increases in range when leveling it. The 110% damage and aoe will push the lane and not trade as good as other ADCs. This is a really fun ability. If this skill needs any nerfs then I would suggest having the atk speed stacks degrade every 2 seconds (1.5 seconds maybe?). Double edged sword really. Go into dangerous range, but have great single target damage or have massive range & aoe, but must alter your build path to more atk speed oriented items to be effective (currently she is tied with nautilus with the lowest attack speed per level in the game at 1% per level).     Zap! - Her W's scaling will certainly be nerfed. The range could maybe use a nerf down to 900. I think the animation could also be a little more visible.     Flame Chompers! - Her E's base damage is pretty troll. However, it is AP scaling so maybe high base damage is needed? I still think it should be a tad bit lower. The root duration I also think should scale with the level of the ability. I say keep the AP scaling.     Super Mega Death Rocket - Her ultimate's missing HP% damage (25/30/35) is pretty powerful. Most likely will be nerfed or the AD scaling will be removed. The missile speed does not need to be lowered.       Incredibly fun champ. As for build orders, it depends what you want from her Q. Runaan's procs off rocket launcher, botrk doesn't proc off rocket launcher, and maxing Q with mini-gun form is like a free phantom dancer as long as you keep the stacks up.   I'm still not sure what the optimal skill path is. Maxing Q gives great sustain damage, ranged AA harass, and will greatly help your mid-game damage, but no burst. W has unit collision so you won't be able to trade with it unless the opponent is not positioning well. E with its high base damage seems like it would be good, but with the arming time you have to rely on the opponent's bad positioning/knowledge of Jinx's abilities.   Final thoughts: After the inevitable nerfs, she will have a rough time in the laning phase. I am also pretty sure she won't be used in competitive play unless teams can force a 2v1 lane. I think her laning phase is just too brutal compared to the other competitive ADCs.
1	It doesn't "proc" on ranged. You must CS normally on Thresh which makes it harder since there is no "execute"
1	You are so right and after the game complaining on social media...it's like Brasil complaining that Germany scored them 7 goals of course a team won't hesistate to destroy you if you let them the chance...there aren't only ponies and candies out there. The real world is harsh.
0	And now you're raking in all the karma on /r/adviceanimals like all the other people who come to whine about mods enforcing the rules of their subreddit. I guess the rules of a subreddit are just too
1	Nah, it's impossible to get demoted with just 12 defeats. You need to fall to around plat 5 MMR, you will get a message about it before it happens. From the wiki :   > If you are in division 5 of a tier and your MMR drops an entire tier, you will be warned about possible demotion. For example, a player in Gold V would receive a warning upon reaching Silver V MMR
1	As a jungle main, I have a HUGE variety of junglers to choose from, you dont need the strongest "meta" one to win, you just need to be good, even though imho almost all of the junglers are already balanced. I dont even want another new jungler in the scene, i dont want a new jungler to learn and adapt to, i have enough to adapt to all the new champs from all the lanes since im the one ganking them.
1	Guys, don't get me wrong, but, I'm kinda glad this rule has/will be kicked in. Such strong players from other continents such as (the entire Asian region) would just move to another region and use their strength over the somewhat stereotyped 'weaker regions' to gain a spot in Worlds where they may not have been able to do that in their home region. Eventually, the entire NA/EU scene could have just been filled with more Asian Teams hoping to get a shot at worlds where in reality, they may have never have been able to win in their own region.
0	I don't find that justified. Getting paid $75 a month, to not get your sister out of shitty situation. That's not cool.   Let's assume OP is telling the truth about everything. This means she's a druggy. Ever wondered what caused that? Maybe it was the anal brother who misunderstood her. Maybe it was the cheating husband, who for all we knows is a douche. We know he is cheating on her. Who knows what else he has done. Unless OP knows everything about this guy, which I'd assume he doesn't considering he just found his brother in law was cheating on his sister, the husband could be the cause of her addiction and problems.
1	He said he got tired of the competitive scene and the pressure and whatnot.
0	One time in college I was in the library on a Friday evening writing a lab report. Pretty much had the whole place to myself. Decided I needed to take a poop and was both inspired and exhilarated by the idea of no one walking into the public bathroom while I did my business. Then, just as the seat hit the critical warming point and I began to fully relax for what would truly be a rare experience, the door creaked open and the cleaning lady asked if the bathroom was occupied. I sheepishly replied in the affirmative. She left and I went about my business, taking an extra long time to fully appreciate the experience of having a public bathroom entirely to myself for an extended period of time. Finally I commenced the ceremonious occasion and walked out with my held high...but then my heart, pride, and head sank as I saw the cleaning lady outside the door. She had patiently waited the ENTIRE time I was in there. To make matters worse, she was fairly attractive. I haven't been able to relax my anus in a public restroom since. And that is my story.
1	I ask this every week and I'm asking it again because I'm going insane. I main Sup, and I try to just worry about my own play but I'm so incredibly frustrated that when I do my job (0-4 kills, 0-4 deaths, 10+ assists) it never feels like it matters. Games I win I feel like my team played well and would've won even if I had done almost nothing. Games I lose when I play will can just be slaughters. I read so much 'Please Bronze supports at least ward'. I ward like a motherfucker. I poke, zone, sustain if I can, etc. It literally feels like maybe 25% of my games, how I perform matters at all.   Secondly, if I wanted to learn a different role that had more carrying power, what should I try? Seems like ADCs are a bit weaker now, junglers can't carry nearly as much as they used to, etc. Also seems like if I main anything besides support, due to pick order I'll be lucky to get a different role in even half my games.   I've played with a bit, but what do people think of the Ardent Censer? It doesn't seem powerful / cheap enough to make Janna anymore worthwhile, sadly. Sona maybe, but she's so squishy. I love Karma, and feel like she's the only one it really makes it worthwhile to get since she can buff the entire team in later teamfights.
1	It's part of the game.   If e-sports wants to build up more legitimacy, they can't seclude their players like that. You don't see a soundproof barrier between the crowd and the players in an NFL game, right? Even though it's impossible to call out audibles when the crowd is being rowdy, you literally won't find an NFL player that doesn't love a charged crowd.
1	Want to know about it, but midterms get in the way of reading this stuff.....
0	I don't know what your age is but just know this, in time a man's value increases (until about 50-60) while a woman's decreases. Most of women heavily rely on their beauty and sexuality to get what they want, some use a fake kind of innocence they learned it works on getting stuff from dad. My point is, at around 30, 30 something when they show first signs of ageing their ridiculous prince charming standards drop. Don't get caught up in a marriage you don't want just because it's the first woman who ever sucked your dick. And most important never think they are special, first step in being fried-zoned or used.
0	Dude she left that Scumbag Steve because he was a Scumbag Steve and now you get to fuck her brains out.   I'm in that boat with you man. Girlfriend did some dirty stuff, asshole boyfriend opened his mouth and told everyone in our school (even made up stories and such).   Turns out she stopped cause he was an asshole. Now she's with me (almost been a year) and sex is fucking fantastic because she isn't one of those lifeless motionless girls.
0	This is shit. Costco is a shitty place to work. Costco is a typical shitty retailer like Walmart that chooses to hire an army of part time teenagers instead of fewer full time positions so it can avoid paying for things like vacation. It is exceedingly rare that it promotes anyone from part time to full time regardless of how good an employee they are.   People at Costco that make 17 an hour(they are not the majority contrary to what the OP says and have been there for over a decade to get that pay) get around 10-15 hours a week. Additionally, like most other shitty jobs, they tend to regularly have said part timers work until 11:30pm at night and then have them clock in at work at 6am the next morning. Finally, turnover rate at Costco is very high.
1	While I definitely agree with you, I also wouldn't mind seeing a few 'off the cuff' patches to older/un-played champions, or to current champions in ways that improve their alternative usability(i.e. AP buffs to non AP champs), with the goal of pushing players into trying new strategies.   Blizzard actually does this a lot; they have a tendency to buff things just because they're not being used enough (Ravens, Infestors, etc.), then drawing them back over time once the populace is used to using that unit/thing.  Even if the unit ends up stats wise exactly how it was before, if the process helps make the game more fun to watch, it's worth it.
1	Just because one thing follows another, does not mean the first caused the second.   Virus scans are not catch alls - in fact they don't catch MUCH, they catch the more known more obvious viruses and malware. Most of them don't even catch bad cookies or Adware.   League of Legends in this sense would not have given you a virus. Another player, with access to your IP address, could send you a vrius possibly - but not through League of Legends.
1	God damn I just wish he could articulate his thoughts. We understood it (probably mostly because we all already knew).   Still, I like HSGG for his
0	See thing is women and men view this type of betrayal differently on an evolutionary level. Because a women can only become impregnated by the genetics of one mate, physical betrayal is more serious to most men. If the woman has sex with someone else and becomes pregnant, the mans genetics don't get passed on.   If a man has sex with someone else he can throw his DNA around like there's no tomorrow. Historically men have provided recourses to women, with things such as hunting, shelter, all that cave man jazz. That's why women see emotional betrayal as more serious. If the man is emotionally attached to another woman, he is likely to provide her resources instead of his mate.
1	his early game was always a bit tricky vs high mobility people, but what really hurts him early is that the 1000 g augement is much, much less efficient than it was before.  Don't get me wrong, I actually like him more now and I think he's quite a bit better mid to late game, but you can't get that huge 100 ap powerspike and come to lane with 250 ap 14 minutes into the game.  Laser waveclear doesn't pick up until later.  His q is where it's at for laning now though.  The auto attack comes out super fast and he got a range buff on q cast.  Plus shield is instant.  I've been putting 2 or three points into it during laning and it feels pretty strong.  Late game aoe just destroys all.
0	However, if there are lazy writes, then you may not necessarily know exactly when a copying action is still taking place, potentially long after you've dragged-and-dropped that file. That said, it is hoped that most modern OSes would have a degree of awareness that this is going out to a USB mass storage device and therefore opt to make their writes a bit more predictable — but unless you actually know that the code you're running does this, it's not guaranteed.
1	ACTIVE MAGIC DAMAGE: 250 / 375 / 500 (+ 100% AP) These are the values for blitzcranks ult.  damage is on parem scaling is way better, adds a 0,5 sec silence and is much easier to hit 5 members of the enemy team.  with 40% CDR you can use it every 16 seconds.
0	Haha its always the "why do you  need  it" argument with anything. Someone wants to buy a lifted diesel with smoke stacks? Who cares. People are allowed to buy whatever is legal in this country. Hell, Id have someone buy a big diesel over a gas powered truck anyday. One of those diesel trucks gets better gas mileage than the new 4runners and grand cherokees.
1	lmao you actually buy the "mids were more average, like in other regions"  it might be true if other regions were replaced by NA, but alas 3 quality players in froggen ai and xpeke doesnt make eu suddenly the BEST MIDS ALL WORLD.
1	This, so much this. I play (well played) at around gold-plat level all through out the end of S1 till the first few weeks of S3. After that I had some major breaks thanks to other games. When ever I go soloqueue I feel that in my now silver elo - is where I belong to. In a solo level of course - but to my point. We have our small group of IRL friends that we play with a lot since S1 and we still "compete" at gold and maybe plat 5v5 level because of our easy teamwork and fluid communication. We trust each other completely and know each other weakspots.
1	as a DOTA 2 player, not really.  DOTA has a much much slower game pace.  Mana costs are often so high you can only cast a spell one time before you have to wait for regen.  Some champions have cooldowns that are insanely long.  It's so damn tough to farm in DOTA 2 that nobody jungles right away (or very few people do and it rarely works).  The game is just hands-down slower as every starting champion in DOTA 2 is weak like a minion.  Also, everything costs more to purchase.  Also, when you die you lose gold.  Also, the map is proportionately larger.  Also, there are more structures to destroy.  Also, the structures are harder to destroy.
1	I started playing last December and even though I had a diamond friend teach me how the game works and play with me between levels 1-7, I was very frustrated. I felt completely lost when she wasn't playing with me, and like I was embarrassing myself when she was. One day after getting flamed really bad, I was so frustrated that I actually uninstalled. However, I had already developed some level of attahment with LCS teams, so I kept watching pros play. The more I watched, the more I learned. I then started watching streams on Twitch of players who talk about why they do what they're doing. After some time I realized I wanted to try playing again, and it was infinitely easier. As long as you understand the game to a good capacity, people usually won't flame you much for mechanical mistakes. (However it's understandable if you want to play bot games until you feel comfortable playing PvP). I know it's very frustrating, but keep at it. Find a few champions you like (always try out free champions in custom games) and roles you're comfortable in, and keep playing!
1	Like I don't understand what makes it so hard for you all to see that the way this game is, it just promotes toxicity and its bound to happen. Everyone has different tolerance levels and you can't expect everyone to behave uniformly. Just because you can play 20 games and lose 15 and do fairly well every one of those games and then you que up and you have someone doing really obvious dumb shit that is going to cost you the game and you can swallow that up on and on doesn't meant everyone else can.   Because lets take a look at what we are investing and for what: We are all here in ranked to compete, to test our skills against others, to win games, get lp, and climb. That means that 2 9 Annie top with hextech revolver rush against a tryndamere completely screwed my team over. Of course, i can suck it up and move on to the next game but when it keeps happening and its not my fault that shit like this is going to cost me the game, it will frustrate me and i will tell you you suck and you need to go back to bronze. I don't think that warrants a chat restriction.   But anyway, the system is stupid, I am being solely evaluated on the outcome of the game. It really is frustrating trying my heart out outplaying everyone and carrying my team as Ori being 15 5 15 and then I go b to buy/heal and my team just fights a 4vs5 and pretty much spell the game for us.   I feel there is a breaking point for everyone and most people that pull the toxic card are just people who happen to be trash and get flamed by others because lets face it, if you are actually doing good/your job, you probably won't get flamed. I only flame people when they severely underperform and its just irritating that I have to play a 20 minute + game when all enemy lanes have several kills 7 mins in. Its really not fun to play against that because no matter how fed I get through outplaying my opponent in the mid lane, my team has already taken care to give opponents in other lanes enough advantages early on to snowball the game. Its just a waste of time, feels frustrating.
1	So the thing is, these posts saying:  "I just got reported for x by teammates, riot needs to do something" are completely unnecessary. The thing is, and I'm saying it straight, a report is a report. A report is not a chat restriction. It is not a warning. It isn't a ban, suspension, etc. It doesn't give you a special icon for getting reported, nor does it signal enemies or allies in any way.   It is just a report. If you aren't actively getting reported in multiple games, you won't have any negative impacts. I've had games where I've afked, fed, flamed, abused, spammed, etc. I guarantee I got reports for these games, but I have never faced any consequences. The reason why: I do that stuff in about 1-2% of my total games. Now I'm not advising to be toxic in moderation to avoid bans. Everyone has off days, games, plays, etc. It happens. As long as it doesn't before a habit, you should be fine.
0	I work construction and the thing that gets me is people act like companies just show up and start doing work just because.  These jobs are designed and bid packages are put together by the state transportation department and put out for competitive bid.  the same people bitching about the roads being closed or delayed will be the ones bitching about the quality and saying they need fixed.  This process is actually saving the tax payers money by forcing contractors to really look at the job and put their best number out there to do the work.
1	I don't care for that fact that I'm going to lose the game, its more the guys on the other end that has to suffer from errors like these. Nothing I can do to prevent it, and nothing they can do to help me prevent it.
0	No. I just commented on that one so it would be more visible. ITT generally refers to things throughout the thread, and not just the comment it's directly associated with, in case ya didn't know. I will certainly not make the case that drugs are not interesting, I know for a fact that they are.   The problem I have with the naysayers in this thread is that OPs advice is not incorrect. It's referring to a post of a day or so ago of a guy talking about how much more interesting his life was when he was on drugs. That's all well and good, but it doesn't necessarily mean that what OP is saying is wrong. Drugs may make you feel good, pick you up, bring you down, lower inhibitions, what have you; the meat of OP's concept is that those things are generally irrelevant to doing interesting things. Whether you got drunk or high or stayed sober last night, you still had game night with friends, or climbed a tree, or cooked flat noodles for the first time, or met a girl with a cool accent, or had a Mario kart 64 tournament until 4am, or went skinny dipping, or sang your heart out along with show tunes, or sat in your room on your couch or computer and did jack shit. The fact of being under the influence of anything does not change the fact that you did (or didn't) do anything interesting last night, which is what OP was saying. His comment was a critique of the gentleman who "had more fun" when he was on drugs in his life, and OP was suggesting that if drugs were making his life interesting, maybe he should try to do interesting things while sober if he wanted to keep his sobriety. I was merely commenting that everyone bashing him in this thread and being drug addict apologists (because that's who OP was directing his comments toward) has an indefensible argument. If ya did fun things last night or didn't, sobriety is not really relevant. Might you be more inclined to do something out of your comfort zone under the influence? Maybe, but you can still do many many many interesting things without being high.   On the flip side, I drink all the time, and I've tried weed a bunch of times and coke. I am not a hater of drugs. I do believe that certain strong drugs have addictive capabilities, and a good chance of ruining lives (like our pal Philip Seymour Hoffman, anyone? Too soon?), and the thread is full of people bashing me and OP for that. If you want to do interesting things, go fuckin' do them! Don't use drugs as a crutch or excuse.
0	Actually, I have a theory that the only reason they were perceived as beautiful was because only the rich could write and keep artwork around. Considering rich families were well fed, the wives would often be fat. And so today we believe old Europe held fat women as beautiful, when only a small % was actually making these records, and they themselves were fat.
0	Not your baby
1	Streamers as Role Models     I'll agree that streams are primarily about entertainment (as that's intrinsically linked to their profitability), but the overall demeanor of the professionals acts as a basic litmus test for the community as a whole. For somebody just learning about LoL, if they watch a streamer act like a jackass, that informs their initial judgements about LoL. This act of contextualization is important for how that individual might act if they decide to play. If success in LoL is seen as winning games (or at least not losing), and part of being a professional is an ability to win games, imitating professionals should be seen as linked.   For those not in the LoL scene, how professionals act is the fastest way to make judgements about the character of the players. People already complain about this game having a poor community, and poorly acting professionals will not assist.     LoL as a Major Sport     I don't know if the community wants LoL/eSports to become "Sport"y, but there is something to say about wanting the eSports scene to be respectable. For us the players, it helps to justify using our time in game. For the corporations involved, greater levels of respect will turn into a greater ability to advertise and, eventually, make money.
0	Sorry but I don't think you can compare them.  The educational systems in Nordic countries, from what I understand, cannot be compared with those in the US.  Here the system puts a major emphasis on the teachers and sees them as the first line.  From my limited knowledge, the education systems in Nordic countries cater towards the students.
0	Please don't decide what everyone else's opinions are for them, that makes you no better than the people you dislike for deciding that your opinion is wrong.   EDIT:  I'll try to simplify it;   snap_wilson and Commander-Mander believe that nobody actually dislikes this song; they are just angry because they like it but are 'too cool' to openly enjoy it. They're annoyed by the fact people are saying this song is simply bad, and therefore undermining their own opinion.   The hypocrisy is that by saying this, they are undermining everyone else's opinion.
0	Spending an extended time with kids really is the best birth control.  I had always thought I wanted kids of my own, and then I agreed to watch my niece and nephew for a weekend. After 2 days I realized how happy I was with being just an uncle. I love spending time with kids, but that experience made me realize that I wasn't equipped to do it 24/7.   Props to those who can- I hold their selflessness in the highest esteem.
1	Below 1200, I think it can be perceived as "failure" since you lost more ELO than you had gained. If you just didn't play you'd be at a higher ELO which can be depressing. Unfortunately, people have the false feeling that unranked people are the minority and they are "not good" but in reality, there are countless people just like them. The drawback to showing their ELO is that it can lower self-esteem and can hurt when people use it as leverage, so in my opinion, if you were to show it, give players the option of hiding it similar to everyone right now.   Another way to show people where they are in the terms of ranked skill is to show the percentile they are in in their profiles. A 1200 player can see that they are (making this up) in the 70% percentile and think this is not so bad. This too, should be shown or hidden at the player's discretion. I bring this up because ELO is a bell-curved scaling that we are not used to.   About the medals, while they may be flashy, the less you do to get something, the less the medal is worth. If I were given a medal for being alive, it wouldn't mean much to me. I think the current 4 medals are appropriately difficult that the reward is meaningful.
1	For the Competitive System:   PCPartPicker part list:   Price breakdown by merchant:   Benchmarks:   CPU: Intel Core i5-4670 3.4GHz Quad-Core Processor  ($209.99 @ Amazon)   CPU Cooler: NZXT Kraken X40 98.3 CFM Liquid CPU Cooler  ($82.98 @ Outlet PC)   Motherboard: ASRock Z87 Extreme4 ATX LGA1150 Motherboard  ($149.99 @ Newegg)   Memory: G.Skill Ripjaws X Series 8GB (2 x 4GB) DDR3-1600 Memory  ($68.99 @ NCIX US)   Storage: Samsung 840 Series 120GB 2.5" Solid State Disk  ($94.99 @ NCIX US)   Storage: Western Digital Caviar Black 1TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive  ($108.99 @ Dell Small Business)   Video Card: EVGA GeForce GTX 770 2GB Video Card  ($415.91 @ Newegg)   Case: NZXT Phantom (White) ATX Full Tower Case  ($79.99 @ Newegg)   Power Supply: SeaSonic 650W 80 PLUS Gold Certified ATX12V / EPS12V Power Supply  ($79.99 @ Newegg)   Operating System: Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium SP1 (OEM) (64-bit)  ($89.98 @ Outlet PC)   Total: $1381.80   (Prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when available.)   (Generated by PCPartPicker 2013-07-30 19:43 EDT-0400)
0	I don't really care I was being funny, while it is annoying because like I said I was taught one thing and now have to relearn it, I'm active duty military and don't attend regular religious ceremonies because I haven't found another church that had similar beliefs as my church growing up.  We were more open minded catholics and probably not all that traditional. I don't really agree with religious teachings or how the portray humans or God. I wouldn't consider myself catholic any longer because honestly once you read the bible and live in the world I don't know how any intelligent person can believe that these teaching are just or told by an all knowing power. God would not have come up with these things and humans did unjustices to his teachings and wrote a whole bunch of bs in the bible. So that is my true opinion, but you wanted to be an ass over social media so I was one back. It was a simple joke that you took way too seriously.
1	really depends on the enemy you are facing... if you are up against swain, mundo, vlad, volibear (high health regen/spellvamp on ulti or passive) ignite when you want to kill them (early) so they cant regen the damage you do to them. if you are against champs with a lot of regen ignite as late as possible so that if he tries to escape your ignite will finish them off.   special case is tryndamere:   if you are against him wait with your ignite until he casts his ulti and the "endless rage" text appears over his head. AFTER that count to 2 and ignite -> usually last ignite tick will kill him, or if not at least lower the health he can heal back, making it easier to kill him if you catch him.
0	And that's when you say: "you're a lot bigger than my ex too but hey i'm not complaining"
0	Your problem sounds like you think being a "good guy" is your make or break quality. Yeah, I like people who are genuinely nice people but that is not enough to make me want to be friends with someone if they aren't interesting or funny or smart or passionate or have any other number of things going for them to make them the kind of person I would want to spend time with.   Having someone be nice to me and treat me well is a huge turn on, but that is not all I want out of a relationship. I like to surround myself with people who make me laugh, or have an interesting perspective on the world and can lend a different and mind-broadening insight to things we might experience differently, or people who introduce me to new things that they love and think I might love too. That goes for friendship but obviously extends to anyone I might be attracted to as well. You don't have to be The Most Interesting Man in the World or be James Dean level handsome for someone to want to date you, but you do have to have something going for you.
1	There is a difference between "meta" and "lane setup". Lane setup is a part of the meta, but not the other way around. The 1-1-1-2 setup is established since... I dont know... late S1 maybe? And has been a part of every meta ever since. That being said, enforcing the lane setup in TB doesnt mean enforcing the entire meta, as you dont have to go "tanky top, bruiser jungle". You can go with ap top, ap mid, ap jungle, which is not meta if you, or the game creator wants to.
1	That's one of the main problems the game is facing - while other spectator sports' main asset is the gameplay around a set of almost unchanging rules and schedules, League of Legends changes its own meta every so often and introduces various strategic changes that completely transform the game. You can easily understand how football or basketball work, so even if you don't play the game yourself and choose to spectate you can enjoy the gameplay. But with LoL when you don't play the game a huge gap forms and you still have to invest time and effort if you want to fully understand what's happening and a lot of people just don't have that luxury or are unwilling to make the effort.
1	While a Steam access key in itself costs very little to create, that key represents access to a product that a substantial amount of physical effort and monetary investment, and is the equivalent of selling a physical game disc. Comparing free champions to giving away free Steam access keys is even more spurious than comparing League of Legends to the fast food industry.   While it's true that people  can  buy champions and IP boosts with RP, the vast majority of such purchases are to acquire expensive champions. To compare the high and low ends of the price spectrum:     Ashe costs 1/14 as much IP to purchase as Zed.   Ashe costs 1/3.75 as much RP to purchase as Zed.     Taking into account FWOTD, a new player can make 450IP in the course of their first few games, and any player with any degree of financial sense is unlikely to shell out on the money for RP and then spend it getting a 450IP champion at three times their effective value.   In short, the vast majority of 450IP champions will be purchased with IP, meaning that making them free is unlikely to have a noticeable impact on Riot Games' profits. Given also that all 450IP champions are designed to be simple, "pick up and play" characters, having them available from game one for new players to learn the game would actually be  beneficial  for the game's health, as it already has a high barrier to entry that a change like this could help reduce.   And as we know, if more new players stick with the game and become invested in it, they're more likely to buy RP to spend on stuff like skins and expensive champions. Voila — profit!
0	There is the possibility that the cops will totally miss it.  When I was a teenager, my friend's dad picked up a Blazer off of the City PD Auction.  Cleaning the car they found a little recess/shot gun holder in the frame right by the front door, that had a Spas 12 gauge in it.
1	I really don't agree in your statements. The changes they made to the jungle are correct and should be consider correct.  The whole video is about a one man scenario which will never apply in a real game. What was said about the new jungle camp was that they would be based on the average level of your team. So for example your mid and top are 6 and your adc and support are level 5 and you are level 4 as a jungler, because your blue buff or red buff got stolen or whatever. the camps would get an average level of 6+6+5+5+4=26/5=5.2= level 5 so the level would be higher then you are as a jungler so this would increase your gold income and xp income. Basically what they tried to do with this patch is farm heavy junglers not fall behind when they have to gank. So for example you gank a lane you're now a level behind on your team farm a few camps and you're back to the same level as your team, because the average level of your team is higher than you are. In a real game scenario this helps a farm heavy jungler. I do agree the changes to lantern made yi have sustain problems, but maybe junglers that we forgot about that can make use of that extra attack speed to better sustain the jungle?   While a few things are correct in this video this is nowhere near a real game scenario. (as ganks and kill/assist/turret gold income isn't considered as we all know junglers have huge in-pact on turret killing and will also get one of the highest amount(s) of gold for every turret kill). Also protecting turrets isn't applied in the gold income which is and will be big for gold income for junglers. Taxing gold after a gank isn't considered. So overall this whole video should be taken too serious. I'm sorry stonewall008 I do agree on a lot of the videos you make, but this one just isn't one of them. This one just shows lack of real research you have done to compare the 2 seasons. What you should've done was recreate a real life scenario with kills/assists/turrets and teammates. This will show the real difference between the jungles, gold and xp income.
0	I got my phone back this way back in 2006- some idiot stole it from my bag under video cameras at an industry night, review of footage resulted in his manager questioning him- then his brother (I think) takes the phone to a store because I had bricked it, and so the store detected it was reported stolen and upon telling the idiot (?!) he did a runner and I got my phone back. He hadn't deleted any of my stuff but had added his own contacts.  I lol'd long and hard. The original thief apparently left the state because in a small city and industry he was screwed anyway.
1	So.. My first "elo" was Silver, and I remember people being a pain in the ass. In pre-season I got to gold and I still faced a lot of toxic players, this was when I started muting.   In this season I got to D5 and I realized the BEST thing I have ever done was muting the ALL CHAT. Trust me, just disable that shit. It has no utility.   Whenever someone sounds like a jerk I just mute them and w/e.
0	May I say. This is a common idea that bugs me. I am well paid, I have a good job that means I make more than the median house hold income. This in no way means that I am worth more than you. All it means is that I found an employer who was willing to pay me for my skills and talents. You can take time to invest in yourself and make your self more marketable but this doesn't make you worth any more.
1	its actually quite simple.. -> in low elo till gold 1 i say. you can carry alone because you have shitty teammates and shitty enemies but if you advance higher your chances of carrieing will go downhill because the enemy will know how to use the advantage your teamate has given to them.
1	Pretty sure if CW was stomping some low rank challenger team they would do the same shit. Its a fucking game and it was clear that Alliance still tried hard to win. You could see it in Froggen's face during the game that he was still serious, talking to his team, and making calls. Sure there were probably some laughs about how crazy the kills were, but guess what? CW is a PROFESSIONAL team and if they get stomped that hard by a team that should be at similar level then clearly there is something wrong with their own play that they need to fix.  Go home and figure out why you got stomped so hard and don't get so salty about your "friends" using items that helped to stomp you harder. ALSO didn't he tweet something along the lines of "the game should be investigated not due to the builds but because Alliance wouldn't close out the game and were intentionally trying to farm fantasy points"? Now that Riot said that Alliance will not be punished suddenly he is mad about the items lol. This guy needs to way more professional. Showboating could go way worse than this (if you can even call this game showboating).
0	none of these things will land him in prison for a very long time if at all, because while they are shitty things, they are not evil things, just stupid self centered things. While selling some dope and getting high on DXM and weed can make you stupid, its not evil, it seems more like a unempathetic selfish teenager phase. And I really hope you are speaking out of anger and don't actually hope your brother is going to go to jail for a very long time, yes he needs a wake up call, yes he is a very shitty teenager, but hoping your brother goes to jail for years isn't the best thing for your family. I've known people much much more shitty than this during being a teenager and have become amazing people that have put a ton of good into the world as soon as they hit their twenties. yes he needs to get out of the view that he is in, but I think the best thing to do is just restrict how he can affect your family, like keeping cards and keys in the family safe and not trusting him with stuff until he is trustworthy. Also if you could find some method of getting him interested in music that isn't shit and made by people who actually want good shit to happen in the world I think that would do a world of difference (its brainwashing to constantly hear songs in the background when you do things, have that have a positive effect).
1	I had a duo in normal blinds this morning that straight raged at me. Now, I mostly play ad carry or support these days in soloQ but I'm not all that good with sivir so I took it upon myself this morning to give her a few practice games before work to get used to her play style as I'm more used to dash ad carries(graves, vayne, corki, etc) well needless to say raka leaves my lane 8 minutes in so it's me vs siv/poppy, regardless of the multiple dives on me I still go 5/8/3 with double farm.. That aside I did pretty crappy but that's why I'm there practicing a toon I'm unfamiliar with.. Pretty much this duo blames me for losing yet has less farm combined, about the same number of deaths and then continues to rage telling me how bad I am. Since when is normal blinds such serious business... I mean seriously... There is nothing on the line and this kid nearly had an aneurysm. I'm merely there to work on sivs kit... People make my brain melt. I don't even get that mad when people troll in ranked... I just put them on ignore and keep rolling. It sucks to lose but shit happens, I'd hate to see how some of these folks handle problems in the real world.
1	theres also like 3 times as many people playing league than dota, and i've found the more popular a game, the more often you'll see a troll. Example: Battlefield bad company 2 was never immensly popular, it was successful and has a solid and devout fanbase, but it wasn't stupid piopular. I think I only encounter 3 trolls/assholes in that game, ever. However Battlefiled 3 and its counterpart COD (insert yearly game here) ARE immensly popular and also have huge and devout fanbases, and every game has at least one troll/asshole. This is also combined with the fact that nearly every aspect of DotA is completely unbalanced, and the only thing that keeps the game balanced is that everyone is unbalanced, which makes the game fun to watch, sure, but even less noob friendly than LoL is with its shit community, simply because they just won't be able to play the game against the other players. So to only introduce one aspect of DotA into LoL will completely unbalance the entire game and allow the already frequent trolls (due to the games popularity) to have a field day and ruin the game for those who actually enjoy this. A good analogy for DotA vs LoL is mario kart vs Forza; both racing games, but I wouldn't use anything from Mario Kart in Forza because it would basically ruin the game for those who enjoy the subtle skills of Forza over the action packed chaos of Mario Kart. Basically the only way to implement these "interesting concepts" that are held back by the name of "anti-fun" would be to implement them all at the same time, but then it would be impossible to balance the game (or very difficult) as it would be hard to determine which of the 20 things you added is the root of the imbalance, and it may take weeks for the game to be playable if you wanted to play the game intelligently.
1	This is westrice's guide on chogath if that is any help. Myself i like to focus on CDR and resistances+ AP. I like to build frozen heart, abyssal scepter, banshees, FoN, Zhonya's(Or sunfire i just prefer zhonya), merc threads.  You could skip the banshees and get a RoA or maybe a rabadons, but if you ask me, playing cho is a question or balancing damage and survivability, just because cho's ult gives him 900 health(i think?) doesnt mean that makes you tanky enough. And for summoners i go flash/teleport or ignite.
0	I tend to disagree with the administration of vaccines, but that doesn't mean I should die because I have a different opinion. I'm the spawn of one of those radicals who oppose such injections, and besides a pollen allergy, I'm perfectly fine. People don't realize that the people who oppose vaccines while having their kids on numerous medications are more often than not a rarity.   Frankly, I wouldn't be surprised if years down the line irrefutable evidence rises reflecting vaccines to diseases, but that doesn't mean I should perish. It means I, as a human being, have my own opinions.
1	When you play support, you're trying to be as aggressive as possible without getting out of position.  This means that you will likely be positioned slightly in front of your ADC, especially if you're ranged and they're not Blitz/Leona.  Note that this goes for both sides, so the supports will be closer to each other than to the ADCs, and so they will be focusing a lot of their harass on each other.  This does not mean that Lulu should burn her W on the enemy Sona, but it definitely does mean that Sona should burn her Q + Qchord on the enemy Janna, even if a lot of that damage is reduced by the shield (at early levels; later, she stops being able to 1shot the shield).  Yes, of course you would rather attack the enemy ADC, but the only way that you will be able to is if either you are running up with your support to allin (or to push them off, but remember that running up can easily result in an allin so make sure you're ready for that) or if the enemy support sucks.
0	Yeah ok, if you want to change the subject that's cool. It looks as if you kind of got my first point and if you're more interested in patting yourself on the back for not being one of those smug guys, whatever.  We weren't talking about those who go on this subreddit to get karma or to act superior, I thought you understood that from your first response. You've confused what I said and I think I'm the one to blame  because I don't really make myself too clear.  I'm not going to though because I found this.  "I live in the US. I don't doubt that some people have families that don't approve, although I absolutely doubt that people are getting expelled from school or fired from work (unless they willingly chose to go to school/work for a fanatical church, which would be their own fault) for privately not believing in god and not being a dick about it. r/atheism is just a joke though. I just went and every post was so ridiculous and smug it made my head hurt. I could not be more atheist, but can you seriously look at stuff like their 'Faces of Atheism' posts and not think that is ridiculous?"  It seams that you really don't give a shit about any of those people or the abuse atheists have to face in some communities. You'd rather get your jimmies rustled by the attention whores you could find anywhere in the world. If that's your calling that's fine, go get em. You made an ignorant comment and backed it up with "well these guys over here are annoying". I like to type, that's why I've gone so far to respond to you because if you want the short hand then here,
1	Okay so what, they report someone and 3 months later they get a notification that a person they reported got punished? What if they've reported 50 people since then? Then you get everyone saying "I've only had one report confirmation in 3 months, the punishment system sucks" and a bunch of complaints about how it's ineffective because the people they report aren't immediately punished.   What does getting a confirmed punishment realistically do to improve the game? Does it make it more likely for the punished player to improve? Not at all. Does it affect the punished player in any way? No it doesn't. Will people be less toxic because of it? Yeah right.   And I know, someone will say "but it builds confidence in the tribunal and other systems that issue punishments" and to that, I respond that it won't make a big difference. Because reports don't become punishments all the time, and furthermore, they don't become punishments immediately, it could very well decrease confidence in the system because people want immediate gratification, not delayed. You just end up with people thinking that if it takes a month for someone to get punished, then maybe the punishment system doesn't work at all! This thread is evidence enough that people don't understand how reporting and punishing work, and there have been countless other things that show how little the community understands it.   You've got the people in this thread suggesting that your reports gain/lose "weight" depending on the quality vs. quantity of your reports, which is already a thing. You've got people who post complaint threads when they see that the guy who intentionally fed once is still playing 3 days later. You've got all the people expecting every script report to equal an instant ban because they don't understand the idea of banning in waves to better combat scripting.   Just a
0	Just a note, Just because you find a guy attractive, doesn't mean you're gay.  I find plenty of men attractive.  Would I have sex with them? Oh god no.  I just know an attractive human being when I see one.  I had that same confusion for years, and finally came to this conclusion in the past few months.  SO, simply just don't worry about it, oggle who you want, love who you want, and god damn it, fuck who you want (As long as they are cool with it too of course).
0	As a high school student who has taken several AP, pre-AP, and other college level classes, I can honestly say that I won't be contributing to society in any major way, despite the fact that I'd like to do so. This isn't a laziness thing, as it's moreso a realism thing. Do I have potential to be a world leader? Perhaps (my ROTC instructor thinks I do anyway). But so does everybody else in this world. Now, when I say what I'm about to say does not mean that gifted kids should be entirely ignored. The "average" students need it the most really. You see, as one becomes successful at something, that constant ease of it all becomes mind-numbingly boring (I've experienced it first hand, as I quit my trap shooting team because of this). This is why the "gifted" kids tend to do terrible in college. They never really had to work hard or study like they pretty much require you to do in college. The regulars that may not have had record breaking test scores still do ok at the least because they know how to study and apply themselves. They're the ones who make it through college. They're the ones who actually know what to do with their knowledge. As one of the "gifted" that I've identified, I know I won't be that life-changing guy who found a cure for cancer or actually brought about world peace in world politics, but I'll still contribute if I can.
0	I disagree, it's mainly a social issue. Guys ask girls out; society has set those rules. I don't necessarily like them and I think a confident girl asking a guy out is very very sexy. But, with that said, just because I don't like the rules means I'm not going to play.   I see this same thread every week. While there are many different situations for everyone, as a generic rule for Redditors who find themselves here... you need to grow a pair and ask her out. You know why "assholes" get all the girls? Because they're the ones that talk to girls to pick them up.   They aren't interested in friends. They have friends. Talk to girl with the intent to go out with them/"pick them up". If you talk to them as if they're your friend because you either a) don't want to impose or b) don't want to ever get rejected, then  you're the one sending mixed signals . If you're talking with a girl and you think she wants to go out with you (based off body language or whatever), just sack the fuck up and ask. Don't wait for her to ask you out because you'll find that "some asshole" who just walks up and actually asks her out will scoop her up from under you.
1	I was in the same position and got BBCC, however I didn't skip college and only made it to gold V so you probably invested a lot more time than me. Although I did spend my free periods studying whereas you didn't. A tip is to think of college as a 9-5 job and all the time you are you should be working as hard as you can and not skipping out on what really matters. By all means I didn't get the best grades but that mentality is what help me overcome this "addiction". I also had the same thing with call of duty and my GCSE's, I messed them up and it cost me my future as well, because I couldn't get into the courses I wanted and had to settle for something I didn't really want to do.
1	Personally, I agree that Bloodthirster is a very good item for graves as it gives him a shield which scales with his bonus resistances, allows him to heal from poke, and the AD gives him very strong burst with comboing spells and auto attacks.   However, I would push back that 2nd item last whisper to 3rd unless the opposing jungler and toplaner are both building randuin's omen 2nd item. If you're not building IE first, then you should build it 2nd because it provides just as much burst as BT and will enhance your auto attacks that much further (also lets you lifesteal faster).   Seperately though, the reason everyone is building IE, PD, and Shiv first or second item and playing very auto attack dependent champions is because of not only the AD normalization on IE and BT, but also due to how  taking objectives is more important than ever!  And you can't use abilities alone to take towers. Building your AD+Attack Speed+Crit items first gives the most damage possible to champions, monsters, and towers.  Putting more emphasis on spell damage still gives good Champion damage, but lackluster Tower and Monster damage all while being heavily mana-gated .
1	Genja definitely meshes well with his team-mates with the aggressive play style.   Darien on the other hand is actually undervalued IMO. I think part of what they mean when they say they're happy when he doesnt feed is due to his play style. What happens in Darien's lane is typically that he gets 1 gank if any and its usually early. After Darien gets an advantage, or even if he doesn't, the rest of his team can leave him on an island and he can usually hold his own, even if he squeaks by. All the while his team pressures elsewhere and the enemy usually sends the jungle and/or mid to pressure Darien even more.   I'm not saying that Darien is always on an island or that he is always being camped. What I am saying is that when those situations occur, he is remarkably good at holding on just enough to keep pressure in his lane while getting enough farm to make sure his utility champion can make a bigger impact in the team fight stage.
0	Let me try to thread the needle on this one.   It's all your fault. And theirs too.   All anyone can know of you at first is what you put out. What you portray to the world. If you feel this kind of the self-pity and doubt it will portray itself, subconsciously or otherwise. Who will take the time to get know ( or  know , biblically speaking ) the person that already "knows" that they aren't what people want? Even assuming that everything else about you is awesome, it is too much of stretch to expect someone else to read your mind when what everyone is most concerned with is themselves.   So you need to get your head out of your ass, focus on your interests and just be you. Really. People will present themselves, pay attention. They won't say " Please ravish me big boy" (probably not at any rate). But if you do what interests you and are comfortable in your own skin, you will generally find others that are willing to get to know you. Finding the one, is a whole 'nother story. But having some romance in your life is in your grasp, whatever your circumstances.   As for them? Well, they date dicks because they want to. There is something that they are responding to: either money, or danger, or testosterone, or drama or something. And when they find it, or it finds them, they aren't discerning enough to look under the surface before its too late. I have never, NEVER known a woman (or a man) that repeatedly ended up in relationships with the wrong sort that wasn't culpable in some way.   That being said, your situation is still your fault. Fix it.   There are tons of women who generally have positive relationships. Noone bats a thousand in matters of the heart, but generally lots of people have mostly good relationships, at least until they end (to quote Cocktail, all relationships end badly or why would they end?). If you don't know any women like that, you need to make different friends.   Sorry to get all long-winded, but everyone time I see someone in your position on Reddit, I cringe to see either the "women are evil" posse or the "real men get laid and beta males should shut up" coven get on their rants and go to town.   Both sides have their nuggets of truth, and both have their distortions. The truth, IMHO, lies somewhere inbetween.
0	Parents can enter the agreement - if you sign it, you're an adult, you can bind your child to the agreement. So the issue of being able to enter the contract is solved.   The school is basically garnering control over your devices. This is your property as is, you're entitled to do what you may. You are  NOT  required to submit your property to them. If you do, however, you agree that they can do this for this purpose and this purpose only.   Schools can require various course materials as they so please. Generally each school and district will have a threshold at which point you are eligible for a fee waiver, otherwise you're expected to contribute. Indigence is a defense here, though.   With the touching of other laptops, the school may have a hand here. While on school property, what they say goes, essentially. Outside of school, they have no control, however - if using a school laptop, then the school is still the property owner (if rented), and they can determine usage policies, equivalent to a EULA, basically.   Enforcing outside of school is a tricky area. Most places only allow the school's domain to exist from their first contact with the system to the last contact with the system (example, arriving at the bus stop to go to school until they leave the bus stop on the way home). I've known kids who get suspended for snowball fights while off-campus, but at the school bus stop, and the local court upheld it. I would imagine for the most part, it's just following who owns the property. If it's the school's computer, they make the rules.   Clothing is a relatively untouched subject, but so long as it doesn't interfere with school functioning, they can [go fuck themselves](
0	On autopilot...miss my turn...   wife: "Um, aren't you gonna turn?"   me: "Um...yes...I'm just going this other way....I know how to drive!"     Next time I'm on autopilot...miss turn and all possible alternatives...   Wife: "Where are you going?"   Me: "Why didn't you tell me I was going the wrong way?"
1	And the ending:   Baron Nashor's Blessing was evidently cursed and that was the final turning point of the game.  The rest of our pushes weren't without resistance but they couldn't afford another full engagement, each of their towers and inhibitors fell.   We kept their respawns staggered, holding off killing their team so that they wouldn't be able to all respawn and homeguard rush us for an ace, they stopped moving in and waited for the others to respawn though and made a final engagement.   The Sona ult went out and their entire team disappeared simultaneously. Towers down and the Nexus falls.   The gratuitous "Noob team" "So fing lucky win" and the odd "go die" from the enemy team and I was facing a Victory screen.   Final Score, 20/8/19   Conclusion   At 20 minutes this looked like one of the worst games I'd ever had the misfortune to play, I was tempted to start the surrender vote myself. But something told me to just click no and carry on with the game, and you know what? I'm glad I did.  I'd resigned myself to the loss but I was driven to just play it until it's end to  get better , not to win, just for practice and so that I could play better next game and take any lessons I'd learnt away with me.   Because my team didn't flame, and because they kept working together no matter how grim the game looked we ended up winning through coordination.   After the game every member of the team added each other and spammed each other with GGs and "HOLY SHIT HOW DID WE WIN", I made 4 good friends today, and I had an excellent win, +17LP may not be much but I feel like I worked for each and every point.   Oh, and I still only got 1 honour, 'Friendly'.   Really?
0	Dropped out of college, started working as a grunt at a cabinet shop pushing wood through a table saw, learned the various woodworking tools in the shop, started working in the mockup shop at an aerospace company pushing metal through a band saw. Started machining aluminum while there, applied knowledge to CNC mill, learned to CNC program, started messing around with 3D CAD program, learn it, start designing aircraft parts in 3D. Now, 8 years later, I'm in a position where I sit at a desk all day and read reddit while I field questions from aerospace engineers with bachelors and masters degrees on how to do their job designing and building aircraft parts. I make 65k a year, not a lot but enough to live comfortably, especially since I have $0 debt. I don't even have an associates degree to speak of but I consider myself educated and smarter than most people I work with. All in all, a formal education is nice, but by no means necessary. Having experience in a particular field or trade goes a lot further to a potential employer than an education in the same field, hands down.   My advice to younger people would be to learn a trade after high school, get some xp to show for it. If you feel it's something you want to pursue further, then go to night school and bolster your xp with an education if you feel so inclined. Don't expect to be hire-able straight out of college with no xp. College teaches you how to finish something you start, not how to be an effective and useful employee.
0	OP   > Can someone with a professional perspective in sociology, dating, feminism, history, or psychology explain exactly why women are so closely scrutinized, evaluated, and assumed to have a sexual agenda?   This person is saying that men are doing these horrible things to her. go read the post.   In the comments:   >   This whole comment thread - holy shit.   Same post:   someone:  > I think one reason might be that some, not all men, are very bad at reading non verbal behavior and as a result use wishful thinking to process it.   OP > How can this be debunked? I'm not happy at all to have this projected onto me, and not at all happy that being generally friendly and kind can be misconstrued to have a deliberately seductive intent. Is this a recent development? Is this a function of PUA rhetoric, or has it always been so?   Because men express interest in OP, or comment on her fucking lipstick, they're PUAs.     Here's another one:
0	I used to overdraft my account all the time.  As I have grown up I have become a little more responsible with my money and check my accounts almost every day.  However, I recently made a payment for my student loans and chose the wrong account to take it from (you have default accounts listed when you chose your payment method and I was not aware I had already put in the wrong one).  BOOM!  $35 overdraft fee.  And, I am pretty sure I have overdraft protection (the funds come from a different account just in case).  Still charged (fucked) me.
1	So um, that sounds great, but speaking as a software engineer, that's not actually how bugs (or in particular fixing bugs) works.  If they found a bug, particularly a critical bug, then it's not like they can just "release everything else while they fix it."  Assuming that they even know where the bug is, making the code-change to "leave that part out" could easily introduce even more bugs.
1	I think I've used ignite/heal only one time in ranked (over 1k games) and that was with Fizz meeting a Zyra mid (before she got nerfed). Actually I ain't good with Fizz but somehow i still had 12/3/6 througout the game.
1	Cloud9  players are unavailable for the  ALL STAR CHALLENGE  since they are the NA representatives in the invitational tournament. That means, no  Meteos, Hai  etc., in this event, but they will still be participating in the allstars.   Fnatic  players are unavaible for  ALL STAR CHALLENGE  since they are the EU representatives in the invitational tournament. That means, no  Xpeke  etc., in this event, but he will still be participating in the allstars.   SKT T1  players are unavaible for  ALL STAR CHALLENGE  since they are the OGN representatives in the invitational tournament. That means, no  Faker  etc., in this event, but he will still be participating in the allstars.
0	i find meaningless conversation just that, meaningless. why drone on and on a topic that neither party has direct control over. Get an idea out of me, don't use me as your excuse to inflate your ego or up talk something i clearly have no opinion on.
0	I got here late so no one will see this but I just got done (few months ago) dating someone exactly like what OP describes. She lied about everything, even the littlest of things. She has a serious problem with drinking and pills and going to jail for assault. She created a fake boyfriend after we broke up to try and make me jealous. When that didn't work she told me she was going to come kill my dog one day while I was at work. Anyway, I just wanted to write all this to say that the sex was NOT good or worth it in any shape or form for any of those people spouting the "crazy in the head/crazy in bed" people. This girl is psychotic, unstable, and has serious issues. Sex was all completely centered around her and without going into too much detail it was extremely boring and not worth the emotional pain she put me through and the trust issues I will have for a long time.
1	The reason is that for me incompetence and incompetent play isn't fun.   Do I enjoy going 17/3/31 as Irelia? Yes, yes I do. Do I then enjoy losing that game because my team gets overzealous and one by one runs into all 5 of the enemies, leaving me along to defend the base at minute 40?  No, no I do not.   This was a legitimate game I had.  I snowballed so hard and then used my advantage to get my other, losing, lanes advantage.  We were up by 15 kills, 3 towers and had Baron buff over the enemy.  One overzealous, and crap, jungler lost us the game by running into a 5v1, then others trying to save him.   My fun comes from winning, it comes from having my good play rewarded.  It does not come from playing well and then losing so that I then have to deal with similarly skilled teammates as I had before.
0	I have always thought that the odds are in your favor once you get into your mid-twenties for meeting women. After all, you have a bigger pool to choose from. For example: when you are 18, you pretty much are limited to people around the age of 18-22. However, when you turn 25, the range can be 18-30 or so. That is a lot more possibility. Am I wrong? Not to mention all of the girls you went to school with who will be recently divorced.
0	I thought I recognized that second song title you stated.   Dance Gavin Dance is.. uh... I honestly don't know, but they aren't metal.
0	Former HD department head here. I know Depot employees get a lot if bad rap because they are hard to find, but honestly 99% of the time it's the store mangers fault for keeping the building understaffed to cut costs. Unless they are a 200 million dollar store like Hawaii,  the staff is kept to a bare minimum so they can afford to over staff at large sales dates.   That being said, nearly everyone I worked with genuinely cared about helping customers and would often try to go above and beyond to help them with a problem. Of course there were still people who thought the company was evil for making them try to do their jobs, but on the whole most people loved their jobs.   I remember once my store manager sent the entire leadership team to help build an add on to a house for a old lady who had lost both her children in a horrible car accident and her grandkids were now coming to live with her. She couldn't afford to build the add on, so we ate the bill and helped with the project. It was awesome...the pure joy and gratitude on that woman's face still makes me smile from time to time.
1	Hmmm, never double chain unless you're bored/toying with them/need a CC train while waiting for company to help. The best way to harass/chunk at 6 is to W to them enemy (hitting them if you can to get extra damage/they aren't prepared for a faceblanc) and Q+R+E or simply W+Q+R to be safe (the E would be there to CC them for the next round of spells or if someone is coming to help). Keep in mind what you just used; if you just used Q and you have a gank incoming just W away, if they chase heavily R so you have another W.
0	I prefer big women and am an ass / legs guy... ass & legs surround a woman's reproductive center, so liking that makes sense.   What doesn't make sense is when men are into breasts, which serve the purpose of feeding children, and like it when a woman's behind looks like a young boy's.  Freud would have some interesting things to say about what our society finds attractive in women.
1	To me, her biggest problem is that she requires twice as much skill and proper positioning as most other ADCs. Her 1v1s are stupidly strong, and as many have mentioned she's a nightmare to casters with any channels; however, when it comes to team fighting, many a Quinn have no idea how to manage their abilities and cool downs. She's a high skill cap champette that needs an experienced player or a lot of work put in to really become a terror.
1	Platinum Teams are somehow the highes League in the system, this is a bug. If u have a Diamond Team and a Plat I'll show the Plat on your friendlist and so on.
1	Rekkles trying to get Tabbz's ALL spot for a long time, Rekkles losing to ALL in the finals and then leaving Fnatic to join the rivals they just lost against, immediately making a shit ton of roster changes onces things aren't going your way. Bringing in Kev1n is the most retarded roster change I've ever seen in league. Krepo being salty. Wickd being a terrible player with a horrible champion pool.
0	I was at a WalMart (weird that I would find domestic violence at a fine establishment such as WalMart), and me and a few friends heard screaming in the back corner of the parking lot. All of my friends kept walking and said "I'm sure someone else has already called the cops". For those of you who don't know, this is called the "bystander effect". I decided to call because I did not want to standby or walk away from a screaming woman screaming "NO". We all ran back to the screams and a man shoved the screaming woman in the car when he saw us coming. I got the plate, and a description of the vehicle and the male. He proceeded to speed around the parking lot and by the time he reached the exit of WalMart, a cop lit him up. Who knows if he was going to go kill her? I don't. Always call the police. Or at least do something.   Edit:
0	Although mostly true this doesn't mean that you can claim 99 and put the money in a savings account until it's due.   You are correct. I'm not sure where you dug this tangent up from, but I don't remember asserting that at all. (
0	Ok, Im new to this reddit game so i'm not sure if replying like this lets everybody know OP is no fag but here goes.   Basically i've spent the last 6 months working in a laboratory as part of my M.Sc course trying to work out a therapeutic cure for malaria by investigating the calcium dependent signalling pathway. Im a good student so i work on things in the time allocated, so id been perfecting it for 6 months   So on my last night at uni (I reiterate LAST NIGHT) its the summer ball, so we lock our doors and head out all suited up looking fancy fly having a great night out. I come home, and notice nothing is wrong, i'm pretty drunk and cant find my laptop, so im like, its probably  somewhere  and just got to sleep. I awake the next day and cant find the fucking thing and so i call the police. Then basically, the equivalent of detective Phelps comes over to my house; Gloves, Pen to poke things with, you name it.   It turns out, some burglars climbed up my drain pipe, jimmyed open a window, crept in a nicked everyones laptops out of their room and left everything else. On that laptop was my Thesis, and with that 10,000 words went POOF as like a moron i didn't back it up   Since then i've been working frantically to get it done, but i havnt been able to, so i ring my course conveyor begging for an extra week or so. He was literally, like, WOAH, calm down man. its fine, have an extra 3 weeks, just make sure you get it done.   What a G.
1	Greetings, OP. It seems you may believe you are a good Udyr player and now think that Udyr should fade back into nothingness. However, Udyr has always been this powerful, the mana cost changes only made him a better choice in the jungle.   What's that, you say? Phoenix Stance has been buffed? V1.0.0.120: Phoenix Stance: activation damage increased to 15/25/35/45/55 from 10/18/26/34/42   Wow. 5/7/9/11/13 extra damage, o an ability that scales with AP. This is what makes Udyr "OP"? I surely must not be watching 2k elo streams, because they are rampant with these AP Udyr's.   Oh, you mean they use Tiger stance and Turtle+Wriggles to lane, and harass? Well,  ** , let's see how those to stances have been affected:   V1.0.0.120: Turtle Stance: now heals Udyr based upon the actual damage dealt (instead of the raw damage dealt), but the heal is not reduced if **the damage is shielded V1.0.0.116: Tiger Stance: Hit particle no longer plays on turrets. Udyr's hands will now always display hand particles when his next attack will shred the target. V1.0.0.108: Tiger Stance: Base damage changed to 30/80/130/180/230 from 40/80/120/160/200. It no longer scales off of ability power. Attack damage scaling increased to 1.7 from 0.5. Persistent attack speed in Tiger Stance increased to 20/25/30/35/40% from 15/20/25/30/35%. Initial damage effect can now be triggered any time in Tiger Stance, or within 5 seconds of casting it even if you switch stances. Restored the hit particle to Tiger Stance's basic attacks.   Turtle stance? nothing. Tiger stance? The last "buff" it got was a rework to make it useful. And that was months ago.   Why is Udyr underplayed? He isn't as "clear" as say, Warwick, where you just right click jungle enemies and shut someone out of a fight. Udyr has numerous paths, builds, and techniques to make him most likely the most flexible jungler in the game. Why was he rarely seen up until his "buffs"? With Tanky dps running rampant with instant gap closers (Ex: Xin Zhao, Jarvan IV, Irelia, and such), Udyr felt "weak" and "clunky" because his only gap closer was a movespeed buff and a 1sec stun every 6 sec. He fell out of favor because there were stronger jungle picks that had the instant gap closer.   Why is he being played now? Wriggles and Turtle stance. There is no way of going around this. Tiger has not been complained about since it's rework in V108. Phoenix has never been complained about. But when Riot changed Wriggle's proc to no longer heal for solo laners, the obvious advantage is the only champion who can, Udyr.
1	jesus christ finally! 'Vayne only works in certain teamcomps' Chaox and Doublelift both have said this so many times.   Vayne gets shit on by aoe as well, vs a traditional kiteable bruiser top, bruiser jungle comp she rapes faces but people just don't seem to get taht she's situational. Her kit allows for some really good 1v1'ing but you have to look at the whole package, ofc she's very strong but there is a REASON she's not picked or banned every game in competitive play, as doublelift and chaox say, she's situational.   She works xtremely well in solo Q because there's less coordination and less though-over teamcomps. soloQ =/= draft, and draft is what's the game is actually about.   People will always look at the pubstompers that are actually not that OP but require some knowledge/finesse to play against, and all the QQ eventually ruins the champs. eg. Tryn, Morde.
1	She's really strong because she can completely zero out all dive. If the enemy team runs a really strong comp that wants to team fight and jump into your back line they can't do it vs. Janna. Take split push and save your ult to knock back the enemy team when they engage and you can basically walk away for free and siege as much as you want. It's super hard to deal with unless you're way better than the enemy team, and it requires you to actually coordinate and make strategic team plays (something not often done in soloQ).
0	but that doesn't change the fact that I'm pronouncing their names wrong. Facts are facts.   Language is not so cut and dry. If the person whose name you're referring to says you're pronouncing it right, then it's right. But this is only if it's your personal name. The same rules cannot apply when A seemingly mispronounces B's name, and C corrects A, even though B prefers A's pronunciation. C does not have this authority.   >it's not wrong under any context unless if you're specifically referring to the pronunciation of the romanized word "Japan".   Let's take a few steps back. What is the ultimate purpose of language and communication? Can we agree that it is to get an idea across, to spread an idea from one person to another? I think that's fair, if it's not let me know.   If this is acceptable, then communicating "right" would be succeeding in this goal of getting your point across, agreed? Communicating "wrongly" would be to fail in getting your point across, likely through some form of miscommunication (commonly from a different understanding of what a word means). However, since the goal is to communicate between two or more people, definitions must be accepted. These definitions are fluid, and on a societal level. Society, in this context, refers to a specific locale, such as where you live, be it city or country or anywhere that language is used commonly.   Any given country, in the language that country speaks, has a term for itself AND a term for many other countries. The United States calls itself that (or America, or a variety of similar, really), and we call Japan "Japan."  Japan, on the other hand, calls itself Nihon or Nippon, and likely has it's own names for America that an American would be unfamiliar with.   To communicate "correctly" one must use terms the society they are in is used to, if we don't, then it is "incorrect." I assert that English speaking countries/locales are not used to calling Japan Nihon, because that is not the English word for the country. Thereby, to call Japan Nihon would not assist in getting a point across, and in fact may make it harder to do so if your audience does not know that word. This is therefore an incorrect means of communication.   This is not to say that Nihon is incorrect in  all  contexts, as it would obviously be the correct term in Japan, where the term would be understood. Likewise however, just because it is correct in one context doesn't mean it is correct in all.
1	You read the whole thing. How are you supposed to understand without reading it? Why do you (not just you but everyone who only reads
1	Whats good:   Getting a micro picture of how each game played out through the timeline feature was both a great idea and well-executed.   Its was fun getting lost in my old games trying to see what the "story of the game" was and how my actions affected it's course.   It is also an ideal way of visualizing the game as a coach or analyst trying to show players how the game flows.   Whats needed:   At first, before I clicked on an individual game, I was getting ready to be disappointed.   While the micro-story is rich, the macro view of one's individual play is missing. I was expecting lolking-esque charts of my performance with each champion, the way that it is already done for ranked in-client.   There is much deeper macro territory to tread still. You can have a comparison of most played champs vs highest win rate champs. Item builds that tend to win or lose you games. Do you tend to win games where you get a lot of kills or a lot of cs? With so many possibilities, its too bad they didn't have even one.   edit:
1	The thing about ranked is that you have to FARM FARM FARM. Then FARM some more. Mid/late game is what matters in ranked. Normally (not in elo hell) they aren't feeding early. They're just farming, so they can do better mid/late game.
0	Here comes a whole entire thread about how having no kids and dual incomes is so much better or whatever the reason is for having no kids reddit chooses to focus on that day. In this case what do you expect? It's a fucking human being inside of her!   I'll be honest with you. If you get your shit together and have kids early (twenties) your wife's body will recover much better than when you wait until you are in your thirties.   I just hate when I hear people say, "that's why I'm never having kids" over such stupid excuses. Such as, her vagina gets stretched out, sex life dies, cost too much money, or her body will look shitty, etc. Just say you have no interest in raising a child.   Obviously I have a skewed perspective as I have a wife and 2 kids myself. It's not easy but it's something you choose to do together. When your old and look like shit anyway you will be very happy that you have your kids to watch grow up with their own families.
1	Feels like you are leaving some stuff out.  Some random guy having all the info you need to 'steal' an account is really unlikely.  Sure, they could keylog you and get your user and password, but to send in a ticket and recall it, they have to know some stuff.  They ask some questions that some random guy wouldn't know. It sort of sounds like you/the account might of been involved in account selling/trading =/   I always want to believe the OP, but it is really hard to on reddit.   I don't know what you mean by  "my account got stolen through riot's system".   For someone to steal your account, they need quite a lot of personal info of the account.  They would need access to the original email and some other stuff.   Scenarios like this are very common in League buying/selling/trading communities.   quite a few things could of happened.     The Op could of bought the account from someone, the guy decided he wanted it back and provided the needed info and gotten it back.     Maybe the OP sold the account in question, got it back, and the guy he sold it to is 'hijacking it'     The OP could of had a lot of his information stolen and then someone used that info to hijack his account.       I honestly doubt the 3rd thing is the case.  It wouldn't be unheard of, but it is quite unlikely.   The info they asked you for (I assume name, creation date, orignal email, IP, recent payment method, etc) is the exact info they asked the guy who 'hijacked' it..so I assume I am not alone in thinking some random guy wouldn't just know this info and be able to 'steal' the account.  I just don't think you are telling us 100%   If the account was bought or traded for, you should of known this could of happened.  It's just how it works.  LoL's security makes buying and selling accounts a rather silly thing to even do (even though it is in the first place, just play on your own account )   If you are the original owner and creator of the account, then I am sorry and this sucks and I hope you get it figured out.   Oh and I see you said the info provided doesn't match.  So from my experience it sort of sounds like the common scenario of you bought the account, someone sent you fake info (as in, fake creation date, fake original email, ip, etc) and they eventually recalled it.  This is just from my experiences in these cases.
0	It's not acceptable, but as a smoker we don't give a fuck about our bodies. Why do you think we'd give a fuck about the earth? Quit whining like you've never tossed trash in the streets.
0	Old people need diapers because their shitting muscles are weak and loose after years of abuse. Thus, when we're all around 75 years of age, an advice mallard meme stating, "Do yourself a favor and invest in a high quality adult diaper." will be relevant to redditors.
1	So. I've got a couple of ideas. The first one being a champ that deals magic damage with autonattacks, simply enough. Could crit, - not sure how it'd go wih lifesteal/spellvamp though. Unsure as well if the autos would scale wi AP or AD.   Another one is a versatile fucker. Like. Super fucking versatile. Either changing base stats in addition to his spells abilities (IE: Q = some sort of dmg, increases AD or AP scaling on abilities. Or crit, or whatnot. W = shirld and some MR / armor. E = short stun and a MS boost, the passives woul be non- stackable unless ult is on. R= allows the extra effects from various abilities stack with eachother for X seconds, as well as increasing range or duration on stun, shield deals half it's amount in damage when disappearing, Q applies either a slow or a DoT.)   OOOOOR some champ that can kind of tailor his skillset. Starts of weak, below than average stats.. But at X level (or just beginning of the game) he / she / it can choose to domewhat take on the tole of ADC, SUPP, TANK or AP.  AD form could be given some thing AA related, and a bit extra range - even if starting out as melee to begin with. Abilities would gain various offensive aspects (AD scaling, something something something.) the supp spec would allow for casting some spells on allies for shields or heals, as well as potentially adding armor or MR shred to one of the abilities.   The tank would have CC, as well as.. Uh. Maybe tenacity, mr and armor base boost. HP scaling on defensive abilities.   AND THEN THE AP. AP scaling and flat dmg increase on abilities,something that opens up for combos.   And another one. A ranged assassin using some sort of hands or such to damage enemies - primarily not having a projectile. The hand appearing next to the targer before hitting them.. Or anything like that. Stealth or kind of short range and extreme mobility would be awesome. Especially if coupled with doing mafic damage on AA. I can imagine something like a child (or yordle) with spectral or just magic disembodied hands who he uses to attack.
0	Fuck this.  All the people saying we don't have those kind of problems.  Ours are worse.  They are far more subtle.  If we don't stop it now we won't ever stop it.   If we don't stop it now we are putting it off for a violent conflict further down the road.  We can prevent Egypt from happening, we can prevent Syria from happening.  But only if you get off your ass.   Think about that for a minute.   It's the same thing with global warming.  The American people bitch about it online but change their life in no meaningful way.  Don't be a fucking sheep.  Don't wait for someone to tell you to do something.  This is bullshit and you should be mad about it.  The fact that someone has to tell you that you need to be mad is sad as all get out.
0	Hard to know for sure unless your a lawyer or a cop though.   Do you think cops and lawyers have secret knowledge? I would think that children, like you, who have grown up with the Internet would intuitively look up any answers you don't know, but for some reason you don't/can't.   Cops can't interfere with a contract (aka civil matters) and those has to be dealt with by the court system and there is tons of documentation all over the Internet to back that up.
1	After reading my post and your post I have to say you are right and wrong at the same time. One of the fundemental flaws in League of Legends is that high-tier items are more efficient than their buildup (base) items, this causes the team that is ahead to secure their lead, preventing comebacks.   The term snowballing is just in a really weird place because in League of Legends it's really easy to secure a lead, so it's more of a head start which stays the same rather than growing out of control. Scaling in League of Legends is a lot more linear so once you have a lead you stay in the lead. In Dota 2, if you don't stop Anti-Mage before he gets his battlefury he is going to snowball out of control. You didn't stop him when he was small, and now he will scale faster than everyone else, getting further and further ahead.   I don't know if there are any graphs of gold/exp leads in League of Legends? You should compare them to Dota 2.
1	There are flaws in this logic.   First off, you're picking an  entire team  to counter just  one  of their picks. If you're letting someone have that magnitude of dominance over you before the game even starts, you're in trouble already.   Cohesiveness is a big one as well - he's not easy to counter if what we'll say for the sake of argument does completely counter him (tanky dps team) is hard to get. It's one thing to say "Everyone just be tanky", it's another thing entirely to get everyone to do it - don't chase singed, stop towerdiving, focus on lasthits over harass: those are all extremely easy things to do, but you're not going to get your team to just do it.   Your suggested counter isn't necessarily a counter, either. There's a reason people pick squishy champs instead of 100% tanky champs, squishy champs actually deal decent damage. I've lost a good number of games because we've got Irelia and Morgana and Garen and there's basically no real damage output. It sounds good on paper to have 4 or 5 champs that can fend for themselves, but when teamfights start you get 0 kills with your initial burst and then their AD carry starts melting you.   And finally, Talon's just stupid powerful. Riot's acknowledged that he's OP and have more nerfs in store for him. No teams with Talon on them lost at IEM NY (small sample size, but still revealing), and he really does snowball hard if the enemy makes a mistake (which isn't hard, and even hard not to do at low Elo).
1	To ward for Nocturne ganks you probably want to try and ward farther out. Not to far that the ward is useless but far enough that you have time to back out before he ults. I like to gank down lane which is very hard to ward for but in general if you can get a decent idea of where the jungler is by having your mid always ward and possible ward towards their buffs then you can hopefully if not avoid at least be ready for the gank.
1	Agreed.   I don't know how many times I've played Akali and had some smart ass pick Lee or other "counters" only for me to wreck faces. And it's not like I'm a great player, but I have hundreds of games with Akali, she's second nature to me and someone picking a character they have played even half of that with can't hope to beat me because I know the limits of my character and what she can do.   My favourite aspect of this is when someone low on hp tries to bait me into a fight under their tower, only for me to Q, R in and then R out on a minion. Or even better, the max range Q that takes an age to reach them, killing them as I walk away, like a boss.
1	I'm really glad this is being implemented as its own queue, I do have times where I'll really really want to play a certain champ, but it is either banned often or too against the meta for my team to get along (or I simply might not get that role).
1	Sure you can, you simply don't want to or have used the wrong champs. Support is just s2 style mid or jungle champs(high utility with tank or poke) without damage items. In fact support is actually one of the most aggressive roles in the early game since you don't spend time csing, your sole purpose is to zone out the enemy laners and keep your adc safe (wards and such.) After laning phase, its just like any other role. Ward some shit, make plays, capitalize on mistakes. Create positive situations for your team.   Playing support has made me better at every other role because it requires more fine micro to play and it's increased my map awareness.
0	You're a host at a restaurant. You are on the bottom of the food chain, remember that. You're a piece of expendable eye candy for your GM, probably. I've managed, worked all over the line, and have been a server.
1	I used to say that because I can't tell you how many 2k friends of mine in S2 said they see me play n think that....but I've kinda stopped now. Partly cause im tired of repeating myself (Go figure) and partly cause of new tier system.   I believe/feel the tier system deserves to be given a shot in earnest once my pc probs are fixed before I start down that road of thought again. Mostly because I WAS gold in S2...For a time. Then right before it ended, dropped 250 points from constant feeders/trolls (Talkin 1 or 2 people a game going 1-10 or worse)...But now with tier system, I'll just work harder n if I can actually get to gold, no worries (right now) about being dropped back to silver.   Will also admit day9s approach to tiers opened my eyes recently. "Tiers are not skill, they're simply marks of progress." Especially in a genre/game like LoL with a teamwork focus, someone could easily have high level skill but not get high tiers because of poor progress rates in ranked.
1	I disagree. Mechanically i believe NA and EU have a higher number of top ADs. China and Korea have the better team play, winning more games. China has 2 (Uzi, Vasili) that come to mind and Korea has 3, 2 of which play in China (imp, Deft), the other is in NA (Piglet). Ohq is fantastic, but isn't better then NaMei. I need to edit the ADs because I completely forgot Deft. Space has a lot of work to make up in order to catch the top 10 IMO. Hes has  potential  for far to long that I though CJ Entus was crazy to keep him for season 5.
1	It's not just the damage, it's protection against heals and life steal also. A 6 item AD carry will be at full health in roughly 3 seconds if you let them auto attack. If they don't get full to zerod -- which is very difficult if they have something like Soraka passive and a QSS / BV -- you want that extra little something to ensure they're out of the fight.   Graves at level 18 with 10 stacks of passive, flat MR blues, QSS and a Soraka with Aegis nearby:   30 + 30 + 13 + 16 + 24 + 56 MR = 169 MR  With 46% penetration = 77 effective MR  100 / 177 MR = 0.56% damage  1922 base health on Graves  1922 * 1.56 = 2998 magic damage required to kill   Heals:  350 health + 440 health + 525 health = 1315 hp  175 health + 220 health + 262 health = 658 hp (if ignited)   Difference in magic damage required to kill (best case scenario)   1922 + 1315   1.56 = 5049 magic damage  1922 + 658 - 410   1.56 = 3388 magic damage
0	This is the exact process I go through, for all of my classes. I'm nearing my mid 20's now, and am taking school "seriously" (meaning show up and just slog through the ridiculously easy content, {barring my CISCO classes...those classes are no joke}). The look of pain on a teacher's face when absolutely no one in the class is seeming to be able to grasp the concept enough to spark the conversation necessary to broach the next topic, is just hard to see.   It's just hard to see them actively trying to help the students who honestly don't know yet, or are too stupid to understand, yet no one in either of those categories is willing to actively participate in class, is what pushed me into the same logic as you. If you won't talk, and the lecture has stalled out because it required some participation, then yes, I will in fact raise my hand and give them the answer so that they can continue to do their job, and I make sure that I get to my next class having actually used my brain instead of just machine writing notes that will barely get looked at.   If you participate in class, you only need notes over specific things. Your participation actively engages you in the conversation, and forms more connections in your brain about the subject, because more of your brain is actively working on the topic.
0	As someone that played a Dark Age of Camelot on/off for 10 years and tried a few times to vill that void with WoW... don't do it.   I don't know if you're physically active or not, but I suggest getting into triathlons (if you have a bike or the means to buy one).  You don't need all the fancy gear that will inevitably be pushed your way, but I find it way more satisfying now to think of my own stats as what are worth improving.  Granted, I still get the urge to game occasionally, but between Assassin's Creed (the original one) and Borderlands I can usually spend a few hours on a weekend and kill the craving.
1	Really ?  No
1	It all depends on how you play your lane. Agressive? You prolly need wards asap! Passive? Get a gold gaining item, play it safe, get a cup of coffee, and before you know it you'll have more gold as a support then you would ever dream of.
0	Well, you're not alone and you certainly aren't the worst case scenario, so don't feel too badly. It just comes down to either hormone levels (and that's if you're lucky, at least there's a fix for that) or if you're unlucky like me its just shitty genetics. I have like, full sideburns that grow down my face and thins out under my chin, a treasure trail, and chest hair. The amount of effort it takes to remove it is beyond frustrating, but not removing it isn't an option.
1	She's actually not too bad now that she's settled into the house, I've seen VoD's of the 3 of them (KP Siv and Mommie) interacting together and that's really where you get to see their individual personalities come out. Till I saw that I still thought Mommie was a Siv clone but my mind has been changed.   Also you might want to re-read what Siv actually said, he's not actually complaining about making content that gets muted for copyright infringement, not sure where you got that misconception. I know for a fact that Siv Industries go out of their way to only use media that is completely open (Siv has mentioned it specifically on stream in the past), so I'd be very surprised if any of their VoD's ever get taken down/muted unless something slipped by accidentally.
0	When I think about it, I don't think I've ever had a teacher that I outright hated.   Pre-school  - can remember the place but don't remember the faces   K-8th grade (besides 5th and the first half of 6th grade which were also in the same type of school but in a different state) were my private Lutheran school years all in one, kind of small building where everyone knew each other. It was kind of weird because my classmates and I would stay in the same room as some other teachers would come in to teach us what they were assigned to do, and everyone of those teachers (or most) had a class they presided over)   Kindergarten  - One of my favorite teachers that was also oversaw me start making friendships with kids who I'd know for quite some time   1st Grade  - Pretty cool teacher that was known for teaching science and computers (got me into computers, typing, Microsoft, etc.)   2nd Grade  - One of my favs   3rd Grade  - Old teacher but was great   4th Grade  - One of the strictest teachers I've had and was also the mother of one of my classmates   5th Grade  - Had two. For the first few weeks or so, I was part of this class that had this old dude that was popular in school sports and church outings. For the rest of that grade, my mom and I moved over to California and I had this female teacher that was great.   6th Grade  - Same thing with 5th grade, but the duration was kind of a little longer for the first half. In Cali, was with a teacher that was popular in sports again. Back at the small Lutheran school, it was a female teacher that everyone couldn't take their eyes off of (huge jugs).   7th Grade  - Had a teacher that was famous for her love of music and was the choir director for 6th grade and up   8th Grade  - Pretty cool teacher who we always joked with because of his bald head. I think one time we brought in a Mr. Clean bottle with his face taped onto the bottle.   And now for high school and college that I'll just breeze through and kind of serve as a
1	Let me tell you this... Yesterday we had a Cassiopeia on our team.   We were losing every other lane than bot, and cassio had something like 0/6 so she didn't do any major damage to the enemy team.   Enemy team was pushing to our top inhibitor. Cassio flash+ulted all 5 players stunning them. That ult won us the whole game, we managed to get baron and finish the game after that. We were seriously 20 kills or so behind at that point. We had no enemy turrets down before that and enemy Irelia was just freefarming top lane.
1	Utility-ish items are often not noticed too clearly, but they really are there to help with a nice boost to many stats. CDR is tricky to build into a pure AP and MR will reward you earlier on; the health and sustain boost aren't bad either, just subtle. Same with Aegis, doesn't seem like much, but it probably saves your team mates more than you think.
0	I am going to stand up here and say "fuck you".   I am in a relationship with a big age difference, but really, age has never come into it. We see each other as equals. Compatibility between two people can transcend things like age and sex and race.   Queue all the usual morons telling me it will never work, I am taking advantage and that I am a creep.   Again; fuck you. It has lasted longer than many other "adult" relationships - and I can only see us growing stronger as time goes on - the power in the relationship is equal and born of respect, love and the mutual goal of being together for a very long time, and I don't give a shit what you think about me. We are really happy and we love each other so deeply I could not give a flying fuck what you think.   Why the hell should it matter to you? If you don't want that sort of relationship then keep your nose out. Yes most (read 99%) of 18 year olds are still retarded children, but there are the rare few that are more adult than most people will ever be.   As ever with these horrible generalizations it is bullshit when applied to certain real-world circumstances. If we all had to conform to what you think is normal then this would be a really shitty and boring place to live.   If two people like each other enough to put up with the prejudice from the ignorant masses then that bond tends to be pretty damn strong.
1	I came here to say that iWDominate has changed a lot since his permaban/1 year LCSban. I never cared much about him as a player and didn't think of him too highly skillwise but since his ban I decided to start to watch his stream a bit and I was really surprised.   He is extremly skilled in his position and has a lot of knowledge, nor does he rage at his teammates anymore. Actually he is the kind of teammate i'd want to have in my team of all my soloq games. Trys hard, gives friendly advices and doesn't give up.   I remember this one match where a guy flamed him for a loss eventho he did well on nocturne where the guy said "No wonder Dignitas never won with trash like you". I could see how sad Dom was because he knew if he'd flame the entire community would again go like OH GOD DOM IS BAD GUY PLZ BANN AGAIN, however his and the enemy team stepped up for him and told him its BS what this Darius is talking and that they will report him
0	If you're watching a "For pennies a day" commercial it's probably for World Vision International.  They admit that  "When you make a gift, your contributions are pooled with that of other sponsors of children in the community where your child lives. Your child receives health care, education, nutritious food, and the entire community benefits from access to clean water, agricultural assistance, medical care, and more."   Their advertising is deceptive as it makes it seem that the money will go directly to the child.   That said, they're a fairly highly rated [charity]( and according to [last year's financials]( only about 14% of donated funds went to overhead and marketing.  They are a religiously founded organization and they do push their beliefs so that's a strike against them.  IMHO, you're better off donating to Doctors Without Borders.
0	When my brother came out to my mom -- back in 1990, I think -- my mom cried. She asked if he was sure. She said she loved him anyway. We were evangelical Christians so this was of course so taboo (though my mom said she knew since he was about 3). But she kept it together for the most part. In the next breath he said he was smoking now. She was SO PISSED. "Are you kidding me?? You need to stop that shit RIGHT NOW! I could wring your neck!" ;)   Fast forward all these years later. My mom loves my brother's boyfriend and considers him family. And my mom's feelings about homosexuality are completely different now. She stopped going to a church that put her child in the same group as murderers and rapists. She's much happier now and they're very close.
0	Thank you. I wish more people thought like you. I don't understand why people don't like letting people pass. Just move over let them pass and move back over if you want. You go on with your life, they go on with their life.   There is really no point in holding somebody else up, you are just creating more traffic and causing stress. It's not your problem if they get a ticket. Usually when I'm cruising 70-75mph I hope someone comes up behind me going faster. I let them by and figure that if there is a cop waiting a little up the road they will get the ticket, not me.   People who don't let people pass especially piss me off on narrow mountain roads. Most people drive so painfully slow on mountain roads and seem to be scared of the slightest bend and brake annoyingly early. Yes I tailgate those people, I don't want to drive 2mph down this mountain road and it's not safe enough to go around you unless you move your ass over. Moving over takes maybe 5 secs out of your life and then you wont have somebody on your ass for the next however many miles and the other person can drive at their own pace. It's a win win.
0	Ditch the relationship, do what you want. If she gives up on you, it's her loss because when she needs your help in her old-age, you can and should refuse. I realise that I am going to be downvoted for this, but relationships are NOT important. It is far more important to be happy internally, than happy externally. Take no shit from anyone and become what you have wanted. Because otherwise you will hurt everyone around you. I made the mistake of giving up my dream of becoming a physicist and tried to get into med school. In the end, I simply refused to practice for the entrance as I simply did not have an interest in helping other humans. My interest was still lying across the light years we have to yet to see, the stars that have not yet come to life and creatures we have not yet met.
1	What works for me is to consistently communicate with my team, starting from Champion Select, continuing on in the laning phase, and finally and most importantly, during the end game. The idea is to make your teammates very aware of what your needs are during the course of the game, i.e. passivity, ganks, when to push, when to NOT push. Also I always tell my team what my preferences are in Champion Select (AD carry) but have learned at least two other other roles (Support and Mid). The key to raising your ELO imo is balancing flexibility and mastering a few champions.   Finally, someone already said it, but don't worry about the number. Worry about winning your lane and figuring out how you can help other lanes win. More often than not, if you win your lane your chances of the winning the game skyrocket. Of course you'll always run across trolls or people having a bad time (which is the case most often, remember bad game =/= troll) but you can be the consistent factor by mastering your particular lane.
0	So to explain to Americans why us Australians reckon we have a better government: So in the situation where the lower and upper house are completely dead-locked in passing a bill. Australians have someone known as the Governor-General. This person, according to our constitution acts as the Queen's representative (as the Queen is our head of state) for her. This person is not elected by the people and is supposed to be set by the Queen (however by convention is appointed by the Prime minister). The GG has a load of powers that are usually controlled by the Prime minister (convention). However! Once upon a time in a dead-locked parliament the GG acted without the PM and dismissed the PM from being a minister.  Now, whilst this settled the problem and makes us seem like we have a more functional government there are merits to each system. One being that although the USA has the current problem they also have a much better separation of powers; Australia have our executive in our legislature and our head judiciary are appointed by the executive.
0	Is it sexist that if this was the opposite way people would be pissed as fuck? Is it fatshaming?   If so in what direction? Is feederism good and we should be offended that other people are so offended? Is feederism disgusting and we should be offended? Where does the offense end!   I propose we hate everyone equally!   Hate fat people for being fat, hate feeders for making people fat, hate skinny people for shaming fat people, hate curvy girls for having fat in the right places, hate buff guys for lifting, hate pretty girls for being prettier than me, hate hot guys for being hotter than me, hate men for having penises, hate women for having vaginas, hate both for not having sex with me, hate hate, hate haters for hating, hate hater haters for hating haters, hate hater hate, hate myself, hate "hate" for not sounding like a word anymore, hate brains for not remembering the name of that phenomenon, hate brains for remembering it's called semantic satiation, hate liars for claiming they "remembered" when they googled, hate people who didn't actually google and did remember, hate people who
0	It'd worked for me. I had to decide if I wanted to break up with my past So, who wasn't living with me. It happened in the middle of the night, I woke up and immediately was able to put the pieces together.   I have never been able to replicate it in anything that important again but I do take showers to help me go through a tough decision and it works well!
1	Every situation will be different, I only do this when I'm tight on gold and want to stay in lane as long as possible. Ideally, you'll have both jungle choke points warded so you can see when the enemy jungler is getting ready for a gank. A downside to this one ward strategy is that the enemy jungler can simply come in behind and sandwich you in the middle of the lane. You can try to run out the other side of the river, but it's not going to be an easy escape. A champion like Lee is dangerous because of his many gap closers, cripple, and his kick; a good lee would get behind you, kick you towards his teammate, and kill you center lane.
1	Wow. All of the crap I've seen about Nintendude and people showing proof of his "true colors" makes me sad. Shit, we've all done stupid stuff, made stupid responses in the heat of the moment and come to regret it. Fair enough, NDude has been an ass, but everyone can be, and just because he may be a hypocrite or ignorant of his mistakes doesn't mean everyone should take a shit on him. The only difference between him and other people is that his mistakes are saved forever on the internet. We ALL can be total asses whether we intend to or not, and seeing people (Especially randoms who have no relationship/history with him whatsoever) critique his past is just disheartening.
1	Do you even play j4? Of course you use your opponents positioning against them...   If their ranged ad jumps one of the walls into the center of the circle, there are a number of things you can do to make them regret that decision. Here's the number one thing that comes to mind.     Hit r again, making it so they just flashed NEXT to your bruisers. gj.     When did i ever mention sheen procs? I said this :   STANDARD preferably past them-> ult them. From there you have a decision tree based off of what they do after you ult. If they flash/dash -> drop wall, q them, and knock them up.  If they don't flash/have an escape up -> auto attack the living hell out of them, and make sure to q before your standard ends.   I think you're underestimating how fast you can E-Q while smartcasting, and j4's early game dmg potential. You also decided to argue against a point i didnt bring up, which was that i use standard for a sheen proc. I use standard as my insurance policy, so that if they flash, i can still be on them, and trade effectively, or still secure a kill.   Also, so you know, you can flash e-r-q-AA-ignite within 1-1.5 seconds if you know the timing of each skill.   This is obviously only applicable when a kill is assured, or has a high likeliness to happen. The only other time i would do this is if i catch someone being too ballsy in lane, and making it so they HAVE TO LEAVE LANE. if you land the combo like this with 2 dorans and boots, you should deal somewhere close to 50-60% of any normal botlaner, and if you have been denying them farm time by threatening to wombo combo them with your lane partner or 1v1 toplane, you should be able to win your lane with a few kills, or just winning your lane while denying their ad carry/top laner cs.   Regarding towerdives. Do you know what 200-300 dmg + a knockup does to a towerdive? It changes the entire dynamic of what the divers wanted to do.   Unless it's obvious you have your ult up and are 1v3 at 20% hp and have been behind all game and have had 0 ganks and have only a dorans blade/boots and hare yelling in all chat, "COME GET ME!", you should be able to do SOMETHING about SOME towerdives. I never said, "Thwarts any tower dive at any HP 100%!", so don't strawman me.   I would also like to point out the fact that you travel a large distance with his ult, which can often REPLACE needing to use his E-Q to get in, this goes back to you misrepresenting my flash combo.   You seem to want j4 to just walk in and dominate, which means that he would have to have SOME sort of utility nerf, which i think would affect his overall kit too much.
