0	Tips incentivise good waiting in both cases. If you know that doing your job well will result in a tip then you have a reason to try harder.   The difference is that in North America, the tip is the default stance and it is taken away in the face of poor service. In Britain (where I'm from) the default stance is you pay the price on the menu and you tip for good service.   At minimum, waiters should be paid enough to live reasonably. They should never have to rely on your tips to survive, no matter how bad at their job they are. Use tips as a way to reward good service by all means, but as soon as it is a crutch on which service staff have to lean, there's a problem.
0	I agree that overhead should not be the only criteria that one uses to judge a charity's worthiness.  However, alongside some research into the charity it can be a useful figure.  A simple Google search would pull up the World Vision scandal you linked.  That evidence of financial dishonesty should be part of the process to determine if one would donate to that particular charity or not.   I choose not to donate to World Vision.  I made that decision when I researched them and found that they were a Christian charity that used deceptive advertising practices to increase donations.
1	As a result of several bans   Well, if you can't realize after several bans that your attitude is a no go, why should you have the opportunity to keep playing?   If your account wouldn't be permabanned and only banned for few weeks you wouldn't even bother and still flame on.   >  Also do you guys think I should maybe get a 2nd chance   Hell no. If you can't change after few days/weeks bans, you won't change
1	Riot already has a show it's called Patch Rundown and was inspired by
0	Dude... just fucking do it. This is a ubiquitous 'problem' that so many people have and it's the easiest thing in the  world to fix. I know "it's not that easy, I have motivation issues and no money, blah, blah, blah" or whatever. Stop whining. Stop thinking about it. Stop making excuses for yourself. And stop pretending that you have all the time in the world to turn things around. Just fucking do the things you want to do (or do the things that will help get you to the place where you can do the things you want to do). There are many times when I want to do something and laziness or complacency makes me hesitate. But everyday I make an effort to just fucking do it. And once you actually start making moves, all that laziness really starts to dissipate and you wonder why the fuck you haven't just been doing it all along.
1	With that mindset, you won't get far. Saving your teammate means that the opposing team won't get a kill and the game isn't only your 1v1 top, it will eventually lead to the team fights where that mid who got the kill and snowballed because you were selfish can melt you. I remember having teammates with global ults that could have saved me or some of the other teammates but who refused to do so, just because they said that they are saving them for themselves. I simply hated them.
1	It wasn't the double AP comp, it was just the combination of champs they picked. They had ok disengage and decent pick potential with an awful teamfight. The combination of champs had 0 synergy. Their only decent chance would have been sieging, but that doesn't work vs a team with such solid hard engage.
1	What?  Typing while trying to play sucks.  I don't type to my teammates anymore no matter what because I've died way too many times from trying to communicate and move my character at the same time.   Until there is in-client voice communication, I will never chat in game any more and communicate via ping only.  I think RIOT realizes typing while playing is absurd so they implemented the ping system.
0	When I was a young, maybe about 10 years old I was in music class in school and was asked to take some duct tape off an extension cord on the floor. It was near Christmas time and I had a delicious candy cane I had in fact sharpened into a death spike.   Well I went to pull the tape off the cord, my hand slipped and hit the candy cane death spike that was in my mouth, driving it about an inch into the roof of my mouth. Immediately blood was pouring out of my mouth and the principle rushed me to the hospital.
0	I do, too, but I just can't keep up anymore. I can't adjust my schedule around them or devote hours to making sure the rest of my class knows what they're doing. Also if I had to sit around and wait for someone who's vital to the raid and knows it, but chose to be 30 mins late,  again , I was gonna flip my shit.
1	Yep, they wouldn't listen. It was sad.   Especially the fucking Blakinola
0	I just spoke to a Nigerian fisherman who has located a treasure chest but he was just $2,000 short on the funds he needs to rent an ROV and retrieve it.
1	The LCS is what is referred to in business as a "Loss Leader."  They spend money in order to keep their game hyped and keep players interested.  On paper, they are losing money on the LCS, but how much more money do they make from selling RP and merchandise because of the LCS?
1	I really hope this is the beginning of them taking over the servers and getting rid of the useless "GM's" that "manage" the game. They are absolutely useless when it comes to player support and will not even consider helping you unless you directly PM them while stroking their egos.   What we need is a structure similar to Riot NA where there is a dedicated player support team (hopefully none of the existing GMs will get hired for this as they have already proven their incompetence), that will help out with establishing a regional Tribunal as well as tech/customer support.   Please Riot, just take over already. Garena has already proven they have no idea how to manage your game.
1	I honestly dont know why certain games have bigger impact then others. It creates only a bigger pressure and higher chance of you going on tilt. I had several promos that were basiclly ruined, because people were super careless with pretty much everything they could.   I think that promo series should be removed. Atleast removed from the soloQ ladder. I wouldn't mind having promo series on my 5vs5 team. It would probably increase the motivation and focus on my team to win games.   I would personally try with the #old ELO ladder. Not sure how divisions would stick here, but i don't think they serve they purpose. Even look at the EUNE server and diamond 5 divisions. People are super salty and unskilled there which makes climbing impossible impossible.
1	For me just spend some time by browsing free to play champs and find someone you'll suitable with.  Spells scale with Attack Power / Attack Damage (in DotA, most of them have constant damage, regardless to stats and items). Forget about 4s+ disables, longest silence is about 3s and longest stun 2s. There are almost no nukers (like in DotA, when you can kill someone instantly (maybe there's one exception, yet you'll know when it's coming and he can do it like once per minute, two, so you can try to counterplay it :D )), stealth in combat (like Riki's, forget about stuff like that, Riot tries to make much more counterplay opportunities). Three types of damage (physical, magic, true) and two ways to reduce them (armor/magic resist respectively, true damage cannot be reduced, only prevented), items mostly gives stats, only few of them utility, just browse through them to find out details (
0	The only restrictions are that they can't fire you for being part of a protected class (fired for being black, or old), and 'Employment seeker' doesn't count as a protected class, and they can't terminate you in a way that conflicts with your employment contract. If it is in the contract that you need advance warning, or something to that effect, but I highly doubt McDonalds would have that in their default contract, and I highly doubt OP made revisions to the employment contract.
1	very mixed feelings about this. i think they should go for mid game/late game to decide the outcome. because it really isnt fair for the entire game to be decided by the first 2 minutes. im not sure this example is going to get fixed, but i was playing jax vs khazix top yesterday. i havent played against kha in a long time, i was worried that he would have his jungler gank for him to snowball him so i went to trinket halfway through the wave and missed 1 minion. i get back to lane and he hits 2 and rushes me. as a level 1 jax i literally couldnt do anything, i didnt want him to get an isolation q on me for harass so i stayed inside my minion wave but i realized he was going for the kill, he q'd me in the minion wave, and i just had to run. he leaped at me and got an isolation q and ignite for level 2 fb. just a small mistake. i didnt burn flash for it because i accepted my fate.   i get back to lane and dont actually miss any cs, but his jungler comes this time and now i lose 2 waves. game goes to level 5 and he freezes the wave at his tower while he turns 6 and im 5. now i cant even get remotely close because he just spiked in power and i cant even put up a fight withut my ult. he turns level EIGHT and im 5 and i finally see if i can just get SOME experience and he kills me obviously. i get back to lane and hes 3/0 level 10 and im level 5. my jungler didnt even come because he thought it was useless   funny we ended up winning because i was in my plat 3 promos and my team was amazing and really positive. but
1	Well firstly would like to point out that before EG it was known as CLG.EU, which means they would be acquainted with their sister team CLG NA. Secondly, both CLG teams used to operate similarly which was to farm farm farm, give up on dragon and objectives if its risky, go for lategame. Both Froggen and Doublelift were the major "Carries" and their team played a more supportive role that revolved around the "Carries". I'm not discrediting Bigfaltlp in the mid, and Wickd Top+Yellowpete carrying potential, but Froggen and Doublelift were the HARD carries for both teams
1	Exactly, and personally I think the line-up is good and fits each player.   For top: Dyrus proved his a top tier. He may not have won every lane, but he kept being a threat even when he got behind. Really consistent, we all know this.   Jungle: Saint is still among the best in NA, and the fact that he's a shot caller is kinda necessary unless someone like Regi got mid.   Mid: Regi og maaaybe someone like ManCloud could have done well, but when Scarra shines.. He really shines..   Support: Xpecial is versatile, among the best as well, has most support experience and is probably the guy who didn't get picked almost only because of popularity.   Finally ADC: No, Double have not had a chance to carry.. And most adc's seem to be somewhat highly skilled in NA.. But I still believe Double is the best choice by far. Also, I'd personally don't think Double fits with CLG and their playstyle, so I really expect and hope to see him shine on the all-star team.
0	I don't think it's safe say that at all, what are we progressing to? Is it better than where we are coming from? or just different? Currently we have a fascination with making all of our images "HD" yet two hundred years ago the Daguerreotype's we were taking could be blown up 100X with out loosing any resolution. Resolution did become a problem until we invented and were only now getting back to the type of photo quality they had then. That's kind of a weird example but it's just one. It took us till the 1400's to get back to wear the Ancient Roman empire was with mathematics before it fell.   I think we associate our comfort level with progression, when something moves into our own personal comfort level we say "Finally the world has caught up to me." when another person with another threshold of comfort is going to say "what is the world coming to?!" OR "When is the world going to get a move on and make it into MY comfort level."
0	During my freshman year the foreign language teachers got into a prank war. At first everyone was separate, but quickly two sides formed, French and German (didn't see that one coming, huh?) versus the Latin and Spanish. Anyways, Magister Amocasa (this is fake Latin for "love shack" a play on my teacher's real name "lovette") decided to raise the stakes, he shared a storage room with the French teacher who had left the keys to her very expensive car in plain sight. He parked it about a mile up the road before walking back and replacing the keys. Needless to say, the Latins won the war.
1	The one thing I will say, if you do this, is if your opponent retaliates, verbally, consider  not  reporting them. Probably will get downvoted for this opinion, but here's why:   I love getting under people's skin playing league. Especially if they talked trash first. Never a comment on their race, gender, sexual preference etc etc, but I'll say things like:     Weird, I usually only buy skins for champs I'm good at.   Don't sweat it too much, dude. I'm probably just better than you.   I'd probably be playing just as bad as you are if I didn't have the grasp of the basic understanding of the game either.     Generally though, I keep my mouth shut. The only time I really talk to the enemy is to say gg, compliment an opponent, say "good fight" or similar.   The other night, I was in a bad mood, for a lot of reasons. I tanked about 7 ranked games going from my hard earned 1350 (haters gonna hate) down to about 1280. I was mad so I went to play dominion. Every game I started in pre-chat I said "first sign of raging i'll mute and report". Didn't matter what my team responded with. I didn't say anything else to them.   Anyways, I'm Trynd bot vs skarner. We fight. My finger slips and I blow Q instead of W. Skarner lives with 6hp. Immediately starts talking trash. I respond with "it was close". Keeps talking trash. We fight again. He hit six before I did, and I die. This time he only had about 40-50hp. Keeps talking shit.   For whatever reason, my normally level-headed self just exploded. I said a lot of mean things.  Real mean things . I told someone else on my team to go bot. I hunted him down throughout the entire map, killing anyone in my way. I wrecked him. Hard. Every kill I trash talked and rubbed in his face. Most notably I made fun of his language barrier (not proud).   Anyways, we won. Talked some more trash in post-chat, and then turned off league for the night, realizing I had totally lost my cool. I log on the next day to see I got a friend request from him (not realizing who it was). He immediately starts trash talking me, dissing me on my "champion only 1350, mine is 6300" (I dunno either).   Instead of fighting back, or blocking or whatever. I decided to apologize. I explained the night before and how he was unwinningly the last straw for me. I said how embarrassed I was of my behavior. He accepted the apology, said sorry himself, and we both moved on with our lives.
1	I tried Diana myself. With the new masteries you can go 9/21 on her taking 4% attack speed, with runes that becomes 19% and her passive makes it 39% attack sped bonus at level 1. She cleared to lvl 4 in 3:20
1	Actually the only thing you should know when playing League is: humans are assholes. It might sound hard but we all know this feeling. You gonna meet some of the most insulting people you´ve seen in your enitre life. Even thought there are many awesome people in the community which make this game so much fun and might cause a addiciton :P
1	I think the big issue is that the ads are in a huge block, say there are 5 segments of show(the game, the chobra intro, expert desk etc) instead of showing ten minutes of ads in one block they could have shown 2 minutes of ads after every section, therefore from a marketing perspective people are more inclined to watch the ads, if you look at the amount of viewers during games to when the ads show there is at least a 25% drop in viewers, so shorter ads more often would mean viewers are less likely to go offline.
1	no. i answered to you
0	Actually, recently I had the option to choose a graduation gift. So obviously my mind went straight to a new laptop. Yet I realized what was in my parents' price range really didn't suit my wants. Also, since I'm going to college soon, and its about an hour-hour and a half transit to and from the city, I wanted something portable.   NO lie, I'm not much for Apple products, but the iPad 3 is legitimately amazing. As you said, it's faster than a netbook. In fact, its alot faster, and you can multitask without risking blowing up the thing.   The battery life is about 2-3 times longer, so about 10-12 hours, which is good for me for class because I have long days sometimes.   If a keyboard is a problem, do what I did and buy the folding keyboard case. Those things are seriously worth the money.   And as I said, its much easier carrying a 1.5 lb object, over your shoulder, on a rocky train, than a 10 pound object.   Also the display is REALLY pretty.
1	OK I have done the math.   15,3 % of champions are ADCs   20,9 % of the skins belong to the ADCs   And of course the promised [pie chart](   EDIT: it says number on the pie chart, but it is percentage
0	My father-in-law received a letter from a man who saw him pull into a handicapped spot and walk inside a Sears.  The guy berated him for being able-bodied enough to walk without any assistance, and juking the system.  I asked him to call the police or DMV and find out who looked up his mailing address through his license plate, so I could personally go to this jerk's house and explain to him that, during a prior heart bypass surgery, they took vessels from his legs, and now he experiences pain if he has to walk long distances.
0	Lol my name is Timmy and so is my dads..... And he lives less than two miles from my house, haven't seen him in ages. He did all me recently tho which I was excited about until I heard the context. .... He is involved in a new sales business. He needed one more sale pitch credit to get a bonus. Wanted to know if he could use my wife and I to pitch to. Told him to kiss my ass and hung up. Don't even feel like explaining my rage anymore. Hopefully soon my wife will give me my own baby and I will get to show him what a real father is.
0	When i was younger my "Bio" dad beat me with the buckle end of a belt, stubbed cigarettes on me. Forced me to eat my eggs even tho it made me gag. I used to scream bloody murder when being sent to his for the weekend and when i came back i was a nasty evil piece of shit my mum used to tell me.   Anyway after all this for 3 years he kicked in my mums door and strangled her on the stairs over a divorce case. I spent a few minutes hitting over the head with a plastic golf club then tried to figure out how to light a lighter to set his hair on fire.   After punching him in the head with the lighter he shoved me out of the hallway in to the front room and he left. My mum locked herself away in the kitchen while i had to fend for myself until my grandparents turned up.   Anyway after my mum met my "REAL" dad (Stepdad) because of my first 3 years i was an unruly little shit and i was pinned to the bed at night to sleep, spanked, etc... it taught me hitting was fine (Mental image hitting women was fine) skip on a few years.....   I was 13/14 when i had a friend stop over. When my mum woke us up for school i took a swing half asleep to get her to stop waking me up at which point my friend jumped on top of me and hit me square in the face as hard as he could and told me its NEVER ok to hit a women.   At that point i realised it was wrong. And my behaviour started to change. I became a nice person, took responsibility, treated others with respect etc....   Anyway long story short i feel that spanking works but not if its just a spank and shouted at. You have to spank and explain WHY they have been spanked. I now have my own kids and my son is a bit of a menace and i have spanked him a couple of times but only for severe things he has done wrong. He has since NEVER done them again.
0	I guess my point wasn't to make a guide; I was just throwing out some thoughts. But I'll elaborate in a more guide-like manner. I'll continue from here:   >  It's okay to walk up to someone with a smile, hold out your hand and introduce yourself.   Where are you? What do you have in common and what about that do you not have in common? If you are students, you have that in common. But what are you each studying?   If you are at a concert, introduce yourself with a smile. Ask if she's excited for the show. Make conversation about that.   If you're at a bar or a club, introduce yourself with a smile and ask how her night is going so far. If it's bad and she wants to vent, it's off to a weird start for you, but listen sympathetically if you haven't already lost interest. If it's bad and she doesn't want to really talk about it, offer to buy her a drink (in front of her, so that she doesn't think you roofied it). You probably won't approach someone who looks furious or miserable though, so on to if she is having a good night. She'll probably ask how your night is going. Answer and move on to, for example, if she goes there often and/or if she lives around there. Conversation at this point usually just flows.   Another way to make conversation at clubs/lounges/bars (in areas that aren't so loud that nobody can hear each other): You're probably there with your friends. You're having a conversation about something and there's a cute girl in a group next to you, and you've been wise enough to observe for a bit to make sure she doesn't have a 7-foot, 250 lb. boyfriend who could pulverize you with his thumb. A restaurant, a city, a hookah bar is what is being discussed. Whatever. This sounds especially natural if you are emphatic about how great something is and if she can overhear your conversation. You turn to her and ask her if she has been there or done that and what she thinks. Just make her a part of the conversation you're having. In my experience, I have found that groups merge more naturally in lounge type settings than in bars, but YMMV.   If you're approaching someone in a park, just talk about how beautiful of a day it is or a cute animal that you saw. I'm not sure how many redditors approach people in parks, so I'll leave it at that.   While making conversation with her, it might help to talk about places and things to do in the area. That way, you can segue in a least awkward manner into asking if she would like to check it out with you and you won't be in a weird situation where you're talking about fried eggplants one second and then asking her to be your date to your brother's wedding the next.
0	Funny how people are offended by it...since it applies to men as well. In fact I'm not exactly sure WHY anyone is offended by it but that's reddit for ya, some people's jimmys get rustled way too easily.  In my defense a simple look at the plot lines of a LOT of "Woman oriented/targeted" movies or shows contain the plot element of at least 2 men vying for the attention of the protagonist.  Obviously this plot line is popular for a reason.  Generalizations are just that: GENERALIZATIONS, ergo by nature they obviously don't apply to everyone but surely attributing a commonly seen (and common sense) aspect to a particular sex is not inherently sexist, it is merely an observation about that sex.   People need to look at what's being said instead of knee-jerk "That's sexist cause you're a guy saying somethin about women that doesn't apply to all of them!"  What guy doesn't love the idea of driving a Ferrari?  What guy doesn't want to date a swimsuit model?  What guy wouldn't want to sleep with 2 women at the same time? These are generalizations that don't apply to all men, yet I doubt any men on here would be offended by these comments, even if they don't actually apply to them. Don't confuse the observance of a common trait as being judgement or derision.
0	You know, usually I would agree with this remark (I've worked multiple jobs in the food service industry), but I thought a lot about this "controversy" today.   I've been a line cook, made pizzas, and worked in fast food.   I'm usually a positive person with contentment as my baseline state of existence. Most people in these jobs are negative in the most dramatic sense of the word. They hate EVERYTHING. Work isn't so bad if you don't complain about it every 5 minutes. These people apparently never got that memo.   And Christ were the majority of them dumb. I wouldn't usually hold that against a person, but they were so... brazen about it. Flippant in their intellectual vacuity. It started to grate on me over the years at those various establishments.   I always used to just feel drained form even working near those kinds of people. I hung out with the servers as much as I could to get away from the cook staff.   It took some perspective after I left my last job as a cook to really realize why I was so unhappy while I was a cook. I have no problem whatsoever with the labor. I can just put my head down, take care of business, and joke around with the people who are receptive to it.   My point: I wouldn't really mind staying an extra 45 minutes if I was surrounded by positive people. More money for me. But I always just wanted to get far away from those miserable pricks ASAP.
1	Did you see how low she escaped after all this? After the engage, Ahri in her team was still alive and got hit from lucian's q+double auto and a lee double q which he later didnt have to jump into vayne so if Ahri wasn't alive even for absorbing those skills and doing nothing vayne wouldn't even get a triple.
0	As a student studying to be a teacher I get disheartened by comments like these.   Threads like this end up showcasing the worst that those in the teaching profession have done. There are many stories out there where teachers have inspired students to go beyond what they thought was possible. Threads like this do not show them.   Without the teachers I have had in the past it is very likely I would not be in college right now.   While it is great that you have the ability to homeschool your children not everyone can afford to do so for their children. I do not wish to speak ill of homeschooling I have had many people in my college classes that were more than capable people -- honestly they were probably more disciplined than me in my studies -- and were some of the most pleasant to be around.
1	That changed tone rather quickly.   Gold 1 support main here.   I get praised when I get my ADC fed, when I have objectives warded at relevant times, and when I save my teammates from an otherwise assured death. I also praise my ADC for his excellent skill with his champion that ALSO got him fed, my teammates when they are quick to capitalize on an advantage (e.g. Dead Jungler/Laner) by taking an objective, and my team for functioning well with each other in teamfights.   You most likely wrote this because you got yelled at by your team for not giving some bronze support main asshole the reach around you didn't think he deserved. What you need to realize is that Bronze Support mains aren't assholes, Assholes sometimes main support in League of Legends. You should also understand how incredibly ignorant you sound when you blanket insult an entire group of players. I am a fucking GOOD support and I know this. But you don't. So, before making a statement like "All support mains are entitled pricks" (A good
0	I had a similar situation. I was transferring a patient from a wheel chair to his car. He had his leg amputated and was finally able to go home. We deal with people who have trouble standing all the time, so it want a big deal. The secret is to get the wheel chair even with the seat so they can slide right over.  To make it easier you can remove the foot rest. Well  I lean over to take it off and tell my coworker helping me " we have to remove the leg". I immediately regretted that and did my best to pretend it didn't happen. Which is difficult when everyone head slowly turns to you all at once. Still feel bad to this day.
0	You are absolutely correct. r/spacedicks is good for people who like fapping to gore when /b/ doesn't have interesting going. That and people who just like to fap to gore and who just happen to be redditors.
1	The only thing wrong about Solo Queue is that it allows Duo Queues.   > Can't you already feel that something's not right?   What exactly is not right besides you being completely ambiguous?   > But in soloq everything is different. Let's be honest, one man cannot change the pace of the game.   Tell that to the Zed who can instantly kill an ADC/APC and gets out unscathed.  Tell that to the roaming Kassadin who wins lanes for their team without their team not even doing anything.  The only person who can't change the pace of the game is you because of your attitude and mindset.   >  Being good at the game barely changes anything, since the snowballing is pretty much nonexistant.   Have you seen the challenger players go from Bronze -> Challenger?  Do you think their games are based on RNG?  30 times in a row?   > There are other competitive games, like Hearthstone, Starcraft 2, Team Fortress 2. In the first two, you are responsible ONLY and ONLY for yourself.   So you're trying to compare single player games to team games?  Oh but you included TF2?   > Now, about TF2. It's a team game too. But there is no soloq there. There are pubs, which mean nothing.   No wait, you don't really want to include TF2 into the comparison.  You just wanted to seem like you were   > Last words:  imagine if there was no soloq.  There are ranked 5s. There are normals. Instead of ranked soloq, you can mark yourself as 'serious'.   I'm guessing you never played DOTA on the War3 engine.  They would create game lobbies where they put things in the title like GODLIKE ONLY NO NEWBS.  Guess who joined?  People who thought they were godlike but actually weren't.  Go ahead, make yourself as "serious" it doesn't make a difference because your actual skill level and what you think your skill level is not always in sync.
0	You see, you seem keen to stick to the only thing that you have any ground with. I've moved past my comment. I've acknowledged that my statement was over exaggerated and I've said my mea culpas. Obviously, you have nothing else to contribute to the topic because you seem adamant to stick to the  ONE  thing you got right. You also got something wrong, yet you don't see me blasting you across the internet and back because you made an exaggerated statement. I am no longer defending my statement that  most  Americans use firearms to defend their homes, yet you seem to think i am. However, in contrary to your statement,  most  Americans that own guns claim that their purpose is for crime prevention. It doesn't matter if you think that statistics are faulty or not, until you collect the data yourself, the statistics are what they are and that's what we're going by.
1	A few months ago: "Brand is SO good but his ult is too unreliable! But he would be so broken if his ult prioritized champions!" Still isn't played.   Now he needs a MS buff because he has no escapes? Anivia, Galio, Karthus, Ryze, Twisted Fate, and Zyra would like to have a word with you.
1	According to how evil this was from Thresh, he was possessed by Teemo.
0	How would you feel if you were married and wanted children, and then later found out your partner had her tubes tied?   When a man and a woman get married, they usually want to start a family together. Whether they want children or not should've been made clear to each other before they got married. If a couple haven't had that discussion, it's assumed that they both want children as that's the natural "order" of life. By having a vasectomy or tube ligation, the privilege and experience of parenthood is taken away/denied, usually permanently forever. That's unfair for the partner, particularly if it wasn't discussed (unless they're old and already have a child). The partner is misled into thinking he/she will have children one day, and is unknowingly stuck in a "fruitless" marriage. This guy secretly getting a vasectomy and his partner secretly ceasing birth control shows a lack of trust and communication. They're not compatible, and clearly don't have the same wants and goals in life. They're both selfish jerks, in my opinion. Edit: The guy is not so much a selfish jerk as they already have children, but he should've told her. One child is enough. So his wife is the selfish (perhaps cheating) greedy jerk.   I personally would love to have children, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to fit children in lifetime. I certainly want the ability to have children in the future if I'm ready. I hope to find a partner who feels the same way.
1	While most AP champs do not need tear, like Olmond has said, it completely depends on the hero. Its true that if you already have a rabadons, you need around 3k mana to make it worth not buying another. However the real point I think some people miss is that it gives you 1400 mana, and while late game your mana pool may be big enough to sustain you through a few fights, im probably not the only one that has found themselves lacking mana.
1	Ok, I might get downvoted for this, seeing as I posted earlier but it's so far down so it feels like it won't get noticed, apologies Aristite for using your comment to make it shown. But here it goes: First off, I have not played Jungle Shyvana s3 so I have nothing to add and/or complain about there, I will just have to take your word for it.   Secondly, I mildly disagree with you about the top lane weakness. After around 10 games (not a great number for empirical data, but bare with me please, I haven't played her since s2 until last week) against various champs, I have over 12 kills, less than 5 deaths and over 15 assists on a game average, haven't lost lane once. I do not intend to boast, just putting it out there for some data. Loads of times(not all) you can adapt to the lane by items, especially now with the new items, and don't hesitate to ask for an early gank if you feel that the enemy champion will counter you.   >W pushes the lane SUPER hard   3 things to take into account:     Wards wards wards. I cannot emphasize this enough, wards saves lives.   Whole point of W is just that, pushing. By putting pressure on their top laner, he must either sacrifice turret or ask for help (a lot like Singed's purpose). Once enemy toplaner get enough sustain, the lane will just become a  null state  which makes your worry fade.  *By pushing it up to their turret, you're free to either steal some jungle or gank mid by going through their jungle. By doing this enough times you're forcing them to either ward both tribush and river (if you're blue side), or they will be forced to act by going to golem (if you're purple side). That's not a lot I know, but every ward costs gold (unless jungler with Sightstone puts ward for the top laner). Just make sure you have escape options ready (such as Dragonform, 100 seconds ain't that long cd, especially when you can reduce it by fighting).     >No sustain, terrible ranged poke   Although this is true, hitting the E is a lot like Lee's Q, maybe not have smartcast toggled? (assuming you have it on) Anyway, she's a fighter, she's meant to be up their ass, fisting as much as possible with her Claw(too brute?). With her mixed set of damage she should be able to somewhat trade, if you can calculate when it is worth it or not, many people tend to ignore the fact that minions also hurt for quite much early stage. W can help with that as it also drops the minions around. But alas! You had a legit arguement for this as well!:   >and enemies can easily punish Shyvana by running away while W is on and then jumping on her as soon as it ends.   Simply put:  know your limits.  When it's around 2 seconds left of W, turn around from your "chase", you will be back behind your minions by this time so if they jump you, you should have some coverage by minions. If they run back everytime you run towards them and using W, they will lose gold from minions if you execute it well i.e. when they're going to your minions to get the cs, which either forces them to take a few blows or they fall back and lose the cs.   >Allow Shyvana's E to hit every unit in a straight line/a cone in  dragon form   Gonna assume you meant Human Form, as the dragon form already does it in a cone, which is the purpose of dragon form; to enhance the spell making it much more worth than being in human form.   Your third point about the impenetrable armor, I like it a lot.   How I start most of the times with her (toplane):  Masteries: 21/9/0 Runes: ArP reds, Armor yellows, mr/level blues, lifesteal quints. Items: x2 Rejuvenation beads, 1 pot, 1 ward (CANNOT afford to die early game with her, unless enemy laner does too). Items in general per game: Ravenous hydra(I actually rush this because it fits my playstyle to push then roam), boots varies depending on enemy team, Black Cleaver, Maw of malmortius/Wit's End, Trinity Force/Frozen mallet, Zephyr/Last Whisper/GA.  Note:  Yes, I do realize that I lack attack speed, I just value raw damage before quick hits, that way it doesn't matter if you can't catch up to people all the time in the chases, as long as you dish out more damage at once.   Item order:  x2 Rejuvenation beads -> Vamp scepter -> level 1 boots -> Ravenous Hydra/level 2 boots, depending on what you face top, sometimes you need that ninja tabi -> Boots lvl 2 or Hydra, depending what you built before -> hexdrinker if you lane vs magic, brutalizer if you're against another bruiser -> Hexdrinker/brutalizer -> Black Cleaver -> Phage -> Maw of Malmortius/sell Hexdrinker buy Wit's End -> Last Whisper/Zephyr/GA -> Trinity Force/Frozen Mallet.   Youmuu's Ghostblade can be bought instead of Black Cleaver, I just prefer the extra health but definitely Ghostblade is a valid item, seeing its activation provides attack speed and its passive gives +10 more ArP than BC. 20 less damage though, personal preference what to pick in my opinion.
1	There's no Link between them... sorry
1	Yeah, when I started playing my friends recommended fiddlesticks as an "easy champ to learn" (he was free that week) I only played fiddle, and never an other champion untill about level 25... Looking back to that time, I really want to play him again but he doesn't fit anywhere anymore so that makes me really sad :\   >
0	When I take my shoes off I feel too relaxed and nothing gets done around here (currently working from home) so it's essentially the same reason I don't spend the day in pyjamas.
1	I don't think they do proc lich bane.   as far as the other question, that depends on whether plant damage benefits from your Mpen. If no, then abbysal scepter is going to be a superior option because it will be the only thing you can do to give plants effective mpen.   if they DO benefit from your mpen, then void staff is still only going to be superior when the enemy team is rocking high magic resist. The magic number for void staff here is going to be 58 magic resist, because that is the point where void staff starts penetrating MORE than abyssal.   But that isnt the number you should be looking for before you buy it.   Due to game mechanics magic penetration works in the following order     Flat magic reduction (Abyssal Sceptre, Morgana Puddle, Raka stars)     Percentage magic reduction (Trundle Ultimate for example)     Percentage magic penetration (Void Staff)     Flat magic penetration (Sorc boots, Liandry's, Runes)       With masteries, your %mpen comes out to about 40.2% (%Mpen stacks multiplicatively), and with runes, your flat mpen will be about 40.   So the number you want to see to reduce the enemy's Mres to zero is 67.   Of course, this is all dependent on how much ap your team has. Abyssal sceptre is nice because it reduces the mres for anyone who attacks the enemy team. The additional magic resist tacked on is nice as well.   That said, how much base damage are you giving up for this mpen?   You'd have 260 ap, that comes out to 213.9 damage per plant attack (also none of my calculations included liandrys burn or Sotel damage, so you'll be doing a bit more damage than that.)   But you'll be doing vastly more damage to low resistance targets, due to the nature of magic resist damage reduction. (Also liandrys will burn for more! yay!)   How much?   Assume we're at that magic point I mentioned earlier where you can cut their resistance to zero. at this point you are doing 213.9 true damage per hit, plus 4% of their max health as burn damage, plus 40 true damage from SotEL.   If you didnt have the mpen though, and went rabadons, you'd be up against 21.64 mres.   According to the wiki, the formula for damage reduction is   Damage multiplier = 100 / (100 + MR) if MR ≥ 0   so 100/121.64 = .82209   .82209 * 246.79 = 202.88   So about ten more damage against a squishy. but lets talk bruiser.   lets go with about 120 mres, as that seems to be a pretty common number on beefsticks and tanks.   With Void staff, you have reduced them to 31.76 mres. that comes to be 100/131.76 = 0.75896   213.9 * 0.75896 = 162.34 plant damage   versus   rabadons you'd reduce them to 70.4 Mres.   100/170.4 = 0.58685   246.79 * 0.58685 = 144.83 damage   Now that's effective. But again, Zhonyas can be worth it if you need the armor/active.
1	Well where to begin...   Lets start with this little nugget:   Ryze    [00:08:59]    ?   Ryze    [00:09:20]    wtf   Ryze    [00:09:22]    Nice   Ryze    [00:09:23]    gg   Janna    [00:09:28]    mlkia dn mporoume na tous fame..   Vi    [00:09:30]    if you even say 1 more word   Vi    [00:09:31]    i report you   Here you could have EASILY just ignored ryze... unless you were talking to Janna in which case I have no idea what she said, but the same thing applies. After this comment you constantly spoke of ignoring people and complaining in all chat about your team. This is as we say in the States a, "Big No No."   As for the other games, you basically did the same things. Constantly threatening reports, complaining about others, so on and so forth.   Sorry to burst your bubble, but you did indeed deserve all of these reports. Now I'm not saying I'm perfect, but more often than not the only words I type in a game are gj    insert champ name here    and gg at the end of the game. Other than that its pings when I come in and when people should care.   Sorry if this is terribly formatted, it's probably my longest post to date.
1	I think Riot know what they are doing   Proof : This whole AMAZING game   Let them create their game at the pace they want and stop doubting them.  They never disappointed me (so far) in almost two years and since i'm playing people complain about what they are doing and about how they are doing some things.   People want a new map so bad.  Dominion is not even 1 year old and most of people I know didn't played it in month, it's gonna be the same with MagmaC. (please refer to : the TT syndrome)   People want more balance.  In the forum you see people complaining on tweaks and adjustments in every Patch Notes.   And if Riot dares to do important change (new jungle, masteries, re-work) A huge part of the community's going to complain about how things were better back then !  If riot would listen to all those posts on this subreddit or on the forum, they would be clueless about what to do.
1	7/10 imo. Gnar's E is very mobile and has a juke element when used correctly. When in Mega form, Gnar can win a 1vs1 easily against Rengar. I recommended maxing W first then Q. (W>Q>R>E in order)   Small Gnar has a similar play style as an ADC [kiting] (3 W stack proc gives you bonus movement speed btw) , while Mega Gnar has a very similar play style as Rumble where you put yourself into a teamfight and lay all your AoE abilities on them.
0	Oh, I have a really great breast health specialist, she says that this kind of discharge can happen: it's non hematogenic (sp?) and my tests and ultrasound scans came back negative for cancer. Honestly, it started after I went on Apri birth control and appears to have abated now that I have gone off hormonal birth control.
1	I've been plaything this game a long time now (im in gold so I'm not fantastic, been playing since Season 3) and the honest answer is ranged champions can be a nightmare for both of the champions you described. Malphite and Aatrox are both strong top laners, and definitely fun to play with their all in kits and balls to the wall mentality.   There are two general schools of thought when playing a melee champion such as Aatrox or malph into a champion such as Jayce, Nidalee, or any other ranged champion. The first is a defensive approach, taking an item such as a cloth armor or dorans shield to nullify their harass as much as possible. With this setup you should take teleport as your summoner spell, to minimize the amount of time you lose in lane when they damage you down to low health; with teleport you minimize the amount of experience and gold you miss from going back to base to heal. Remember to teleport to your turret for the lower cooldown on the spell! When running a defensive setup, try to fight your opponent as little as possible, only pressing on them if you have an advantage such as they are within turret range or your jungler has come to gank. Besides these times, focus on getting EASY farm - losing a quarter or half you health just to farm one ranged minion is a terrible trade, try to accept that you will miss some minions/gold in lane, and wait until you get some items or support to fight your lane opponent. Also with this approach you might be able to beat your opponent once you have access to your ultimate - malphite's unstoppable force can allow him to wreck opponents (and i would recommend taking a defensive approach with him, BUT TAKE AT LEAST ONE MANA POT!!! those mana costs smh), especially if they are squishy, as well as setting up perfect ganks. So with this approach be careful, defensive, and patient and wreck them in teamfights!!!!   The other approach is an all in and riskier approach where you take early damage (such as a dorans blade or longsword) with the intention of all-inning your opponent, getting a kill, and using that advantage to dominate your lane. You will want ignite as your summoner spell to give you more damage when you decide to try and kill the enemy. Luckily for you, Aatrox is a champion that excels at this strategy!!! Play passively until you hit level 3, farming only the easy creeps and lulling your enemy into thinking they have dominance over you. But once you have access to your full rotation of spells auto attack minions twice if aatrox (then get your blood price ready - more damages) jump on their face, hit em with the slow and go to town on their face!!! dont forget to ignite!!! If successful and you get a kill, use the gold to buy even more damage and bully the hell out of them, going for a kill every time your ignite is up or they are low. You might even consider using your flash offensively to guarantee the kill (also aatrox's passive makes him perfect for this strategy - coming back to life after a successful all in is hilarious!)   One of the things that took me the longest to learn in this game is that not dying prettymuch = winning. Do your utmost to prevent your opponent from killing you, be patient waiting for good opportunities to trade, and remember EVERY champion in this game can win if played well, from Aatrox to Zilean. Keep on playing, keep on getting better and soon you'll be beating ass in no time. Hope this wasn't too long for you!!!
1	The balt tribes are indo-european. Estonians are not balts, although Estonia is classified a baltic state for geographic reasons. Lithuanians and Latvians are the only nations that come from balt tribes.   The balt history starts from [the corded ware culture]( These tribes came into the region and mixed with the local people. This way the baltic tribes were formed.   The Ural languages that are currently the most spoken are Estonian, Finnish and Hungarian. They are not related to Indo-European languages that are spoken in most of the remaining Europe.   The part that I mentioned about the same tribes is supposed to mean this: Suppose there exists tribe A. Half of this tribe splits off and moves to a different location. Together with the local people in the new place they form a new tribe B. Now, the remaining half reproduces and some time later moves out to yet another place that is near the previously moved guys, forming C. As C grows, they start taking over B's lands.   That last part waws from a tv show, and the historians in it spoke about this suggesting that there's a closer link between balts and slavs than between balts and other indo-european tribes.
0	At the high school I graduated from, it isn't even the students and parents who lash out about this.  They do, but louder protests can be heard from the tens of thousands of old folks (aka former students and current tax payers) living in our area.  I live in an area with more old people than young people, and for some reason those people would rather see their money go to a terrible sports program- my high school never won anything or placed anywhere in any sport except water polo- than an arts program where they'd actually be able to come to see shows and look at art.  Yes, you can argue that they'd be able to come see sports games as well, but how exciting is a high school field hockey game to a 90-year-old?  Obviously football games are great for them, but other than that, what's to love?  I really don't get why they make such a big stink about it.  By the way, they are also some of the biggest supporters of our musical and choir concerts.  It's really confusing.   In the years since I've graduated they've implemented "activity fees."  The fee is $100 to participate in an activity.  Sports players only have to pay one flat fee to be in any sport.  It's documented that most participants of things like the school musical or other arts activities only do that activity, while most sports players play more than one sport, so it doesn't seem fair that everyone has the same fee.  Alas, the sports don't need the money, so the sports players don't need to pay $100 per sport anyway.  They already have all the money they need from the school budget.  Musical and art participants also have to raise money through mandatory sales of advertisements.   By the way, our district recently built a new high school.  Most of the money was spent on sports stadiums.  Less than half was spent on actual classrooms and the core of the school.  The auditorium and art wing obviously were given pennies.  We were known for having an orchestra pit in our old high school- none in the new one, and the auditorium has fewer seats.  Our school district is ridiculous, but I know it isn't unique.
1	Ashe  is  however the only one who triggers these specific issues. From what I understand all of the other champs included just allow you to use a self-cast ability on other champs. The issue with Ashe is that it forces your champion to use a specific attack index. This index is the ult for some champs, and for Nasus it prevents him from using his Q active, since he's not performing a regular AA.
0	My dad was in the Navy for 30 years   You put the
1	Ok, so you are at blue as ashe, stand next to the golem. Now you Rclick away as if you wanted to run. Once the golem stops attacking and follows you shift+rclick slightly behind ashe aways from the golem.   Now the attack animation starts.   There is a windup, she pulls an arrow out of her back thingy(whatever that is called).   Then she shoots. projectle leaves the character model, damage is dealt.   Next up is the animation winddown. Does nothing, serves no purpose, you dont do anything, you just stand there. Unless you cancel the animation. Why wouldnt you. The projectile has left, your autoattack is on cooldown. How do you cancel? Just Rclick. Release shift and Rclick again to where you wanna go. Slightly behind your character away from the golem that's chasing you.   When your attack is off cooldown shift+Rclick again. This cooldown is as long as the winddown would have been if you didnt cancel it. Until this point you walked away from the golem, you gained distance. You took less damage. The faster your attack speed is the faster your AA is off CD and the faster you have to repeat clicking with alternating pressing and releasing shift.   If you have trouble with the positions of your fingers maybe try using crtl or alt instead of shift.   Holding down spacebar also helps consistently clicking behind your champs away from danger.   When you chase you also cancel the winddown with an attack command by simply Rclicking next to your target. To avaiod attacking minions however you simply click on your enemy. no shift needed.   You just move your mouse on top of your target and next to your target and Rclick every time. Alternate depending on your attackspeed to cancel the winddown again. This time it might not always attack immediately, since you lose ground while attacking and they simply run away without stopping.
1	I don't like this argument since it's known that in general EUW players are a lot more toxic than NA players (at least at the higher levels).  I know this from frequenting both NA and EUW streamers channels on twitch and when NA players decide to try out EUW they get flamed and trolled relentlessly, and in the case of NB3, would get reported CONSTANTLY just because he was from NA.  That's seriously fucked too, NB3 is one of the LEAST toxic people on the NA server and I have never heard of EUW players playing on NA so either NA players don't care/bring it up or they just don't do it.
0	One day I was walking down the hallway, and the class bully decides to push me a little bit. I had a bad day to begin with so I go and shove him with both hands into the wall. Teacher sees us and takes us to the principal. When we are in the office I'm freaking out because I don't want to get in trouble. The principal plays back the security tape footage, but only up to the part with the bully pushing me. We are both told to leave and the kid gets suspended. I get called back down about five minutes later and the principal says "I looked at a little bit more of the tape and saw this" referring to me pushing the kid back. He just smirks and says "Be a little bit more careful about where you fight back next time" since it all happened under a camera. That was a pretty good day.
0	A meta review WOULD be amazing - unfortunately, either the science isn't there yet or I can't find it.   You assume the science is going to get there. You should withhold action until proof is actually in.   > What if you had a conversation with your partner and explored each other's bodies, fantasies, and kinks together?   You can do that and still watch porn.   I do have access to pubmed with the University.   > "The significance of heavy pornography involvement for romantic partners: Research and clinical implications"   Ok, here is the method of this article :   > In this research we collected and studied 100 letters posted to four different internet message boards by spouses, fiances, and girlfriends of men perceived to be heavily involved in pornography. We then culled these letters for their recurrent, outstanding themes. The message boards selected for this research were ones frequented primarily by self-designated sexual and pornography “addicts.” Secondarily these sites were utilized by partners of these individuals who had discovered their partners’ behavior, were distraught over it, and were writing in to seek solutions and emotional support from others who shared their plight (see final note for listing of specific sites).   So it is pretty clear that this does not work in your argument. These are women who believe their SO is an addict and they see it as bad. The sample is taken from a website that women go to to get help, so they obviously have a research bias. This is a shit article for any scientific point.   > Brain Processing of Visual Sexual Stimuli in Healthy Men: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study   All this study basically says is that the brain sees the image differently when it is arousing. Here is part of the abstract :   >  Among activated regions in the S condition, parietal areas are known to be involved in attentional processes directed toward motivationally relevant stimuli, while frontal premotor areas have been implicated in motor preparation and motor imagery. Further work is needed to identify those specific features of the neural responses that distinguish sexual desire from other emotional and motivational states.   > Activation of Mirror-Neuron System by Erotic Video Clips Predicts Degree of Induced Erection: An fMRI Study:   Again, the whole point of the study was to show watch lights up when you watch sexually arousing pictures :   > When presented with sexual video clips, eight out of ten healthy subjects had an erectile response demonstrated through volumetric penile plethysmography.   So basically you said : "Porn hijacks the biological process meant to bond people to each other and instead men begin to "need" the images on screen" before siting these 2 sources. These 2 sources only said yes, porn does cause sexual stimulus, it had nothing to do with hijacking or needing the image on screen. Clearly you have simply sited these without looking at them.   > To the next article : Pornography addiction: A neuroscience perspective   This is definitively not conclusive. It does show some interesting stuff (and is finally on topic) but many scientist disagree, and rightfully so. You can read it [here]( Both your article and mine needs more science!   Now to the non-science part : I DON'T CARE. News full of anecdotes does nothing, they are clearly ignoring cases where both partners are aware of the porn watching (my own anecdotal evidence), and nothing goes wrong! and then claim to be giving a good article. And the Your Brain on Porn website is full of TEDx talks and just non-science sources.   Conclusion : You say things, back it up with articles, but more often then not, these articles don't even mention what you claim they do. Please provide actual sources, read them (at least read the abstract further then finding the word porn) and I will read also. And please stop giving me non-science articles, because they are just a waste of time.   I am definitely ready to change my mind and follow the science. The science is clearly not shown. Please consider the same, you open and change your mind. Nothing wrong with that!
1	since I started akali my build has ALWAYS included a mejais.   she's one of the best heroes to snowball on, because she can beat quite a few people in lane, or at least farm well if she's not doing so hot. my build if i'm surely winning the lane and it's going to continue   boots 3xpot at start go back at 1350ish, buy mejais, ward, more pots go back to lane and play aggressive, continue to kill your lane every time you can, and go back with 650 or wait til 1850, and get Mobi boots + revolver, then roam to build stacks, finish the gunblade and then get a ga. the rest of your items are situation based, and if you're not doing too great you can build the gunblade before mejais, it'll help you become a threat in the mid game, even if you're a little behind.   Anyway, that was a really high attempt at me writing on wtf i do on akali. A lot of people hate on it but it got me to 1900+ last season...it can't be that bad, and I think it's perfect for carrying "elo hell games". Just my 2 cents.
0	come through with 20 small items.   The sign doesn't say "10 items or less or as many small items as you want."   Got a turkey, a bag of dog food, and two big cases of paper towels? Count them: 1, 2, 3, 4. You're good.   Got 5 cans of tuna, a bag of apples, a bag of carrots, 4 little candy bars, 2 packs of gum, a set of D batteries, a jar of olives, two instant soup packets–stop. The size of your items is irrelevant. Count ten bar codes.   Also, paying with a cheque or money order, using more than one coupon... Just stop it. It's an express lane, please follow the rule, not only by the letter, but in spirit as well.   And those of you schemers having your friend/spouse stand in line with extra items to be rung up together, we are not impressed by your cunning nor are we jealous of your shrewd circumvention of the rule. We are tired and hungry. This is a zero-sum game, and by underhandedly expediting your checkout, you are inconveniencing the newly formed league of enemies behind you in line, who are individually yet simultaneously conspiring to feed your hair into that little conveyor belt. Sorry, but that one really gets to me.
0	Let's be honest here it is a smart play by both of them. The show ONLY works if all three of them are there. At the end the day, the cars are less important than their banter. Without the third man, the show loses most of the things that makes it special. It is like WWE during the attitude Era, you watched it for the characters NOT the wrestling.
0	I went into a program at the hospital for this surgery.  I got so much support from the program itself, that I lost 29lbs and quit the program.   When anyone enters the program, the doctors have to make sure the patient's body is good to go for surgery and there won't be complications.  The doctors have to do alot of tests.  The hospital ended up finding out that my acid reflux had deteriorated some of my stomach lining and after discussions with the dietician, we theorized that the stomach irritation was causing me to eat more to make my stomach feel better.  So we upped my medication for the acid reflux and BAM no more random painful hunger aches.  No more headaches if I don't satiate the hunger aches (don't know how that works, but it stopped).  I was finally able to eat the portion sizes I wanted to (before I was intentionally eating more, because I knew if I didn't, I'd get hunger pains and headaches).   My dietician and I also discussed that sometimes "false" hunger pains can come from dehydration.  So I committed to drinking lots of water and trying water if I get a hunger pain in the middle time between meals and snacks.  I then discovere that there actually were times when I thought I was legitimately hungry, but water solved the problem.   The program also had me seeing a behaviourist who helped me realize that I was eating from stress.  I didn't realize it, but I was using junk food to soothe my emotions after having difficulty at work.  The behaviourist not only made me realize this, but helped me to plan ways to reduce that work stress (journalling, talking with the boss).  He also helped me to find alternative activities to do instead of eating when I had cravings.  I came up with a whole bunch of activities, so if I don't feel like doing one of them or one's not really doing it, I have lots of options.   All of these life changes were necessary in order to get the surgery and necessary after the surgery in order to keep the weight off forever.  So I had already admitted to myself that, surgery or not, these changes are staying.  Then I figured, if I'm losing weight like this and I'm doing this for the rest of my life, surgery or not, why get the surgery?  Why risk dumping and malnutrition?   Since I quit the program, the hospital is going to place me in another non-surgical program, since the support has been the main factor in my success.
1	So as you can see I have 10 losses on my match history, that isn't why  i'm done with this game. It is because of the people i get paired with who make those games so bad.   Let me start with the game that broke the camels back, the last lost on the list with olaf. Even before the game started it was obvious this wasn't going to go well but i had no clue just how bad it would be. Our team comp consisted of mundo, who wasn't jungling, AP TF, who everyone but me and my queue partner said was useless even though AP TF is good, Kayle, who said she was AD after it was too late to change champs, Ashe, my duo queue partner who almost always plays AD carry and does quite well, and me as olaf jungle, cause i wanted a tanky jungler who could still stomp people and mundo was taken. So mostly AD team ain't so bad right? Oh the game hasn't even started.   As the game begins kayle informs ashe that she will be taking as much cs as possible but instead of going bot she goes mid and stays there until the enemy jungle kills TF and TF is forced to go bot lane rather than duo mid. So TF rages all game blaming everything that he does wrong on his stolen lane. kayle who we assume is going to troll actually starts doing well. Ashe gets a kill while she was 2v1. I get some successful ganks off early game is going great. But the other team gets all of our first turrets before we get one of theirs. we start to team fight and since we have more kills we do well, but tf is almost never in the team fight and mundo and kayle rage at him for being useless all game and he keeps blaming everything on his stolen lane.  I should mention that even though I'm jungler no one is raging at me. So slowly but surely the lack of a useful fifth person starts to take a toll on our team fights. by the time the other team pushes into our base mundo kayle and TF are so busy raging that they dont help ashe defend against the massive amount of minions swarming our base. they continue to rage at base till we lose.
1	A lot" can be different from a person to another, so some clarification on those points would be nice.  On the same topic, aside from Replay and blatant lagging servers (not just EUW) the other markers are at best arguable with a small incline towards being truthful.     Toxicity  : While it can reach a ridiculous state lets not forget that people tend to exaggerate just to make their point more valid and will emphasize the bad memories. That coupled with the fact that it's the most popular MOBA, if not overall game, for free will result into a good amount of people being basically dicks.     Old Client  : Old client as in what? Game client, air client? Even the Adobe Air client is not  easily changeable without complications and a metric ton of bugs to sort out before it's up to the consumer standard, and we all know how the average player deals with bugs.     Points 3-5  : They have been addressed with answers from Riot, we just need the ETA on them fixes.     Moving down to his impressively long phrase of how a MOBA should be ordered by roles. Since when did these ideas of "supports should never have more meaningful plays than the other roles" or "there should only be 2 carries per team" became the golden rules of a MOBA? These basically translates into:   Well I like to play support but if my ADC is a complete tool I lost.   Well I like to jungle but I better make sure those to important roles snowball like crazy or else I lost.   Not to mention that the last part kinda backlashes into toxicity, being dependent on particular individuals means you are forced to be at their disposal regardless of how bad or insulting they are.
0	Errr.  I'm sorry, but no.  I swear to god that I'm going to bridge this communication gap if it's the last thing I do.  There are no subliminal messages in Adventure Time, that I know of.  And if there  are  subliminal messages, we wouldn't know, because they would be subliminal.   My whole point is that you can't see or detect subliminal messaging.  That's what makes it subliminal.  If you can see, hear, smell, feel, or taste the message being sent, it's overt messaging.   The only thing making you wrong is the fact that you're using the wrong words.  If you'd said "foreshadowing" from the get-go, instead of "subliminal messaging" I wouldn't have said a damn thing.
1	Friend of an IRL friend (we'll call him R) likes to make fun of everyone on his team, but turns into a big ol' baby if anyone dares to make fun of him. When someone makes fun of R, he disconnects from the skype call and proceeds to feed relentlessly until the other team makes fun of him in /all, at which point he quits. After one such game, he was so upset at my boyfriend for making fun of him (after he had been ragging on my boyfriend all game, and my boyfriend was returning the jibes), he ignored both my boyfriend and me and removed us from his friend list. Now it's awkward to play with my IRL friend because R still likes to play with him, but R won't play with both of us together, so my IRL friend doesn't play with me as much as he used to.
0	While I might agree with you in reference to a fairly strict adherence to English language construction, I must ultimately disagree.  LEGO is a brand, and is most definitely not a noun.  It's more correct to call it an adjective.  They are LEGO bricks, or parts.  Specific collections of bricks are called LEGO sets.   But this is the English language, which is fluid and changing all of the time.  We mold it to our usage as we see fit, and if enough people use the changes, it becomes part of our lexicon.  If you don't believe me, text your friends about the usage of "text" as a verb, and how awesome your Nikes are.   LEGO put a notice on their website a while back (which I believe is no longer there -- I leave it to the reader to verify) stating:   > Please always refer to our products as “LEGO bricks or toys” and not “LEGOS.” By doing so, you will be helping to protect and preserve a brand of which we are very proud, and that stands for quality the world over   Many of you may look at this as the deciding factor in this argument.  If you are writing a book on LEGO, or an article in a magazine, I would agree with you.  However, this is a company trying to protect its brand.  They have no jurisdiction over the use of the English language in everyday conversation.   "Legos" is used widely enough to be accepted by most people.  And because the entire purpose of language is to use words to convey a thought, as long as you picture LEGO^® Bricks in your head when I say "Legos," mission accomplished.   Besides... are you going to tell THAT kid the proper usage of the term LEGO?   Source: I'm a writer, plus Google.
1	Better against melee AD's. Because his Q is an AD debuff. But I won everytime against malphite or Diana too. But he is more like a counter ad.   I also won against Nida and Jayce but I believe a smart nida+jayce should win because of that kite-potential.
1	All of the recent splash art updates have looked freaking fantastic.   However, the way they've been done doesn't allow for a good icon of the champion's face.   ie. Lee Sin's doing a bad ass dragon rage kick, but because of the angle of our perspective it makes his head look small and insignificant, leading to an awkward looking icon.   Cass is a bit different, but it's mainly because you can't see all of her head features in the icon, so she ends up looking like Wukong.   Xerath's new one took some getting used to, because it's clearly not a good portrait of him. The splash art is him in his ulti form and we're looking up at him making him look powerful and intimidating. He looks like a total badass controlling unfathomable amounts of power with his hands arced to his sides and hands grasping energy. Then you crop all of that out, and you're left with what looks like a lantern of some kind.
1	dude, the feral flare is just a time bomb like any other champs (vayne, ryze, jinx, lucian, and lots more) you just have to deal with it by counter jungling the opposing jungler, warding, etc. plus this is a good way to bring out some unpopular champs back to the scene. Remember when you only had lee/elise/kha/vi ? they just increased the number of stacks needed (even if the tooltip on the buff still says 25) along with the numbers of junglers that could be played without having a great disadvantage (even if it creates a bigger advantage on the endgame).
1	Your math is off.   The calculation for damage reduction is 100/(100+(Resist*(1-%reduction))-Magic Pen-SpellPen)   So,   100 MR(with no reduction)=50% DR   100 MR(with 20 spell penetration)= 45% DR   200 MR(no spell pen)=66% DR   200 MR(20 spell pen)=64% DR   300 MR(no spell pen)=75% DR   300 MR(20 spell pen)=74% DR   You are correct in the assessment that DR is a logarithmic scale, but your work is incorrect and leads to an incorrect conclusion.   Here is my assessment on magic resist, flat magic resist reduction and % spell pen, and can be proven if absolutely needed. First, magic resist has a decaying effect, and thus results in a diminished gold value, which is negligible at low magic resist levels but significant at higher levels. This is not to say that stacking MR is always a bad idea, but against most people a healthy balance of MR and health is more effective than just MR.   For flat penetration, it is most effective at low levels of magic resist. Stacking flat penetration actually produces a greater effect as more is stacked but has an extremely low effectiveness at high levels of MR, to the point where stacking other stats may be more useful.   For % penetration, it is most effective at higher levels of magic resist. There is a mathematical point where this falls off(I didn't calculate where and have no estimation of what value it would occur at or if it is even possible to achieve that value of MR). For an general idea of how much flat penetration you would be getting at 40%, 50MR=20 spell pen, 100 MR=40 Spell Pen, 150 MR=60 Spell pen, 200 MR=80 Spell Pen
1	Depending on your ISP you do get a new IP every PPPoE session. This is actually standard practice in Europe apart from Cable DSL providers.   My locale IP has nothing to do with the Internet and neither my provider nor anyone on the Internet knows which IP those are. They do not need to know them.   Any European provider has to have a setup with which they can determine which client (Router/USER not PC) had which IP address at which point in time up to 90 days in the past IIRC.
1	Riot doesn't care about Dominion because there aren't enough players.   There aren't enough players because if Riot doesn't take the gamemode seriously, how can the players? there has been literally zero support for a long time, up until the map-specific balancing that is, which still did not accomplish much (Except for the Kassadin nerfs, this guy was literally the King of Dominion for a while, then again, people whined a LOT and Riot took their sweet time, as usual)   Anyway, if there is no support from the company itself that made the gamemode, there won't be any spotlight ->  people don't take the mode seriously -> very little new players (It's a vicious cycle...) which is a real shame because if people took the time to properly research the gamemode, they'd figure out that there is a LOT more to be had here than just the clusterfuck low elo shit you see at entry level (Which happens just as much in SR and TT, it's just less common in SR nowadays because of the plethora of streams and map-exposure available) and that there is definitely potential for E-Sports.   The main point here is that the Dominion community isn't asking for much, we just want a definite answer regarding the state and future of Dominion, being left in the dark for so long SUCKS.
0	That's not what happened at all. Detroit's government supported itself perfectly at its prime. The problem is that over half its population fled in the span of ~20 years due to the shrinking of the auto industry. Even the most efficient government couldn't maintain itself with that severe of a drop in tax revenue and business. Add to that abandoned properties, increased poverty and crime and a smaller pool of resources to deal with it and you have the problems that make Detroit, Detroit.
1	I'm at low ELO (1200ish) I struggled a lot thinking that I wanted to win so I play very few games...but now I'm starting to stop giving a fuck about my elo, and care more about improving, regardless of if i lose..I always try to think what I did wrong, and how to fix it.   I'm mostly playing top Irelia, and I've been doing well, even against champs that supposedly counter me (still relatively new to the game, dont know a bunch of stuff that i should probably know) and so, I've been trying to get in the mentality of ''win my lane, then carry your team'' which has worked a few times...but then some games I find that it is really hard....but I think I've found a problem.   I've been reading guides and advice on Irelia and how to improve at her...but for some reason I'm starting to think that I'm not very good at team fights, or that I'm doing the correct build orders....I get focused a lot on team fights, I try to focus their ADC if its not too out of range...or their ap carry, basically any squishy I can find to give my team a lead...but maybe I'm doing things wrong...   Any tips on what I should be building first? (I usually go warmogs into attackspeed/dmg then defense) and tips on how to teamfight better?   Thanks in advance!
0	was going to comment on chanting rhymes to change your hair color, eye color, get good luck etc. then i realized where i was at.... so what if she is a wiccan, pull out your magic wand and show her your patronus!
1	dude the community used to have a lot of people trying stuff then the community etablished a meta game based on all these experiment and fotm this meta is the most optimal and it offer plenty of different strat while staying inside the meta game.   People try everyday to break the meta and they fail cause the meta is strong and thats all there is to it.   your friend play solo top taric.. well INDEED HE PICKED A SUPPORT but he went top with him.   and w/e you can say taric isnt optimal top   it work he can win lane... But any support win a 1v1 lane tbh they give good gankign opportunity are hsrd to kill/gank and can farm pretty good... and even sometime can win 1v1   but the thing is that they do not scale with item /level aswell as other champion that are prefered top...   you fail to realize this game is 2 year old and the meta is the meta for a reason and your being the arrogant one claiming that we suck cause we stick to a meta we worked to establish by trying stuff   not ahvign all your timer down in lol is ok while not optimal its not as devastating as in starcraft where timing is 50% of everything you ened to know to be good even more...people in sc know theyre timing perfectly cause they need to. We do not need to know the timer of every single ward/creep/creepwave gold i shud have at x minute thus timing my b... it make you better to be able to time everythign while figthing someone else 100% of the time for creep or lane dominance...but tbh if your able to do that your pretty pro..   timer check shoudl eb separated among the team...and everybody shud know averager godl you shud have at x minute and creep wave timing other then that...
0	Berating people's style is so incredibly juvenile it stopped being funny in middle school. So juvenile, in fact, that it pisses me off to the extent that I feel the need to explain to you why like you're five. No one is wearing a hat to impress you because no one gives a damn what you think, and your continued mocking of it is strong evidence that you still believe the world revolves around you and/or your opinion, which equates to having a fragile ego or a very young mind.
1	Health is good but he needs constant gold, you can't all in with him until you get 1-2 items, making him a pretty poor choice in lane. His abilities do cost health which is his main drawback. A mundo who can't farm is paper. He's a much better support jungler with his Infected Cleaver slow ganks. If you could survive lane phase even just cutting even it'd be all right. You'd have a bit more gold than you would from the jungle, meaning you get your items faster.
0	I never said they weren't similar. (In fact, I think Canadian culture on the whole is at risk right now due to increased international influence and we're slowly become just another collection of American states; helmed by poor leadership and political apathy by the general public.) What I said was that IF you were living in ONE LOCATION within the borders of Canada, you'd be generalizing to say the whole country is "very very  very  similar" to the US.   Whether that was my inference or your implication is up to debate, however I don't think that it is relevant to the validity of my statement.   Regardless, I do believe that any two places within the US and/or Canada will possess varying differences of culture, and that variation would fluctuate on a case to case basis.
1	Usually it's caused by one team not wanting a 1v1 or 2v2 so they do the lane swap. By lane swapping, if both do not do it, a jungler will come to aid in the pushing. The other team notices it and does the same. It can also work if you have a noticeably faster tower pusher (ex. jinx), you can hope to catch your opponent off guard and get more towers than they do in the short push. Now that teams know it can happen, it's a lot more about noticing if the other team does a lane swap, and usually results in no net gain for either team (except bot lane has easier dragon access)
0	I was an entry level Tae Kwon Doe student but I had also been in quite a few streetfights previous & can honestly say I owned the all but 1 of the higher levelled belts because I was aggressive & used techniques that weren't taught
1	Don't forget that Riot operates in multiple countries, so you could have issues with lawsuits being filed in other countries.   If you're an attorney I think you're being a bit too conclusory with some of your assertions and, while I understand you're being tongue in cheek, statements like   >"if you don't think Grunge Nunu is a parody, well then you're a stick in the mud and should be working for some big trust looking for people to sue"   don't really support your assertion that Grunge Nunu is a parody and not a derivative work.   I agree with a lot of your arguments, but not because they are legally and factually absolute, but because I prefer lax copyright standards.   From what I can tell Riot doesn't have publicly filed court cases dealing with intellectual property, so even if the IP owner sued them (and I'd be willing to bet RP that they have been sued) they are most likely settling out of court. Some owners may be happy to settle for a specific amount, some might require licensing fees, and some may require royalties. It could be that we don't see some things which skirt the bounds of CR infringement is because of a simple cost-benefit analysis.
1	I'd look at the items Panth and Kha'zix are getting. They are both almost completely physical damage dealers who often get an early Brutalizer/LW. As Vayne/Janna, your typical build does not include armor. However, in a lane like this, you may want to get some armor to counter a physical all-in lane's armor pen. Otherwise they are likely gonna do true damage to you/Janna.
1	They don't balance out the hardware.   They add useless hardware.   They add useless "sick!" features.   They make the PC cost double what the hardware does.   Nothing special about their builds.   Here is an i7 (useless for most people) and 48 gigs of 2100 ram(kek)! ^^^and ^^^integrated ^^^graphics  But it has shiny lights!!!   This video starts slow, but a few minutes in, it portrays the problems with Alienware in a comedic way.
1	insert generic response to elo hell topic wardscarryselflearn1champetcetcetcetc
0	I wish I could upvote this more than once. I actually had someone who had gotten something for free as a promotion come in and try to return that item. I tried to tell her that since she wasn't charged for the item, I couldn't give her any money back for it. She got really mad and eventually the manager gave her a store credit for it.
1	related to this post which NEEDS to be said is one thing   Stop trying to rush the game and get a win as soon as possible,  so many times my team has an advantage gets an inhib . after inhib lets sit around in base for them to respawn and die. you have top lane pushing into a tier 2 turret , but no . you sit around in the enemy base and die . what a lot of people i play with don't understand that you have no reason to rush a finish . sure you COULD have ended it then but there's no guarantee of it , whereas instead of going for a nexus turret you could have taken dragon , baron , other turrets / inhibs.   people need to slow their play down as i see it lose so many games taking stupid risks.
1	Let's be honest. You either are polish or you know this language.   "Kurwa" while very common cannot be used so easily in most sentences.   "Fuck" is way easier to use.   If you are not polish  - start thinking "kurwa" means "My bad, I failed miserably" - mostly because it's like saying "fuck" after failing badly.   If somebody would like to insult you in polish... Well... "kurwa" wouldn't be the word.
0	Hero inflation is one of many such dilutions we're slapped in the face with these days. Another one is weather inflation. The other day I saw a weather guy on CNN standing in about an inch of snow and a little flurry around him saying, "and the snow just keeps coming down - it's absolutely nuts out here." I thought, shit, ten years ago this would be less than a nuisance and nobody would even notice - we called it winter.   But then I thought, well, maybe I shouldn't go with the negative "in  my  day..." I thought, maybe it's better that people aren't out sliding their cars into each other and busting their asses just to go to work. They can work online for a day. We're all just a little safer than we used to be. Good.   So, "in  my  day" you were drafted into the service and there was nothing particularly heroic about it. But you could become a  war   hero  by doing something valiant. Still, the public wasn't as big on war heroes in Viet Nam as in WWII for a host of reasons. Well, the good side of hero inflation, now as opposed to then, is that you don't  have  to go into the military, and getting your ass blown to shit in combat is no longer the norm in our society. I hope against hope (and against human nature) that this is a small sign of global progress towards civilization. Why not hope that, at least.
0	Ahh alcoholism. The act is for himself as he tries to fool your friends as well himself into thinking he's okay even though everyone knows it's not. I grew up with this joy,  and it actually made me avoid bringing people to the house for a long time. There's nothing you can do to change him. Just remember as you go through this that the only one who can influence your own feelings and your life is yourself. He's going to miss out on you growing up (assuming you're still living with him), and its going to hurt you, but you will come out of this shitshow a stronger, more mature person than those around you. Shit, I've got a whole life story's worth of advice and knowledge I could share with you about this kind of thing if you want to get into it. PM me if you want (that goes for anyone who's in the same boat).   But
0	Well, she was drunk and flipped shit because I lost her drink in a bar (she had enough anyway), I bought her a new one. It wasn't the drink she wanted, so I stood up to by her the right drink. In the process of standing up I accidentally spilled half of the drink on her dress - she retaliated by pouring the whole thing into my face.   That was the breaking point, I got to me feet and told her to fuck off, I am going home and I will not take any more shit from her. I left the club and she followed me, asking if I am breaking up (like there was any question about that oO) and grabbed me. After a short brawl (where I frequently warned her: "[Exname], I have to brake your grip if you won't let go!" and she complained afterwards that  I  hit her, although any aggression was on  her  behalf) I walked home alone, feeling miserable and pissed. At that point I thought everything was over but well... it just started. She showed up at my house, asking for her love-letters, she wanted them back. "Well, fuck you, here are your letters no gtfo."... a few minutes later she was knocking on my window so I half-opened it and asked what her goddamn problem is. Her response was: "Do you want to see how I burn them?" and I was like "wtf I do not care what you do." I went back to bed.   A few minutes later I saw the shine of fire right outside my window, I mean, like directly infront of my window. I could not accept this, the flames were high and threatened my blinds, so I got a fire-extinguisher, opened the window and extinguished the fire. At that point she was making a run for my window, clawing at me, so I pointed the nozzle at her and well... that was kind of fun. Really. I always wanted to douse somebody with a fire extinguisher, so there was my chance and I did not let that one pass.   The rest is history. We broke up, tried to stay friends despite the events, did not work out (because she is a stupid bitch), I deleted her and feel great now.
1	CLG needs more ''threats''.   When it comes to teamfighting, you gotta have some people that can actually be a threat to the enemy team. People that do dmg. People that are farmed and dangerous for the enemy or people that are so disruptive that they can't be ignored.     A high dmg output champion (akali, zed, xin, rumble etc) is a threat.     A fed champion (because you are a very good laner and you outplay your opponent or because your team is that good that reliefs pressure from your lane by wrecking the others or because your jungler is a god) is a threat too.       In other words: it is about the Pick itself, the ability of the player to get fed and last but not least your team's ability/organisation/strat.   When it comes to CLG, I observe the following problems:     TOP LANE: tanky/supportive champions that are usually used for initiation/disruption/peeling.  not a threat     MID LANE: rich champion pool but i just feel that none of them are truly mastered in order to be threats. In other words, Link usually doesn't lose his lane but he isn't the playmaker/ game changer type of player either.  kind of a threat     JUNGLE: When Chauster started jungling for CLG I could see a threat. But not anymore. I don't know what happened there.  was a threat, not anymore.     BOT LANE: (was) CLG's strongest lane. When Chauster and DL were bot, all the big teams were trembling. DL's talent + Chauster's deep knowledge of the game made this lane CLG's ONLY threat.   not as big of a threat as before but still a threat .       I can roughly count 1,5 threats for CLG atm. Now just think of the LoL monsters (TPA,WE,GG,Frost-Blaze,KTR etc) and count the threats..  Playing against them is not like: ''Ok guys, shut the AD player down and it is over''.   The meta has shifted. Supportive champions at Top/Jungle (even support!! eg Elise) are left behind and high dmg champions have taken their place. CLG needs to change their playstyle.( EG is doing it too btw...)   Woah! Sorry for the long post.   PS : I didn't even take into account the continuous roster changes.   PS2 : Did they need all those things to beat Vulcan? No, but they are pretty emotionally destroyed atm and if you don't play at your 100%, you will lose to everyone.
1	Do what this guy said.  Then go find a program that shuts off mouse acceleration in the registry.  There are several.   After that set your mouse sensitivity to the MIDDLE setting (in the game and in windows.)  This is the setting that does not extrapolate your movements mathematically (reducing accuracy).  If you have a mouse with adjustable DPI, use THAT to tune your mouse sensitivity.   When you've done THAT... increase your mouse polling rate.  Standard is 125 Hz.  Some software and mice can go as high as 500 Hz or even 1000 Hz.  This is an eight-times-faster response time, and it's HUGELY noticeable.   The last thing you can do is remove mouse correction if you have it.  Again, there is probably software for this to be done, but if it's buried in your firmware you may have to replace your mouse if you're going to go this far.   So, to recap: Enhancement/Acceleration off: causes all mouse movements (of the same displacement) to move the cursor the same distance, regardless of velocity.  Sensitivityx1.0/DPI adjustment: Causes all mouse movements to have a MEASURABLE 1-to-1 accuracy. Polling rate increase: causes those mouse movements to be registered up to eight times as fast. Mouse Correction off:  mouse correction is software that "corrects" close to straight line motions into straight lines.  It's common in many mice (even some gaming mice) and can help in some programs.  Turning this off allows for true movements to register.   I spent at least ten hours researching mice in the last few days as I've been looking to upgrade my mouse for months.  These are all the fixes that professionals recommend, and having them on my system has made a HUGE difference.  In the end, I was caught between choosing a Logitech G9x or a Razer Mamba 2012.  I went with the Mamba as I heard things about the G9x still having some acceleration.  Also, the Mamba is wireless (and maintains close to 1000 Hz polling).   It does, however, cost roughly twice as much and both are fine mice.   Happy Leaguing.  I'll see you in my mid lane.
0	Can I just, say as someone who currently works as a special needs educator, that this is literally the most popular opinion that exists? Maybe people won't say they feel this way but most people obviously do. I mean, there just is no funding. When education budgets get cut, special needs funding is the first to go because apparently everyone agrees with you.   There are a million points I could make about how wrong this is, but I'll just stick with the money theme: it ends up costing society a lot more to care for individuals with developmental disabilities specifically because the education budget is so gutted. If more people cared about providing a decent education to this population many students would acquire more effective life skills and better integrate themselves into society. Because this isn't often the case, a student may end up never learning to toilet themselves or tie their own shoes having to rely on multiple staff funded by the state for their entire lives.
1	pay more attention to minimap, even as jungler" I main jungle and i would say especially as jungle. I'd say i look on the minimap 50% of the time I am in jungle.  In jungle you don't need to worry about last hitting creeps or dodging skillshots etc. You should always be looking at the minimap seeing if team mates close to you need help from ganks or engages, planing on where to gank (checking enemy inventories if they placed wards yet seeing where they are pushed seeing if you can spot enemy jungler). I also keep an eye on the minimap so i can spot incoming ganks and ward my team mates who might not have noticed an enemy running past a ward.
0	Very good question - it also clicked for me quite nicely. I'm not sure why people struggle with it so much. It's a little bit more abstract than gen chem was. Though you really don't deal with numbers if you have done well in upper level math I think you'll do we'll in ochem. I felt that people struggled with approaching a problem and then applying principles in order to solve it as opposed to just using some formula they memorized? It's hard for me to express that thought well in writing.   I mean, it's a lot of information, sure. The course (mine did anyway, we had short semesters) tends to move quickly. But I really feel that if you approach the class with the goal of understanding the principles/concepts you'll do fine. You learn about a specific relation -  why/how it works the way it does  - then if you got the concept/principles you should be able to solve anything similar with different molecules in the future. Like calculus, you learn principles and the apply them to equations you've never seen before on the exam but because you know that math it's all no big deal. Same with ochem. You learn the chemistry and then where there is a foreign question on exam you just approach it with the principles and its a piece of cake. Same thing goes with calculus based physics, I suppose.   Oh, and it'll help if you are good at visualizing three dimensional objects in your head. You'll see :)
0	Car insurance is not in any way comparable to the phone insurance that companies try to sell to consumers.   With car insurance, you are paying to cover all the damage you could cause with your car, not just damage to the car (and cheap insurance doesn't even cover damage to your own car, just the liability insurance mandated by law) this insurance protects you from HUGE losses that may be financially ruining.   With electronics insurance, you're looking at the cost of replacing your device.  period.  For some people, the cost of replacing an iPad could be financially ruinous- but at worst they can get a cheap flip phone as replacement.   With electronics, it's all a numbers game; if you have 20 electronics devices, and one of them breaks in a way that is covered by that coverage in the period the coverage lasts, it will have cost you less to just pay to replace the device n the first place.   Most people don't break their electronics, phones included, and the more devices you have, the more expensive it becomes to keep them all covered.  Simply put, it's never worth paying for those plans because in your life time, you will end up owning enough devices (especially at a new phone every two years, and even ignoring laptops, PCs, tablets, cameras, and so on) that you lose money on covering them for damage.   a quick look online finds that AT&T offers insurance for around $7/mo, and that insurance plan has a deductible of $199 for iPhones from 4 up and all ipads, and Bestbuy can sell you a replacement iPhone 5 for $699   After a successful claim on a covered iPhone 5, you would get a replacement "certified like-new" phone from AT&T minus the deductible, which I assume they charge you. (normally insurance would pay you the value of the damages minus the deductible, but since this isn't insurance from an insurance company, you just get a new phone)   So, that's a $500 value (minus whatever you feel like because you are getting a certified like new phone, not a new phone)   That comes out to 75 months, or just under 6 years- so you lose money on the phone insurance if you don't break your phone and get it replaced at least once every 6 years (sooner, depending on how much you value a "certified like new" phone over an actual new one)
1	CLGs way of treating their top laners really does reflect in seraphs abyssmal stats   This is something that definitely needed more context outside of pure stats, and why you can't get the whole story from them. It's been mentioned by several sources that Seraph does extremely well in-lane when not being excessively camped and can go toe-to-toe against the best top laners in NA. To be fair though, there has been room for improvement there, and he's done a good job doing so the past couple weeks.   I've mentioned this elsewhere, but I think that it's mostly that camping top is the only offensive strategy with a likely return against CLG since they're somewhat infamous for being willing to sacrifice top in favor of advantages elsewhere. Link has been doing rather well this split as he rarely gets caught, and ganking Rush Hour tends to be a big gamble.
0	What makes a man[...]?   [Is it the power in his hands? Is it his quest for glory?](
1	I have to admit, I've seen a lot less raging in chat. It's mostly just people saying "fuck this jungler I quit" and going AFK, or they just say "/all GG" 5 minutes in and start running continuously into the enemy team feeding them kills for the rest of the game.   I actually preferred before when people would rage but still actually play the damn game, you could mute them and still go on to win. These types of "guaranteed loss trolls" always existed but they seem way more prevalent now, maybe because they can't get out their frustration through raging...idk. Or maybe it's because I let my account decay to silver and no one there cares about rewards.   Then there are the more creative trolls that do shit like purposefully feeding buffs to the enemy solo lanes, and pinging that they are ganking then right as you go all-in they stop and just watch while you die or blow flash trying to escape because you thought you had backup. Been seeing these a lot lately too. Usually some jackass that doesn't like the champ someone picks, and says "you are going to lose that champ sucks" and then proceeds to guarantee you lose your lane.   And the worst part is at a glance it looks like I'm the one that is feeding because I have crap CS and a lot of deaths, so unless Riot has some way to detect when this kind of stuff is going on They will probably never get banned. Even saying exactly what they are doing in chat doesn't work because they will just say "no i didn't you just suck" and the rest of the team don't see whats going on so they back him up etc... This exact scenario happened twice last night after I made this post.
1	Think of it like this, replace "playing LoL" with "playing football", are you, with the free time you have, going to have enough time and effort to make something of your football skills, no, you aren't. Try any other sport that requires time and effort, and balance that with a full time life, something will suffer one way or another. It's just how it is. So stop worrying about level 30, you don't have enough time to really put into ranked play anyway since you need time and effort to do even reasonably well (and that's if you have the skill to compete). Play to have fun, if you're not having fun, don't play. Level 30 isn't some magic milestone, I played 400+  normal queue  games before I bothered with Ranked, and you don't gain anything else at 30.
0	Detroit vs NYC vs Charlotte](   Detroit and a comparable city and the biggest US city. You can see Detroit comes out on the bottom of every category. However, Charlotte and NYC could be outliers.   [Detroit vs NYC vs Charlotte vs Pheonix vs Austin vs Chicago](   Wolfram gives less detailed data as you increase the sample size, but you can see that Detroit comes out on the bottom more often than not.
1	From the site:   >Hi, For the better part of my life I‘ve been a dreamer. I wanted to be an astronaut, then I wished to be a mad scientist, after that I settled with being a casual scientist. Now I am content being a student in a lab and hopefully, climbing up the ladder when years go by.   >It doesn‘t matter that I lost my ability to dream – I just did that while playing video-games. I used to play a lot of games until I stumbled upon League of Legends – it stole my heart instantly. And this is when I created my first and only account. I cared for it dearly – never had I been banned, always had I watched what I‘m typing even when situations seemed really miserable and telling someone to munch on a big bag of d looked like the only solution. I felt flattered with every „teamwork“ or „honourable opponent“ I got, because, well, I knew I was worth it. This wasn‘t and still isn‘t just a game for me – I grew up together with this account. I learned how to work through difficulties to reach victory: how to be patient with people, how to help out your teammates, because no matter how unskillful they might look – these are the people you need to communicate with in order to reach the goal. I learnt that sometimes it‘s much better to stay silent and sometimes you need to be brave enough to call the shots at difficult moments with all the responsibility that comes together with the power. I remember when I was in my first job interview and I was asked a question: do you think you are able to work in a team? I almost started laughing, because this question seemed so naive when I was picturing teamfights and me looking out for everyone, shifting focus according to the situation, saving your teammates, eliminating enemies, maybe sacrificing someone or even yourself. I think League of Legends really taught me this crucial skill.   >However, not everything I learnt was in Summoner‘s Rift. After finishing high school a lot of my friends chose to study abroad and this game helped us to maintain our friendships – we were sharing our old experiences and creating new ones with the help of LoL. I spent countless nights arguing over the tactics with my best friends, we would be having LoL parties or watching World Championships all together for hours. This account symbolizes my best years – when I was laughing to tears from the hilarious rants enemies wrote, from crazy Blitz‘s hooks, from failed flashes or from stolen Barons with Janna‘s hurricanes. Of course, sometimes, I was so furious about the mistakes that I did, about the firstbloods that could have been averted, about the Zhonyas, which I used to remember after the fights and maybe lie a little when asked about it „was on cd, sorry“.   >Sadly, it is time for me to get a little bit older, leave the little girl that I was in the past and become a responsible woman. I need to write my Master‘s, I need to take care of my grandma, both financially and socially, I need to learn how to get to sleep without hearing „Welcome to Summoner‘s Rift“ at least once.   >Hopefully, you will take care of this beloved account just as I did.   >With love, >Leona
0	This is absolutely necessary if you have a guitar with a floating tremolo aka a whammy bar (not the shitty kind). All the strings are pulling against one-another and if one string changes tension they all change. You have to tune the thing probably 10 times to get it perfect, then screw in the locking nuts which throws it out of tune ever so slightly, then use the bridge tuners to get it prefect again.
1	How was that trashtalking?   There has only been 3 "international" events since the formation of C9 as a team.   We all know that the one Worlds that happened since the formation of C9 had a format where they showed up and played 1 Bo3 and that was it and it was against Fnatic. During all stars, in group stages, C9 took matches off OMG and TPA. At IEM "Worlds" Season 8, C9 beat both TPA and WE in that shitty format of a Bo1.   Yet Monte decides to say his standard passive aggressive bullshit of "won't take your team seriously" (read: your team's shit) unless you perform at an international level. So basically his definition of "perform at an international level" is a completely arbitrary statement because he has no problems with Fnatic, OMG, Positive Energy, and Invictus Gaming in that same Top 10 list. Fnatic has about the same performance record internationally. Invictus Gaming has a worse record being that the one international event they went to, they didn't make it out of group stages. OMG has about the same performance record as C9. Positive Energy hasn't even been to an international event so of all the teams on there, by default, they have the worst international record being that they have none.   Yet of all the teams on the list, Monte singles out C9 as having failed to perform internationally and can't be taken seriously.
1	As a jungler, if the two laners kill eachother dont go there late and push the wave leaving 2 full waves to be given to the enemy laner to get a huge exp advantage on your solo laner.  You single handledly just lost your team a lane if you don't make it up with ganks from the two levels you took from your team. (especially if it's top)
1	Nidalee is a good pick when the opposing team don't have hard engages like Vi or Leona. If you pick someone like Lee or Elise or Thresh which rely on skillshot, you might have some trouble dealing with Nidalee, it's hard to say though because it's really dependent on comps.
1	Also, Dota 2 server are as often down.   > I once was a Dota1 enthusiast, however I stopped because I felt like the developer didnt care about their game, and patched every 5-6 months. Then we would get 2-3 hero changes, and sometimes a new hero. I got bored after a while.   Ok, stop. Go away. What a stupid thing to say.   You are saying Icefrog/Valve don't care? They care a hell of a lot. Hence why they put out amazing, well thought-out and balanced patches far apart from each other instead of small, bug-filled and half untested ones like Riot do.   DotA 2 patches take time because they like to get everything right the first time, instead of releasing half-baked shit to the public only to apply hotfixes every fortnight.   You know how many changes DotA heroes go through? Not much at all cos again, they like to get them right the first time. Look at Rengar. Riot have gutted that champion and changed him in like 4 patches. Instead of dedicating time and effort to it.   DotA 2 is down hardly ever. Literally, hardly ever.   You are attacking and bitching just as much as Kittz is, yet you call him out on it. Classy bro.   Get a grip, Kittz brings up some very good points, don't pick the couple you disagree with and call him out on it.
1	I had two friends mix up their champs in a 5s game, only it wasn't like normal where you forget to switch champs at the end. One wanted to play mid, one wanted to play top. They picked the champs, forgot they were going to switch, and even absent mindedly discussed runes and masteries, and what they should build on their (each other's) champ against the other team's picks.   Game starts...OH SHIT I WANTED TOP SWITCH SWITCH SWITCH.   Apparently you can't switch accounts with a friend after starting the game, Riot IP-blocks you from logging on to your account from a different computer once the game starts.
1	While this is a very interesting idea that I think has a lot of potential, I thought I would point out one flaw that needs some thought:   Implementing this vote would cause a lot of turmoil within a team that would move focus from the game itself to internal conflict within the team. I understand that this is a good idea when there is already internal conflict in a team, as it could remove the source of that conflict (a toxic player).  This vote could be the cause of conflicts between team members and toxic players could utilize it to initiate their "trolling" (starting this vote would have players messaging each other about why X player should be "silenced" or why Y player should not be "silenced).   Like I said, I like the idea, but I the issue described above is one that needs to be discussed. Maybe the "/silence X" should not bring up a proper voting ballet (like the surrender vote), but should just create an invisible tally. And when enough of these invisible tallies are reached for a certain player, they are silenced. This could be used to achieve the same results, while reducing the amount of conflict that a public vote might bring.
1	There is one problem with Team Builder...   Team Builder lets us choose a specific Champ and Role wich is great in my opinion. BUT if Riot wants to implement this in the Game permanently they need to change one thing. You should not be limited to one Champ. Just let us choose the Position. Because if you are only allowed to play one Champ you will get like the biggest derp Teamcomps. I think that Team builder is a really great oppurtunity.
0	This. My mother didn't let me have a job in high school because "school was my job". We're not poor by any means so I just went with it. She said if I did well in school, I would get scholarships that would cover the cost. Well, now I'm in college, my mother isn't really helping at all, I don't qualify for financial aid, there's nothing particularly noteworthy about me (I'm a white girl who is not good at sports or really anything) so I don't get much for scholarships, and the ones I do get for education are so small they're almost negligible. Sure $2,000 is nice, but when I'm going to a good university for 8+ years, it doesn't do much.
1	Same as every other get out of elo hell guide. Only way to get out of low elo is to not only win the lane but absolutely destroy your lane to the point where the enemy team is too busy fighting amongst themselves to actually play the game.
0	Yeah, I thought it was a lot of money, until it arrived in the mail and I started using it. Look—you figure you're gonna be trimming your nails every few weeks for the next 50 years or so, right? So you're looking at 1,300 trimmings or so. That calculates to you spending something like 10 cents a month if you buy this sucker. Meanwhile, it's so well designed, you're gonna feel like you died and went to heaven every two weeks when you trim your nails. And it's so damn well made that it probably WILL last 50 years.
1	Everyone is familiar with the Dunning-Kruger effect.   A lot of the time people complain because while they make mistakes, and even acknowledge it, there are games where the teammate(s) in question perform at a level significantly lower than that of which they are expected to.   Everyone makes mistakes, and most people know that. But there are lots of circumstances where you can, in fact, blame your team for a loss. Here's the thing, no one is perfect, and no one has "perfect games" there are literally always things you could do to have played it better. By that logic, we can say that the frequency of mistakes tends to lessen, but never go away, as you progress through the ranks. Now, with that in mind, who's to say that you may make mistakes, but not nearly to the same frequency as whomever you are playing with? When you play at a level that is higher, but albeit marginally, than those you are matched with, then your teammates can in fact hold you back.
0	Asian here. My family has known this other Asian family since they first emigrated to the states. Mom, pop, 3 sons. They were broke as fuck. Granted, we weren't even close to rich either but we gave them basic amenities like a little tv so they'd have something to watch. Fast forward a few decades- now they own a thriving restaurant, rent out a few houses, and I'm pretty sure they have a business back in Asia as well. Each son has gone to college, they all have hondas and BMWs and motorcycles. Mom isn't flashy- she's wears the same clothes, same hair as she's always had. They're hard working and down to earth, they always have been.   I guess it just depends on the people and how badly they want it.
1	I had someone get forced to play mid or jungle, he said he only knew how to play top and owned 'no mid champions', he ended playing mid vlad. He didn't dodge, no one did, this was a normals game, like he should be playing if he doesn't even play mid with any of his champions. When you get in ranked you end up with people that feel they can only carry from one role, don't have any desire to play another role, or they get tired of playing the same role over and over. If you're going to play ranked you should be try-harding a victory, if you really don't want to win then you should play normals with your buds and practice random shit and get better, then play ranked and try hard there. Lots of players don't play ranked, myself included, because of how many people troll like this. They really need to add a stronger incentive to do well and play your best in ranked. Watching rainman's stream right now and he's laughing at how retarded his team mate is, that kind of player  (the retarded guy) shouldn't be where he is and it makes me wonder why anyone would want to achieve something like getting an arbitrary number to end up with the same old trolls and dumbasses that don't know how to play.
1	He's a really strong laner. At lvl6 you can kill anyone in a single combo every time your ult is up.   He has among the highest (if not  the  highest) AP ratios in the game. Late game he can still nuke anyone squishy or not due to his W.   However he has a harder time (not neccessarily worse though) late game than many other AP carries.   His main problem (and this is a big problem) is that his only hard CC is really situational. He needs his ult to nuke someone but that also puts himself at a tremendous risk due to rooting himself. Plus, as you probably know, A Qicksilver Sash cleanses both his Q, E, and R, all of which are detrimental to be able to put out DPS.   That said he can still do very well before iniating by poking with Q and E if you gan get in range. A well placed Q can be just as good of an initiation as a Malphite ult or a Tibbers drop. Though if he can catch someone out of position then they're dead, simple as that.
0	I was in second grade doing math problems on the big table at the back of class. Friend says my number 4 looks like a swastika. IDK what that is - I'm 7 - and it was never brought up before in my life. He acts outraged (or as much as a 2nd grader can) and attracts others. He starts to draw it on my math work. Then another kids pipes up, "you're drawing it the wrong way". (At this point I should mention both classmates are Jewish and probably learned about Nazis, the Holocaust, etc. very early on in their lives. ) So he starts drawing one on my math paper. The two sort of argue and keep drawing it while also sort of explaining what it is to me, but it's still unclear. They each drew at least 8 or so versions of the swastika - some right some wrong. Eventually they both stop and then the original kid remarks "You know what, you're four doesn't really look like a swastika, my mistake." They both stop and leave, as well as they crowd who watched, and I finish my math work and turn it in - with about 16 or swastikas drawn on my paper! The next day my parents were called in to meet with my teacher and the principal. And BTW, this was in a 75% Jewish community.
0	I'm a lifeguard, too, and my first save was a black woman and her toddler. She didn't know how to swim and was carrying her son around and somehow wandered into the deep end and started yelling for help while trying to keep her son (who was oblivious to the entire situation) above water. After she's rescued she was hysterical and was just saying over and over "we ain't neva comin' back, baby" to her son (still oblivious), which was sad. She didn't ever come back and her child lost an opportunity to get comfortable with being in the water because of his mother's own mistake. Not to mention that she WAS rescued quickly as an active drowning victim, no rescue breaths/CPR needed.
0	my first and most recent ex ended it ON our 1 year anniversary, was first everything, no luck since, took almost a year after the break-up to delete, i know it sounds long, still kinda think about it even though its been over a year, but she was my first, also amplified things because my father which i last saw when i was 10 (now 19, today) died 2 days after i got with her, so it was hard, been trying to keep my head up since, whatevs, life goes on. also kinda worried because she called me last year on my bday after the break up, led to false hope and expectations and even more heartbreak. worried that she might call/ might be depressed if she doesn't. more to it though, strict parents, barely saw her, etc... but still, i picked her up from school, drove her to my place, get dumped, drive her home, now anytime i hear of/from her i get super anxious
0	I very much enjoyed your Wikipedia copypasta.  Literally the most sound source for political information.   >Right-wing politicians believe that traditions and their own wellbeing are more important than reason and the progress and wellbeing of society. That's literally how their stance is defined.  So, reality definitely has a leftist bias.   First of all, the entire premise of your argument is fallacious.  "RIGHTIES HATE REASON.  RIGHTIES HATE PROGRESS.  RIGHTIES HATE PEOPLE IN GENERAL.  Then, you use this straw man to characterize leftists as "realists" and the right as "delusional skyfundies."  The entire left agenda relies on the false axiom that the government can better manage the life of the individual than the individual can.     A person is poor?  They must be a victim of capitalism.  Give them free stuff.     A person is a criminal?  They must be a victim of society.  Give them free stuff.   A person doesn't get into college?  Must be racism.  Give them free stuff.   A person doesn't get a job? Must be those damn greedy 1% at it again.  Give them free stuff.      Every pillar of the left ideology is counterproductive to its intention.   Furthermore, I'd like to know which components of the left ideology you find to be "progressive."   >The best way to organize human society is in a leftist fashion: Equality before the law   Really? "Equality before the law."  How is that even remotely logical?  The whole purpose of the law is to instill "equality" in society.  That's why the symbol of law is a [bleeping] scale.  Furthermore, the leftest idea of "equality" is the most twisted, immoral, dysfunctional system imaginable.  It rewards people for doing nothing.  It gives people racial advantages based on nebulous terms like "diversity."  I could go on all day long.   > The evidence is not only historical but also mathematical   I don't see any numbers.  Let's see your argument for this:   >this starts at the basics of game theory (collaboration > competition)   Said no one who has ever lived in a communist country, ever.   >and ends with industrialized countries that employ these systems being very sustainable and progressive (Scandinavia, Germany, France, Austria, etc., all of which are more or less "socialist" countries   Le Sweden = Atheist paradise, amirite?     Germany  [Le bankrupt](   France  [Le bankrupt](   Austria  [Le bankrupt](     Also, if you read the second source, you will find out that:   >“The biggest problem at the moment in the euro zone is no longer Greece, Spain or Italy, instead it is France, because it has not undertaken anything in order to truly re-establish its  competitiveness , and is even heading in the opposite direction"   Competition wins.  Collaboration fails.   >A controlling government isn't necessarily a bad government.   I'll remind you of that when you need a Class-F4T455 permit to wipe your ass.   >No. Leftists support social equality, equal opportunities, and social security. This doesn't have anything to do with a "large government" (whatever that means in your opinion   Of course it does, you silly little weasel.  Who do you think is going to implement these social programs?  Sky fairies?  Goblins?  If you want social security and welfare, the taxpayer is going to have to pay for it.  And I'm going to go ahead and assume that you don't pay taxes, which would justify your willingness to redistribute wealth at least on a personal basis.   >without a strong government people would be selfish cunts who will exploit others to serve their own wants (especially in a society that's not generally well-educated or employs competitive economic and educational systems)   The legal system is for selfish exploitative cunts.  Judicial ≠ Legislative.  And when you refer to "competitive educational systems" I assume you are referring to private schools.  While I personally hate private schools because of the douchenozzles that populate them, I received a much better education when I was a part of one.  Competitive education is better than socialized education.  Public schools are using their grants to buy iPads and complaining that budget cuts are killing them.  Oh, the irony!   > Lack of regulation will more or less always lead to stronger and more widespread inequality   By inequality do you mean that people who work harder and employ superior business tactics will use their skills to enrich themselves?  Your philosophy serves as a slight to the American Dream and to the free enterprise system; you can thank this system for every convenience you have in your life.   Consider this my justification.
0	My girlfriend is like this too. I started feeling bad when I would finish and she wouldn't. So I started making sure I got her off at least once before the proper fucking began.   It was like night and day difference. If I finger her to orgasm before we start fucking, on occasion she has cum like 2 or 3 more times during the sex. But if we just start fucking right away, the same technique, the same stuff, it takes her FOREVER.
1	I find that bottom lane is more about building what you want for the team more than countering their lane, and is picked for more of a long term strategy.  if you want an early game monster to secure towers and dragons before 20 mins, i would go cait or graves, knowing that late game may be harder.  if your team is built around late game fights i would grab trist or ashe.  if your team is CC heavy and you need a hypercarry, grab vayne or kog.  your support role should reflect how you want your lane to play in the short term.  sustain is great for ensuring that you will get CS, but lets your enemy get CS easier too.  running a kill support (blitz, leona) or a harasser (nid, yorick) is great for denying CS and getting kills, but can lead to deaths.
1	Just looking at it right off the bat (didn't read through it but skimmed through) some format-like changes would make the guide much more appealing and easier to read.   In some parts it seems that you've forgotten how to separate long posts into paragraphs. In the areas where it looks like you have paragraphs there is no space between and just makes the guide harder to read. Quite frankly I kinda say "no thanks, not reading that" because it looks like a massive wall of text.
1	I've never felt the need to type a single word when I'm playing ranked. In the end it's always on yourself to make the best of the situations, and justifying your plays or commenting on the plays of random guys on the internet simply isn't going to give you a higher win rate. A simple ping or two is good enough, along with some jungle timers, and a rare gj to someone going hard on your team is all that is really necessary.   Last season I was low silver, didn't play many ranked games, around 100 games or so and I did a few duos with other silver players but quickly found out that the average player spent wayyyyy too much time talking and worrying about others..   This season I have around 150 games played and all solo or with my one specific friend and together we have a 70% winrate and neither of us says a word in our ranked games to our team. The standard few pings, while I usually jungle so I would type the timers out, and that is about as far as communication is needed in solo q.   You can't get caught up with your feelings about other players plays or even your own plays, just play the game! Mute anyone who makes a single negative comment, and no... you don't need to inform them you are muting them because as far as they know you aren't a real person because you don't really need to say anything period in solo q.   It may be frustrating and you want to blame someone else for your mistakes but think about it hard.. there is a reason some of the pro players have smurfs with records such as 50-3 and such. Yes you can carry a 4v5 from the start, yes you can win a game when one player is 0-15, yes you can go 10-0 every game and win 80%+ of them, NO YOU CANNOT WIN IF YOU ARE TOO WORRIED ABOUT OTHERS AND NOT ABOUT WHAT YOU ARE DOING YOURSELF.
0	Today, I also found out my bike was stolen.   It was stolen a few weeks ago, but long story short, I found the cable cut when I went to get my bike a week after I moved out of my apartment. I assumed it was impounded either due to an expired registration sticker, or the fact I was no longer a resident. It was late, so leasing office and impound center were both closed. I was going out of state and figured I'd just get it out of the impound when I got back.   So I get back last night, call the impound today... definitely don't have my bike (they would have notified me, plus kept the lock so I could prove it was my bike). So I call my apartment complex, and they ask maintenance/check storage. Never confiscated my bike. All this time it was stolen, and I thought it was chilling in the impound.   Probably the worst part is my bike is a wreck--the brakes don't really work, the seat falls off, and the gears don't turn. So, the bike thief most likely realized my bike was shitty and dumped it, so there's not much chance I'll ever see it again.
1	There's a 10% chance you're Kira
1	I took a look and you're right however Ashe is still underwhelming.  I like to use Caitlyn as a standard for measuring ADCs   Base States     Health: Ashe has 5 more Base HP but she scales 1HP / level less compared to Cait. At level 5 they're equal and level 6 Cait has more HP.   HP Regen: Cait has more base regen and scales the same as Ashe    Mana: Cait has significantly more mana and equal scaling   Mana Regen: Cait has more base regen and better scaling   Attack Damage: Cait has slightly more base AD and slightly better scaling   Attack Speed: Ashe's base attack speed has a .033 auto attacks more than Cait / second, but equal scaling   Armor: Cait has 1.5 more base armor than Ashe and scales the same   Range: Cait has 50 more range than Ashe (650- 600)     Abilities   Focus vs Headshot     Focus- stacks 4-8 / second (if out of combat for 3 seconds) until 100 and will then critically damage (100% bonus AD).    Headshot - Gains 1 stack/aa out of brush OR 2 stacks/ aa inside brush. Deals 50% bonus AD at 7/6/5 stacks and can also critically strike.   Summary- At level 1 Ashe would have to wait an absolute minimum 25 seconds out of combat before she can use her passive (Regardless of runes and masteries). While Cait's passive encourages auto attacks plus requires an absolute minimum (Assuming no runes and masteries) of 5.26 seconds. From early to late game Caitlyn's passive dominate's Ashe's in terms of usability and damage considering a critical strike with headshot would provide 300% AD and considering how Ashe's passive means less as she builds crit items.     Volley vs Peacemaker     Mana: Volley- 60 mana. Peacemaker 50-90 (+10/lvl)   Cooldown: Volley- 16 s-4 s ( -3 s/lvl). Peacemaker 10-6 ( -1 s/lvl)   Damage: Volley-  40-80 damage w/ 1.0 AD ratio. Peacemaker - 20-180 Damage with w/ 1.3 AD ratio.    Range: Volley- 1200. Peacemaker- 1300   Utility: Volley- 57.5^o Cone, applies slows from frost shot, maximum of 7 targets hit (cannot pass through enemies). Peacemaker- straight line, increased range if combo'd with 90 caliber net, no maximum# of units hit, passes through enemies (reduced damage).   Summary- Both Skills are very nice to have as volley spread and slows but peacemaker penetrates deeper. However, in terms of damage potential Peacemaker still gives more bang for your buck...er...mana?     Frost shot vs 90 Caliber Net     Mana: FS - Toggle 8 mana/aa. 90CN- 75 mana   Cooldown: FS- toggle cooldown (.2 s?). 90CN- 18 s-10 s (-2 s /lvl)   Damage: FS- no damage. 90CN- 80-230 magic damage (+50/lvl) scaling 0.8 AP scaling   Range: FS-600 (auto attack). 90CN-1000   Utility: FS- 15%-35% slow (+5%/lvl) for 2 seconds is applied on volley. 90CN- (50% slow) for 1-2s (+0.25s/lvl) AND a 400 unit knockback. Provides more range on peacemaker.   Summary: These abilities are not easily comparable due to their uses. The quality of slow at level one on Cait far outweighs Ashe's maxed FS while the duration of slow provided by FS is matched by a maxed 90CN. Situationally 90CN provides better escape and damage while FS provides better Chase, and Kiting.      Hawkshot vs Yordle SnapTrap     Mana: HS- no cost. YST- 50   Cooldown: HS- 60s-40s (-5s /lvl). YST- 20s-8s (-3s/lvl)   Damage: HS- no damage. YST- 80-280 magic damage + 0.6 AP ratio over 1.5 seconds   Range: HS- 2500-5500 (+750 / lvl) travel radius and 1000 destination radius. YST- Placement Range is 400 but the traps can be anywhere on the map   Utility: HS- passive +3gold/unit destroyed. Provides vision in direction HS travels for 2 seconds and vision of destination for 5 seconds, vision includes brushes. YST- Maximum 3 traps. 1 trap lasts 4 minutes. Addition of a 4th trap will deactivate the 3rd. Placing traps reveals area. 1.5 second snare activates upon contacting within 67 range of trap. Trap gives true sight of champion for 9 seconds.     Summary- Different components to the vision game. Hawkshot does not cost mana and has a huge range that reveals brushes but it does not provide immediate defensive and offensive benefits that YST provides. YST gives CC (snare), damage, and true sight which is amazing in the new vision meta.     Enchanted Crystal Arrow vs Ace in the Hole     Mana: ECA- 100. AitH- 100.   Cooldowns: ECA- 100s-80s (-10s/level). AitH - 90s-60s (-15s/lvl)   Damage: ECA- 250/425/600 + 1.0 AP ratio Magic Damage (Splash Damage= 50% of normal damage). AitH- 200-700 (+225/lvl) + 2.0 AD ratio physical damage    Range: ECA- Global Skill Shot, 250 range splash effect. AitH- 2000-3000 (+500/lvl) targeted ability.   Utility: ECA- Stun on first enemy champion hit, 50% slow on all enemies in splash range. AitH-provides true sight of locked on targets after 1 second channel. Fires a targeted projectile that can be blocked.    Summary- ECA provides great utility for team fights as a strong engage and disengage tool however its AP scaling and magic damage leave it lacking in the late game, also being a skill shot its very easy to miss if used at greater distance. AitH on the other hand is AD scaling long range reveal that makes up for Cait's weaker chase game.
0	Took a theorey in Asian American something something, the class was essentially how the white man is destroying Asian culture and lively hood, here are a few examples or the biased lessons.     any westernization/movement of white people to Asian lands is cultural domination/imperialism, yet when Asians move to the US we are Culturally oppressing them. I mean they are doing the same thing that would be bad if they were the white people but they aren't white.     the city of Los Angeles in the 90's held a giant fair to bring in culture of other nations and peoples in; and instead of this being looked at as good natured it, was seen as the white man showing dominance over the minorities  (I still don't see how).     A few military bases that were set up during WWII by the United States I can see being a problem now, but the people in those areas are saying stuff like "It wasn't even out war!" and crying.  Really? It wasn't your war? Hitler was just going to pass this small Island and be like "Hey guys should we racially cleanse this island?" and his advisers are just like "Oh no Hitler we can't they aren't part of this war."
1	Simple solution, place your two wards in lane. For example, as bot: In river brush, and one in your lane brush. Then save the other two for replacing those or when you roam, seeing as how you're not in lane anymore, you don't need those wards there anymore so you can avoid facechecking by warding ahead of you.
1	Because MPEN only affects magic damage which you get from spells, item passives/actives, and spell blade (very little).  ARPEN gives AD champions pen on all their physical abilities in addition to their auto attacks which are decent damage right off the bat.
1	I dropped out of college because people continuously hacked my game in this manner.   Like someone was actively always disconnecting my teammate.  Thank God.  I really hope this is the end of this security issue.  I went from winning 25 straight games with Kayle in a row (to start my ranked progression) to going to the bottom of Bronze 5 for seemingly 100 games in season 3.  After it stopped, I almost reached Gold 5, but the season ended.
1	LOL...Fair enough.  I was concerned it was a big post, but I wanted to make sure it was clear enough so that people could get the info we needed.
0	A year or so ago during the flooding in NY I was driving home from school and came to a depression that often floods. A sheriff was parked in front of it turning people around. At the time i was driving a F-350 with a vertical exhaust and I knew the road and that I could easily make it though the water I stopped and asked if the deputy would move his car so I could go though. He said sure and moved out of the way.   I carefully made my way across and just as I was about to reach the far side I hear the sirens go on the police car. I look back just in time to see a Grand Caravan plow into the water at about 30 mph get about 2 yards in and just stop.   I stuck around to help the passengers, a woman and her two kids get to "dry" ground. The very first question the deputy asked her was "What the hell where you thinking?" Her response was to point at me and say "Well he made it though just fine!". She then turned to me and asked me if I could tow her van out of the water so she could get home. I told her there was little point because she had flooded the engine and it would take more than dragging it out of the water to get it running again, and I was not a tow company and did not have insurance.   I left after that.
0	We don't get 'free land'. It is taxed by the US. Gov. However, there is such a thing as 'Tribal Land'. This is land owed by our tribes, which are sovereign nations. The way tribes tend to handle their lands is they lease the land to farmers. The profits then go to the tribe and are distributed to the tribal members who owned the land.
1	This tweet from Soaz is just as childish and immature as many of the comments on this subreddit. Sure, there is plenty of idiots commenting dumb shit, but at the same time there are plenty of valid critisisms on here and people who actually do have a good grasp of what's going on.
1	I feel that someone is more of a team player if they support out of any pick that isn't 5th pick.  I'm totally fine supporting from any pick if everyone on my team says that they have a position they're best at, and I'm left with support.   I recently started duoing with my roommate who's about ~40 elo below me, so he's always last pick.  He's a really good top and that's why we wanted to start duoing, so I could jungle, he could top.  Instead, he's left supporting every game.  One game he tried asking for top in the lobby, our 3rd pick takes gp top, feeds darius, going 0/8 in the first ~15 minutes.  I know my roommate is better than an 0/8 top and would not have lost that lane that quickly.
0	What if I told you that term limits would make it worse. I'm too lazy to provide a link, but Michigan imposed term limits about fifteen years ago and it's been an absolute partisan mess ever since. Here's the short of it: First, by it's very nature, term limits reduce the experience level of the politicians dealing with complicated regulatory schemes. Second, due to their collective inexperience, lobbiests become increasingly important and relied upon for their "expertise."  They spoonfeed their pet politicians proposed legislation and so forth (even more so than they do in non-term-limited jurisdictions). Third, term limits effectively eliminate bipartisan relationships that are built over years or decades. The result is a bunch of small-minded ideologues who toe the party line. Forth, because they're term limited, elected leaders have every incentive to cozy up to lobby interests to secure post-political employment.
1	I always thought that the moon was married to the sun, but the sun had to come down to earth everyday and work the fields and crops as this was long before people could do these things and someone/thing must tend to the land.   The Moon used to cry ALL THE TIME bc she was a jealous and needy little wife, the moons tears would fall to the earth where they would become Silver. The Sun was hard headed and a strong worker, his wife tears did not bother him, he kept on working, day after day he would work the fields, he worked so hard he built up a sweat every day, and when his sweat would drop to the earth, it became gold.
0	It's really nice when someone comes through my register with something different to say than the usual stuff. I hear a lot jokes about how bored or lonely I look, or that I need to be put to work. It gets old. HOWEVER! I have co-workers that don't mind at all. Better friendly than agitated and violent. There's also nothing wrong with sticking with the bare minimum (Hi, how are you? I'm good too, thanks. Have a nice day.) Our job is to get you out of there quickly, anyway. But if you cannot stand the silence during the transaction, you can share something you have done/will be doing that day. It sounds like it's boring talk, but I enjoy hearing what a customer will be cooking or if they're traveling.
1	I'm out of the loop, could someone
1	By the logic of "low mobility/no escape" kog'maw falls off late game too... That logic is flawed like no other. In an orchestrated team environment its not likely to see a kog/twitch pick unless you're going to pick around them to protect them. For dive comps like xin/olaf like you mentioned you play a siege comp. If anyone points out "OH BUT SIEGE DOESNT WORK VS DIVE LOOK AT CLG vs CURSE" i hate to disappoint you but you're wrong. Siege works well vs dive comps (xin/olaf) and the reason why clg lost to curse in that matchup is because Curse Voyboy (olaf) and Curse stvicious (xin) kept finding people out of place and snowballed out of control due to it.
0	To be fair, I went into it with the idea that it was this RPG of sorts. There are little unique thing like being able to garden etc. but for the most part its practically a game that feels like its in the alpha phase.   If you had any interest in this game but just dont feel creative enough try terreria. I found that a lot more interesting then minecraft (and a lot easier on java....)
0	I can't help but point out that by "people", bonaque is including the perpetrator.   Source: American here, that pays attention to foreign social norms.
1	Just today I lost bot lane because of comcast, I was Thresh and had 400 ping the whole lane. I asked after game if they could tell and Leona said yes it was quite obvious. Called comcast after and they fixed the issue.
1	I've gone from silver to plat with Thresh main holla. But supports should be at his level and many I find compete at my level.   Not trying to sound douchey but I get call "thresh god" a decent amount and I find many blitz, Leona, lulu, Annie and Janna to be competitive if they know what they are doing. I just think its a secondary role for them and many Threshs main it cus his kit is so fun and are better because of it.   I SEE A LOT of shitty Threshs if I don't get him though
1	Every top laner looks like shit when on CLG. Seraph is having the same damn thing happen to him that happened to Nien that happened to Voyboy. CLG basically sacrifices their top laner every single damn game in order to try to get Doublelift ahead.   Top laner winning match? Better lane swap so Double can farm. Top laner losing? Let's just lane swap anyways, even though the top is down 2 levels and has no gold as more gets fed into Doublelift.   Notice the top lane play on other teams like C9 or LMQ. They don't completely forsake their top lane. The top laner still gets placed in advantageous situations, still gets solid pressure, and still is allowed gold throughout the game. There have been countless CLG games where their top laner or even Link would be right next to a damn minion wave and you would see a billion pings go off on the wave for them to back off so Doublelift could get the wave, even though he was just leaving base.   CLG need to actually focus on having a balanced comp instead of falling back to feed Doublelift every single damn game. They were doing their best at the start of the season when they were actually balancing things better and treating each role as important. Then when they hit a slump, they fell right back into old habits which arguably never worked because Doublelift, despite having solid mechanics, has a tendency to play super reckless and get his ass killed, wasting that gold. How much did feeding all of those resources to him do during the CRS series when he basically stealthed into the middle of the fights and got blown up in 2 seconds?   I'm not trying to blame Doubelift here but their constant fallback strategy of sacrificing everything to Double has proven unreliable at best and doesn't stops working when the guy wants to go full ham all the time and play reckless. Double gets a ton of love from the community but imo, Sneaky is the best ADC in NA because he DOESN'T take unnecessary risks. The guy is a beast of an ADC even with less gold and always manages to find a way to carry. He knows when to play passive and when to turn it on.
0	Because in this situation i assume they are probably younger. Mid-20s probably the latest. Your right if both my friends and sister were in their 40s then i couldn't care less what their relationship is. But generally these type of feelings arise when your sister is significantly younger than your friends. In this situation its easy to feel they were taking advantage of her.   Additionally it is a measure of worth. By engaging in a relationship with my sister my friend is essentially putting my friendship second to feeling towards my sister (wether that be lust or love). Now every time you want to hang out with your friend you now need to keep in mind they are in a relationship with your sister and hence possibly censor any complaints/frustrations about her.   Plus you know how your friends and guys in general are. Your friends especially probably let you know all the messed up thing they have done (at on point or another we have all made poor decesions regarding the oppisite sex) to women, intentionally or otherwise. And it is only natural to want to protect your loved ones (your sinling in this case) from such.   Finally, there are people who all they will be able to think about is that their friend is sleeping with their sister. Now this is incredably immature outlook but it does exist.
0	My high school US/World History teacher told me that I "will never ammount to anything" because I was too lazy. It pissed him off to no end that I would Ace every single test or quiz he gave but would fuck off or doodle in class and couldn't answer a single question about the reading (because fuck reading).   The sad part is he gave these simple multiple choice exams based solely on the lecture; as long as I half listened and used some common sense, they were cake. He could have changed to some essay questions if he wanted to ding or fail me based on subjective grading but he was too, wait for it, LAZY to change his 15 year old MC tests.
0	If you got eight bottles of cologne, you either smell like shit or no one knows what to get you, Next year tell each person exactly what to buy you.
1	You're very much over-estimating the gold efficiency of the late game items.  And you're certainly very wrong about Dota 2 being less snowbally than League.  Sure, the smaller items in Dota 2 are more efficient, but you're forgetting that 1) the person with more right click damage in lane can, with perfect play, not only capture every cs, but DENY his opponent every CS as well (costing him both gold and experience), and 2) when you die in Dota 2 you LOSE gold-- between the gold loss and the cost of a TP scroll to get back into lane, a single death can mean hands down losing the lane, never to regain the advantage.  I've watched professional Dota 2 games that were decided by the 3 minute mark-- one team ran an aggressive tri-lane, got first blooded, and that was GG.  Hell, I've watched Dota 2 games that never even got off the ground-- the first two games of the TI3 finals were decided in the ban-pick phase.
1	the problem is most items people are "rushing" these days are in the upwards amount of 2.8k - 3.8k. While I do love how cheap wriggles is, the jungle items are meant to give great cheap stats that benefit a lot in the mid game (to compensate for it being meh in the late game)   but if we are comparing, spirit of the spectral wraith and lizard are both MUCH better stat efficiency than wriggles AND they cost 400 to 700 respectively more. BOTH of these items overall gold worth is much higher than their cost (each atleast 400 above what you pay).   Wriggle's on the other hand is very cheap, takes a slot with 1600 gold cost, gives you some stats at a very small discount (with the added ONE ward every 3 minutes). 35 min game avg (on the high side) say you have it after 11 min (likely) 24min. 24/3 = 8. 8 * 75 gold = 600 gold. This means if you have a 35 min game (pretty average time for summoners), you will get 600 gold if you place it EVERY chance possible for vision.   The farce of this is UNLIKE other jungle items you are paying for an item that pays off in the long term, and putting an item in a slot for 1600 gold in the short term. This means you blow the advantage another cheap item could generate by having better stats, for picking an item that will benefit you only rarely for mediocre stats early that you will basically need to sell after a while anyways.
0	I've been watching Master Chef Australia for a while now. Completely different experience, everyone's happy for each others' success, helps out if someone's in trouble - and I've NEVER heard anyone bad-mouth anyone else on the show. Seems like a bunch of genuinely nice people helping each other to reach their potential.   All the back stabbing and alliances have turned me off most reality TV. In Master Chef (US, and to some extent UK) and Hells Kitchen seems just full of entitled, delusional, conniving bastards ("I don't care what the judges think, I KNOW my food is the best!", "It made me so happy to see her mess up her dish, she doesn't deserve to be here like I do", etc.).
1	It uses team MMR, and sometimes it's not enough.   You can have a team full of plat+ players like mine getting paired against a team full of silver/gold players, because it uses team MMR.   It gets very ugly, I'll tell you that. ranked 5s is 70% of the time a complete stomp until you get at least somewhat 50 games played because by then you'll be in your "actual" MMR. And these stomps completely crush the low ELO players, they get very sad about the stomp they take. More often than not, they start to question if they'll ever get good enough, and if they think they can't, then they get demotivated to play the game. Sometimes tho it motivates them and makes them try and improve their play, but it is rare.   It also happens that a team that is basically full of plats like mine getting paired up against 3 challengers and 2 low diamonds (happenned last night), or even a team of 1 challenger and 4 high diamonds (happenned last week).   It gets ugly as well, sometimes these are complete stomps just like the first situation, but at this level of play people actually get to learn instead of getting crushed and taking not one lesson for the team.
1	Vlad Rapes Heimer, life steal the turrets to replenish, always keep moving back and forth in his lane to decrease the chance of his concussion grenades hitting you, and Transfuse him whenever possible to keep his health low, a Heimer with low to no mana is useless but a Heimer with both low health and mana is a dead Heimer. call for ganks when he is low from a jungler if available, otherwise just out coordinate and out maneuver him. when he ults use sanguine pool, if you cant handle the rest, well I don't know what to say. He's tough but just keep pressuring him and sapping his turrets (lol! Just saw a TF2 Spy vs Engie similarity there for a second) and make sure your team calls MIAs, makes life much easier
0	I understand a lot of you don't think someone can be addicted to weed or just think I'm being a pussy, and honestly I'd probably have the same reaction.   But I said I'm addicted because I honestly think I am. Weed is fun, and awesome thing to do with down time and a great stress reliever. In moderation.   My problem is I don't have the self control to "gentleblumpkin, don't smoke this bowl rght now". I smoke entirely too much. Since smoking in excess I am now failing 3 out of my 4 classes and quit the swim team. My friends all notice a change in me (not for the better) and my family just thinks I'm growing into an anti-social recluse. My bank account is nearly drained and I feel guilty whenever I get a bank statement.
1	SGS had a really strong early game in mid and top lane.  Tofu's Rumble snowballed pretty hard, and Chawy's Karma always had ReginaId pushed under his tower.  However, a combination of TSM's botlane outperforming SGS's and a few mistakes from SGS put TSM back into the game.
1	Personally, when I started ranked I thought that I would climb the ladder and find reasonable and nice people to play with. However, my dreams were shot down when I realized that no matter how hard I tried, I would always lose to my own team. Trolls, Feeders, and ragers alike would just ruin it for me. People who care way too much about elo, and say the worst things really got to me. I decided I would just play normal drafts from now on, as I just can't give a shit for dealing with the anger and toxic environment of ranked. Yes, I get the occasional leaver, troll, or rager but it isn't every game that that happens.
0	UA Resident Here - Zollinger, Tremont, Fishinger, and N. West Blvd are all LOADED with Cops sitting around waiting for someone to even fall out of place the slightest bit. If your driving through UA, I highly suggest you take Lane Road. Not only is it the quickest way through UA but its the safest. UA cops only sit at the Speedway on the corner of Lane, and N. Star for coffee... other than that its clean.   As for that zombiekodi story - UA cops have heard every single type of story when it comes to being caught with pot... they just deal with it and move on. they might get annoyed hearing the same lie over and over again but they just have to accept kids will continue to lie to them over and over again.
0	Somewhere in between. Funk has the accent on the 'one' (so if you count with the beat you get 1!-2-3-4 1!-2-3-4) whereas disco uses a "four to the floor" beat with the emphasis on the 2 and 4. Uptown Funk does both. Disco beat with the emphisis on the 'one', which still makes it funk.
1	Don't feel bad, working my way through silver now and everyone thinks they know how to play the game. There isn't one set of end all be all builds for all champs. Hydra is good for any melee champ (mostly). I usually just ignore people and always ask myself how can I improve? Do the same, get out of this BS of well the lolking guide says build "X" when really I should build "Y".
1	IMO his role is the same. Just a bit tricky to play   The way to build him IMO is Seraph's of course and ROA as core items. After that you need CDR cap, why? Simple, with 40% CDR you have ult every 1.8s at max rank. This way you can go in, damage with ult, E, W+AA, and go out with ult again. Q just to poke or if enemy tries to stop you during combo   I would probably build IBG, it gives you armor, AP, CDR, mana and enhanced AA. Mana is perfect for his ult scaling, armor is great for his shield (Don't needs MR cause his passive reduces magic damage taken), CDR is great as I said and the enhanced AA synegies pretty well with W. Frozen Hearth seems to be a good item too. Maybe 40% CDR could be from IBG+FH+DFG (10%+20%+10%, and you can get AS on masteries to make your W more efficient)
0	This.  Someone who just shelled out the ridiculous coin for an engagement ring is going to still have the little details fresh in their head.  The wedding ring?  That's the one they threw in for free after you had to finance the engagement ring.
0	I see what you mean, but rather I had meant that being overweight and smoking are both extremely unhealthy. I should have elaborated on that, sorry. I mean there is truly a difference between overweight amd healthy. For example, take two people 6' 210 lbs. One is mainly muscle, one is mainly fat, there will be a considerable difference in health and fitness. Also, being dangerously underweight would also be considered equally dangerous.
1	spellsy, I really like this type of analysis.  I think there should be a lot more of this type of analysis done for pro League matches.  However, I caution making any strong conclusions from the "snowballing" section -- especially the 3.6% increase in first-blood winrates.  With your small sample size that is only an increase of about 2 games.   One also has to consider that there might be experience/skill gaps and/or other factors between your pre-patch 3.14/post-patch 3.15 groups which might significantly contribute to snowballing and objective prioritization.  The pre-patch 3.14 group is from worlds and OGN, while the post-patch 3.14 group is from BotA, EU/NA LCS Promos, and some OGN games.   I've worked on a game research project analyzing thousands of play sessions looking at dozens of variables and markers.  It's quite common to have small differences in values when working with such small sample sizes (even without any changes/patches!!).  Be very careful when making your conclusions with these types of datasets.  For example, I believe the only win-rates-after-taking-first-objectives that are probably significant are "First-Dragon" and "First-Inhibitor".  However, the differences in "First-Blood" and "First-Baron" are interesting and should be tracked more in future sample sets.
1	I'm sorry but this statement is incorrect. Kiting champions like Lulu and Kayle can play well against Jax. You can play around Le Blancs cooldowns to outplay her, or survive her burst (through shields like Orianna's and Lulu's) and deal more sustained damage as opposed to burst. Lucian can be out-ranged and out-scaled with not too much difficulty. Caitlyn's early dualing is quite bad as well.   Also, flaming people for "tryharding" is so stupid even in normals. Why the fuck wouldn't you want to win the game? Winning is fun too.
0	This post is actually not bullshit but OP doesn't know this woman. A radio station here in Arizona does a little segment every morning where the set people up to see if they have done anything such as cheating or in the incident stealing a ring and they found out the bitch sold it and bought some new boobs.
1	Maybe I'll order them later? Basically, this just shows there are a  ** ton of gap closers in this game...   Ahri (R) - 450   Akali (R) - 800   Alistar (W) - 650   Amumu (Q) - 1100   Cait (E) - ???   Corki (W) - ???   Diana (R) - 825   Elise (E) - 1075   Ezreal (E) - ???   Fiddle (R) - ???   Fiora (Q) - 600   Fizz (Q) - 550   Graves (E) - 425   Hec (E) - ??? More like a ghost   Irelia (Q) - 650   J4 (Q+E) - 770   Jax (Q) - 700   Jayce (Q) - ???   Kass (R) - 700   Kat (E) - 700   Kha (E) - 600   LeBlanc (W) - 600   Lee Sin (Q) - 1000   Leona (E) - 875   Malph (R) - 1000   Mao (W) - 650   Naut (Q) - 950   Nid (W) - ???   Noc (R) - 3500 (at max rank)   Panth (W) - 600 and (R) - 5500   Poppy (E) - 525   Renekton (E) - 450   Rengar (Passive) - ???   Riven (E) - 325   Sejuani (Q) - 700   Shaco (Q) - 500   Shen (E) - 575 and (R) is global   Shyvana (R) - 1000   Talon (E) - 700   Thresh (Q) - 1075 and (W) - 950   Trist (W) - 900   Tryn (E) - 650   Twisted Fate (R) - 5500   Urgot (R) - 850   Vayne (Q) - 300   Vi (Q) - ??? and (R) - 800   Wukong (E) - 650   Xin Zhao (E) - 650   Zed (W) - 550 and (R) - 625   Ziggs (W) - ???   Zac (E) - 1100 (at max rank)   Lucian (E) - 425
1	You may not eat a ridiculous amount, but I'm just saying if you are exercising regularly, then losing wait should work if you pay close attention to how much you should be eating. I cant tell you how much you should or shouldnt be eating, but just try to eat less each serving and drink a lot of(or ONLY) water. Soda is a huge one for me and a lot of people but I noticed you said sweets. I don't know what to tell you about that other than you don't need it. It's not food, it's pleasure. Soda and sweets you should just not be consuming on a regular basis if you arent at a comfortable body size and you are trying to change it.
1	To Riot's credit, they probably have the best lore in the genre or, at least, for a game that aims to have a shit-ton of characters. There aren't that many games that try to do this and there isn't an easy way to make 116 unique characters.   One relevant comparison might be the fighting game genre where the lore is comparable or much worse. Most fighting games just run off the "OMG, there's a hueg fightan tournament gg" (street fighter, Tekken) and fill their roster with all the viable tropes.   Dota is probably the most relevant comparison and I think LoL has done well to distinguish itself. Here's an interesting factoid from an oldie: heroes in the old Dota All-stars were generally referred to by their designated title (eg: Queen of Pain, Anti-mage) while LoL worked to get champ names & personalities to stand out more. No one calls Ashe "Frost archer" or Janna "The Storm's Fury". The only thing LoL is missing might be the extensive taunt features from Dota 2.   Finally, the only other direct comparison, in terms of the amount of characters, I can make is the "108 stars of Destiny" in the Suikoden series of RPG games. Even in an RPG, the majority of the cast simply exist as tropes, comic relief or just deliberately obscure so that the player can project their own imagination.
0	I'm glad we could entertain you. I don't think it's a foolish assumption that when you call your wife lazy in a public forum, people will assume you are a dick. Seriously, if your relationship is so awesome - TELL HER you think she's lazy instead of strangers.   >Or maybe fools on the internet think they can know the whole story from a 2 sentence post.  Thanks for all your assumptions, Reddit is my treasure trove of relationship advice   Don't need (or want) to know your whole story. I know you disrespect your spouse in public where she cannot refute you. If it bothers you that "fools on the internet" are judging you, maybe you shouldn't air your dirty laundry in public.
1	I'm pretty sure the highest you can go is Plat 1. So I think your normal. It's just how it is. Challengers players max out at Plat 1 too, so yeah.
0	I had dial up until 2007. Yeah. I mean the new broadband was like 0.5mb and whenever there was a breeze strong enough to make a daisy shift it would crash,  but at least we could load a YouTube video without having to leave it sit for hours. Anyway, now I have fibre and my life's finally getting on track. My videos are loading, mp3s are downloading and I think my PC is starting to love me again.
1	Are they really? front page now i don't see shit about morgana, 1 about a streamer, 1 about a bug, and 1 about a skin concept. That leaves 22 other possible things to be on the standard 25 link front page.. I see multiple discussion about the game itself, forum posts, discussions about worlds, client requests, item fixes, patch discussion, and a bunch of other things. The best part is that the ones that actually talk about the game are the ones that have the most upvotes. Not fanart, streamer highlights or any of the shit that is "so popular" on reddit. So no, you fucking suck.
1	Who the hell upgrades their trinket at lvl 9? O.o   Even when I'm fed, I wait until I'm full build to upgrade my trinket. When I'm a lowly support, I always need the money for the (really expensive :( ) Aegis, or Sunfire or something.
1	butthurt fanboys aren't downvoting him. That is why that why nunu why line is so famous. It was hotshots fault, didn't realize nunu walked up warded and walked away, was already halfway down river by the time hotshot decided to go aggressive.
1	I think this comes down to matchup - helping out a 2/0 Jayce is not worth it if they have a 2/0 Vayne  But if it is a Jax? Then yea, go for it.  Also this comes down to lanes - top is very snowbally, so if you get them two kills they should nearly always win their lane; there isn't much reason to go back after that unless it is for a countergank  For mid you have to understand who you can gank and who you can't - it's rarely worth trying to gank a Morgana, for instance, but a Morde is a must gank in the early levels. It's rarely worth ganking for a Karthus, as he can just farm, but an Ahri may really need them kills early to 100-0 someone in a teamfight  Bot lane depends on the matchup, but it is always worth going down there a few times. Ultimately, the AD is the most important person on your team, and getting him ahead is always getting your team ahead. You should especially help out when your support has an easy set up for you - Zyra ult, Taric stun, Vayne condemn etc. Also remember that whenever you are bot you are near dragon, and any clean kill can be converted into 1k gold for your team, which benefits everyone
1	It's because Sona gains nothing from having a large mana pool versus mana regen.  A champion like Karthus, Maokai or Anivia has an immediate and obvious benefit to having a large mana pool from their DoTs, and there are champions like Nidalee and Heimerdinger that require a super large mana pool because of low cooldowns and high costs.  Sona has neither high costs nor something that requires a mana drain, so why buy a tear on her?   You buy a tear to spam your abilities, which is half of the most effective way to play Sona in ARAM.  The reason you want to spam your abilities is to get powerchords (and later, Lich Bane proc'ing powerchords that deal 2/3 of a carry's health every 2 seconds) off as much as possible to do as much poke as possible (and to heal) - you want to get into a rhythm of something like e - w - q - powerchord over and over.  A tear is actually counterintuitive to this because it doesn't give you enough mana regen and it doesn't significantly increase your pool size early - and even if it did, the mana regen problem is an issue late game.   Enter the chalice in the other corner, however.  After level 6 or so, the chalice lets you spam your skills with almost perfect impunity to your mana bar.  At the beginning of the game, chalice gives you ~100% increased mana regen as Sona (because you'll be near the end of your mana bar most of the time until your first buy) by itself because of the Howling Abyss increased mana regeneration.  Once you go Athene's + Morellonomicon, you'll have both infinite mana and maximum CDR.  This is important because you can spam your Q/W indefinitely on maximum CDR and have powerchords/Lich Bane going all day.   For what it's worth, my ARAM build on Sona usually looks like this:  Chalice + Amp Tome + Faerie Charm -> MAYBE Morell (will rush the latter against another healer or a Mundo/Zac/etc.) -> Lich Bane -> Athene's -> Rabadons -> Morellonomicon.  I rarely get passed the Lich Bane and I've almost never got much further than the Rabadon's, because a Sona with a Lich Bane and Athene's and a Deathcap has no excuse to die, ever.  Tear just adds nothing to this, and a Lich Bane Sona is the best champion in ARAM.  A six item Sona in this style would look like: Lich Bane, Rabadon's, Morell, Athene's, Sorc Boots/Zhonya's/DFG, Void Staff.  I actually cannot imagine anything more terrifying than that six item Sona for an ARAM game.   Anyone who would tell you a build on ARAM for Sona without including a Lich Bane as  the  absolute most essential item has no idea how to play that champion.
0	UPDATE   So everyone wanting an update this happened roughly 2 weeks ago and my dog is okay... She needed 5 stitches by her right ear on the back of her neck. The guy is just straight up being a dick about it, and he has been reported to our buildings managers, and his dog has a history of attacking other dogs around the building.( this is the most serious incident to date) Because the dog has not attacked a person he is under no legal obligation to put his dog down, unless I try to pursue that option through the court. The vet bill was $200 because the vet did not charge me as much as he should have for her treatment because he respected how well i responded to it and how fast I got her to the vet...The overall cost would have been around 500 due to the medication she needed....
0	Also I hate how people keep blaming it on genetics. Nothing is just genetics, its not like you can just sit back and say if I eat a sandwhich a week I'll still weigh 300 pounds. That doesn't happen, sure some people have it harder because of genetics, some people have it harder because of being bullied. In reality everyone has it equally hard, some just feel more pity for themselves than others. OK I am speaking of hard as a concept of facing trouble in your life. As the term life is half sweet half sour. It may be true that if you compare people some seem to have it easier. Some do, some fought their way there, but is it really okay to tell people to just go and sit on their asses and feel like its ok because its not their fault? I mean its not like they can't do anything, everyone can, if your doctor tells you to not lose weight cause you would die otherwise. I would first, ask to check that with 10 others... but if it proves true, cool I can understand that. Otherwise its not like the rest of us aren't fighting everyday, go get em I say. Although if people could just be open and more true to what they think... I think we would honestly approximate a world that could give proper comments. Of course it would take time, of course it wouldn't be easy, its never easy to live a dream. But a little makes the world just that much better, it may not count much, but in my opinion it counts more than enough.
1	What good comes out of them giving you an update? If it gets delayed all you are going to do is bitch at them. If they hype it up you're going to bitch at them for not doing this or doing that. And if you don't bitch at them somebody else will. I'm pretty sure you noticed lately riot doesn't give any heads up to anything until it is almost done, aka at most several weeks in advanced. Riot has slowly learned from the past that telling people way too early do nothing but create disappointment and backlash (remember magma chamber?). So I don't blame them for not saying anything.   With that being said, I personally think it will be a feature that riot has dropped or maybe put on hiatus indefinitely. I say that cuz it's not that important of a feature. Sure you see it being brought up on reddit but the reddit player base is pretty much tiny compared to the entire league player base and I'm pretty sure they did polls and found that not enough people cared enough for it. Most of us just wants to play the damn game and they're probably working on other things to improve the player experience (I actually visited their hq and saw some pretty cool projects that go towards this goal that isn't just skins or champions). Plus there are 3rd party tools to let you do replays already.
1	Well, I think you're a little confused there. It is intentional feeding. I actually just reported a guy for this. See, these players are feeding, right? You'll agree with me that 0/8/0 is feeding, I'm sure, especially in a 20 minute surrender. (S)he was a really really bad player. But that's only half the story. This person was playing the game. They were clearly moving around and everything. They were  intentionally  playing the game. There's the intent.   Thus, I reported for intentional feeding. Serves them right for sucking so much at the game.
1	If you're being CC'ed as vayne, it's already too late.  Her best defense is to stay on the edge of fights and avoid focus with her stealth tumbles.  She is so squishy that, if someone wants you dead, you're dead.  My core build is zerker's, followed by a rushed black cleaver and a madred's.  From there I usually go survivability, since the attack speed provides extraordinary damage on vayne, going for a banshee's, frozen mallet, atma's, or possibly the cloak and dagger IF I'm failing and being focused a lot.  I often break up the madred's with a survive item halfway through.  Don't waste your gold on a trinity, it is incredibly overrated on vayne.  You get way more bang for you buck in terms of cost efficiency just stacking AS.
1	Because people are scared of him. Protip: Don't ban him, then counterpick the terribad enemy first pick who immediately grabs him. Wipe the floor with their smug little face.   Stupidest part of ranked, even at 1570 ELO, is that people always first or second pick top and mid lane. Because of that you have very little room for counter-picking obvious counter-able matchups, and champion's whos balance is held in check by easy, obvious counter-picking get really strong. Enemy team picked kassadin? Shove a Talon/Pantheon/Caitlyn up his ass.
1	I want to cosplay her so badly, I'm almost pale enough, the only thing stopping me is my pudgy stomach, but I'm working on getting rid of that just to cosplay as her. Also I'd need a wig, cause of short hair...
0	Or you'll have an experience like mine... went in for an alignment, left with a car out of alignment. Went back in, got car back with damaged rim. I watched my dash cam, the 'tech' drove my car up to a curb, and turned the wheel into the curb 7x and said "I don't give a fuck." Then went back and told the guys that were going to do the alignment that it was dead-on. Contacted the dealer, sent them a link to the YouTube video. They agreed to have my rim repaired by a third party and returned to me, and pay for an alignment at another dealer not affiliated with theirs. Then their 'legal council' reported me for "eavesdropping." DA dropped it after I spoke with the detective 4x in a day. I'm forfeiting my last 2 free oil changes.
1	It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.
1	Having played all of these champs, and most of these champs for quite a few games, I can say that these champs actually do provide a ton even without auras.   Amumu has a passive that reduces enemy MR and percent health based AoE damage.   Rammus has Armor based AD and a frakkin long taunt. Also his ult damages tower.   Alistar and Leona are incredible CC dispensers. Leona has more CC and more frequent CC, but Alistar can stun half the enemy team every 12 or so seconds if he has good placement.   Malphite has a passive that makes health stacking much more cost efficient, which makes Atma's all the more viable. He also has some of the best initiation in the game with his Q and Ult, and his W means that he doesn't have to build as much armor as he would otherwise (making health even more useful).   The only ones I haven't played much are Galio and Maokai. I know Maokai is a strong poke champ, with good CC. And Galio has a game changing Ult if he can place it well, and has some way to prevent CC (either team fight awareness or BV).   I will be the first to admit that Sunfire cape is awesome and great fun on Amumu, that shurelya's makes Alistar's pushes easier to place, and that Frozen Heart makes everyone's lives easier except for Rammus and maybe Galio. However, the kits these champs possess is why they can tank. It's why they can't be ignored even with full tanking gear, and why they don't need scaling to be incredibly effective.   Auras are always nice, and shouldn't just be advised for Support and tanks. Tell your fiddle to get abyssal, your AD sion or teemo to get stark's, and your Nasus or other tri force core champs to get aegis. Auras do great things, but they don't make tanks viable. /end of rant
1	According to this forum post I found]( TSM got banned from IEMs in 2012 for only 1 year. As far as I know they are currently eligible, but I also found this comment on [this forum post](   "TSM ragequit from IEM tournaments over a year ago. They ditched the qualifier tournaments because they wouldn't let them stream the matches and ever since then they haven't gone to an IEM."   Mind you this was written in 2013.
1	I finished season 2 with a shitty rating (~700)   I am now approaching silver with around 1050 rating right now. I for one am looking forward to playing with them, because if they abuse me for my lack of a border, it just makes it even more fun to beat them and watch the whine. and if I get to gold this season, and I end up getting abused for not having a border, it will just motivate me to play better.   the way I see it. If you don't had a lower rating than them last season, but earned your place amongst them this season, then fair play. You earned your right to be up there playing with them, if they abuse you for it, then more fool them.
1	Just for the record. Last hitting is one of the most important mechanics in the game. With last hitting, you are able to get the gold from a single minion and still have the minions fighting each other. By doing this you do not push your minions too far towards your enemies' tower/turret (or whatever you like to refer it to). The benefit of this is that you will be closer to your own turret and avoid many ganks. Also, if your enemy does not know how to last hit and decides to auto attack your minions, they automatically push towards your tower, enabling your team to gank your lane.   Even if you do not get kills during lane phase of the game (most likely the first 7-10 minutes of the game), by last hitting successfully, you are able to maintain a good creep score(minion kills) and get a lot of gold. You will find that purchasing any equipment that you think is compatible with your champion a lot easier this way.   Usually,the more creep score(cs for short) you have, the greater advantage you have over players with less. Of course, this is disregarding kills, deaths, and assists, and only regarding last hitting for gold in order to purchase items quicker in the game.   [
1	Its a matter of how many chances / misplays the enemy team lets you make before they capitalize on them and win. Some guys are pretty good on doing that still (CLG, C9, Gambit) and others are not (SHC etc). If you die once in a random level 1 fight, thats ok. But if you die again and lose a turret, dragon or baron things might shift into the enemy teams favour.
1	Just don't pick a troll champion into a role. Malzahar isn't a jungler. However, at least attempt to heed what others are saying in regards to team comp. you might main soraka, but an orianna/ziggs/etc would be better to fit your team.
1	Based on a youtube comment made by Jurand ze Spychowa   >no, the bug is irelia Q, sometimes she appears on random position on the map after using it for a miliseconds (you can't actually see this in game), very rare bug, getting a kill like that is even more rare, also happens to lee, i have seen footage where lux threw her Q in midlane and got 1st blood on jungle lee at blue buff﻿   My theory is that Rito sets the very middle of the map as 0,0 in the axis of SR. When Champs like Lee and Irelia uses their Q to a target very close to them, there will be a millisecond that they teleport to 0,0. You can see from the video that Nid spear disappeared right in the middle of mid lane. Now you can guess what happened. Sorry for broken English
0	This would be true id stores took the discount from the total.   But stores don't take whatever percent off your total during a sale, they only take the percentage off the cost of the items (not including tax), because they aren't getting the extra money you're paying for the taxes, so they aren't going to apply the discount to that total.
0	So, it is the best to use the 'easy' way and beat them, right? I hate when I have explain why it is so wrong to a parent.   First, your kids are PEOPLE. They have their own cognitive abilities, their own way of thinking and stuff even when they're too young to look intelligent. But the problem is, parents are the primary factor to shape these early phases of cognition. So, if you are too lazy to emphatize with your child and take him/her as a human like you and instead choose to spank, you will teach them a fear-based way of avoiding things. They will do things depending on the people around etc. and not on why or what can why cause. So after a point, you can't get to actually speak to your kid through reasoning because he/she won't know what that is. You won't be able to communicate in ways except award/punishment until he/she grows up to be an adult.   I have two 4 yr old relatives in my family. They're cousins and both are boys and live in different cities but are not so different from each other. One has parents who always let him free and explain his mistakes by talking like an adult at the first place without trying to use 'discipline'.   His cousin though, has a relatively traditional kind of family. His mom does not even try to talk to him. She sometimes takes him out and commands him like commanding a dog, talking with sentences like "Don't go there!", "Come back!", "Stop!", "That dog will bite you if you go further, come back!". When he is with his cousin, the difference is so obvious. He is socially awkward and tries to do 'extreme' things like running barefoot on the road and other things his mom forbids him whenever she leaves him. His cousin looks way more intelligent than him and can talk with complex sentences with several words and he can even use a computer even though he can't read. His cousin runs from laptops for once getting a spanking after dropping his dad's laptop.
0	You added absolutely nothing to this thread.   Heavens yes!   (
1	I don't mind it, depending on who I'm playing.   The problem with essence reaver, as far as I'm concerned, is it's practicality. Not many champs can use it in a viable way. Classic ADCs should be autoing, and not spamming abilities. AD casters don't really need the lifesteal in most cases, and can just stack a tear>manamune instead.
0	As a shy girl who tried asking guys out: I gave up because nobody I went for wanted me. I started off friends with some of them, asked some of them just upon meeting, met some through friends... It was pointless. For a long while no guy wanted me and I decided to become an aromantic hermit. But then a really great guy asked me out and even though we didn't work out, I got my confidence back and tried asking guys out again. It went a lot better and now I'm with my fantastic boyfriend. But the thing is, I experienced a lot of painful rejection and crippling shyness too. When I was in high school, my best friend and my crush dated for two years. You gotta get past that stuff man, especially before you start asking other people to.
1	Piglet being on the team didn't force them to blind pick a kennen first pick. This game was down hill in champ select when they rushed into picking champs with blaring counters. You don't first pick kennen for the same reason  you don't first pick Katarina. Because the enemy builds a team full of displacements or stuns and your ace in the hole suddenly works FOR the enemy comp.   Edit: What I was trying to get at in the first place is that the next stop on the blame Piglet hype train is going to be how he brings down the morale of the team. I'm just saying that him sitting there on voice comms in the champ select lobby didn't cause TL to pick some of the worst matchups possible. Or give T8 multiple hard counters to choose from.
0	I think people new to seriously study history and look at exactly why slavery is the core issue here. Either that, or simply read the quote from the Confederate vice president literally saying the issue of slavery is the cornerstone of the new government.
1	I only really follow the NA scene, so I'll compose a team from there. Top: TSM's Dyrus Jungle: C9's Meteos Mid: CLG's Link ADC: CLG's Doublelift Support: TSM's Xpecial   Dyrus is easily demotivated, but otherwise he is undoubtably the best, most consistent, and most versatile Top in NA, with a mid-sized champion pool that he is extremely well versed with.   Meteos is a very efficient Jungler, he has a unique style that can be easily predicted, but he doesn't need his hand held and he gets huge during his games.  He is also the primary objective and gank caller, so he is proficient at reading the game.   Mid lane was a hard choice between MandatoryCloud and Link, Mandatory cloud tends to take on a carry role such as Ahri or Karthus, but Link has shown such versatility with his champion pool, as well as being unbelieveably consistent, he damn near never loses lane, he takes the vote with me.  Don't forget that, even though he regularly took on a supporting role and CLG had a losing record, he still was not far off from MandatoryCloud in the total kills.   Doublelift is the obvious choice for ADC, his mechanics are unrivaled by pretty much anyone, but he tends to make silly decisions that either lead to him being a God and making a sick play, or randomly giving the enemy a kill.  This, however, leads to the support pick.   Xpecial and Doublelift have played together before, and afterwards they said nothing but good things about each other.  Xpecial is more willing to go in with/after Doublelift and they synergize well with each other, making the plays Doublelift is known for even more amazing and sucessful.  Xpecial is not the primary playcaller for TSM, but along with Meteos I believe they could work well together and Xpecial could pick up what Meteos doesn't.   Remember, these are all my opinions, feel free to hate, love, or argue to your hearts content.
1	Noob here, but my idea on surge not being used it that it means you can't take a much more useful SS. On a regular AD or AP carry it means you're giving up either flash, ignite, cleanse, exhaust, or heal. The last two are pretty dependent on the champ you're using, but it comes down to the fact that I'm pretty sure most pros wouldn't consider surge (a temporary damage boost) better than a kill confirmed/regen+healing debuff (ignite), a quicksilver sash ability at lvl 1 (cleanse), a free heal at level 1 that scales well by level, and a damage debuff(of all types but true d,g)/slow (exhaust), and of course the super brokenly OP spell, flash.
0	Gonna get buried but throwaway time:   I've been pretty cautious/shy around women for my whole life. Throughout middle school and high school I never had a girlfriend, went on a date or even had a serious conversation with a girl. For some reason I am in college now and had my first creep experience. And it was me. I have never done anything creepy to anyone throughout my school career so this one was completely unintentional. During the first week of Freshman year I was sitting by myself in the dining hall as usual because my social reclusion doesn't only apply to girls. Some poor redhead girl who looked equally as shy sheepishly asked me if someone was sitting at my empty table. I said no and she sat down. I don't remember the entire thing but we ended up, for some reason, showing each other our dorm rooms and spending the rest of the day together. I asking for her number at the end of the night (big mistake) and told her that I didn't really have any friends and if she wanted to do something the next day. She gave me her number and nothing happened the next couple days. I, being the unknowing fool, for the next week would text her asking to do something (which she never responded) and would take regular trips to her dorm to she if she was there, which she never was. I met her one day as I was going to a class and I knew something was wrong. For some reason I thought she liked me and stammered if she wanted to see a movie that night since it was Friday. She awkwardly, but nicely, told me that we couldn't be friends anymore because of my perceived creepiness and that she already had a boyfriend. I apologized and told her she would never see me again and walked away. Looking back at it now I still cringe at the experience and my unintentional creepiness. It has only reaffirmed my cautiousness around girls. I must not be too terribly awkward because my roommate and one of his friends took a liking to me and said I should "go party with them sometime". I sheepishly told them maybe. They insisted that it would be fun and I would "get laid". I still haven't taken up their offer, even though I want to meet a girl. I guess you could say I am waiting for my princess to fall out of the sky and into my lap.........
1	I think it's pretty clear that it's a nerf, as you need more items to deal the same damage (even though those items are a natural part of a standard Ahri build). However, a nerf isn't always bad. Ahri is a very strong AP carry, and she brought a lot to the table as far as damage, CC, and mobility. A damage nerf was in order, and the one that they did was very measured and focused on exactly when her damage was a problem: early game.
1	Gold level adc here - i believe my mechanics are far superior than my knowledge.   Here's what I can suggest..     CS is important     Do not get hit by skillshots - you should always be in position to dodge whatever skill is coming your way, be it an Ahri charm or Naut grab. Try to dodge one more gamechanging skillshot every game.     Know how dangerous each enemy champion is. If they are full of short range tanks like Renekton, you have a bit more leeway in positioning, but if they have something like jungle Kha and Akali mid, make sure you see them engage on your team first before going in.     Know the cooldowns and range of each champion's spells. This is a lot more about feel than actual knowledge, since in team fights there's realistically no way for you to be counting the seconds before Shen's taunt comes back up. This is similar to the last point.. and the earlier point as well.
1	His build wtill stay pretty much the same,he can still Q and E and get out,just because his riftwalk has 3 seconds cd doesnt mean we have to build cdr now,its 2 secs less,enjoy it.   His role is exactly the same,counter ap's mid,he will still be able to R in, Q>E and go out with his shield easy,and riftwalk is ready by then.   Nothing is changed,theres just a bit more counterplay to him since he no longer silences u,but he plays exactly the same,and still very strong  overall.
0	I had an awful Spanish teacher that used to do this when kids weren't paying attention. She would force them to get up and teach the class and then criticize and mock them as they mispronounced the words if they tried. Funny thing was she wasn't a native speaker and often mispronounced words.   My parents are from a Spanish speaking country but I don't look Spanish. So one day  I'm making fun drawings in my notebook and she forces me up to the class. I start reading through the Spanish lesson with ease and perfect pronunciation.   I get to one particular word carrot or "zanahoria". She is already annoyed that this punishment isn't getting to me and corrects me pronouncing it with a distinct "H" sound in the middle. I look at her and say "Anyone that knows Spanish knows the H is silent..." (I was a dick as a kid). So the kids all make that "ohhh" noise when someone gets dissed and she forces me to the office.   My parents had to come in for a conference and she tells them the story and my Mom is like "Well, she was right..." the teacher tells my mother that "School is not about what is right it is about learning to listen to what the teacher teaches".
1	No, you're approaching this with the wrong attitude. You think normals don't matter, your teammate does. But the fact is, neither of you is right. You both need to accept that other players have different expectations.   In this case, the person who says in chat that "its just normals" is in the wrong, because they are intentionally provoking the other person into getting angry. If you didnt say "it's just normals", they can't rage at you for it. (They might rage at your for something else, but at least you're not arming them). And besides, what's the point of saying that you don't care? Do you think you get virtual cool points for not caring? (Sadly, you don't)
0	You seem to assume that anything that can be done using a dictionary is automatically done quickly and/or easily. This is not the case. I've shown you the math for this, but you've disregarded it. Please read what I typed again. Slowly, this time.   I'm comparing a) random letters in a password to b) passwords made up of one or more words.   The examples of b) passwords made up of words, assume that you're  only  checking actual words, hence a "dictionary attack".   If you're doing a dictionary attack, and your dictionary contains 10 thousand words, you'll need to try an average of 5K times before you find the word. This is of course, assuming the word is in there. This is indeed doable, and relatively quick.   If you combine 4 words, which are guaranteed to be in the dictionary you use to attack, you'll still need a maximum of 10,000,000,000,000,000 tries. See how that scales up? Furthermore, that is  not  considering variations or typos. If you make one deliberate typo in one of those words, you'll be trying that many times and  not finding  the password.   Edit:
1	On Nasus and farm champs:   I played 4 games as Nasus today, but I do not claim that what I experienced is in any way proof of one thing or another. I am just stating my thoughts.   I won two games and lost two games. The two where I won I went 9/1 then 13/6. In the two losing games I went 4/5 and 8/11. Four games is not enough to say whether he is good or bad or average because of all the factors in a game. For example, in my 9/1 game the entire team was AD so a basic armor build shut them out.   The main thing I noticed with farm is that its a lot easier to get last hits with Q. I think this is because the champ starts a lot stronger compared to the other modes. If you start with a rank 2 Q and an item like Prospecter's Blade or Sheen, you do most of the minions health in one swing. The waves are smaller but I think they might spawn quicker, or else since the map is so small it feels like there are always minions in lane. Also, pushing creep waves to the tower can help with capture.
1	Am I the only one who thinks this is bullshit? I have recently made the step from Bronze to Silver and most of my games have been more fun closer, more action, better understanding of the game  and less trolls,, granted there are still a few but not as much as I got in bronze, took me 10 games and in promo series already hoping to win this and then see where it takes me from there :)
1	Duoqueue makes it easier to lose actually, I was once placed with unranked people while me and a friend were on our promos 8)  I strongly disagree about the "losing streak = bad" argument, since many exceptional players and even former/current pros go on losing streaks (scarra, qtpie)  Yeah I agree that if you stomp your lane you have to snowball the other lanes as well but then you have to consider the avg win %. I was sitting at 59.8% win rate a week ago and I was always to my promos but then I got this nasty 9 game losing streak where my morale dropped significantly. Your win % just can't be higher than 60-65% in elo hell at least (bronze/silver/gold)
0	We are arguing semantics. I have no interest in creating a bunch of words that represent every single kind of sexuality (Hexapolykindasexual) because that would be impractical. When I say language, I just mean the way we communicate the complexity of the situation. In normal conversation with someone you just met, just say what makes you feel comfortable. No need for a debate, but when someone wants to open a conversation and say "sexuality is simple" I am going to point out that it is not.   If people are asking you which gender you prefer, that means that they are looking for a dichotomy. That in itself proves a lack of understanding. It sounds like they are trying to prove that you are either gay or straight. Your anecdote reveals quite the opposite of what you are suggesting. Is it really that big of a deal that people are ignorant of the complexity of sexuality? No, I am not on a crusade to attack people who disagree with me.   To answer your question, i would say "you are 75% interested in men and 25% interested in women." Why do we even have to have a word for that. We can't come up with words for every possible scenario. It is just fine to say "I am bi." There is nothing wrong with that.
0	Nobody can be on the right side of everything all the time. The biggest problem with this website is that you guys do exactly what Putin talks about in his contribution, you divide the world into "with us" or "against us" regardless of the situation. For once Putin is the only reasonable voice in a complete crapshoot of a situation. Yes, the guy is a reprehensible human being for most of his policies, but his foreign policy is very solid and happens to be standing on the sensible side of a horrible situation.
1	Riot has a contract with the North Pole and unfortunately elves are unreliable and because of global warming their livable habitat is shrinking everyday so with less employees Santa must keep the elves working longer in his workshop so everyone can have a nice Christmas.
0	My ex told me she wanted to be a stay at home mom.  I made enough that we could afford to do it. Since child care would be her entire check each month we opted for her staying at home.  Two months later she asks about getting a maid service because she is tired of cleaning the house.  Funny thing is, she was tired of cleaning our house, not the part time job she was doing cleaning other peoples houses on the weekend.   I made dinner 4-5 nights a week, she wanted a personal chef to take care of breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Sex was non-existent.  She was diagnosed with depression, but since she was breast feeding she refused to take the meds.
0	Don't be ashamed. It's just an opinion. They'll get over it. I'm notorious for my perspective and logic. Just be glad down voters can only do just that. Anymore power and places like this would be boring as hell.
1	I sort of look at the big picture. If I'm the cc I glob people together that would be affected by my sweet moves. If a carry needs peel and the group I'm with is doing well I'll help the carry. Now if I'm a carry I pretty much ignore anybody that's too far away to do anything fantastic. Same thing with the cc, I glob people together and watch the flow of my team. If we pull off a good initiate and don't have to worry about strays then it's game on.
0	No, I litteraly can not, I've tried, but the space between my tieth is so non-existent that when i try, i just saw the flossing wire thingie in two, but no need to worry, i have things to replace the flossing, small thingies to clean the gum between teeth.
0	I am super lucky in the smell department - it's pretty much nonexistent until after a few days when I've been told on multiple occasions I smell quite nice. Your ex is super wrong about the deodorant. I've never had to wear it and only started to a year ago since out helps with razor burn. I still don't put it on every day and there's been no change in my odor (or lack thereof). Maybe if you get the medical grade stuff it might be different, but I think the smell he's thinking of has more to do with age and the changing of people's body than a dependency.
0	The trick is staying up to date while you're young enough to put in the effort and growing into management as you switch from using your in depth knowledge to using your process knowledge.   I studied art & technology, graduated in the early 2000s. Back when I was still in school multi-media cd-roms were still a big thing. Some of my most valuable skills were using Flash and Macromedia Director to make interactive cd-rom experiences.   Then computers and browsers got more sophisticated. My Illustrator, Photoshop and Fireworks skills became more important as you could do more and more cool stuff with websites. For the most part websites were still just pretty pictures you could click on though.   Front end and back end technology became more and more sophisticated. Interface and user interaction design became a much bigger deal. Designers who made "pretty" websites weren't good enough anymore. Designers needed to understand backend systems, content management systems, AJAX style interactive pages in order to design websites that were truly interactive.   Mobile devices became a thing, designers needed to understand how to deal with varying screen sizes, what are you gonna do with a mouse over if you don't have a mouse?   Internet got faster and faster, I stopped designing and coding and started filming and video editing. After Effects seemed so useless years ago but these days everybody wants a flashy video to put on youtube or vimeo.   In the end, everybody starts out thinking in means instead of messages. When you're good at Flash, every problem can be solved by Flash. Eventually you realise that it doesn't matter if you're using Flash, Director, Canvas, Unity or video. All you're doing is trying to get a message or an experience across.   You don't need to know the latest tech anymore, it's even more important than you understand what you're trying to communicate. Finding some kid who knows the ins and outs of the latest tech is easy. People who know the process of crafting a message backwards and forwards while avoiding all the pit falls and those little problems that'll pop up if you forget to address them early, those people are valuable.
1	PSA to all thresh players: if you cast lantern on enemy creeps or the enemies are standing on the lantern, your friends cant click that shit. Toss it a little ahead of your friend or to the side of him
0	I think I can answer a few of you questions. I have never personally been in the top money earners, but I have been blessed to have an uncle who is in the top 1% of earners in the country who took me in after I lost my job and helped me get back in college.   I graduated high school and did a year of college got kicked out of my house due to some of my dads issues, and got a shitty barely above minimum wage job and I was struggling to afford to eat. I then landed a nice 9-5 making a pretty decent living and was pretty darn happy. I had some extra income and could afford some nicer things, not enough to draw attention to myself but enough to be on the very happy end of things.   Fast forward a few years I move in with my uncle who is making over $1M a year running his own business. Let me tell you everybody who has ever even known his name has called and asked for something. He comes home from work miserable 4 out of 5 days a week. It's gotten to the point where he is selling his business and moving out of state with my aunt and never looking back. He lives in a $500k house and drives a brand new Benz and I the only time I've seen him smile in 7 years was when we were at my cousin's 2 bedroom house shooting the shit.
1	Here's my two cents. I've played Fiora 253 games this Season and am currently ranked in Diamond V. Fiora Smite Top Lane only works well in a advantageous match up. Why? Well let's look at the skirmisher's sabre. It costs 750g assuming you didn't start skirmisher's sabre. Additionally, Fiora really needs some form of edge early game in order to snowball into a deadly force. By the time you buy a skirmisher's sabre, you could have bought a pickaxe (Theoretically speaking, 875g is not that far off from 750g) The power edge you get from a Tiamat rush is much bettter than the 150 true damage you get from smiting the enemy champion (proceed with ulting). Furthermore, smite is more geared toward a post-level 6 fight, which shouldn't be your focus. Fiora should be looking for every opportunity to get first blood from the moment she gets level 2.
0	Growing up I had a best friend that I spent all of my time with.  I never really questioned how we became such good friends until after we discovered that we were siblings.  I remember the first time I ever met her.  My mom started babysitting Amy (let's just call her Amy) when I was 9 or 10 and really pushed for us to become friends even though I remember hating girls at the time.  I mean she was at the house everyday and my mom always made sure that we were getting along and having fun.   Fast forward to high school.  We became best friends over the years.  People always joked about how I was whipped, in the friendzone, other things like that.  Everyone just thought that I was waiting on her to come around.  But that wasn't the case at all.  Neither of us had any interest in anyone else other than each other.  It still blows my mind to this day because she was and still is one of the most attractive females I have ever seen and I have always just been an average looking guy.   Amy would come over to the house everyday after school.  We would go out to the city on the weekends after I got a car.  We never made contact with each other and we never discussed how we felt about each other but we always knew.   One night, in the spring of our senior year, Amy and I went pool hoping with a few friends from the neighborhood.  It as cold!  We ran back to my house and climbed back in through the window like we always did.  She started to strip and I wasn't surprised, I had seen her naked many times.  But this night as different.  The vibes were unique to our friendship.   I started to take off my clothes also, to change.  Then we made eye contact and I guess you could say "it was on."   The funny thing about it is that we were both virgins and it was still the wildest sex I have ever had to date.  All the sex that followed was never as good as it as that night.   Things were never awkward after that.  At school and home we acted the same except we would have sex when no one was around.  We never discussed dating or anything but I think that we both knew that we were in a relationship and that was all that mattered.   I asked Amy to prom and she said yes.  My mom wanted to take all of these pictures so I picked up Amy, got "the talk" from her father figure (not her father I will explain), and then went back to my house.  My mom took all of these pictures and made a comment that I will never forget but it had no meaning at the time.  She said, "Seeing you two together after all of these years has made me the happiest mother.  Amy, even though you're not my daughter you've always felt like one."  Then Amy and my mom cried together before we left for prom. We graduated.  That day after all of the lunches with the relatives and after all of my annoying friends left, Amy ended up at my house.  My mom had been in a weird mood all day but I just thought it was because I was graduating.  Late in the afternoon Amy and I returned from somewhere (the gas station I think) and both of our mothers were sitting on the couch.  This wasn't strange but we were told to sit immediately after walking into the house.   We all sat around talking and laughing for a few minutes.  It was a happy conversation.  Then my mom spoke up.  She started to cry as she told us how happy that Amy and I make her.  How our friendship has kept her positive through the years after my father died.   Sorry, reddit I guess now is the best time to tell you that I never met my dad and Amy's dad had also died before she met him.  We always thought this was interesting but we never talked about it.  Ever.  I don't think we saw the point because neither of us had a father.   Back to "the talk."  Amy's mom was pretty silent through all of this.  No tears, no comment, nothing.  Neither of our mothers knew that we had been having sex and pseudo dating.  Then my mom started talking about my dad and said, "When I was pregnant, before your father died I learned that he as seeing another woman.  But I was never able to figure out who she was and after your father died I really didn't care anymore."   The conversation got a little serious at this point and I didn't really understand the purpose.  She continued for a few minute talking about my dad and then said, "It wasn't until last summer that Carrie (We will call Amy's mom) and I discovered that we had both dated your father before the two of you were born."   I remember responding with "That's kind of weird or something like that."  And then it hit me.  I looked over at Amy and she had the most horrified face that I have ever seen.  The worse part is that she looked mad at me. My mom continued to explain for a moment before saying, "Carrie and I believe that you two are brother and sister."   Amy asked, "How can you be sure?"   Then my mom pulled out two letters.  One addressed to her and the other to Carrie.  And she said, "These are from your father."   Amy started to cry.  She always cried the same growing up and I never saw her cry like this.  She was shaking and turning extremely red.  I think he was even having trouble breathing.  My mom and Carrie tried to consult her before she ran out.   They ended up following her.  It was just me in an empty room with two twenty year old letters.  I snatched up the one written to my mom.  I read it.  My dad confessed to seeing another woman and getting her pregnant as well (I am just a few weeks older).  My dad said that he wanted to do the right thing and be there for both of his kids and that he understand the ramifications of his actions.  Then I read Carrie's letter.  It was short and my father explained that he made an error in judgment but he was not going to leave Carrie alone.  He wanted to raise his child with her as well.   After reading these I was shocked.  I just sat there for hours until my mom finally came home.  I didn't know what to say to Amy, or if I could even ay anything to her.  I sat there for hours talking to my mom about dad and Amy.   Two days later Amy called and she wanted to talk.  She came over and we laid in bed all day just talking like always.  She told me how much she loved me and that she always saw a future with us.  It was a bummer.  I was heartbroken because I was getting dumbed but I couldn't fight it because I didn't know how I felt.  Even after we talked about everything she never left.  Not a single day passed that summer that she wasn't with me. There was still a lot of physical attraction and we acted on it often.  Sometimes we would laugh afterwards, sometimes we would cry and discuss society and how no one would understand.   It was the best summer of my life.  But then she left.   We talked about going to the same college.  We both applied and got in.  I was ready to go and so was she.  The night we were set to leave she arrived with no bags, none of her things, just a letter.  She handed it to me and walked away.  I tried to stop her to figure out what was going on but she didn't say a word.  I walked with her all the way back to her house trying to get her to speak but she wouldn't.   We reached her door, she grabbed my hand and just said, "Remember that month that we binged watch the first few seasons of One Tree Hill?"   I nodded.  This would have been freshman year of high school.  She hated One Tree Hill and made so much fun of me for liking I but she always sat there with me anyways.   She continued, "That's when I fell in love with you."  She kissed me and walked inside.   I walked home heartbroken and confused.  I was supposed to leave for college the next day and I didn't know if I even wanted to.   The next day came.  I decided that I was leaving but I wanted to say bye to Amy so I went to her house.  She had already left and Carrie asked why Amy didn't tell me she was leaving for a school that I had no idea she applied to.  I had no clue.   I didn't read Amy's letter until that night.  I have had a rough time since then.  She has also.  We have spoken since.  Rarely, about us but mostly about wanting to see each other and move back home.   Originally, this post was meant to be comical but halfway through it I realized that I wasn't laughing.  I miss her.  Now I don't know if I want to post this and where I should if.
1	Well, I would love to continue this conversation with you if you could wrap your head around the idea of "trolling a little bit" but I have a feeling you're just going to troll me by shooting down whatever I have to say.   For the off chance that you are actually reading and trying to understand this then here's my reason behind my troll actions.   First of all, I don't play LoL alone, I just don't.  I play with friends and family.  Just like in real life you would play little pranks with your friends and family, I do so in a game of LoL as well.  I see my brother walking from top lane to bot for a large wave of minions? I'll teleport in when he's 70% of the way to steal it all just in time for him to catch the last 1 or 2.  Would I do it if he said "hey, I need 400g for my next item"? probably not, but things like these makes me laugh... way harder than it should.
1	The important part in looking into old meta-game is knowing that they weren't even as much of a meta as they were a flavor of the month. I've been playing since release and I can tell you it went down a little something like this.   First, people were awful at using mages because that required using skills, auto-attacking was just easier. It wasn't uncommon to see full 5 man team of all B.F. Sword item builds with not a single tank item. Once people found out how squishy teams like this actually were, AoE meta popped in. Characters with huge AoE ults were ridiculous (amumu, nunu, fiddlesticks, kennen) because they would demolish a team of squishies. This transferred into the horrible times of tank meta. Alistar Garren Mordekaiser Singed Pantheon teams were unbeatable. If they could survive the opposing teams huge AoE burst, they would win. Sunfire capes used to stack in damage, so it would be very common to see 7+ sunfires on a team, even worse that shaco would have the sunfires from his clone and his clone got a fresh guardian angel every time Hallucinate was popped whether or not the real shaco had his GA up. Riot took the nerf bad and beat tank items and characters until the structured meta that we see today started to form. CS started to be a big thing, because people were getting better at not dying and everyone needed a source of income because people weren't going 10/0/5 by 6:00.   At one time, junglers were looked at as being bad or a handicap for the team. Top or Bottom (yes, double top and solo bottom would happen) would get destroyed 2v1 because it was "kill kill kill" mentality.   The very first lane tactic that I remember was splitting the ranged. If your team didn't have 3 ranged (one in each lane) you guys were total noobs and were about to get stomped.   EDIT:
1	That's the unfortunate part about society.  If you stray from the norm, you are sanctioned for it to make you conform.  Sanctioning others is subconsciously beaten into us by culture.  It was the same case for racism in the early and mid 1900s.
0	Before I can say that I believe you and offer my advice (which would be to tell the school counselor, or in another case: the police) I would like to know why you created a reddit account just for this confession. I wonder if you even check it, and so far as I can see, you only responded to ONE comment, which was the most negative comment, calling your situation bullshit.
0	I work with an atypical Mormon, I guess. He drinks soda. That's kind of his drug of choice. He limits himself, though. Him and his family do not dress a certain way. He curses like a sailor and talks about railing his wife all the time. His wife was actually Jewish before she converted. He's also into heavy rock, which features some very un Mormon lyrical topics.   He does go to church for hours every Sunday. His wife is his only partner ever, and they abstained til marriage. Basically, he is the opposite of an extreme Mormon, but still very faithful to his religion and church.   It's funny, we have guys night out where a few co workers will hang out after work then see an action flick. We all smoke and drink, but Mormon dude just chills with us without partaking. We're all pretty sure he got a contact buzz one time. Good stuff. Great guy, though.
1	I have this every time I boot up my computer. It's really annoying, but extremely useful if I need to go some place.   Gonna be on the road for more then 2 hours? Start up my computer, take a leak, turn off computer and go!
1	OP really wants a 10 second
0	you could definitely be more empathetic here.  do you think your brother wanted to piss on your couch? judging by how you are still raging, I probably would have left, too.
0	For as long as I can remember my mom has had a feud with our neighbor.  To this day we are not sure who started it.  My mom swears she saw him tossing his golden retrievers shit over the fence into our yard.   He claims it was her (Which is weird cause I was the one on Poo duty). This went on for a few years.   It all culminated one day,  she was working in her garden next to the fence and next thing she knows poo just starts raining over her.  She freaks out and starts yelling at him and throwing a pile of compost back.  They start fighting and he gets his hose and starts spraying her.  Finally they both come to their sense and realize they are having poop fight and go inside.  To this day they have never spoken about it.  I won in the end tho.  Took his youngest daughter's virginity on his water bed.
0	NBC, the station who is broadcasting the Olympic games in the US, will show a 2-3 minute video piece with interviews on an olympic athlete focusing on their struggle or an inspirational moment in their life right before they compete. And then sometimes they lose and NBC will focus on their disappointment and how awful they did right after they made you fall in love with the athlete.
1	Honestly some people are going to tell you to try to carry the game with "carry" champs or "practice more". After climbing to high plat on multiple accounts the one thing i'm sure of is that every low elo player underestimates the power of TEAMWORK. I know this is the cheesy answer and it's easier said than done, but one day you will look back when you're gold/plat and realize the insane amounts of selfish decisions you made at low elo and how they seemed like a good idea at the time but in reality they cause you to lose.   When you are playing try to consciously think of what you should be doing as a TEAM! Always act as a team, try not to react to the other team (especially when you are ahead).   Also I realize that a lot of the time it's hard to work as a team when your teammates don't want to, but if you personally work on it, that's the biggest thing to set you apart from other low elo players, and mechanics are important too but that just comes with time.   Sorry if this post is really sloppily formatted I just threw it together real quick, hope I could help.
0	Honestly if the student got sick over it, I don't see a reason the teacher wouldn't be liable. Given that they work for the school. Although it could be something in the student hand-book that says you are an adult now and anything faculty gives you is your responsibility. But given that you need to sign a release saying you won't eat the walls of older houses when you rent them, I kind of doubt the general handbook can cover this kind of thing legally.
1	I don't know if anyone has mentioned it already but the link at the end of the video to the
1	Not exactly me, but my housemate does that.  He studies engineering as I do, but is way less willing to spend the time I spend on league and thus just watches Lcs(In his case CBLOL -  the Brazilian lcs).   He also got that rusty ass laptop he doesn't bother cleaning up so he just lags every now and then.
0	I disagree.  How many addicts do you know personally?   Has addiction touched your life?  It is easier to write people off as weak and subhuman than to put yourself in their place and have empathy.   I came from nothing.   My dad is an alcoholic,  my family is poor.  I put myself through college.   I have a good life now, a good job.  But I know that things could have gone differently for me.   My life could have gone in a different direction.  I can drink in moderation.  For that gift I am so grateful.   As messed up as my home life was it's a cake walk compared to what others have to go through.   You can judge those people and dismiss them.  I think it's better to see their worth as people and find ways to lift them up, get them to a better place.   A healthy person is more likely to contribute to society.
1	I hate the people who play this game."   Then leave this sub-reddit?   Edit: Hate is a deep and emotional extreme dislike, directed against a certain object or class of objects. Class of objects as in "LoL Community", and we are part of it. Why would he want to communicate with people he wishes to destroy? Seriously, if you don't know about the meaning of "hate", don't use it, especially if you don't even know the objects you dislike. I'd like to bring a certain standard to the internet and keep the term "hate" for sarcasm, where it belongs.   And to state my opinion on the topic: If you don't know your lane-mate, play safe. Farming gives you gold the safest way possible, and relying on someone you never played with before to get a possible advantage that can backfire horribly, then leave it and just farm. If you seem to be able to kill one of them, more often than not their jungler appears and your commitment is in vain. If you farm at the enemy turret, you are vulnerable and vice versa. I don't know how good you are, but the advise to value a possible advantage over safe farm in solo queue is highly irritating.
1	Personally I don't think yours is the best piece, it's really solid but not the best.     Concept wise it's 6/10 (overdone to the extreme triangle not a really good hook; not bringing anything "new")     Technical skill 7/10 (really solid forms and such some mistakes which I'll expand upon)     Coloring/lighting 8/10 (really good but some errors in shading and refinement. Background is really sweet though)       Where it falls apart for me are the forms and the expressions; the expressions just kill.   None of it really fits in the scene. It's a chase and they are stalled/stopped/stunned by the flame chompers. their forms don't suggest it as well/much as they can/should have.   The forms are almost there but cait's body looks horribly out of proportion mainly because of how you made her tilt behind vi (not sure if that is the correct angle). Vi's right hand blocks most of her so you get the look of her top being pudgy and wrong and her legs/butt being massive. Better positioning/better edge-refining would have helped differentiate planes and distance.   It really boils down to you not spending enough time learning proper forms and expressions combined with spacial issues. It's really close but the errors that are there are just really bad :/
0	When I was about the same age, my sister and I were watching TV in my Grandmother's house in what was deteriorating Gary, Indiana. Whenever I went there, I would play with my Uncle's old toy guns which he played with as a kid. Well one year, I found one of these guns hidden behind a pillow where my grandmother had slept. I thought nothing of it and playfully pointed it at my sister who was watching TV. I suddenly noticed the weight of this one was heavier and it sounded like there was a lot more metal clanking around than the ones I had previously played with. I brought it to my mom and she started freaking out about finding the "hidden guns" around the house. I froze up on the spot realizing I had almost killed my sister. She didn't even turn around the whole time. I remember it like it was yesterday, even though it is ~15 years later.   All I have to say to OP is: Treat your sister well. What happened, happened. Go hug her and be glad she is still there to hug. Something much worse could have taken place that day.
1	Don't do it. HoN is so terrible that you can barely stand it. They just copied LoL then added all this weird shit like replays, advanced stat tracking, and items that do some funky shit. The first time you realize that you can view the stats of every match you have ever played and download a replay that is viewable from any angle, you will cry when you realize just how dog shit terrible you are.   Also, the maps are super limited. They don't have anything that can compete with LoL's magma chamber (Q4 2011). I mean, they released some bullshit map editor or something, but I prefer the excitement of LoL's fictional maps. After all, satisfaction is the death of desire! Can't believe those suckers at S2 wasted 1/2 of Magma Chambers development time on a program that can make Magma Chamber.   Also, the community is TERRIBLE. There's no automatic system to punish leavers, they don't actively post how many users have been banned, and people get MAD! They also have a community manager who is a dick and actively trolls the official forums. Wait, what game were we talking about again?
0	Not even joking. This happened to me last year.  I was just getting back to my place with my gf at the time.  I'm on the first floor of the apartment complex so I walk in through my patio door. Then, I notice some light coming from the kitchen and I notice that my front door is cracked open.  after searching the rooms with a giant knife in hand and checking to see what was missing, I found that everything was exactly how I left it.  Not one thing seemed to be moved or touched.  I called the police and they sent a few cops over.  I felt silly because nothing had been stolen, but I wasn't feeling very safe and didn't really know what else to do.  Once they come over and ask us some questions, we find out that my gf, when she had gotten the pizza we had for dinner from the pizza guy, didn't deadbolt the door but only turned the knob lock.  The police gave her a hard time about this because it appeared that the intruders had simply stuck a crowbar or something similar in the door and pryed it open.  In conclusion, lock your deadbolts, iPads are scumbag Christians and autocorrect pryed to prayed, and fuck raccoons.
0	Not the same trait at all.  While smoking is a way of damaging health and the lungs what he is talking about it vastly different.  He speaks of dedication to exercise and eating right (possibly).  Smoking dosn't make you fat and if you exercise regularly you won't notice the lung capacity issue for a long time.
1	Evo is still around. Atlanta left mTw.na because he didn't like top lane after Balls switched to ad carry, so they were trying new people out. Aphromoo left TSM.evo because he thought the team (except for Wingsofdeathx) were taking practice seriously enough. So, mTw.na picked up Aphromoo, with Balls going back to top lane. Around while this was going on TD kicked Nintendudex and picked up Atlanta as their new jungler.   But then TSM.evo needed a new ad carry, so they picked up DontMashMe, who left Monomaniac, which was pretty much a sinking ship after Patoy left to be the support for Dignitas (who needed a new support after cutting L0cust after their poor OGN Summer performance).
0	Honestly... lots of the teachers I knew were/are scared to stand up and say something.  Hell, it took me a year before I could finally say something when I knew a kid was getting picked on.  I was terrified, scared of parents, scared of administration reprimands, scared of losing my job because the bully makes a fuss.  Also, scared of the bully.  If the kid has the balls to call someone a fag in the middle of class, what would the do to the teacher?  Man, some things that students have said to me made me go home and drink myself into a stupor.  It's finding that fine line of when you need to intervene and when you need to let the kid learn for themselves.   I would love to step into this whole thing and say the same things as you.  I honestly never did allow that kind of language in my classroom.  But name calling happens and one can't always police the entire school or classroom.  I've always felt that students seem to think of teachers as infallible, then get frustrated when they turn out to be normal people.  Yes there are bad teachers.  Yes (at least in the US) you'll probably get more mediocre or poor teachers than good ones. I know that I've let things go that I shouldn't have.  Why? I dunno, it was a bad choice.  If a kid asked me specifically to help would I? You bet your ass.
1	While I am not Ryan, I thought I share my perspective of this issue. Me and many other way more hardworking GP10 writers love the fact we are able to post without restraint. However, it appears that as the site has grown in popularity some restraints need to be put in place.   I believe in Ryan's philsophy that its a "open to all" posting site. That does not however tolerate personal attacks. When you post something harming such as this it doesn't just hurt Brayll but all the other writers on GP10. If you wanted to be funny, make it a thread but GP10 is not intended to be some sort of joke. Many writers put in a lot of time for their works and it shouldn't be lumped in the average "meme"   In the future, I hope Ryan and some others from GP10 can prevent this. I've always been appericate of Ryan and what he's done for upcoming writers. Whoever wrote this should be ashamed, you are not just hurting 1 person but an entire community of hardworking people.
0	Well it's like Teddy Roosevelt's Bull Moose party during the election of 1912. Assuming exactly half of everyone is Republican and the other half Democrat, Roosevelt, a Republican, runs against Taft, Republican also, and Woodrow Wilson, a Democrat. People identifying as Republican now had two candidates to vote for, so it divides up (hypothetically of course) as Roosevelt getting 25%, Taft getting 25% and Wilson gets the other 50%.   If the third party has more liberal policies, than the Republican party gets the election, if it has more conservative policies, than the Democrats get the election.
0	Almost literally all of that was bullshit.   First, most people have dynamic public facing IPs, and second, virtually no routers are so fundamentally insecure as to show the local address to remote hosts.   I'm going to explain for you;   You have the local address, which is always IPv4. Most routers that aren't using isolation assign addresses in the 192.168.1 block unless specifically configured otherwise. The four numbers seperated by dots each go up to 255, because each of them is a 1 byte number, with 1 byte having 256 possible values. So if your IP is 192.168.1.4, the router understands this as 0b11000000-0b10101000-0b00000001-0b00000100. The lowest value is typically reserved for the router, i.e. 0b11000000-0b10101000-0b00000001-0b00000001.   Second, the fact that the router has the mac address of your computer is  the very reason why  you don't need to have a public IP for each device. This is why DHCP was invented, so that the router (so called because it routes all the data) could receive packets and route them to the correct machine.   Also, MAC address spoofing is not in any way illegal, so I have no idea where you got that from.   And, HTTP header packets contain neither the computers local address, nor it's mac address. If you'd ever used a packet sniffer you would know that. Take a look at [this packet]( it contains routing information,  then  the data to be routed, i.e. the header information and HTTP request. The local address and MAC are never sent to the external server. Even a novice coder, like a web designer, would know that much.   Another thing, you're wrong about how upvotes work too. You can absoutely upvote something from the same IP address, I've upvoted my friends' comments many a time while we were using the same router. A look at [how reddit filters upvotes]( completely disproves that point.
1	I play Jax slightly differently than most people, but it works pretty well.   Runes:   Dodge yellows are a must. I had health quints for early game, but I'm switching to Dodge as well. MR blues, as he is really squishy to casters, especially early. I prefer flat MR to scaling, because they are most important early game. I prefer arPen reds, though AD will also work.   Masteries:   [21/9/0](   Summoners:   I always go Flash/Ignite. I've seen Flash/Exaust, but don't really like it myself.   Skills:   Leveling your skills depends on the game. If you play 3v3 and teamfight at level 1, then get E. It doesn't proc as well at level 1, but if you get it, it will help you win that first fight. In 5v5s, its usually best to start with Q. Then grab a point in W, then E. Level W. Always level W.   Note on jump: Do not rely on Q to do lots of damage, especially with the recent nerf. I use it to close the gap on your opponent or run away. When attacking with Q, always, ALWAYS, use W before the jump. That's how you do damage, as it applies to your jump damage.   Build:   I almost always start Vamp Scepter. If you're going to 2v1, don't get it. Start cloth armor and health pots instead. Always get Ninja Tabi ASAP. Besides its other stats, it will help proc your stun. Next, I rush Hextech Gunblade. USE ITS ACTIVE! With Flash/Gunblade/Jump/Stun, you can can chase down just about any kill. (Note when buying Gunblade: get the Cutlass first for its active.) Next, I go Black Cleaver. With that AD and AS you become extremely deadly.   You should be able to 1v1 almost anyone at this point. Yes, ANYONE. Spam your stun like your life depends on it (since, well, it does). The lifesteal/spellvamp from your Gunblade, plus your dodge and stun, will keep you alive, even if it looks like you're going to lose the fight.   If you haven't noticed yet, I don't have a Rageblade. You can get it later, but I don't. You may have also noticed that this build if fucking expensive. You NEED to farm. I tend to have trouble sometimes with farm early game, and it really hurts. Until you get the passive on your R, its can be really tough. And once you get it, you tend to push lanes real quick. Try not to use the triple hit to farm, stick with W.   Other viable items:   You need to be good at improvising items!   Good items: BF Sword items (IE > Bloodthirster, IMO), Bloodrazor (for tanks or soloing Baron), Ryali's (the extra slow plus your Gunblade active will help you chase dawn every single kill), BV (good when they are magic heavy), GA (if you get focused in teamfights).   Situational items: Tiamat (I've heard people give Tiamat a lot of shit, but when you have 300+ AD in teamfights you're doing 150 dam to everyone else), Trinity Force (ONLY IF YOU'RE FED! It's too expensive with your other items. Only get it if you finish your core and have cash to spare)   Extra tips:   Take Dragon/Baron whenever you can! You can always solo Baron by 18. Note the time they will be back up in chat and be there every time they respawn.   Get red buff often, unless another teammate can use it better.   Help get your casters blue! With your help, they can have it in a matter of seconds and you can both get right back in the fight.
1	Well you'll see that as soon as the tower push is over (due to recalls) team's tend to prepare for drag. Drag's value usually hasn't gone up appreciably from the start either.   So the reasoning behind the 4v0, i feel, is more due to a  need  to invade to come out even with the other team. Then what  used to happen is top would go top (from blue side perspective) to try to soak as much exp as possible while his tower got raped. Teams then realized, why not bring him bot for more push potential? And then the 4v0 was born from the 3v1. The 3v1 came from teams realizing the power of sending jungle to help the duo lane in a 2v1 lane swap. And the 2v1 was born of reduction in drag value. I do think youre right though that they should address the risk-reward of drag control and tower pushing.
1	Winning a Cup" and "Getting Fired" are two very different things. And yes, single elimination tournament is by no means perfect.   World cup also pays for every single win. So the other teams get at least some sort of condolence prize, not punishment. Also, it's also way less random.   In a soccer game, there are 11 players in each team in a way bigger play ground. You can take over a minute while in the game, depending on your position, to just get yourself together. And even if you make a mistake, there's 10 more players on a team to close the slightest gap.   Oh, and if you can't really get yourself together, there's always the coach, to decide you don't perform as you should and substitudes you.   And more importantly, both teams kind of have similiarly strong database of other team's play. Which is a big game changer in the case of LCS.   However, due to the random nature of LoL, We all know that even the switching the placement of picks can cost games in pro level. So it's actually quite random. A LOT more random than a soccer game. You can say RM will beat a team who places last easily 90% of the time. You can't say Gambit will beat Giants 90% of the time.   So, What I'm saying is, Riot can't really use a tournament system that's like soccer. LCS needs some sort of a system to reduce "luck". The League system at first seemed good due to the reason that it's a new game everyweek, you can have practice with subs to use them in games etc. But then, I learned about the play-offs sending 2 more teams to the relegation matches. Which is quite random and dumb.   The relegation system itself, is also quite random and dumb.   PS: All being said, I've seen single elimination causing problems even in soccer quite a lot. Hell, I can't remember the count of random games lost by refs missing offsides, penalties... Do you eremember the "Hand of God"? That won a whole 1st place to Argentina, although the other goal was to this day best thing ever, that's some undeserved win right there.
0	This made me actually laugh. I just got my second job in food service working at a restaurant in a very upper-class city in my state. I work up front as a server, runner, busser, what have you. And I've gotten close with many of the back staff. So we close at 9:30 Sun-Thursday. This particular instance happened 2 days ago on a Wednesday which also happened to be the last day of my school districts year. The time? 9:29. I am literally putting the key in the door when a family of 10 walks in. "Ma'am? Are you still open?" A man asks. "Uh. Yeah." I respond, before pulling a U-turn to tell the back that orders are coming in. Not only did this family proceed to stay until 10:45 (we are not allowed to tell our guests to leave even after closing). They forced me to brew more tea, meaning I had to reclean all my tea urns (bonus if you guess where I work). I was unable to perform any closing duties because our company requires us to remain "open" in the front as long as a guest is present. Another family came in at 9:35. They stayed until 11. Then they all loitered together outside my restaurant until I finally got to leave at 11:30-12:00.
0	When I was in 9th grade, I went to see my little sister in a play at her middle school. Before the lights went down, I noticed that there was a large group of teenage boys sitting together talking rather loudly and saying rude things about how theater was stupid, etc. I thought this was absolutely retarded and I was getting pretty mad but I let it slide. Then they started playing the "penis" game. I was furious that they should be here disrespecting all of the kids who put in so much work to perform this show and also all the parents and friends who were actually there to support/enjoy the performance. I couldn't take it anymore and I stood up to go over and bitch them the fuck out, but just then the house lights came down and they shut up.   When I complained about this immaturity to my peers, they said "How can you pick on them, you were in eighth grade just last year!"   Ok yeah, but I never played the penis game ESPECIALLY in such a disrespectful setting as that. To this day I wish I had actually taught them a lesson.
1	Tried this, uninstalled my LOLReplay, installed LOLReplay-0.8.1 and instantly after that LOLReplay-0.8.1.2, didn't work for me - did I do anything wrong? o.O
0	It could be a mix of a million different things dude, some within your control and some not.  It probably had nothing to do with something you did, women can be kinda crazy sometimes...   Maybe she was just looking for the attention when you got her number.   Maybe she was thinking about a terrible ex when you called and decided not to go through that again.   Maybe she liked how nice you were but didn't want the responsibility of being nice back, or feeling guilty if she didn't perceive herself as being nice enough back. (This is a big one)   Maybe she's an evil person.   Maybe she's a lesbian and doesn't want to admit it to herself yet.   The point is that it doesn't matter, but it's most likely something that she thought would be wrong with the situation that probably has nothing at all to do with reality. All you can do is be friendly, confident, and fun. You are going to do such and such that sounds really awesome and if she wants to join in, cool. If not, that's cool too!   Way to get her number though! That's a difficult step at first but it gets easier. Just keep practicing that confidence, there are a lot of really cool chicks out there mixed in with all of the crazies!
1	If you are a flamer you totally deserve this in any case. A flamer on a team is a bigger disadvantage than one that only can make 5 comments in the game. Although player can often think for themselfes, so you don't always have to command them. And if you want to, you can still ping.
0	I had a similar experience, but this time as a Mormon Missionary (an ordained ministerial position in the LDS religion). I was in a lesson for people investigating the religion as well as people who had recently converted to the religion. The conversation was a heated "adoption bashing" conversation that boiled down to "how could you ever give up your child, that makes you a terrible person". I looked over at one of the congregations "assistant pastors" (actually a counselor to the bishop, but I'm trying to use the non LDS based vernacular). Anyways I raised my hand, when the person leading the discussion, and sadly one of the main people dissing adoption, called upon me I stated that I was adopted, that I love my parents, and that I believe that the best thing my birth mother did for me was give me to my parents. After the people who had heretofore been insulting adoption had to basically either argue with one of the ministers of the religion, or realize that they were missing the point to adoption. I was later thanked for standing up by the assistant pastor. When people are doing things like this you just have to stand your ground.
0	Just as divisive as Europe'?   So you linekd to a map with the subtitle "Provinces and territories with same-sex marriage before its nationwide legalization on July 20, 2005"   So green = has had same sex marriage for more than 8 years, grey = for  8 years.   Whereas Europe varies from "completely legal" to "no recognition of same sex couples, not even defacto", which contrasts VERY strongly to " In 1999, after the court case M. v. H., the Supreme Court of Canada declared that same-sex partners must also be extended the rights and benefits of common-law relationships."
1	Well eventually the soviets made it a puppet state. Some stuff changed, they made sure the government was under their control, did their usual communist thing and had the pdpa promote state atheistm but nothing that turned it into the shithole it is today. Then they left.. +-4 years later it became an Islamic state. The Taliban formed  (they were invited to join the elections at one point but supposedly did not believe in the democratic system) and eventually took over the country, massacred the previous government with support from Pakistan, Saoudi Arabia and Al Qaida and so on and made it the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan. (at least the part they captured. There was still a bit under control by the so called Northern Alliance)
0	So, first, more power to you. You are being successful, keep saying that. You might say you are 'trying' but you aren't: if you are tracking your points, you aren't 'trying', you are 'DOING', okay?   Second, please be careful to not deprive yourself. That is the way to fall off the wagon. If you want a sweet treat, go get it! Then, track it and figure out how little points you have left. It's okay to feel panicky and upset that you are going to have a tough time staying on target, what you are doing is training your brain to make choices, to understand the trade-off. Sure, you can eat a candy bar, but that means the dinner you had planned is too large now, so you have to cut some portions in half. When your tummy is grumbling at 10 pm, think to yourself "Was that candy bar worth it? Should I have cut it in half instead?"   Third: Go to the meetings. Men tend to use the e-tools, and that's cool, but go to the meetings. The correlation between ultimate success on the program and meeting attendance is extremely high, the topics are often quite useful and you may find a bro in the meeting and you guys can compare notes on what is working and what is tricky. You don't have to do this alone!   Fourth: You are negotiating TWO major life changes at once, please be aware of that! You are transitioning yourself to a new you, with a new relationship to food However, the wife is going through the same things, and physiology/psychology/our culture tends to make things a bit harder for the ladies. Your relationship to her is ALSO changing, it's not a bad thing but be aware its not static.   If I may suggest some do's and don'ts:  Don't nag her about tracking or compliance. Do lead by example.  Don't lie about food, to yourself or her! Do help bring home healthy snacks and smart choices to put on the counter and in the pantry. Don't whine about only have 49 points, when she has 32. Do sympathize when she has a tough day. Don't expect super-dramatic weight loss for either of you. Do embrace and celebrate your successes and hers! Don't miss out on this bonding opportunity. Do use this time to add other healthy ideas and habits to your lifestyle (karate, walking/hiking, tennis, whatev)   Wow, didn't mean to sound so preachy, but its rare there is a topic on reddit I can contribute to.
1	I get that Rito doesn't want to balance the game around URF, however I have one word to counter that argument: DON'T. It's a game mode strictly for fun and some children want to just play to win and complain that everyone is OP, what these babies don't get it that everyone IS supposed to be OP. Some of us want URF to return because we want try all of the possibilites all of the champions, summoner spells, items, etc.
1	You're thinking about ranked the wrong way. You don't need to "carry" every game, you just need to "outplay" the person playing your corresponding role. In the long run you'll gain elo if you're better than the people around you, because if you get people on your team who are "bad"/feed/dc etc, your opponents will have the same chance of getting it too (in fact, they might get a better chance of getting "worse" players, or someone who'll dc if you know you won't / know you're better than them).
1	I can relate to this because im low mmr (gold 1/plat 3) and i was stuck in bronze for a long time but when i made it to silver i went to gold almost immediately(2 weeks) the thing that did it for me was playing jungle nunu/udyr and taking the first 3 dragons alone you can pull it off almost 80%, in gold 1 is not as effective but believe me, nobody fucking wards in silver and you can even press tab to check if the support even gives a crap about sight but i can assure you if you just keep playing you eventually become good enough if you try instead of blaming your team you can also learn the game by playing a lot the same champs over and over again and learn to in a way, exploit the game.
0	You may need to learn how to convey your views a little better to someone that doesn't share them.   Yeah, however sometimes it is their problem not mine. I base a lot of my reasoning on the philosophy behind proper hypothesis testing for example. I've tried to help some really smart folks help undergrads in chemical engineering understand proper statistical and probabilistic reasoning and it doesn't work the greatest. Pretty much everyone seems to hate statistics and even the dumbest of those kids is typically much smarter than the average non-engineer. This helps lead folks to make shitty inferences from insignificant experience or a complete lack thereof.   >Many of my friends enjoy asking my perspective on things because they understand that I usually have a different take than the tv will give. Try not to sound like such a douche and maybe they won't think you are a psychopath.   Most of my friends recognize I am smart and have had different experiences than they've had, like getting victimized by some stupid mexicans in a wanna be gang and re-victimized by the cops shortly after. I think their biggest problem is the different take than TV. They like the TV. The warm safety of its political correctness is comforting I think. They freak out when I am cool killing people not just to protect my life, but my liberty or property as well. For example, allegedly my TV shouldn't be worth more than some evil jackasses life. Even if I am tactful and explain how life, liberty, and property are interconnected, that without one of the three the other two are meaningless, it doesn't matter. Even if I refrain from talking about how I'd shoot the bad guy stealing my TV in the head and skull fuck the brain hole, it doesn't matter.
0	So the iPhone isn't overpriced? You state that the GS4 you just bought was only $30 cheaper than the 5S. If you compare the features however you would notice that you are getting more for your money..  Comparing the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 5, I don't believe that there is enough of an upgrade to justify the price, nor enough features, Apple charges the amount they do not because they have a great product but because they have great marketing and people will buy it.
1	As a shot caller you have to have a game plan. You need to know what you'd do in certain situations BEFORE they actually happen. That way you aren't fishing for ideas during the game itself and you can make snap judgments on the fly. There shouldn't be ANY questions going into the game what your plan as a team is.   Before the game starts, what's your level 1 strat? Based on the match-ups, what lanes are you going to focus? Which lanes are you going to push first? What towers are you going to focus? What's the game plan when all the outer turrets are down? How do you as a team control their jungler to push inner turrets? Who gets oracles?   As a shot caller, it's less about coming up with a strategy on the fly (which you'll have to do sometimes) and more about reminding your team about the strategy you have already discussed and agreed upon and getting them to do it. Shot calling is more about "Team Map Awareness". If you have two outer turrets down and you know you want to push the third, tell your team where to go to do that. If the other team is chasing, instead of getting the third outer tell your team to just push right up the gut and get an inhib. That's shot calling.   But again, it all starts with a plan. As a jungler in solo-Q, here's my gameplan outline that helps me be the shot caller and strategizer for my teams. It's amazing how well this helps me win ladder games.     Find which lane is winning the hardest. Focus the shit out of that lane, snowball it, and take the tower.   Roam with the won lane and take the next tower, usually mid.   As a team take the third outer turret.   Once you have all outers, I usually pick up oracles and as a team we ward and take control of their jungle.    Once we have full jungle control, begin moving as a team to catch them out of position and push inner turrets.   Once all inner turrets are down, continue to control their jungle. Siege an inhib turret if your team comp allows it. Otherwise wait to have a numbers advantage or try to force an objective and win a teamfight away from the inhib tower. If you're way ahead, consider diving. Take the inhib.   Once you have an inhib down it's all a patient game to win. Push another lane and let the super minions push. Once they have to defend that lane, win the 4v5 or 3v5 and take another inhib.    Rinse, repeat, win. You shouldn't lose games where you have two inhibs down.     Play with urgency, control objectives, control vision. As a shot caller, it's your job to memorize that formula and let your team know when it's time to do what. That's the basis of shot calling. Keeping your team on track. Once you get better at it, you can make more snap judgments about baron, fast pushing, etc.
0	I just purchased my first house and inittially was uppity about using high ply toilet paper. After clogging up my toilet and almost having to call the plumber, I quickly lowered the grade of toilet paper and use less.
0	keeping donald sterling is bad for overall NBA bussiness. it's all about the money. if what he did did not have the potential to impact NBA revenues, the penalty would not have been that extreme. but if the NBA did not react the way it did, this could have turned off a lot of people from watching the NBA, even boycotting it causing them to lose a lot of money. this is a very calculated move by the nba to protect their revenue. all owners are unted in going against sterling as they all want to protect the bottom line. it's different with players, fans see players more as individuals, but an owner... they somewhat represents the whole league. players commiting crimes do not have the potential to impact NBA earnings as much as what sterling did.   the NBA may come off as doing the right thing here, but in the end, it's all about protecting their money. which is not so bad as it's like hitting two brids with one stone- protecting their revenues while coming off as doing the right thing.
1	Also why is everyone talking about dodging like it has the same effect as intentionally losing? Do people not understand how the LoL's current system works? There are 2 ratings in ranked games, one is your rank, division, and your lp; the other rating is your mmr. MMR can only be changed by winning or losing games and it determines what level of skill the people you play against. A dude could intentionally dodge every promo he gets into and be bronze 5 and be playing against challengers.
1	Well, it is more about the purpose of each rare skin. Earlier skins have been made unavailable so that they are rare, and this rarity is a reward to the people who supported Riot back when it was very small.   Perhaps a new skin could be implemented as a reward for those who have spent obscene amounts of money on this game (moneybags gragas riot pls), but it would occupy a different role than the skins like The Mighty Jax.
0	His title is actually properly capitalized. Note how he didn't capitalize the  infinitive "to" as is the general rule. To used as a preposition is also not capilalized. Unfortunately Reddit DGAF about proper capitalization in titles, so there are people like you who think it's incorrect to do it that way. Your own comment, if it were a title, would not capitalize at or the which are a preposition and article respectively.
0	In my opinion, wether you like something or not is subjective, but quality is objective. I don't like jazz, but when I listen to it, I totally understand how incredible the musicians and composers are. I just dont enjoy it. I do, however, enjoy very crappy bands even tough I recognize that they don't have that much talent, they just happened to make a thing I like.
0	Just because a horrible accident like this happens, doesn't mean that either driver did it on PURPOSE. That's why they're called "accidents". This is a horrible thing to have happen, but it's not like this driver said to himself: "I think I'm going to hit that bus because I'm an asshole".   By the way, the driver's name was Tim Evans, and he had a clean driving record. At the point that I am writing this, there is NOTHING to indicate that it was a deliberate act. Which means that at the time this meme was posted there was nothing to support your claim.
1	I think it's pretty hilarious how people think that having lee sin is an instant win, and constantly ban him... In my experience, more than half the time if you leave him unbanned you get to pick him.   The thing about him is that if you leave him open and the other team does pick him they may not know how to play him very well or at all and have just picked him to get that effective "3rd ban"   Personally I am much more scared of Morgana and Talon get super farmed/fed unstoppably in a lane than Lee Sin in the jungle.
0	Not completely.  If the US wasn't known for doing this relatively recently, the president would not have bothered to respond-- and the world would be pointing out how ridiculous the thought was.  But the US has tortured, so assurances are necessary.
0	Being skinny everyone thinks I'm the perfect size, but I'm not. No one is or ever will be. You are either too tall/short and the too big/small(For women I have no idea how it is for men). I hate having people coo at me and my perfect body when it isn't, not to me. I loved my body in high school before my body dropped twenty random whole ponds, and all because I'm a slightly late bloomer? I want to gain back that twenty pound and the other bit of weight that keeps coming and going as it pleases, but it wont.
0	It is "nobody panics because it's all part of the plan" But I guess people
1	watch professional/challenger level streams and replays. spectate front page games and watch what your lanes do and don't do, compared to what you would have done. Watch the mechanics of champions you like to play, you will notice new tricks and strategies and ways they utilize their kit. Look at their build orders and learn why they built in the orders they do. For me at least it was the push I needed from Silver 2 to now Gold 4 and still climbing. I am a visual learner and just watching professionals taught me more than the 1000 game grind it took this season (my first season) to get from Bronze to Gold. If you are seeing the same results game in and game out, watch how the pros do it.   You are Bronze because you are unable to carry Bronze players in a consistent manner. Then when you make Silver you will have to carry your Silver teammates in a consistent manner to make it to Gold. Some games are absolutely uncarryable, but overall you will steadily climb if you are actually better than your peers. It is an attitude. YOU need to take it upon yourself to carry the game or spoonfeed your carries kills. As a jungler that means if you have a Fizz or a Kassadin mid lane, your goal is to make sure they get kills and are protected from ganks so they can snowball and win the game. If you have a Jinx or a Vayne bot and you are support, you need to make plays and get your carry fed. If you are top you need to win your 1v1 and your lane, NEVER blaming your jungler if you get ganked, and split push your way to victory. Top lane especially is a mano e mano matchup, and you don't need your junglers help to win your lane. If you lose your lane, you deserve to lose the game. Same goes for mid. (just my opinion) If you consistently win your lane (9 times out of 10 is not unreasonable), you will not be bronze for more than a week or two. That means picking some champions that you like and playing the hell out of them until you can win every matchup.   My top pool is Zac, Olaf, Singed, Nasus, Garen, and Teemo. I can counterpick or match any top lane champion in the game and am confident enough with their abilities that I can win my lane matchup 9 times out of 10. If I win my lane and lose the game, I don't complain. I just realize that in the long run I will win more games then I will lose if I keep improving my play over time.   Become a good farmer. Out farm everyone in the game. High elo people realize this. I don't know how many times I've been down in my lane, and my opponent thinks they are fed so they are just going HAM elsewhere in the map while I just farm and farm and farm somemore, until I have 80 farm more than him mid game and own him in team fights and carry the game. Case in point, yesterday I was Singed top lane against a Lee Sin. He destroyed me early game and by 15 minutes I was 1-5. I don't really care what my score is though as Singed, so I just keep farming and farming and farming. I end up carrying the game 17-6, the icing on the cake being late game 1v1ing Lee Sin and completely annihilating him (he even had a GA). Never get down on yourself or give up if you are behind, you can always come back if you have the right attitude and you are a good farmer.   Get on LoLking and look at your statistics and win rates. You will probably have some champs that you absolutely love playing but you have 40 percent win rates with them or lower. Give up playing those champions. I love playing Evelynn, I absolutely love her kit, I feel like I am competent with her and she is so fun to play for me (disclaimer: this is for season 3). I think my win rate with her was like 27%. So I told myself I was done playing Evelynn, and instead looked at my champions that I had a 60% or higher winrate with and decided to get better at playing those champions. Just give up on playing the champions that you are losing nonstop with and get better at the ones that you are winning games with.
1	I like the idea behind those changes that allow carry junglers to farm up and become a threat mid-late game, but I am really concerned about the way its going to work out. You mentioned that Wriggle's Lantern will become a "farm jungler" item, but if I decide to buy this item does that mean that I won't be ganking or roaming around, at all? Let's take Nocturne for example (since he needs items to stay relevant later in the game) - One of the reasons why I love playing Nocturne is that he can farm up the jungle and still remain a very mobile ganker (and sometimes from very wierd positions) with Paranoia, and still have very decent ganks before level 6. However, does that mean that as Nocturne, if I decide to buy Wriggle's Lantern, I'll have to farm jungle creeps for my gold income and barely do any ganks? And if I decide to go for Spirit of the Ancient Golem, does that mean that I will have to gank for my gold income without farming  the jungle?
0	This is nearly impossible.  First, most bank tellers see enough cash to spot obvious counterfeits and many banks have pens or black lights to help.  A typical branch might see 10-20 fake bills over the course of the year almost always one at a time and usually from merchant accounts.  Next, this would have gone out as 30 $100 bills and few bank tellers will have $3000 in hundreds in their own drawer, so the money would have come from the "day safe" or main vault.  The day safe (and some main safes) are counted out daily, so bundles of hundreds might get machine counted multiple times before going out to a customer.  The portable machines found at a branch are extremely accurate.  To ensure accuracy, most banks will be under contract for bi-annual service on the currency counters.  A branch might go years between seeing a single missed counterfeit bill.  Lastly, most branches are net consumers of large bills--branches take in small bills ($1-20) from customers and pay out large bills ($50 & $100) to customers.  Small bills get shipped out to a central vault and large bills are shipped in.  At the central vault the accuracy of machine counts jumps up a notch.  It's unheard of for a central vault to ship out counterfeit bills.   The only conceivable way for this to occur is for the teller to take in $3000 or more from some random transaction.  To avoid detection, the mythical counterfeiter probably wouldn't be an account holder.  This in itself is unlikely as some banks simply won't do business without an account.  Even among banks who do work with non-account holders, the mythical counterfeiter would face far greater scrutiny being a non-account holder.  Next, the teller would have to miss the counterfeits--not just a single bill, but 30+ of them.  Then, the teller would have to hold onto the fake bills without sending them to the day vault.  Tellers are strictly limited in the amount of cash they can hold.  A sudden influx of cash would likely trigger a transfer to the day vault and another count by a more experienced employee or a deposit in an automated locker with a machine count.  Lastly, the teller would have to hold onto all these fake bills without distributing them to anyone else, just waiting to spring them on the unsuspecting OP.
0	lol someone is a bit butthurt. I am black and your name offends me, and I am literate and reread it to make sure it wasn't too much of a
1	This isn't intended. If you duo with someone lower than you, u should get enemys with lower MMR, which means you should get less LP.   People are getting weird LP right now, like 3 LP per win 20 Lp- per loss.   But Riot is investigating.
0	I do this occasionally too.  I can be a little pee shy and there have been times where I've been hanging out with people or coworkers or something and the bathroom is right next to the room and it just made me feel very uncomfortable to go in the toilet knowing everyone can hear me.  On the other hand I can run the sink and pee in there and it is absolutely quiet and they'll just assume I'm washing my hands or something.
0	Applebees also used to not have dishwashers during their slow shifts.  They would have their servers wash the dishes instead.  Not only is this a major health code violation, but the servers were also only getting paid $2.65/hr in my state to do a job that legally requires minimum wage.  Luckily there was a lawsuit and most of the servers during those times received back pay for the time they had to do this.
0	I'm not trying to hate on you, but my point is just that whats 'classy' or 'hipster-y' is entirely subjective. Yeah, there are generalities, but it differs so widely from person to person as to be meaningless. I try to dress classy, but I wasn't always this way.   I mean, just take those pics of yours as an example. The only one I would think would qualify as 'classy' is #2 (coincidentally close to how I dress when I want to be presentable). And amusingly enough, at least in my neighborhood/city, #2 is probably closer to how hipsters dress now than anything else. As for the other classy pics, #1 & #3 ar sloppy, way casual & stylistically illiterate. Classy #4 is pretty good though. Sorry, but that's my opinion.   As for the hipster pics, the only one I would consider 'hipster-y' is #1. And that would be a hipster from like 5 years ago. If I saw a 20 something dressed like that I would just think either 'immature' or 'graphic designer'. Or someone fresh out of art school. Hipster #2 isn't too far off how I dress on cold days. Throw a sweater over it, slimmer jeans and better boots and that's me. And I don't see anything wrong with it. Or judging anyone based on it. Hell, I used to dress like hipster #1 when I was getting my design degree and would have never associated that look with death cab for cutie. The fact that someone else might is amusing, but I guess not that surprising.   Again, my point is just everyone's got their own taste and style (or lack thereof) and making assumptions or insults based on it is kind of silly.
1	Become confident with one champion and try to get that every game.   I, for one, am very confident in my Ahri, and I like to make myself get in the mindset of picking her and banning morgana will result in me carrying my team to victory. I'm currently at 1600 Elo, with a 85% Ahri win rate. Never lost lane, only lost games where there was a Morgana on the enemy team. Seriously though. Fuck. Morgana.
0	I agree with the principle of this, but if you read the OP's comments, you'll see that half of the money in the account  was  his own contribution.  He did work for what he wanted.  He planned for something, worked for it, and then lent it to someone on the expectation that it would be back when he needed it.   Absolutely, people should work for what they want.  But if you lend something you need to someone you trust, they should give it back when they say they will.  Even if they're your parents.
1	Wasn't me, but this deserves sharing:   Team fight is brewing in mid; we're waiting for Karthus and hoping for a 5v4. Their teammate joins them first, so we start to retreat. Karthus runs up to join us...and keeps going. As we are milling about, confused and indecisive, this Karth FLASHES INTO the enemy team...and instead of eating him, they freak out and run away. We clean them up as they run through the pain wall.
0	This is just full of bullshit. As a traffic collision investigator I can assure you that speeding is most defiantly a factor in most collisions. The reason behind this is reaction distance and slide to stop ratios. The faster you go the longer you travel before your foot hits the brakes.   Signs are placed adequate distances for the  gasp  speed limit reactions!!! Who would have guessed! Part of our job is to ensure that those signs are set up so that people can adequately react as opposed to the engineers that set them up. If traffic patterns show a certain area is high on crashes we are sent to investigate why. Sometimes a patrol car is all that is needed to stop people from speeding. Less speed means better reaction distance and, you guessed it, less crashes.   Fear of apprehension outweighs the fear of the penalty in 75% of cases of people.
0	You can say what you like. People aren't obligated to like it. In fact they can shout and vote it down, but it's still there. This is as "open minded" as any large scale discussion can be.   It's very strange how many people think the world owes them approval of their opinions. I'm not saying it wouldn't be nicer if discussion here was more rational and polite, and I think it would be great if people didn't downvote unpopular but well presented opinions, but this is the way the world is, and likely will always be. Try not to take it personally. Keep politely speaking your best understanding of the truth, and  more importantly  listen to those who you think are being close minded. Consider their points. You may end up deciding they are wrong, and you can downvote them, and maybe you're right. Or maybe you're just being closed minded.
0	Sorry, I may have missed a lot in the spider-man universe (comic wise).  WHat happened in the back in black arc?  Just an awesome
0	No. Surprisingly no programmers have commented...my guess is that it's due to memory usage. Even compressed, HD video is big.   Things like VLC buffer the video from the file -- they don't store the whole video in memory, they load "chunks" of a few seconds, and clear the ones that aren't needed. Heavy I/O, low RAM, and is most common.   YouTube player does similar buffering to VLC, except instead of buffering from a  file , it buffers from a  socket  (or whatever you'd like to call it...connection, link, etc). So when you've played a YouTube video, it  isnt  all stored in memory, because that'd be huge.   In theory, they could write the video to local storage on the first playback, but that's an upcoming feature with HTML5, and I don't know if it'll be big enough for multi-gigabyte video files. Due to some bad browser implementations (mostly old versions of IE), it could be a while till this becomes standard, if it ever does.
0	Worst kind of person. As a heavily tattooed person and tattooer, I do almost anything I can to break the stereotypes surrounding tattoos. I have had several first time clients come into the shop expecting to slayer to be blasting, harley parts to be spewed about, smelling of weed, while some sketchy dude working the front desk is bagging up cocaine to sell out the back, occult shit everywhere and their tattooist to be hopped up on speed. Much to their suprise, it's not like this. The other day I was in walmart and noticed a old lady struggling to put some heavy items into her car. I went over to help and to say she was apprehensive at first would be an understatement. I feel by doing things like this, it helps change the way people view/think about tattooed people. I like to think her's did that day, once she realized I was legitimately interested in helping her and wasn't trying to steal her purse.   Protip for tattooed people: first of all, don't be an asshole. People are looking and staring because they are curious. Perhaps about the meaning of your tattoos, whether or not they hurt etc. when I catch someone that I can tell is intrigued, I'll initiate the conversation by saying something light hearted like " I bet you're wondering which one hurt the most.." This is a great way to be inviting an open the floor for conversation. Even if it weren't how my bread is buttered, I'd still do whatever I could to help break the stigma surrounding tattoos.
0	All anyone wants is to be treated like everyone else.  I live in a town that is probably 95% white and when someone comes up and introduces them self and say "Hey Brother Man" or try to give me a soul brother hand shake I don't think they are racist, it's just annoying.  It rarely happens anymore, once one of the fathers on one of my sons teams introduced me to someone as his "Black Friend".  He immediately apologized and realized it made him look like a fool.  In all of these situations I don't think racism was the motive, I think it was simply they really had never been exposed to many black people.
0	The reason why it isn't acceptable (i.e.:"popular") is because it punches a wide, gaping hole in the logic of those who are trying to make you feel bad because you're white despite all the shit you've actually been through regardless.
1	I'll see your idea and raise you my own...   First it might not be popular but I think the best thing is to actually take prizes out of the equation. Instead what you get is a team record that shows your points and play against teams at your level for that weeks events. There are also achievements for doing things for example making all your matches on time Mordekaiser IronMan achievement or going on a league winning streak while also increasing your ranked 5's rating earns your team the Katarina Voracity achievement.   Format: Simple automated systems that allows for self contained 3 team Bo1 round robin matches. Reporting is largely or entirely automated as is match making and lobby forming using tournament code. Teams are matched with like teams within their tier using snake seeding across the entire pool of entrants. Team captains get an in game message with link to a draft players and optionally reserve players. A second in game message then goes to all captains showing their opponents team lineups.   Points System: 1 point per on time appearance per match with a full team of starters. 2 points per match for a win. 1 point for a loss. At the end of a period say once a month matches are played out and teams get their points recorded and a rating assigned.   Prizing: Get a record for your team and have at least three matches per week against teams at your general skill level. Have some achievements based on your play and sportsmanship.   Costs: Development costs to improve the client and website backend especially storage and sorting of teams on short notice. Need a better announcement or persistent message generation/status. My suggestion is a streaming website dedicated to this venture on each platform probably comprised of three VPS instances (sort and report, achievement, record recording and display). At no time does this system touch the actual ranked 5's data except to read data on the team from Ranked 5's.
1	I'm going to mention this because most people on the "we want runes or rune pages cheaper" bandwagon seem to shove this under the rug or down vote it.   Runes although a semi flawed system, are there to help you learn the game. Getting runes faster so you can jump into ranked faster how the system was designed and not the point of the game. Ranked is for competitive players with the skill to compete for the possibility of going pro not for casual Joe Blow to show his E-penis saying he is diamond. If you think there are bad/toxic players in ranked now, just wait until you get players who just start the game with only 130 wins it took them to get to level 30 but 200-300 loses but because riot made runes cheaper and easier to get they think they are ready for ranked play. Getting more runes and pages cheaper doesn't mean you will win games. Players have to know why these runes make (whatever champion) better not just because some pro on solomid.net or clg chauster said so.
1	It's better than a last whisper if the enemy team doesn't build ANY armor, otherwise, last whisper is better. I've seen it work okay on Corki, Fiora good because of on hit, thought about it with AD WW. Basically, you get it as supplementary item instead of stacking bt's or pd's. I've never really used it, but when I do, it's pretty good, cause you shred.
0	Friend arrives: What the hell are you watching?   Me: Power Puff Girls.   Friend: *Judgey stare   Me: Fuck you and your little dog too.
0	I had an automatic truck (mid 70's dodge) and used to go from drive to neutral when coasting down hill in an attempt to save gas. One day I accidentally went past neutral and put it in reverse at about 40mph (65kph). Tires locked up and squealed, engine died, and the thump I heard/felt from the transmission was insane. Needless to say, the transmission lost that battle.   In another truck I had (manual) I bet my friend I could take off from a stop in 5th gear. Needless to say, I lost the bet, and had to buy a new clutch.
1	Okay, for the people who think this is just about the damage, gather around and let me tell you something, this is a story from a plat 1 player.  These nerfs will make her a whole lot less fun to use. This isn't only about the damage you can deal with a single combo while jumping in, it's about the options you had with your character. When I play Ahri, I feel like i'm never forced to doing anything, I have my spells, and they are at my disposal, how I use them is my choice.   But with these changes, what happens?   Now your passive is a laning only tool. If you've ever played in a teamfight with Ahri you know you have the option to wait a few extra seconds to get that single target, high healing high-healing fox fire heal. Now you can just forget that, it'll heal next to nothing extra even how you think about it, it'll be next to useless in teamfights.   But charm got buffed, you guys can't complain!  As someone who has at least 400 Ahri games this season alone, I can say that this charm "buff" is the most boring thing they could've done, period. It's hardly a buff in laning phase where you harass with Q primarily. You'll no longer be able to use it as an escape when you want to, because the mana cost is so immense that it forces you to a stale "only use if 100% guaranteed and junglers will kill you like nothing pre-6", no more mind games. It doesn't encourage any flexible play or smart use, it's just "hit target kill target, miss target don't kill target" the only mind games is the skillshot itself and how you aim it. And due to the larger mana cost, you have riot saying they want you to charm as an important tool, and then you have the mana to use 1-2 in lane (if you want to be even remotely able to countershove), also as a sidenote, good luck hitting a decent Vayne with one lategame, it's next to impossible. Great assassin we have here guys.   Do you remember the mage style she had the option to go for?  Forget that! With the removal of 3 seconds on her ult, she can't position herself to play around her low ranges on fox-fire/Q. Add that W is no longer single target, Rylais will be practically useless for you. Positioning around to hit her spells consistently needed those tools.   What's your point?  I want people to understand that this is not about the damage, I understand she needed nerfs to her damage due to how many options she had, but removing her options AND her damage is plain retarded. What was fun for me was that my build was up to me, I didn't need mana items if I used my spells certain ways. If this goes live, she'll have serious mana issues if she want to be aggressive, and characters like Fizz/Zed that already stomped her will stomp her worse, because they can dodge charm without trying, and matchups that were poor for low mobility champs, will be worse. This is encouraging the mindless "build DFG every game" playstyle. It is FORCING you to go into the braindead style and removes all her options for fun jumping around and outplaying/kiting, using your passive in a smart way, positioning yourself depending on the situation. That won't be such an obvious thing to do anymore with the new charm. She'll be an assassin like who relies on a single skillshot (arguably Fizz, but he has sustained damage atleast) to take down a squishy, when said squishy lategame might have a MS of 420+. To top this off, your fox-fire isn't even a lock on of your choice, what if you hit, say, Graves with it, jump in with fox-fire, and Alistar flashes in your way? Fox-fire doesn't lock on who you want it to lock, it chooses the closest target, this plus the ult doing AOE damage, makes me thing riot are immensely incompetent in how to work with her kit, as they can't even make it synchronize with itself.   Do you guys remember the "If my Q hits ill jump in" combo?  That kind of thinking is a nono, and any thinking outside of "hit charm, kill target" is strictly forbidden if this goes through.
0	I did the EXACT same thing today... Our cats had been hanging out in our upstairs that's in a somewhat stalled renovation at the moment. Anyways, they got the idea to start using the new tub that's sitting up there as a  litter box. Neither myself nor my girlfriend are up there frequently but I was today while I was looking for some tools. I spotted the mess in the tub and in between cussing and scooping it out it noticed a puddle of drying cat urine in the bottom. Actually, I shouldn't say noticed - The smell was out of this world and there was a fair bit of it, I have a pretty strong stomach but it sent me gagging instantly. In the middle of this I decide to pour bleach into the tub to kill that nasty funk that was coming out of it (partially wrapped in shipping plastic with just one end torn open originally). I knew right away that I fucked up.... It started to bubble and fizz, kicking off waves of gas. Instantly my eyes were tearing and I was hacking up a storm. I grabbed a quick breath and held it, ran over to the windows and quickly cranked them open, turned and ran downstairs.   I'd bet it took me half an hour to come back fully around. I ended up taking a 5 gallon pail of water up and pouring it in there to dilute it down and then let it sit for an hour with all the windows open up there, used a shop vac to suck it out of the tub and then washed it out again.
1	They ban 2 of his best champs and one game all 3 what do u expect form the man he owns lane phase except for the last game which was a tilt fest he deals as much damage as he can and when u have a support like Nrated who barely makes any plays.   Now contrast to Kasing he makes plays all the time and his ad is benficiary of them lets be real here Fredy underperformed again he does literally nothing in teamfights and fox had one good game the 2nd game he missed alot of shockwaves  I say they only 2 People who have been consistent are Sven and Forgiven , Forg1ven cant carry every single game . He may be cocky and opinionated but that is no reason to bash the guy to the ground everytime he makes a mistake , And im not a Sk fan just a neutral Fan
0	Currently they're pushing the medications? I'm pretty sure that's only a select few. I know from personal experience that if there's even a chance they push non-stimulant ADD/ADHD medication well before Adderall, which needs to be prescribed by a neurologist/psychologist.
0	Also, can you guess how you did on the litmus test?"   Not looking to get into a flame war with you, but you miss the mark, completely.   You  failed the information literacy litmus test.  In your responce to me you didn't even  address  what I explained to be the fatal error of the wiki model - lack of  authority.   Again, this has absolutely  nothing  to do with the technology used to publish and deliver it and  everything  to do with the editoial process used to complile and create the information in the first place.   Your  litmus test doesn't actually tell you anything about me - I'm quite tech savvy and more often than not an earlier adopter.  I'm also a librarian with a much-better-than-average (a) familiarity with and (b) importance placed upon information literacy and the critical evaluation of information resources.  Chalk it up to - when it comes to "trusting" a source, my standards are  a lot  higher than a wiki will ever meet.   But again, and I can't stress this enough -  nothing  to do with technology.  The annonymous, open-to-all, "let's crowdsource our attempt to garner authority for our resource" approach would be every bit as flawed no matter what the technology.  It could be written on parchment with quill pens by (random, annonymous) men in powdered wigs and it still be no more authoritative.   " . . . teachers had this hangup that the internet was full of false information."   The internet  is  full of false information.   Here's a tourist information site for the town of Mankato, MN -  Bet you didn't know Minnesota had a set of Great Pyramids just like the ones in Egypt, underwater ruins believed to be Atlantis, or that we had whales on the Minnesota river.   The internet is also full of true information.   Here's the real Mankato visitor information site -   Now those are obviously an extreme example (although the professor who put up the fake one for purposes of demonstating  this  very lesson continues to get complaints from time to time from people  so  credible and information illiterate that they travelled to Mankato to see those very attractions), there are literally  millions  of others that aren't so extreme and wouldn't be so easy to spot.  On a site that actually  looked  "legit" on a topic that you  had no  personal expertise or famility with, it'd be a different story.  Especially if everybody had you convinced that that site was "more accurate than Brittanica."   In its own way, that's part of the awsomeness of the internet - it's fracking  ginormous  and we all get to contribute and participate.  On the other hand its greatest weakness - it's fracking  ginormous  and anyone can publish anything - accurate or inaccurate, treasure or trash.   At the end of the day, any given piece of information in the wiki is probably OK.  However, no way to be sure unless (a) you yourself are already an expert and can see for yourself what's accurate and what isn't or (b) you double-check with an authoritative source.   So would I  use  it?  Sure.  Casual conversation, reddit arguments, trivial pop culture stuff, as a starting point to track down real sources on a new topic, I'll use it.   Trust  it?  In a context that actually  matters,  say professional or academic work?  Never.   As for your litmus test I think you have it backwards.  You seem to be one of those guys (we need a word that has the exact opposite meanings and connotations as "luddite"), who throws out the kind of skepticism you might use in any other context to automatically and unabashedly embrace anything just  because  it involves "tech."  I think if I handed you a book on a topic you were unfamiliar with and said - "Here's an annonymous book on the topic that I pulled randomly off the shelf with no vetting whatsoever" your skepticism would reassert itself.   Or we could do a little experiment: 1 - Anti-biotics do not cure viral infections. 2 - Pains in your left chest may indicate a heart attack. 3 - Strep throat is contageous. 4 - One rare but possible side effect of using Asprin is bloody urine.   Every piece of medical information I just posted is correct and accurate.  I have a 100% accuracy rate on the topic.  So if you wake up pissing blood tomorrow, will you be posting on Reddit for me to diagnose you, or will you be going to a doctor?  Who wins, tech or authority?
1	a toss up between Tier 2.5 runes and new Rune Pages.
0	Just so you know, there are likely hundreds of objects around the same size as Pluto in our solar system.   There are only eight that are at least as large as Mercury, and which have cleared their orbits (ie, are more massive than the sum of every other object in their path).   So we can have hundreds of "planets", or we can have eight as well as hundreds of "dwarf planets". It's all a matter of semantics...   The Sun and Moon used to be planets, and Earth didn't. Then Ceres, Pallas, Vesta, etc. were all planets, now they're "minor planets" (the original term for asteroids and suchlike). Actually, that case mirrors what's happening now, so if you have a problem with scientists changing the definition of a planet, you really ought to be defending the honor of the 570,000 known minor planets as well as the five confirmed dwarfs.   Also: "In the 17th century, references were made to the continents (or mainlands) of Isle of Man, Ireland and Wales and in 1745 to Sumatra." (wiki)
0	I couldn't find any articles with Google scholar, but here are some things I found on regular searches.   >Sumo wrestlers are a colorful and instructive exception. Big, big eaters and artifically obese, they look like prime candidates for heart disease and diabetes and would definitely fail the belt test. Nevertheless, Hamdy reports, they are 'extremely insulin sensitive and don't have hypertension' Body scans reveal that sumo wrestlers typically have little visceral fat, presumably because they exercise six to eight hours a day. Most of what hangs over their mawashis is subcutaneous fat. When they retire, however, if they keep eating, their visceral fat balloons. ^1   The page I pulled that from isn't very clear whether this quote comes out of an article in the February 2007 Discover magazine or from one of Doctor Oz's books... probably not the best source if it's the latter.   The following  sounds  like it came from a more scientific study, but the page I lifted it from doesn't give the name or links to the study, just says it came out of a 1993 edition of " Look Japan ".   >"Levels of uric acid and glucose usually increase when the  body puts on weight.  For both substances, the rikishi  tested only slightly higher than the control group,  averaging 93.9 milligrams per deciliter of glucose and  7.32 milligrams per deciliter of uric acid, as compared to  91.3mg/dcl and 6.1mg/dcl respectively for the control  group.  Not only were those values lower than expected,  they are well within the normal range, which means that,  in spite of appearances, sumo wrestlers are, from a  medical standpoint, quite healthy. ^2   It's hard to say if this agrees with my original statement. This study compared 18 "healthy" people to Sumo wrestlers. I don't know if healthy means average or if these people were more active/healthier than the general populous. Either way, the values with the sumo wrestlers were within standard ranges for healthy individuals.   1:  2:
1	Things like this is why TSM has such a huge and diverse fanbase. TSM fans and the community in general have been through so much with TSM because they continue to document it.   We have seen TSM happy, upset, sad and frustrated through their own vlogs and gamecrib and all the other videos. We've seen TSM almost burn down the house, we've seen them lose team members. It's constantly documented.   It shows they are human, they get mad and frustrated when they lose and they get happy when they win. It's that honesty of seeing them through hard times and good that really connects you to them and I appreciate that. If more teams did that, I think their fandoms would grow.   Things like this will obviously cause some people to make negative comments and say ugly things but I appreciate the honesty and I see how much this team cares about what they are doing. In the end, the haters don't matter only the success.   Keep doing you TSM and good luck!
0	We have honors classes here in NY, like other schools. If you do honors math in 8th grade, you're essentially taking 9th grade math and get the high school credit for it if you pass. In 9th grade, you take 10th grade math. In 10th grade, you take 11th grade math, and so on.   I'm assuming InappropriateLiteral did that program. For me, 10th grade was Algebra/Trig and some people referred to it as precalc (For example, I'm doing college-offered Alg/Trig and everyone calls it precalc). You do trig in that class, obviously.
0	Since we're at it though, I should probably ask for some more guidance since you seem to be the arbiter of language. My girlfriend once described herself as a nympho. I probably should have told her she's an idiot for using that word without a psych degree, right?   Oh, hysteria used to be a medical diagnosis. Since I'm not a doctor I should probably avoid using that word, huh?   Ooo, next time the family of a murder victim is shown on tv describing the assailant as a psychopath, I can only hope someone as brave as you is around to correct them.   Hmm, I'm also not a lawyer, so I should probably avoid using any legal terms. Maybe even simple ones like innocent and venue should be out of bounds, right? I should probably avoid all Latin as well.   I'm not an electrical engineer, so I guess voltage and current are out of my vocabulary now. Potential difference, resistance, conductor, insulator, all gone.   Oh, I'm not a biologist, so I guess I can't use the word cell anymore. DNA and chromosomes are also off limits.   Not a physicist, so inertia is gone. Force is gone. Acceleration? Gone.   Not a soldier, so flank and pincer are probably out.   If you think of any others, please be sure to let me know.
1	I like how people are suddenly questioning the team with the best record in the history of the LCS, for any region, and then going on further and questioning the playstyle of the most dominant player on said team. You don't just completely destroy every team in NA and then all of the sudden go completely retard mode and suck. Just sayin. I think people dont want to get their hopes up about c9, because realistically they have the only chance of any NA team to do well at worlds. If they fail, people want to be able to say that they knew it would happen, instead of being upset about it.
1	So, here is a story.  When I first started league I played fiddlesticks a lot.  I remember I saved up 6300 for him then went to buy him and he was one of the cheaper champions.  I played mostly him until about level 20 when I quit for awhile.  That was at the end of season 1.  After a few months I kept getting a craving to play league.  I started playing again right when Xerath came out.  I like the look of him, so I bought him on release. Before this I had played a lot of champions due to their aesthetic.  I bought Galio because he was a golumn.  I bought Yorick because I wanted a little minion army to fight for me.  One of the reasons I bought Xerath however was because he was so long range and I wanted to begin playing in unlocked camera mode.  Anyhow, I then played him (Xerath) exclusively from level twenty well into level 30.  At this point I got a few of my friends into the game.  Now I have expanded my champion pool and I don't play him as much.  But from all my experience with him he is still one of mt best characters.  The End.  P.S. Now I play Zyra, and I am getting into Lux and Orianna.
0	I up voted you because I feel you raise a good point regarding /u/Dayanx's comment which should be clarified.   I would agree that the political and voting system themselves aren't being rigged they're fine at the voter level. I would argue that those systems are corrupted at the candidate level. By that I mean that as a byproduct of having groups with vast financial power that are allowed to funnel money and favors into the political system they are able to corrupt an otherwise good system.
0	Saying "My life sucks because I'm black" is just a catch-all, and doesn't necessarily mean anything. It's often meaningless.   Saying "I didn't get the job because I'm black" or "I got attacked because I am black" can be true. It's a legitimate reason for a failing in your life.   It's not an excuse to accept a factual reason. But automatically blaming failings on your race is also bad. Maybe you weren't just qualified for the job - rather than it having anything to do with your race.
1	Personally would just level an alt account might be fun for alittle but ypull get tired of no one speaking english and trolls. So yea if you have two level 30s transfer alt or if u can afford to potentially buy a xfer back send your main, if not just level one up in your spare time
1	I won a game and was excited about getting to a promo series ... ended up with 90 rating (had 78 before) so not that bad.   Another win later I got 4 points.  The next win I got 2 points.  The next win I got 1 point.  Last win in my streak another single point.  Now I'm sitting at 98 and thought well one more game and I surely have it ... but I lost 6 points instead and lost the following game for another 10 points.   Apparently my hidden ELO or whatever they use wasn't ready for me to go to gold5.  This was crushing any motivation I had playing ranked as you can surely tell.  The fact that I went 7-0 in my placement games and ending 7-3 and getting placed silver1 didn't help either.
1	People talk a lot about the SC2 ranks system in this subforum but it's pretty easy to tell that they don't know how it actually works and why it wouldn't fix anything.   First off, the displayed ELO ranking in League is actually a more accurate representation of your skill than a SC2 rank is. I'll explain why in a second but the most important distinction between the two is that YOU KNOW what your ELO is at any given point, this is not true in Starcraft.   In Starcraft, there are 6 main ranks (and GM, but that's special) but there is variation in every rank based on division. Divisions are groups of 100 people within a certain rank and they are rated against one another (so if you're #1 in your division, you have a higher rating than the other 99 guys there). But  the divisions themselves are tiered  meaning that two people in the same rank but separate divisions could be wildly different in skill. There are more tiers in the lower leagues, which leads to a whole host of weird problems. Posts like "I'm rank 1 bronze and can't get into silver, what gives?" are pretty common, because no one understands that their rank is meaningless and they are in one of the lower tiers of bronze and actually not good enough to move up to silver. This is true for all leagues, but the upper ones have fewer tiers as people start playing the game more or less correctly the higher you go (plat and diamond have like 2-3 ranks, whereas bronze has 7). It's not until Masters that you actually enter a league with one rank, this is also where it starts showing your w/l ratio (oh BTW that's hidden for 98% of the population unless you manually track it).
1	Everyone has their own personal elo hell.  Lesson learned from that dip. -You will get afk, feeders, etc, don't let that get to you, you'll get angry, pissed off, re-que, same thing will happen again, and then it spirals out of control, before you know it you've reached a new level of hell.  Fortunately you can only go down so far, and you can get out easy enough if you're indeed better than where you're suppose to be at, hence the win streak after that.   So now, if I get 3 losses in a row, I call it for the night (in ranked that is) and take a break from it.  There are just some days where I'd suck pretty bad and playing anymore would be worse or there was a flood of trolls out that night, best stay away! :)  Atleast that's what I reasoned from it.
0	It isn't industry change that's the issue, though, you also need to take into account the rate at which the industry changes. Working in the computer field, I can tell you it's a very forward thinking industry. Everything we software engineers build must be scalable, and usually take into account changes in computer systems. It's not like anyone's invented a brand new way of computing in the last 15 years, rather we continually make small changes to existing ideas, so it's rather easy to keep up once you have your foot in the door. Welding, on the other hand, will either have no change at all, or change entirely. I am not a welder, nor do I have experience with it, but I can assume you either invent a new from of welding that makes older methods (and presumably equipment) obsolete, or there is no change. Sudden change you can't keep up with will make you lose your job. If slow, gradual change you didn't bother learn makes you lose your job, you have no one to blame but yourself.
0	I think i might be the person OP is talking about. My brother graduated from a university in Virginia this summer with an engineering degree and was transferring to a school in Tennessee to get his doctorate. Our whole family came out for his graduation ceremony then left us, at which point it was my job to take our rental car and move all of his possessions to TN while finding him an apartment. Our parents were kind enough to get us a car with unlimited mileage so we could travel the area freely after we got things arranged. Neither of us are particularly responsible so we decided to hit the road the second my family flew off. We had both showered that morning.     It turns out the rental car company gave us a two door Altima instead of a sedan, upon this realization my brother said, "We'll, fuck it. I don't have that much stuff."    We both belong to an international drinking/running club called the Hash House Harriers and we hadn't attended a meeting together in years so we hopped in the car and drove down to South Carolina, the only place that was hosting a Hash event within ten states during our allotted time. After a six hour drive, a lot of pit stops (because we both smoke way too much), and some very interesting conversations with the locals (we're also mixed race but on the browner side), we arrived in Columbus, SC. We were early so parked in the lot behind the veterinary clinic where the run was supposed to start and walked to a nearby bar. We probably smell a little rough, but no big deal.     We proceeded to drink all the local beers they had as I'm a big proponent of trying the local brews of whatever state I'm in. We head back and meet up with the group, introduce ourselves, and drink some more. Then we go for a six mile run through the area. In the middle we stop at one of the club members house for margaritas. We get to the end and drink more (if anyone here has ever hashed you know that there is a circle at the end where they make you drink for imaginary offenses to the hashing rules that no one follows anyway and visitors are often singled out for the mere novelty of their being there). At this point we are shit-canned and the possibility of driving three states north is out. We've just run in ninety percent humidity and we are drunk. We cannot smell good at this point.     We end up having our car driven to a Mexican restaurant where everyone goes to dinner after the run, drinking more, and having our car driven to the (frightening big and luxurious) home of the friendly hashers who offered to put us up for the night. They were a middle aged couple whom I had mutual friends with (again, the Hash is international and you will almost always find people who know people from your state). They pull out a case of beer and a bong and we all get absolutely blitzed, then pass out on their couch. I'm still wrought with guilt about the smell we must have left on their furniture.    My brother and I wake up with the sun, realize we are six hours away from home, and got the road. After a painful journey we roll into his house around noon. All but one of his roommates have moved out and left the place a wreck. He REALLY wants his security deposit back so we set to work cleaning (after a quick trip to the store and opening up a case of Yeungling). Hours go by, and the house is still in rough shape. His friend, who I can only hope will be the next Ken Kessey, shows up sober and offers to drive us to the local pizza place. We take a madcap drive up to retrieve food, chow down, then resume cleaning. Around midnight I fall asleep on a couch. I wake up around seven, my brother has yet to sleep or pack, but the house is clean. Neither of us has showered at this point.    We then undertake the task of cramming every inch of our rental coupe with his earthly possessions. It's ten in the morning before we hit the road, its a five hour drive to his destination, we still have to find him an apartment, and we have a flight home to catch at five. We haul ass to Tennessee, have a lovely encounter with the Virginia highway patrol, and end up in town around three in the afternoon. He's been calling all the apartment complexes near campus on the way trying to set up a place to live for the next six months. We settle on a place, roll in and start the paperwork. In an hour, he's got a place to live. Problem is, it's on the third floor and its July. We manage to unload all his stuff in about twenty minutes, lock the door, and put in the name of the airport in the GPS. After ten minutes of driving we arrive. At the Air Force base. Which has the same name as the airport. It's twenty minutes until we have to catch our flight out of a postage stamp sized airport to the only nearby major airport. Obviously, we still haven't showered.     We get the exact address and haul ass to the airport. I drop him off at the front and then find the car rental return. The guy looks over the car, looks at me, sighs, and signs off on the return (miraculously with no damage). I grab the backpack I've been living out of and sprint to the terminal. Now, I've immured the fact that my brother and I both have long hair and beards. We meet up, get to security, and we look like we are both prepared to die, if in fact we are still alive. TSA goes through both our bags and gives us the full pat down. My particular agent remarks, "Man, you're a little sweaty," to which I respond, "Hey, you wanted to feel me up."  This does not speed up the process. After having my contact solution confiscated we run up to the gate. It's ten minutes after our flight leaves and we are greeted by a gate attendant who addresses us by our last name and says our flight left five minutes ago. We both smell like a hobo's sleeping bag.     Turns out there is a connecting flight to our first airport leaving in two hours, after which we have a two hour layover, then our flight home. We have two hours to kill. So we obviously get a table at the airport's Ruby Tuesday, order turkey burgers, and proceed to get loaded. We stagger over to the terminal, recharge our phones, and call everyone we know to find some poor bastard to pick us up at our home airport three time zones away. At one in the morning. We still smell like shit, and we are drunk again.     We get on the plane practically hysterical from beer and sleep deprivation. We spend the next hour loudly mocking the Sky Mall catalog to the annoyance of our fellow passengers as we are on a small plane and I'm sure they can hear and smell us throughout the whole cabin. We arrive at our second airport, find our terminal, and kill the next hour in the closest bar. Our waitress is terrified, so we tip her double the cost of the bill and shuffle on our plane. Now, keep in mind, we are on a rescheduled flight, so we end up in the very last row. We get to our seats and there is a very tired 19 year old girl crammed in the window seat and my derelict and fantastically loaded brother and I are her seat mates. We should not have been allowed in an enclosed space at this point under UN chemical weapons treaties.     We introduce ourselves as "the Brothers Smith" explain what our last three days have consisted of, apologize for how abhorrent we must smell, and offer her the isle seat so she can lean away from us if she needs to breathe. She politely declines and we all have a fun conversation about college experiences before passing out with our faces mashed against the seats in front of us because we have the only seats on the plane that don't recline.    We finally arrive home, get lost in our own airport because its fuck'o'clock at night and there isn't a single person actually working there, and find my friend circling for us in the departures lot of our terminal. As soon as we get in the car he starts coughing and swearing. He rolls down the window and drives us to my house. My brother grabs a blanket, congratulates me on surviving, and passes out on the couch. I'm too tired and delirious to be immersed in water at this point. I strip naked and jump into bed with my wife, who, bless her, has been patiently waiting for me to return. She stirs from her slumber, rolls over to embrace me, and immediately says, "Oh my god, what the fuck happened to you!? Go shower!" So I did.
0	He should meet up with himself to check his post from yesterday. The story is completely different:   We started seeing each other last February, I had never had a girlfriend before and was not looking for a serious relationship.  We started to get more serious, hung out all the time and always wanted to be with each other.  In the beginning of June we decided we both wanted to be in a relationship with each other and made it official.  We had what seemed to be the perfect relationship, we never fought(once in our whole time together and it was resolved within one night of discussion).  We told each other we loved each other and everything was going great.  We talked about the possibility of moving in with each other in July when her lease was up and we both were excited about the idea.  We spent Christmas together with our families and everyone got to meet each other and it all went great.   After the holidays I decided to stop partying as much and pretty much quit drinking and fully quit smoking pot.  I want to focus on my health and wealth.  I don't know for sure if this is what initiated things but it was around this time that I noticed her starting to become a little more distant, but we were both very busy with work so I chalked it up to that.  At the beginning of January my room mate decided to move out and get his own place so I was going to be needing to figure out a new room mate or find a new place to live. I brought up the idea of me moving in with her until her lease was up and then us finding a place together.  She had some reasons why it couldn't work out(she has two room mates and can't have more people in the residence as per their contract being the main reason) and we decided it would be best if I tried to find a new room mate and stick to the July plan.   This past weekend was her birthday weekend. On Saturday we went to a very nice restaurant and had a great dinner together.  Afterwards we went to a bar and met up with her friends to party. I told her at the beginning of the year that I would break my drinking cleanse and have some drinks to celebrate her birthday.  We ended up partying pretty hard and some people took some MDMA including us and we were having fun. We went back to her apartment with her room mate and his girlfriend at the end of the night and things got a little crazy.  The girls started making out some how and then eventually us guys got involved but we never had sex with each others partners but the girls were very into each other.  As I mentioned earlier, we had started to be a little distant from each other the past few weeks our sex had gotten less frequent and not as hot.  She used to act like she could not get enough of me and that kinda went away. That same passion came back with my room mates girlfriend and she was almost ignoring me during the event.   So after a day of hanging out yesterday with her and her room mates around town, at the end of the night I decided to ask her if everything was okay and that I'd noticed some distance between us and she said she felt it too and the bad part was it didn't bother her. She said she didn't know what she wanted and that she doesn't know if she wants to be in a relationship. She said that she was getting over some personal issues(through therapy) and that she really wanted to focus on herself right now and be selfish.  We talked for a couple hours, it started out as we should take it slower and give each other some space for a few days to think about it to her saying that you can't go back from a conversation like this and that we should break up.  She said things like it sucks ending a relationship with so many positives, that we had so much fun together and that she wants me to be a part of her life.   I don't know what to do, I really care about this girl and it seems like it just happened so quickly.  Should I consider this over? Or should I just give her some space and see if she changes her mind and that its just a phase we're going through and that you can come back from a conversation like this?   Thank you for taking the time to read this and any advice or perspective you may have.
1	as if tryndamere isnt a broken champion right now?he's easily god tier for top lane and jungle   ^ i'm guessing that in response to my shyvana freelo quote   Implying trynd hasn't always been god tier (for solo q)?  Trynd is my main and know he is god tier, I have no shame in that.  However, FF is much more beneficial to shyvana IMO and she is more OP than trynda right now, at least in the jungle.  FF/botrk or wits scale so well with her kit and free tank stats.  She never dies, does massive AoE damage, and has great movespeed and counter-jungling abilities.   Also, don't sleep on trynd mid, outsustains every single mage, outfarms them, and outpushes them.  Only champs that are remotely challenging are lulu and LB.
0	When my school first decided to switch it did seem like a terrible idea. However my personal experience with them wasn't nearly as bad as I thought. Turns out there are a lot of good apps that make taking notes effective and easy (personally I use notabillity) and for students who are dyslexic or ADHD (like me) being able to type and have all of the content for school in the same place actually makes it much easier to manage. now the obvious downsides are still apparent but in my opinion and personal experience they were a positive effect on my ability to participate in class.
1	It has always amused me on how riot approaches nerfs. Which is nerfing a champion, which allowed another champion to thrive, then nerfing that champion, and so on in that loop. You would have figured by now they would realize that by nerfing every champion to the point that league is a giant wet noodle fight, it is ruining the game rather than balancing it.
0	Actually, it's not. It sends a formclosingevent to the window in question, which the program doesn't have to respond to. High level programming languages, frameworks, and windows api will provide this by default, but you can override that functionality (For instance, nevah evah write half of the data to disk), and if you are working on a lower level, and not using a default windows form, you would need to go out of your way to roll your own. Also, in the event of an infinite loop (usually an unintentional bug), it could prevent checking of events, which would mean that the quit event would never be read or serviced.
1	A few things.  Dr. Terrible  did  reach top 10 (either rank 2 or 1 I can't remember). The "bug" has been known by a few people in the cheat engine community (and riot) for the last 4+ months.  Before today any thread mentioning it would be laughed at and then the geniuses who frequent the forums would respond saying it was lag on the OP's part and would continue to say how LoL could never be "hacked".  The threads pertaining to the glitch would then be removed from the forums. It was not until today that it became noticed widespread among summoners due to Dr. terrible (who happened to learn about the value hack yesterday) exploiting it so blatantly.
0	Some of these responses are kind of rough, but it does seem like there's a lesson in all of this.   reddit is an internet community comprised of over 67 million unique visitors a month. [^Source](   This runs contradictory to the perception many redditors have in that this is a small, loving, and intellectual community.   67 million people will not all be like the kind of people you think exist on this place. In fact, the karma system may mislead you into believing in this perception since we generally downvote the bad eggs which hides them from scrutiny.   Conversely, one bad redditor and the experience you had shouldn't stigmatize you from the belief that redditors are nice.   reddit is comprised over over 250,000 subreddits [^Source]( While I can't speak to the credibility of most of these, there are some small subreddits in there that do have the intelligent, kind and open-minded people that you should surround yourself and engage with.
0	There's specific news services (BBC News, Reuters, AP) and newspapers (The Guardian, Washington Post, New York Times) that are good, but really, just not watching TV news makes a huge difference in static/signal you'll get, imo. Even the front page of sites like CNN's or Fox News have much more relevant information and stories than their actual TV broadcasts. Though sometimes it requires some digging into the 'national' and 'international' sections.   Google News is also good for getting lots of stories from a variety of sources all in one place.
0	So 23 states that allow it outright, that's almost half, then you have these: Fl -persons 17 and younger on non-limited-access roads unless local law exempts them from the prohibition on minors riding the cargo areas of pickup trucks and flatbeds(that means no interstates or major highways, but everything else is fine) GA- any pickup truck off the interstate  KS -does not apply to vehicles not being operated in the state highway system or within the corporate limits of a city LA -people 12 and older if the truck is being moved on a non-interstate highway MA - people 12 and older NY - inapplicable to trips of more than 5 miles if there are less than 5 persons 17 or younger in the cargo area or if at least one person 18 or older is in the cargo area  NC - persons 15 and younger if a supervising adult is present in the cargo area SC - people 15 and older; people 15 and younger when an adult is present; TN - people 12 and older; people 6-11 in a vehicle being operated off the interstate or state highway system TX - vehicles that are the only vehicles owned by members of the household UT - off highway operation   So as long as you're not on the Interstate or major highway, usually you can.  If you're over 12-15, you're usually in the legal limit and some states think an adult can save a child in a wreck(I  know that's not the thought behind it)
0	When I worked at an art store, i learned a very important lesson. The difference between anime fans, nerds, and kids.   "Anime Fans generally have a favourite type of anime and will watch that type for the most part, very rarely switching it up. They will talk about it with their other friends, however, if they do not mention it you would have NO FRIGGIN IDEA.   Anime Nerds for the most part, will watch anything that is suggested to them, and discuss it as functioning human beings. Nerds may cosplay at various conventions and the like, but it is contained to said conventions. You may also notice subtle hints that they are a nerd, like a watch or a wallet from a specific anime, so you can tell they enjoy it without being overwhelmed by it.   Now, anime 'kids' are the non-functioning fucking retarded anime fans that seem to travel in packs that have a collective IQ of 7. You can tell an anime kid is an anime kid from miles away, as they're usually the one rocking a naruto headband and random ass cosplay EVERY. DAMN. DAY. They generally cannot form thoughts that aren't anime related, believe themselves to be in actual loving relationships with anime characters, and are more or less pathetic excuses of people. They will constantly talk in Japanese to prove how 'smart' they are LIKE OMGTHATSSOKAWAIIDESUNE!!?!?! fuck off. The majority of anime kids are are combination of fat, terrible looking, unfortunate looking, smelly or so fucking awkward it makes your heart die a little just to see them. They're the ones that when you see walk into an art store (like I used to work) or anywhere else that sells manga/supplies you RUN LIKE THE WIND BULLSEYE and get the fuck out before they wrangle you and try to convince you that anime is life; there is no other way to live, and that they're SUCH A GOOD ARTIST, THEY DRAW EVERY DAY. LOOK AT MY ORIGINAL CHARACTER. oh yes. i see. that's great. i like your unibrow. step away from me.
1	Until their adc gets a bf sword, most popular supports out trade adcs if you time your trades just as they go up to last hit a creep, because they simply do more damage early. Examples would be sona, lulu, thresh etc. Basically, there is a video where Phreak explains it on youtube, a clip from his stream. Am sure you can find it with some searching.   Early game, the support is the majority of bot lane's power and a well played support can win a lane for a sub par adc as long as you can outplay the opposing lane. Think of when you've seen a lulu zone two people just with aa poke and the threat of a eq combo. Doesn't matter if your adc only farms and doesn't follow up on plays if you limit the opposing adc's farm and don't let them get kills to catch up.   I recently started coaching a friend who's silver iv now maining support (playing adc with him to improve from my tinfoil v skill level at playing them) and the things I've noticed are that he initiates unfavourable trades and does standard warding too much. Learning to trade favourably and ward where it's actually needed are kinda the skills that will take him to gold and beyond and that is just practice and watching popular support streamers. When i first started supporting I used to watch Nhat Nguyen (he's the reason I started playing sona, thanks Nhat!) just analyzing where he warded and then asking myself: "Why would Nhat ward that place?". It helped me at least. Am sure you can do the same with any of the current popular support streamers like for example Krepo or Edward.   My other advice is learn to teamfight well. Playing arams is amazing for this, because basically they simulate the bronze/silver/gold "ok, laning phase is over, let's all group mid randomly and poke at each other until a mistake happens". They let you play champs you never play otherwise and you can learn what they can and can't do, and what their role in a teamfight is. Before becoming an aram junkie, my teamfights would be quite chaotic, and I'd lose track of my own char too much. But since playing arams, I noticed that my vision is clearing in teamfights, I can now single out things like the katarina ulting in the middle of the team (one aram I got ww and was the only one that could interrupt the other team's kata ulti, so I got so much practice on how to  use my ulti just as she started casting hers even in the middle of a hectic teamfight).   Wall of text I guess, but
0	Due respect, but as an American server, we have to default to what American culture dictates a server is expected to do. If you know what you want from a server, and you know that you're not likely to get it without asking, just be clear with the server when you sit down.
1	This,  i got chat banned for 5 games (not that bad) ONLY because i had a couple of toxic aram games 6 i repeat  6 MONTHS ago, the tribunal is a joke.  and tbh it wasnt even that toxic, the worst one was when me and a friend were playing akali and syndra and we made it our goal to kill the enemy teemo as much as possible and we kept saying in all chat stuff like: rekt,  WORTH got teemo  and so on.
1	I may not have the 90 minutes to watch all the way through, even though I do appreciate the detail and work he put into this.   Anyone have a
0	I notice you didn't
1	Mechanical skill of the game and game knowledge itself is completely different.   Morello probably knows heaps about League cause its his job, however he doesn't have the best game mechanics because he is always watching from the sidelines and only plays the game casually. So this guy has great game knowledge with bad mechanics.   On the other hand we can have a godly game mechanics player or someone with insane reaction rates and what-not, but they don't have a single ounce of knowledge on the game. They'll obviously be a complete flop if they only know how the champs that they have played.   Then we have the successful players, reasonable or above average game knowledge with solid game mechanics and know their way around the game. These players take the game more or less seriously compared to the other two groups who haven't taken the game to heart.
0	I just ignore it. I've spent my time there as an "angry atheist" but once my venting was done I saw it for what it was, a venting box.   Unfortunately, some people don't grow up out of it and start acting like adults. I mean, they bash people who pray in lieu of actually volunteering themselves but then they do the same shit by criticizing religion's hold on society and then doing nothing to change it. They could fight it by volunteering for equality groups or Americans United for the Separation of Church & State (shameless plug), but instead they whine on the internet.
1	Game 2:   CW: Great game from Forg1ven(MVP),he had a way better frontline,he had a really good start being 2/0 at early game and he could show why he is considered one of the best upcoming Marksmen in EU.Amazing looked way more active and in general better with lee sin,Cowtard was okay,Unlimited had some bad positioning(at one point he left Forg1ven alone,even tho in the end forg1ven won because of good kite and being way ahead in terms of gold) and Youngbuck had a bad early game again but he had a strong pick so he could be usefull in teamfights.   MYM:Kubon had a very good start,but because of the fact that the rest of the team wasnt doing well,he often had to go and help them instead of split-pushing which is Tryndamere's thing.Makler had his best pick,yet his positioning was bad and he tryed to flank with eve which didnt work out that well.Libik was good but he couldnt use annie properly because of the fact that his team was way behind and they couldnt initiate properly.Mokatte went again from a mix of damage and health which again didnt work out that well,also his flank wasnt that good either.Czaru again didnt have much impact in the game.
1	Kayle is one of my favorite champions, and I play most of my ranked games as her. In Season 2, Kayle was extremely versatile, especially in the top lane, and in my opinion, was an amazing support. She could also be used as an ADC to an extent. Since around the beginning of Season 3, people started to realize her potential in Mid Lane, with her 1 to 1 AP ratio on her Q, and her ultimate that countered many burst casters. As such, Riot tweaked her by taking away her MR/Level and adjusting her Q. She then became almost exclusively a Mid Laner, but she could also be played in the jungle effectively with the new jungle items. Not much has changed since then, even with Patch 3.14. But lately I have been playing Kayle as a Top Laner again, to much success. Besides champions with extreme gap closers, such as Pantheon, Jax, or Irelia, Kayle will out-range, out-poke, and out-farm most champions. Her build path is very open-ended, and can be changed to fit most situations, but her core items for me are almost always: Merc Treads, Nashors Tooth, Guinsoos Rageblade, and Hextech Gunblade. If fed: Tri-Force and Wits End. If against AD: Ninja Tabi, Frozen Heart, and Zhonyas. Against AP: Wits End, Banshees Veil.
0	Story time Mofos,   Let me set the scene for you. The weather is cold enough to make a polar bear wear a sweater. The time of the finals has arrived.   1 week before the final, our esteemed professor proclaims that students who failed the midterms and are at an average for the quizzes should not bother coming to write the exam. They will fail the course unless they pull a 92 percent in their final. The midterms weighed in at 20 and 25 percent respectively and the quizzes weighed in at 10 percent total. The rest was the final. The passing grade for this course was a C-.   Now there is jerry (not his real name ofcourse). Jerry was what you would call a carefree individual who simply ran out of fucks to give the day he was born. Jerry had impressively failed both the midterms and was below average on the quizzes. Even a curve would not help his sorry ass.   Jerry who I had a distinct pleasure of being friends with, looked at me and said. " Motherlode, I dont want to repeat this course". I looked at him and explained to him that there is no way he is going to pass. He looked at me and said the single most glorious thing I have ever heard. "watch me".   End of class, he walks upto the professor and explains his situation. The professor explains to him that it is downright impossible for him to pass, there is no way it is happening. Jerry takes a deep breath and then there is silence in the air. You could feel it, The tension between two titans. Jerry looked up and said. "Professor, I know I am going to fail but would you care to make a wager". The professor curiously inquires, "what wager, jerry".   Jerry wagers that if he gets a 100 on 100 on his exam, the professor will give him a solid passing grade and if he fails well he fails. The professor with a smirk on his face says, "I will do you one better, get a 100 on 100 on the exam and I will give you an A+. I will transfer over the weightage from your midterms and quizzes to your final". Jerry, without hesitation agrees.   The whole final week, I promise you with my life, Jerry was out drinking, playing games and just aimlessly browsing youtube ( a favorite past time of his, He claimed that he once found a porno on youtube). He used to have his headphones on all the time listening to what he called "vocal trance"   On the day of the final, a 3 hour one, we are sat down at predetermined spots and the exam commences. It was no easy exam, it was harsh. Required a lot of analytical thinking, it required a lot of calculation. It was after all a calculus 2 exam.   At the sound of the one hour mark, Jerry raises his hand and says he is done. The whole room turned around to look at this mad man. This mad human being had finished a 3 hour exam in under 1 and that too without his calculator (he claimed that his calculator had lost its digits).   For a week I pestered him into telling me how it went, all he said, "time will tell my friend".   When the results came around, Jerry had received an email from the prof and said he needed to see him. When Jerry came back, I asked him what happened. He said well he had to give me an A+. I aced that bitch. He(the prof), just did not believe it was possible but commended him after Jerry proved to him that no illegal methods were used when he gave the test. I looked at him and asked how he did it, what was his secret to learning everything so quick without actually learning.   He looked at me and said, "that is my secret, I am always learning". Remember the vocal trance he said he was listening to. Well turns out Jerry had collected a massive library of audio recordings and digital lectures and was listening to them non stop. He was learning while partying. This mofo, never stopped learning.   I know the story seems far fetched but it truly happened before my eyes. A lot of people find it hard to believe and I dont blame them but I have used his methods and found out that I have an easier time in courses now than before.
1	I agree that Vulcun is better than TSM. I was actually surprised to hear they came in as 3rd seed.   Also, I've always thought that NA was better than EU this season. It is very obvious, and remember: EU has only won against other EU teams today.  TSM beat GG.eu, SKT Beat Lemondogs, VUL beat FNC.   They seem to just be outclassed this year, and if the other EU teams were better than FNC, they would have beat them in a best-of. A lot of people are saying the same thing about CJ Frost because MadLife is on it, but a team is only as good as its record.
1	I think you're wrong here pal. Gnar's mega form is goign to be easy to predict. And Gnar's mini form has the least stats in the game. I would say level 1-3 you can just murder the thing with full ferocity stacks double q and ignite. Then you snowball before he becomes a problem. He'd only be a problem if you don't know how to use bushes. He has like 340 range early or something small, easy enough to jump on him. likely will start boomerang so no escape.
1	HoN did alot of things wrong. Like not changing the game-breaking learning curve for things like champion knowledge, item builds and unfriendly controls for a newcomer. But they did some things right too.   What about in-game voice chat, being able to choose your recommended items, the in depth Guide system that you can customize on the fly in-game? And a smoother working lobby client without all the issues Riots Adobe air client has accumulated over the years.   Basically all your complaints have been is about the lack of user-friendliness for beginners HoN exhibits, but without having actually experienced the Gameplay once you know what your doing.   I actually had a Veteran DotA player explain everything to me, so upon playing HoN i actually found alot of fun in it, and i still play it whenever LoL is down or i dont have anybody to Duoq with.   For instance LoL is notorious for a focus on passivity early-mid game, with an emphasis on farming rather than engaging the enemy team. You have roles like support in whose single goal is to facilitate your teams carry.   You know what the supports job is in HoN? To Kill things. Thats right, in HoN, Supports are generally utility focused heros that damage-wise, scale really well with early levels, but fall off late game. This means as a support often you will be trying to get the rest of your teammates AS MANY KILLS AS POSSIBLE early game. I had a ball playing support, warding and ganking between lanes and surprising enemies with some fiery butsecks.   The point of this wall of text is that HoN and vicariously DotA, take much more effort to get into that LoL for sure, and while most people don't want to spend too much time getting into a game, those that do enjoy it profusely.
1	I don't think that this really solves anything or adds anything new that the current system doesn't already have. We'd see an increase in people smurfing because they'd be able to use whoever they wanted whenever they wanted, we'd see a weird de-synch of the rotation when people log in on a Tuesday after the Monday reset to select their champions, or a wednesday, etc. Do the people picking on Sunday get to pick again on Monday?   Then we get to new players, competitive or not. New players really don't care, using multiple friends as experience, which champions are free or not. At least, they aren't going to stop playing if Jinx isn't free. Competitive players aren't going to care whether or not their favorite is open or not either, because there is always at least one free champion that they can play that is "good" which is all most competitive players care about.
1	You can continue to push but the enemy team just won a fight, they will take a fast baron(or not) and start pushing to your nexus, and there's no way you can split push that fast while there are 3-4 enemies attacking your towers   okay here's a bit more detail.   splitpushing is best between 15:00 and 35:00.  this is for two reasons   (1) death timers.  splitpushing is not worth it after 35:00 because the death times are too long and if you die you will just lose the game. before 35:00, chances are nothing will happen if you get caught because they have to walk to mid lane which is like 15 seconds then go to wherever else which takes 30 seconds.  by the time they reach your towers you are already alive again and ready to penta.   (2) low baron potential and pushing potential early.  Before 30:00, forcing baron 5v4 is incredibly risky.  if you start baron, then it will get you low enough that the enemy team can ace you easily.  Pushing against 4 defenders is also really hard because of waveclear and low early diving potential.   So they can't baron because they will throw, and they can't push on you because of waveclear.   Even if they kill some of your teammates, there are 2 outcomes.   (1) Your extreme pressure on the side towers and side inhibs will force at least 2 of them to back. this leaves 1-3 to push which is usually a very weak push.  Ince this case, I almost always take 1-3 towers while they take at most 1.   (2) Your extreme pressure will make nearly all of them back.  This means you took 1-2 towers for free and they took 0 towers.  That is 380g for everyone on your team which is the equivalent of a kill.   **
1	Most AOE Comps are very reliant on thier ults (Ken, Galio, Mummy etc) So the goal is to fight them or make plays while thier ults are on cooldown. Janna works great against say a Ken because she can shoot him back and give your team the chance to disengage and reset the fight.
1	I think people put way too much stock in events having to be televised for them to be "legitimate" sports. It's a sport, I won't watch it on TV because while my parents watch stuff on TV, most people in their 20's now consume way more media with streaming and online tech, ESPN doesn't have my viewership because they don't offer any good services for me. Granted I have seen some of their channels do "free" (If you login to your comcast / Time warner / whatever cable provider account) streaming of some of their events. However I don't really feel a need to suck up to ESPN, as if they define what sports are. They are a cable network, all of their channels simultanious viewerships combined probably don't beat the number of viewers at (most) times on twitch. Let alone all the other global gaming stream services (which there are a lot of) China's LoL streams / Korean streams / Japanese streams are all on different websites.   If you were to add up and compare all gaming streaming on sites like those (including twitch) and compare it to ESPN, ESPN's viewership would be beyond crushed.
0	You know, I thought for the first 2 years of my relationship that it was fucking gross to kiss my SO right after she had swallowed. Like brush your teeth. But you know what? She never complained when I kissed her after doing the deed to her so she force kissed me once and I thought to myself "Well that's salty and kinda what I expected. Whatever." And now, it's not like I want my fucking cum in my mouth but whatever, we kiss all we want. It's all love and disgusting bodily fluid exchange done with tounge transport.
1	Not really, many people beg to differ as you see Mujapro agrees with my reasoning (and gets upvoted for it, proving other people do agree with it as well) The problem is most people dare not state their point of view because the immature people just downvote them, the same people who are downvoting me are the people who go: "GG EASY" in games with a leaver/afker/intentional feeder. It is an evaluation of the game, You cannot say gg (which is short for good game) without evaluating saying it's courtesy is, from my point of view, hiding behind "being polite" to keep up a way of legally harassing people.
1	You are not at all wrong to complain about people being jerks. I'm pretty sure that's one of the reasons /r/leageoflegends is here. It helps to vent your anger without becoming an annoying jerk in game.   But as to your point, weather or not your lolking is bad, the person who instalocks revive nasus and goes afk is the bad player, no matter how many games you have lost, or how badly you suck at league, if you are playing the game to the best of your abilities you are better then some guy with a toxic attitude. It is not really a "reportable" offence to lolking someone and say, hey dude, why have you lost so many games as X champion. are you sure you can do X role. I need to make that clear. It is however, a reportable offence to be a rude person with a toxic attitude who instalocks and afk's. saying your "lolking" stats are terrible so i shouldnt' even bother trying is absurd, because then the person who's not trying is the terrible player.   I hope this clears up any conflicts in feeling you had/are having, but the most important thing to remember is that the second you fight then back by instalocking/afking you lose your leverage over them. And should the shoe fall on the other foot, remember that lolking isn't everything, wait and see how they play first
1	The thing about true balance is that it takes a very long time. If you keep nerfing whatever seems "too good" at the moment you will continue the cycle of things being "too strong" all the time. If you, however, just stop nerfing everything and let everything pan out for a few months, people will find counters and ways to defeat the "OP" champions and tactics, and if months pass and nothing is working, a slight nerf ought to be implemented, followed by a few months of waiting. If the champ is still too strong, nerf it slightly one more time. This would however decrease players' satisfaction with the game (people screaming that something is OP and Riot wont nerf it) and that is probably why Riot wont do it and alas why Lol will never have true balance.
0	There are stray animals all over my city. The pound is overrun with them and they're asking city officials for more money to take them all in so they don't have to put them down (sigh). I walk every morning, and not a week goes by that some scraggly mutt comes walking up behind me and just follows me. At least the cats run off into the bushes.
0	I agree with this! My wife is super attractive and in great shape and loves me to no end, but I'm the fat one. I had the thought like, "Hey I already have an amazing beautiful girl here who loves me even though I'm fat, why should I change." But I realized it's selfish and now I'm getting in shape for her because she deserves to have someone who is sexy like her.
0	ITT. People without kids giving advice to parents on how to control their kids.   Edit:  For whatever reason, this simple statement is currently the top comment (yay!) and there are a lot of replies to it.  I'm going to use this power for good and try to give a better understanding to both sides.   First, I am not defending all parents, nor do I claim to know the situation that this meme was based on.  The parent could very well be ignoring the needs of his (using the generic singular pronoun here) child and in that case should be publicly shamed for it.  What I'm trying to say here is that sometimes situations like this arise, and through no fault of the parent, the child, or those around them, a shitty experience is had by all.  Not all (any?) child can behave 100% of the time, and sometimes the only solution is to take the embarrassment that you signed up for as a parent, and hope you make it home before you melt down yourself.   As a parent, I merely ask that non parents try and understand that we really do the best we can most of the time.  Different circumstances cause us to seem apathetic to our child's needs, but overall we try very hard to keep our children in check.   Let's go over some of the popular suggestions posted:     Take your child home - parents will tell you that the child, 99% of the time, would want nothing more than just to go home to their toys.  Threatening them to leave a grocery store, a clothing store, or in this case a waiting room is doing exactly what you don't want to do which is giving in to the child's tantrum.  You know why you notice kids misbehaving in public?  It's because you are in an adult public space that the kid wants nothing to do with.  You think kids go nuts at a Chuck e Cheese and parents just let it slide?  Believe me, I don't want to be there so it's really easy for me to threaten my kids with going home.  You don't see this because you're not at the Chuck e Cheese.   Take your child outside, away from the situation - I find that this actually works really well.  However, if it's cold outside or raining and your child is sick, this isn't really an option.  In doctor's offices I've been, they require you to be in the waiting area when they call you.  If this was an ER (explains the long wait times) then it's even less likely you can take the child out of the waiting area.   Have a toy/smartphone/book - Again, this actually works really well too, but sometimes a kid is just tired of a toy after a couple of hours.  They have very short attention spans and you can only hold it for a limited time before they want something new.   Control them - this is the most useless comment you can make.  It's like saying to someone who is sick, get healthy.  If it was only that easy.     Now to address some of the popular anecdotes people are using:     My parent would never let us get away with that.  I was never bad. - Think about it.  If this statement was really true, there are two near impossible scenarios.  Either you were born a saint or through some miraculous turn of events you were able to be disciplined after no more than two public tantrums.  Children learn through consistent discipline.  If you never misbehave, you wouldn't have known not to misbehave.  It's a fallacy.  You were good because you were first bad, and learned to be good.  What if everyone judged your parents for the times when you were bad and learning?   I take care of my brother's kids and they are perfect -  Sure, during the times that you are playing with them and giving them all the attention there is to give.  Most children act out only against their parents because there is something to gain from it.  If you're just there to play with them, no kids will act out.  It's when you have to take them on mundane tasks like errands, shopping, and doctor's visits that things get tricky.  It's also much easier to give 100% of your effort over a few hours, a day, or even a week than say every day over the course of 18 years.   Just because I'm not a  parent  caregiver... - This is a blanket statement that I won't back down from.  No, you don't know.  Seriously, I'm sorry if this sounds crass, but you simply can not fully understand what it's like to have to "control" someone who doesn't want to be controlled.  Sure you can give your tips in theory, or make observations, but it's impossible for you to fully understand what it's like to be a parent until you are one.  Specifically a caregiver in this case because we all know being a parent doesn't mean you reproduced, it means taking a life into your hands and trying your very best to make it succeed.  I'm open to your suggestions, but it won't hold as much weight as you would like it to.     For the parents:     Try to plan for bad scenarios such as the a waiting room.  - Multiple toys, books, etc will go a long way to get your child to behave over long waiting periods.   You need to keep on your kids, even if it's not working  - Continue to ask them to settle down even if it's just to show other people you are trying.  Giving up will just show your kids that they can bully you around the next time the same situation arrises.   Bring something with you that they want, just so there is something that you can take away. - The lack of punishment in a public space can be changed to your advantage.   Ignore non parent's gazes - Do what I do, imagine yourself saying "I told you so" to them one day when they have kids.
1	I never say anything in select as most people don't care about what I say. I never call out my role nor do I pick something that doesn't fit our comp. I always pick the champions my team wants me to pick as long as I can play it. I even do this if I am the first pick. Mostly because of this I play support champions.   Most of my teammates feed. The ones who call out their lanes in select feed the most. All of my ad carries blame me for their play. Sometimes they also blame the jungler. I never blame nor flame. I get reported sometimes for not flaming and blaming my team back. They then report me for not communicating. Sometimes my ad carries afk after I accidently got a kill in an early scrim. They call me a noob or worse. They call me bad at the game and tell me to learn to play. And when I try to talk to them they get mean.   Once I tried to talk to this one guy. He played Vayne. He refused to go back even after I pinged the shaco in the tribrush and told him to back. He died. I told him to pay more attention to the minimap and the chat in the future. He was not amused by that. He told me he would make me lose this game if I won't shup up. He called me a bitch. Then he died to a gank a minute later and said it was my fault. He died a few times more in the enemy turret and afk'ed.   sadface.jpg
0	I think the sentiment they're really trying to convey is to move on from the hang up which isn't easy. Not everyone is a natural conversationalist, but there is something to a small degree in what the OP posted I think and it would be to try and position yourself to do what you want and find some contentment in what you have.   I spent a year essentially friendless with my only social interaction with one co worker and random cashiers along the way. But in that year I got to know myself pretty damn well and what I really want and want to do.   I bought a boat, a small kayak (insert maybe I should buy a boat cat because he/she really should), and made some friends out of old co workers who were into kayaking and just spent a shit load of time out doors drinking a lot of beer... And it was fantastic, but I wouldn't have come to this if I hadn't learned to find some contentment in my solitude and be happy with myself and stop carry so much about other peoples thoughts and more about my own in relation to what I want to do with my life.   Ultimately the want for social interaction kicked in to a degree, but now I'd almost prefer the company of strangers. But given my childhood I was surrounded by conversationalists who could and would talk with almost anyone my only failing ended up being lacking their tact.
0	Because OP:   a) Used a picture previously popular on reddit   b) Make an implied buddy-buddy relationship between two members of the feline family   c) Used a meme to elicit one of the strongest connections in the human brain other than smell (fondness for something being cute, evolutionarily tied to our children from us in a protectorate manner), albeit incorrectly.   d) Made a pun, albeit not the best option.   Plus the time it was posted (~4-5pm Eastern Time, GMT -5) is a high time for reddit, so there's bound to be more people on. And with students finishing up finals and people coming home from work around that time, people might be in a dull sense of mind and would upvote really anything. Plus, this is a default subreddit, and most people are too lazy to remove it, and so it appears on their front page; if it's already on the front page, it must be good, have an upvote.   Once you break it down into tactics, it's really not that hard to figure out why a misused meme with the lack of a brilliant pun has so many upvotes. Either OP is crazy smart and cunning, or stupid and lucky. I'm going with the latter.
0	Ya, smell me about it. I would be at a regular Joe Porn Site, then after 99 pop-ups.. I would have a couple illegal ones with beastility and shit... fuckin basturds.. I'm glad they stopped that shit... it was embaressing to explain, "no really i just went to that site!!!" I had to go to one site and let the train of pop-up insanity plaugue my computer, just to show my gf i wasnt a total perv, when I was 14.
0	This is one of the things that changed me from an asshole to a tolerable person in high school. The thing that got me to start realizing I'm not always right was the wise words of my mother: "You don't know everything. Nobody can. So when you state something as fact, and you end up being wrong (which you inevitably will), you'll look like a fool. Instead, try qualifying your statements. Saying things like 'I believe,' or 'Correct me if I'm wrong,' can make a world of difference."
1	Best way I like to practice lasthitting is to make a custom by myself and go bot lane. then all i do is rightclick. Dont use abilities. Spend 10 minutes and check how many you got, then do it again. It works well with reddit since you can only post something every 9 minutes.   The lane will push itself because you do a little bit of damage to the minions. this helps to practice farming against tower and then farm with a huge minion wave on your side. just last hit and pay attention to all the minions hp. It will train you to time and decide which minions are going to die first. Only last hit, dont auto attack the minions or you will push the enemy tower. Ideally the enemy tower wont take damage, but it will. Just focus on minions and enjoy practicing with different champs. A good one is vayne because her early game damage sucks. Ashe is good too. You could try tristana to get used to farming with explosive shot... althought you will really push the lane. After a while get a friend and practice last hitting against him. Then the lane wont get pushed.   Dont go mid, there's not enough space there and I'm assuming your practicing ad. If you like mid go mid, I just feel the lane will get pushed too often and you wont get giant waves of minions after 3 minutes of farming. Mid is good for consistent last hitting where the lane has standard number of minions each wave. On bot its possible for 10 of your minions to pile up w/ a siege creep. That's where the fun starts. The enemy minions go down so fast and you have to time the attacks between a wave of caster minion attacks. FUN =)   Just do 10 minutes. Last hitting late game is easy, you want to practice early game like everyone else, during laning phase. 10 minutes is a good benchmark, especially since you will be last hitting without any decent items the whole time. If you want to make a challenge do it without items, runes, and masteries.   For example: I've been playing freeweek vayne with only 75 starting ad w/ dorans. I go bot lane a last hit minions. I got 77 minions last time, i know pathetic =(. now after posting this I'm going to try to improve this score.   GLHF
1	I've worked in Apple's customer support (AppleCare) Tier 2 in 2012.  While that job was 95% phone based, there are similarities.   There is a work step that is called "gaining agreement" where it is important to rephrase the customer's issue to see if you understood it correctly. On the phone as much as in emails you can easily fall into the trap of taking quick guesses in order to optimize your number of answered cases.   Now imagine what happens if you  don't  gain agreement and try to find a solution for a different issue than the customer has. You waste his time, your time, and it will definitely go on the customer's nerves. They will feel misunderstood (and rightly so) and the company actually gets the  opposite  from what gaining agreement is for, because you have to take a step back and begin with asking for the issue anew.   Adding onto /u/Curoneko that's what you generally see when working in the second Tier, is that you see all the mistakes earlier support agents made and actually resulted in the issue having to be escalated to yourself, 90% of the time those customers start pissed but get really, really happy once they realize you are actually listening to them and not just doing your job.   This is what you see when Riot's support answers are not really fitting the issue.   Last sentence and
0	Original Submission (100%):  [After browsing r/new]( [[D]](   Posted:  4h before this post by  [jmoney73]( (fixed by  [Meme
0	If that's the only way you can interpret it, then you need to work on your critical thinking skills. It's moreso assuming that anyone who runs home and makes a meme about their bad date (boy or girl) is probably a socially awkward neckbeard, who did something really awkward to warrant the reaction, whether it was a girl talking about her cat, or a guy showing up in sweatpants and a fedora.   In other words it was a joke, one that you apparently are too much of a moron to get, or too self righteous to appreciate (instead of assuming I'm some sort of sexist).
1	What most people don't realize is how snowbally the game is, this applies especially to top lane. Most of the time you can die to a well-performed gank by the enemy jungler and top, and if the enemy top so happens to get the kill, then it's just hell from there. You literally cannot CS properly without being interrupted by him or needing your own jungler's gank.
0	Never, when I'm not counting my above post. I just tell them the facts, I don't do any of that "just come to meeting and find out there" marketing nonsense. I approach my friends as a friend, tell them the benefits and downfalls, and give them a drink to try, so they can determine if they want to join. If they genuinely aren't interested, I don't try to force anything down their throats. I did as much research into it as possible. I would never try to screw my friends over for a little compensation.
1	I was first excited by the Teemo pick, just because it is so troll. But after some minutes of watching the game I realized, that not only playing against a Teemo is frustrating, to watch others play against one is an even bigger pain. This was one of the most boring games to watch, TSM couldn't take a single step out of their lanes, C9 couldn't force anything due to Teemo being useless in team fights. Not really what I want to see in the LCS to be honest.
0	Take literally five minutes to read any scholarly work on the topic of privilege and you will understand why this is a fundamentally incorrect point of view.   Black History Month is important because the rest of the time we teach White History in our classrooms and in our everyday interactions. White History is embedded, and by creating a time to specifically focus on Black History, we can combat that institutionalization.   Subsequently, a "whites only" event is completely different from a "Black History Month" (1) because an event and a month are different and (2) because we do have Whites Only events. They happen every single day. Just because you don't call them "Whites Only" doesn't make it any less true that Blacks are systematically discriminated against and often left out of many events, schools, governments, etc.
1	probably will be done from time to time and may even permeate into every live tournament at some point or another but it would probably be a bit too draining and lose its edge a bit if it was done ALWAYS.   i think its an interesting phenomenon though on many levels. not only is it a strange practice that you would likely never see in any other competitive scene (or anything even comparable) but it has a history to it. we endured some pretty extreme drama (particularly the live fans) because of that 8 hour match and cheering the ward kills is kind of like a constant affirmation of our passion for this game. it harkens back to a time where we stayed strong and jubilant in the face of problem after problem.   i hope it is something that is here to stay because it is unique and meaningful, and it even adds a bit of interesting information to the teams playing the game because they never know exactly what is being cheered for and it keeps them on their toes.
1	I just don't understand how they work on Irelia when Udyr and Yorick need some serious balancing issues taken care of in lane.   You want to talk sustain problems? Fucking udyr is a terror. Turtle and just smacks away for health AND mana?! what the fuck is that! :[
0	There's a road one my way to work that drops from a two lane to a one lane. People ALWAYS pull into the second lane, speed up and try to force themselves back in the appropriate lane one they get ahead of everyone else. It pisses me off to no end. I do my best not to let them back in if I can help it.
1	You want a solid solution? Make them ALL buy a pink ward near the start of the game (when everyone does their first back) and tell them to pop it somewhere in your jungle to help your jungler and to prevent invades as well as jungle based ganks.   I admit that I don't upgrade trinket until it's the last thing in my inventory, but I make sure to keep a pink on the map that I paid for ALL game and usually leaving it in your jungle will give you vision and since people are too busy running around as well as it being a risky place to clear, it usually just stays up.
0	My professor had a very good theory as to how matter came into the universe and its extremely difficult to explain without looking like an idiot.  Basically, we don't know for sure. But its just as logical if not more to theorize possible ways the universe came into being.  One of my other professors theorized that our universe was actually inside a black hole.  The one my professor i initially mentioned and My favorite theory is the dimensional collision theory.  That multiple dimensions collided(because they move in wave-like shapes) and the result was the big bang(or something similar).  Just a theory not an absolute.   If god started life and evolution, why bother with starting at such an extreme time? If god is omniscient it means he knows everything, including the future. That means everything is predetermined by him and that free will is just an illusion(everything you do has already been planned to happen. Meaning he failed to give us the one thing his 'son' died for, Jesus knew this when he was dying on the cross 'father why have you forsaken me' and later saying it was in his plan).  But -- it also means he knew that evolution would shake the foundations of the church and lead his creation astray. You can see a common theme throughout religion that as Hitchens put it, 'we were set to fail' (Adam and Eve had no choice not to eat the apple).  So why start time, make it billions of years without humans, have humans evolve through an extremely difficult process where 98% of all animal species go extinct(and humans almost did!), and then say humans were his plan all along and he created one and then the other out of a rib?  This also ignores how flawed humans are medically(we're walking medical disasters) and ignores how he put everything in our bodies in awful placement despite the bible saying humans were created in gods image. I believe Dawkins said something along the lines of 'gods image? We must have been designed by an idiot' what about the earth? Why make it so hostile when its very within his reach to make it safe(geological & astronomical disasters are what I'm talking about).  Free will? He made it dangerous, its just as logical(if not more logical) to make it safe for his 'favorite creations'   It doesn't make sense to give credit to a divine being for how flawed our universe is. How flawed life is. How flawed we as humans are. Why make outer space at all? Why make other planets if its impossible to even set foot near them?  Why make 97% of our water salt? 3% usable? Even less of that isn't actually in icebergs? Why create the sun, make it spew radiation, give us cancer, and say 'pray to me' when answering prayers breaks free will(if we ever had any, which we didn't from the start).  Why make the planet have no life for billions of years and then have life begin? Why make the universe expand?
0	Is it better to be on a battlefield at 20 and in a weelchair at 25 ? (or in a grave).
1	Look i understand there is a miss conception about certain champions and counter picks. These do not guarantee a win but stack the odd in your favor. The process of picking in ranked is set up for the ability to counter pick and not taking advantage of that is only lessening your chance of winning. It should be clear that your teams first picks should be a relatively safe pick.   I have been playing mid a lot over the past 6 months and have really got into ranked. Especially the picking of teams and the dynamics that come from it. Nothing grinds my gears more then a person counter-picking themselves. if they first pick kassadin DON'T pick karthus. By not  taking advantage of your counter pick you are forgoing a benefit of an early person on your teams being countered.   The nature of picking is blue teams get to pick one "stronger champ" and 2 counter picks. and the purple team get to have three counter picks. its as simple as that. so in my opinion it is really on you for not countering properly and i understand that it takes a while to learn new character but what i dislike the most is that people instead of taking upon themselves  to learn new champ to counter are just complaining that it is expected that they should. I have learnt more in the last 6 month then the last 2 1/2 years under the principle that i am not the best player out there that is in the wrong division but i make mistakes and i do everything in my power to not make them again.   my advice for becoming better at mid is this: Learn these three champs first. Kassadin, Ahri and Ryze these three champs counter the majority of Mids, then add more champions once you feel comfortable. Develop your arsenal and use your tools correctly.
0	While I see your point. I think you are assuming way to much about the OP for the sake of a larger point about reddit. The behavior he pointed out is hypocritical and would be equally so if it was a man saying "no one respects me for intelligence while repeatedly drawing attention to his looks." He used the word constantly which implies this wasn't a one time thing.   For that matter, I think women would hold you to the same standard if you repeatedly drew attention to an attractive physical feature while criticizing them for only focusing on your looks.
1	Nice read. We already had a lot calculations about HP vs Resistances, but a really nice
1	Jinx has the 3rd highest win-rate in the game, this  change  just makes her early game weaker because she's oppressive in lane and scales well because she has AOE crits.   Graves was a stupidly strong laner who was a better version of Lucian and had a 30~% playrate when he got nerfed.   The nerfs aren't for no reason, if you were to look at the statistics Graves's winrate is now hovering around 50%.  The point of the nerfs was to increase diversity in the marksman role.  The top 3 most popular  ADC's (Jinx, Vayne, Ashe) are seen in  79.13% of of games.
0	There is a reasonable assumption that in order for you to be suitable for that specific role, then you will be required to have relevant knowledge pertaining to it.
1	Not sure how it would interfere with competition. If Team A picks Rengar, Team B will most likely not pick Kha'zix. Unless Team B thinks they can get the buff, in which case they  might  pick him. It just adds another decision to the pick/ban process. This is assuming Rengar or Kha'zix aren't pick or ban status. If there is a relative amount of balance between all champs, this just allows one team to gamble on getting an edge. It would actually increase competition because each team will be hunting a specific member of the others.   Now, on the other hand, if these types of interactions become standard on multiple champs who have intersecting lore, that could be an issue. Of course if you want faster games, this mechanic will help. However, it will turn picks and bans into an entire strategy game (more so than it already is) in an of itself. This could be an option Riot is toying with rather than just adding more bans. I don't see this as a bad thing, although it would certainly complicate the game and change it a bit.
1	A lot of you guys seem to be hating on him for what he's done in the past, the thing is he payed his dues. He was banned, in fact he turned HIMSELF in. The point of being banned is to make "Even" for what you have done. With the "Proof" he has provided he seems to have been banned for no reason or for a reason that doesn't deserve as Perm ban. I get that he has done shit in the past, in fact I used to hate XJ9 (Also, most of the other boosters pissed me off too.) But he's apologized for doing that by turning himself in, took the punishment and moved on. His stream has changed from what I have seen, he seems to be a far less toxic person, isn't that the point of being banned is to make them less toxic. He's not a terrible person and I feel as though this ban was unjust.
0	I don't know about the US but in Australia having a un-managed hive on your property is probably illegal. Firstly you cannot control the swarming, and therefore can be a nuisance to other people. Secondly and more importantly, having a wild hive is a vector for bee disease; small hive beetle, viruses, and other disease which can be transmitted to another hive. And the fact that the hive isn't managed means that diseases go unnoticed, and unmanaged.
0	This is just a more complicated version of an earlier post
1	Got that too. I suspect that it's because the LoL clients keep getting re-written over by recent patches, and their versions change accordingly. Since this happens, the old client versions aren't saved and LoLRecorder can't detect it, causing a malfunction in loading.
1	TBH I often face SoloQ player who really hate DuoQ player without any obvious reason. We join and kindly ask "premade with XXX, pref botlane" and Summoner 1 starts "OMFG premades always throw games" and locks heimerdinger with revive and clarity. This happens Silver 1 ELO fairly often. I seems there is a huge gap between SoloQ and DuoQ players that they keep on blaming each other leading to a vicious circle. As I do only play DuoQ without beeing toxic I can not judge whether most DuoQ's are toxic or not as we never get teamud up with any other.
0	I have this exact problem where I live. Only one company offers cable and broadband internet. The cable TV is moderately priced to compete with satellite TV. The internet is a joke. 10 mbps down/ 1 mbps up for $70 per month. Then you have to buy/lease a modem. I was living in Austin for a while and purchased my own modem and apple router. Came back here and they refused to let me use it. The tech actually told me it's impossible for it to work. Really? That's like telling me Shell gas only works in Ford vehicles.
1	Hi, yeah rumble is really difficult but one thing that entertained me when farming with him was that i saw dyrus doesn't have line missile display on while playing and when he plays rumble he uses his E alot to farm from the back. For SOME REASON i was really entertained by using line missle display and turning smart cast off for his E and it really improved my farming.
1	I can give you legitimate reasons Monte failed them as a coach. 1: He did not prepare them for Curse's Split push strategy. Sorry but as a coach it should be your job to have an answer for every possible outcome. 2: He himself admitted it was his idea to put doublelift in a solo lane to farm. Thus putting all the pressure on the one you claim chokes. Idk about you but that sounds like bad coaching. 3: In Korea all they did was worry about improving their own play because for some odd reason CLG thinks they are the best Western team if only they played like it. Curse does innovative things not because they think they are better but because they try to find what works for them. Meanwhile CLG does the same thing Koreans do because they think they are the best in the West. Just watch any of the Chasing the Cup interviews.. Sorry but the Coach preps the team comps and strats. Again his failure.   While I may agree that they need to roster swap just about everyone on their team. You can't shield Monte for not doing his job. It's part time for him and at best a hobby. Not his career. Therefore he doesn't invest the same as say Choi Yoon-Sang (hc of samsung Blue). Thus reducing his effectiveness.
1	Yes, you can only see 60 frames per second. But the point is that your pc can render in more pictures/second, which will even visually give you a smoother experience. It is comparable to pictures, which are made with at least 3 megapixel, and although your pc cannot show it, one with more pixel will look a bit nicer, just because the camera can get more details, where the pc can "chose" from.   Let me visualize it. With 60 fps it would look like this:   |_~-+*"|_~-+*"|_~-+*"|_~-+*"|_~-+*"|_~-+*"| (image creation, from bottom to top)   |-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------| (sampling rate)   With 90 fps it would look like this:   |_~-"|_~-"|_~-"|_~-"|_~-"|_~-"|_~-"|_~-"|_~-"| (image creation faster than at 60 fps)   |_------|_------|_------|_------|_------|_------|        (needed the _ for fitting; you see that the parts _~   |xx -"_~|xx -"_~|xx -"_~|xx -"_~|xx -"_~|xx -"_~|        are made new before the image was displayed on screen, and   at all your whole image is build in a shorter time. The xx means, the created image is additional work for the pc which will not be displayed)   Although you dont see all pictures, with 90fps you would be closer to what is happening in real time, because you have a higher resolution of the things the server is calculating.
0	I have a friend who I play Xbox Live with a lot. He also has severe arachnophobia.   One night, while his parents where asleep, he saw a "giant fucking spider" on his curtains. I heard him throw his headset down an I could hear him going "shit shit shit shit." Then, all there was was silence. I heard him again about two games later walk into his room and pick up the mic. I asked him what happened, and he said he had gone to get the vacuum cleaner. All of a sudden, he turned it on (This was at like 3 AM, mind you) and sucked the spider up into the vacuum cleaner. I said something like, "You know that he is still alive in there, probably about to climb out of it, right?" This caused him to freak out and take the vacuum outside of the house and leave it in the driveway until morning.
1	The point he's trying to make is that if Vayne reaching "6 items, everyone in the game is fucked" status is an issue, a point of concern, something that needs to be looked at, then fine; nerf that aspect of her gameplay. But to take a dump on her already pitiful laning phase and ruin unique aspects of her kit(unescapable, stealth to reposition for condemn).
1	The way I tend to think of it is that in an ideal world there is "play" and "counterplay".  To me this means that no matter your composition, this is solo queue after all, there is something you can build to meaningfully react.  As an example, building Liandries or BotRK to counter health stacking.   The reality of these options for countering tanks is that they are VERY soft.  We never cared too much before because tanks didn't have a realistic build path so you crushed them before they got unmanageable.
0	While I agree with you, you must admit this was well executed though. Especially since I saw the original post earlier today and it indeed blew my mind, so when I opened reddit a minute ago and saw this post at the top, it had much personal relevance and entertainment value.
1	Ah Aatrox. I "mained" him before I was level 30. Here's the thing - you have to be on point with your stance. When I say on point I mean ON POINT. The right or wrong toggle of your W will determine how a fight goes.   So there's that. Then there's a distinct lack of mobility. Furthermore, (much like other early game fighters that transition into tanks) he gets kited to all hell late game. AND he doesn't even end up being THAT tanky.
1	Once upon a time, in the summer of this year, I was 2223 Elo. Magically, after a long vacation, I dropped over 300 Elo in a single week. Then, Riot reset the highest ratings. Struggled to get my play back in shape, and finally got diamond last week.
0	No idea what youre talking about. If you cant maintain a macbook for 3-4 years I feel terribly bad for your PC laptop repair bills/replacement costs. As long as you arent a nitwit technonoob you should be able to maintain a clean macbook for at least 3-4 years. Not to mention macbooks technical capabilities will certainly last that long, even considering the rapid development pace of technology.
0	My younger sister just turned four, and we were all prepared for magical Christmas memories. Instead my sister built a barricade against her bedroom door and hid under her bed while screaming "GO AWAY I DON'T WANT CHRISTMAS!"   Eventually, my parents broke into the room and dragged her kicking and screaming out from under her bed and forced her to open her gifts as she sobbed. Yeah... it was pretty magical.
1	As Jungler: Counterjungle, shes pretty weak if she cant hit her charged q. Lee Sin is a pretty good choice for that. He can counterjungle and kill her and if u get cought u can easily escape. As Lane: Ward at the spots she can hit u with her q. When the enemy laner is able to kill u only with a Vi ult without her q then u should Ward a little more in the back that u can see her before she comes in range.
0	It's hard not to get defensive. If I were sitting home, doing absolutely nothing constructive I would understand the comment and do more. At the moment, I know my husband wants a cleaner house. I do too. At the moment, I had a almost 14 month old daughter, I in a high risk pregnancy (18 weeks tomorrow), and walking with a cane, because due to the pregnancy hormones, my back will not stay in place (I have fallen three or four times because of it, luckily on my big butt). I am exhausted, I have some kind of stomach bug, and I am struggling to get through each day. He helps out a lot. The plan was always for me to stay home with our kids, it's what we both want. I do love it, please don't get me wrong, I am just very, very achy and pregnant and no amount of sleep seems to cover the exhaustion.   I am trying to step it up. If I weren't pregnant, I'd be willing to push it more, but when I am light headed and in pain, I have to sit down or I start getting cramps. I have to be very careful when I hit my limit because if something happens to me I still have to get up tomorrow and do it all over again. So if it isn't on fire, or crying, or meowing, it has to wait. I am dying to clean my home more, but aside from getting the dishes done and putting away some toys and laundry (well, it's washed, but in baskets in the closet).   I know he is doing so much and I hate that I physically can't do more than I am. We are comfortable financially, but I would love to be able to spend a few hour at night when the baby is asleep doing something to bring in a little cash (I refuse to get involve with the pyramid schemes other friends have done because it's a lot of work and you spend more than you make every damn time).   If I saw this I would be incredibly hurt because I already want to be doing more. It would reinforce all my insecurities, and while I am usually pretty rational, being hormonal and tired means I would end up sobbing and feeling like a worthless piece of shit. I would overdo it trying to get stuff done and it would end badly.
1	Afaik Riot doesnt have own servers in europe it uses third party companies for that. Said companies dont have the resourses for how big EUW population is which results in many problems like we experience. Not sure if yesterday's problem have anything to do with it since it was about missing data after maintenace.   Riot said they are building a data center in europe which should be operational soon^tm ...   Apparently europe is like a nightmare for big online games, i think i saw someone say this kinda of problem has happened in other big games in the past.
1	I'm not even ranked yet (lvl20, been playing 2 months) and I know enough to know I'm not good haha. I suppose it also depends who you play with. I keep ending up in 5v5 with friends who are Gold 3. Nothing screws over a lvl 13's confidence then versing Silvers ADC while still figuring out how team fighting works. (Wait? I'm ranged AP? WHY DOES LEONA KEEP JUMPING ME!)
1	You have a very limited understanding of the League system. As I said, do not focus so hard on LP as it is a very vague representation of your standing. Demotes are determined sorely by your hidden mmr. You may lose 4-5 games while being at 0 LP if you are high enough while at the same time you can get demoted right after your first loss. Same thing applies to promotion series in division I. You can trigger your series by winning a game with 80 or less LP or get clamped at 99 forever. Riot already admitted they screwed League system and they intend to change it in the future.
0	This. Even if he did live in an area where there is a large gay social population, most of the ones that go out and are social are younger (in their early twenties to mid thirties). Just remember /u/Phaesus, you can still be yourself, even though you're out. I am sure I can figure out how strange it can be for a recently uncloseted older gay man. When I used to go to the gar bars with my friends, most of the older men there were creepers who gave off weird vibes and tried to get my friends to blow them. Not cute. However, you may be able to get in touch with some other older professional gay men through social websites. If you live near a big town (like Cincinnati or Los Angeles for example) check out their subreddits to see if there are any activities going on there. If you are from a smaller town (like mine) check something like Adam For Adam (I am guessing you might know what that is) I don't know what all you can search for on A4A but I am sure you can probably find people that are around your age that do want to hang out and do more than just hook up if that's what you are into.
0	There is that fine blue line that shows all what makes a cool cop vs. a dickhead cop.   Story - I once went to a bar with some work friends after a long 2nd shift. Our Driver said he would not drink, so Other Guy & I could. Turns out Driver did drink. even set his hand on fire with a flaming Dr. Pepper (thanks foxy bartender for wet toweling him!). Anyway, we left in Driver's car, thinking he was alright. As we had been really drinking, it was a sliding scale for us to look at him.   One failed turn signal & an aggressive passing maneuver, The local county sheriff deputies fired up the cool blue disco lights for us. Drive commented, "Shit, I may be drunk & fail a test."   After we pulled to the side, we were all ordered out. Other Guy & I we ordered to sit one the curb as Driver was given the street side sobriety test. Sad to say kids, he failed... meaning we all had failed on our plan for the evening. Being what was, Other Guy realized he had to pee (drinking, who knew?). He asked local county sheriff deputy 2 if he could run to the Taco Bell and release the processed beverages held inside. Cool local county sheriff deputy 2 actually said yes (if you have been here before, you might recognize most will tell you to deal with it).   So after Driver had been put into the Crown Vic, local county sheriff deputy 2 came to talk to us. Driver had told them he was to be our DD for the night but made a mistake. He admitted to making a mistake (after a much interesting conversation about why he had faucet screens in his glove box) and asked for his car not to be towed away... This is where the GGCop comes into play.   Local county sheriff deputies come over & let me & relieved bladder Other Guy know what was happening. They told us while in theory or night started out with a good plan, we had failed in our objective with letting Driver get behind the wheel. They recommended we head across the street to the local Shari's Restaurant across the street for some coffee. They told us he would be book, but able to be sprung in about two hours, should we want to come pick him up.   The final good humor moment Driver shared with us later on..., "As we were heading down Hyw 14 to the jail, the deputies were listening to KGON & AC/DC's 'highway to Hell" came on the AM/FM... local county sheriff deputy 2 turned & looked back and said, "sorry kid, but do you mind if we turn this up?". Even Driver had to smile at that.   So before I get the hate mail, this was way back when we were 22-23. This is well out of range before a boys brain really starts to think. It was a dumb move all the way around & we were all responsible for not making Driver not drink or, even better one of us decide to stay sober. Everybody was lucky that night, including other car passengers that night.
1	World of Warcraft, as a good example of a game, has it saved to the account, not the local data. Good idea and one that I'm not sure why Riot hasn't implemented already. I reinstall league like 4 or 5 times a year due to issues with my client as a last resort fix and i have EVERYTHING keybinded (recall, shop, level up skills, self cast skills are all set to different keybinds).
1	Without a doubt its a face, if you watch the animation the two upper lights are very well lit while the other dims quickly giving the impression the top two dots represent an eye while the other is a mask.   I'm gonna guess and say its a new totemic-type champion who wears a mask of some kind and possibly is a jungler?   Are we sure he didn't miss a symbol somewhere maybe outside baron pit in the river near the ramp towards Raptors. I was just playing around in paint and the lines all circle dragon pit (as we know its being called Drazza in OCE) and the other is simply a line, but to do the same it has to go around to the rock in river near Baron (which is also having a silly name) perhaps these names are connected or perhaps my crack pipe is a bit overused.
1	I think that the power of an inhibitor should be spread out from the super minion: adjust the balance by reducing health and damage on siege minions, and carrying it over to the caster/melee minions (for example, take away a chunk of the damage and health of a super minion, divide it by six, then spread that over each caster/melee minion).   Remove the current 'rule' that cannon minions start spawning every two waves, as a) it's confusing and unnecessary, b) pushing late game is easy enough, c) it's a strategic element rather than a guaranteed thing.   Then, work 'super siege' minions into the same 'every three wave' 1m30s clock, so that siege/super minions are a strategic element of pushing, rather than something that is guaranteed. They should be a power boost every 3rd wave that allows more aggressive turret tanking, pushes, etc. Have you ever heard, "wait stay -- we have a cannon minion at bot turret"?   The advantage of taking multiple turrets would be getting stacking health/damage bonuses on  all  minions -- not getting three (and even six!) guaranteed super minions spawning at once.   Where does that leave us? Inhibitors take a flat five minutes (300 seconds) to respawn, and siege minions (both super and regular) are on a 90 second timer. The third siege minion (9 waves / 270 seconds / 4m30s) will be the last siege/super wave, then the inhibitor will respawn for the 10th wave, meaning there is a guaranteed siege-free final wave before the inhibitor comes back up. As long as you clear the third super minion and 'nudge' the wave out, you won't have to worry about "shit get back to the base we're losing our inhibitor for free" unless there are egregious circumstances (enemy pre-pushed a wave, used BoC, etc).   Furthermore, this means that inhibitors taken out of sequence (ie, bot inhibitor falls at 32:15, top inhibitor falls at 32:50, so they will have super minions spawning at different times, that teams will need to keep an eye on / defend / push with, if they're attentive), further raising the  skill cap  of the push meta, without outright raising the 'power level'.     Example One -- without any inhibs down       Game Time   30:00   30:30   31:00   31:30   32:00   32:30   33:00   33:30   34:00   34:30   35:00   35:30           Siege?   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes       Super-siege?   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No       Super-minion?   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No   No       Inhib?                               Example Two -- inhib taken after the 'standard' cannon wave       Game Time   30:00   30:30   31:00   31:30   32:00   32:30   33:00   33:30   34:00   34:30   35:00   35:30           Siege?   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes       Super-siege?   No   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No   Yes   No   No       Super-minion?   No   No   No   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes   Yes   No       Inhib?         down                 up         As you can see, the standard 'siege' minions run on the same clock, but when an inhibitor goes down, this clock is interrupted: the first wave post-inhib loss will spawn super siege minions, and the last wave pre-inhib respawn will not (though they'll still spawn the super ranged/melee minions). This is independent of the 'standard' siege minion clock, and independent of the 'clock' of other inhibitors that may fall.   It sounds complex, but gameplay wise it's really not. I blame Reddit's shitty table formatting.
0	Please go back to [r/childfree]( Before you start shit, let me just say, I am pro-choice, I do believe that all women have the choice of whether or not to grow a parasite inside of them.   Now, what about circumstance changes? My husband was able to support the three of us on his income, but that was bare minimum surviving, granted we were/are happy; but we had to move a great distance just for us to be able to enjoy extras. I grew up, due to unforeseeable circumstances, in a very poor household where 4 adults and 3 children (including myself) shared a two bedroom apartment just for survival.
1	I played talon nonstop when he came out for about 3 days straight. My match history should be rather insane if you need reference. But anyways, I consider talon nothing but a burst assassin, and I have had the most luck playing him like that and nothing else. I mean yeah I've won a few 1v1s given the fact that when he's fed, he's a monster. But here's what seems to work for me..   1) I typically aim for a solo lane, where I can farm a decent amount without being bothered too much. 2) I start with my Q first, in case I have to commit to any level 1 fights I feel the additional 50 or so damage with a dot is too hard to pass up. 3) I run full armor pen marks, and quints. With dodge seals (or armor, depending on who I lane against), and cooldown glyphs. (magic resist is optional as well) 4) I love maxing out Q first, the extra damage is huge and honestly way too hard to pass up early game. And I'll max W second. 5) my standard rotation is Q, E, AA, W, ult..  6) my build is - doran's blade, boots of speed (build into merc treads or boots 3 depending on their team comp) vamp scepter, bf sword, then a bloodthirster (again, extra early game damage and survivability), usually I'll grab a phage, build an IE (Crits on your q are disgusting late game), finish frozen mallet, last whisper or black cleaver (black cleaver op), and then a phantom dancer as my last item.   Typically I like to wait for most of the cc on the opposing team to be blown, then I'll E to their most threatening caster, follow up with an AA (with my q) and try to get a w off before I ult as many of them as I can and peace if need be.
1	I understand that he is very strong in professional play, I have seen most teams that pick him win etc. but I don't think his kit is as ridiculous as people think. his strengths are good teamfight with godly laning phase just like kennen but better. Why do I say this? cause his initiation is an all in just like malphite or vi with no possibilities of escape, once you are in you are in, and with the removal of tenacity on his ultimate he can be ccd and made innefective in a fight, that is why he needs his passive, the only change that I see acceptable is to make his slingshot projectile even slower, so that adcs without mobility can get out of the way and prevent the initial knock up, and then he can be peeled and ccd.
1	Because Ahri's is a different skillshot on the way back, because the ability has different mechanics depending which direction it is going.   Ahri: Q forward = magic dmg, Q backwards = True dmg   Draven: Ult forward = decelerates at end, Ult backwards = accelerate at start   Sivir: Q doesn't change regardless of direction.
1	I know I'm stepping into the lion's den here, since it's possible to find studies backing up every position under the sun these days, but here's one example of a study showing that the relationship between gender and competition could be socially influenced:
0	wrong, people appreciate it greatly. in fact, there is a far better one that
0	I work in the online world, working remotely is pretty common in that industry.  Full disclosure I put in my dues before I got to this point.  Almost nobody is going to let a kid straight out of college work from home.  When I first moved to NYC and started my career there were years where I went to work and it was dark outside, took the subway underground to work, and when I went home it was dark outside.  In a way I used to do my budget in terms of how many $1 junior bacon cheeseburgers I had in my account.
1	I get this is about champions being compact with their game style and appearance. Maybe I'm a little out of topic, but I would like to mention Zac and his lore-gameplay-appearance incoherency (reading his lore is recommended to get my point). He was made by some mad scientists in mad city to be a massive murder weapon. When he was growing up, it turned out that he likes candy and dancing, he was cute etc. After all, escaped and became the defender of the weak and helpless. Anyway, if you listen to his voice, it's really deep and smart. And he has angry look. Yeah, he might be the good guy, but he looks kinda of like that crazy villain that he was meant to be when created (last jump of the ult - wow).
1	Finally this issue reaches top page. plz riot, fix this! btw, in case u are trying to find a way to go around this bug, if u reset all the keybindings before u change them, the game wont crash. this doesnt fix the problem since u dont necessarily want ur keybindings to be reset, and have to change them all the games u make, but atleast it allows us to change keybindings without the game crashing
1	League of Legends and other MOBA games create the "perfect storm" for encountering bad mannered players. In my eyes, the biggest factors are:   1.) The anonymity of the internet. You can be the biggest asshole on the internet without feeling guilty or facing any significant consequence.   2.) LoL is a team-based game. It is always easier to blame your teammates for a loss than to criticize yourself for not playing perfectly. Additionally, blaming someone else takes attention away from your own mistakes.   3.) The majority of LoL players have a very shallow understand of general game strategy. I'm referring to players not understanding the roles of certain heroes, strengths and weaknesses of one team composition vs. another team composition, map positioning and awareness, etc.   4.) Differences in playing styles and expectations. For example, some players lane extremely aggressively and have a very gank-oriented play-style. Other players are more passive/defensive in lane and have farm-oriented play-styles. Consider a scenario where the aggro player tower dives for a kill and the passive player hesitates to tower dive. If one of them dives and dies, often times you will hear the aggro player say "zzz why didn't you tower dive?" and the passive player say "zzz why DID you tower dive?" In reality, if both players tower dived they would probably get the kill and not die. On the other hand, if neither player tower dived, they would both be fine as well. This is just a lack of player synergy.
1	Your LP gains and losses in ranked are determined by your MMR compared to what MMR is expected for someone in your tier/division.   EFT = Expected MMR for your tier/division   MMR < EFT --> LP gains < LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a lower division/tier.   MMR = EFT --> LP gains ~= LP losses. The system thinks you are roughly where you belong.   MMR > EFT --> LP gains > LP losses. The system thinks you should be in a higher division/tier.   Furthermore, in division 1 of any tier LP gains/losses are also affected by clamping. Clamping stunts your LP gains/losses. Clamping gets more severe the closer you get to your promotion. It is possible to gain +0 LP for a win if you are at ~99 LP and your MMR is insufficient for the next tier. For more information on clamping please read [this]( post.   Additionally, your LP gains and losses are also affected by the average MMR of your team compared to the average MMR of the enemy team.   For more information about the league system read the [Season 3 FAQ](   For more information about MMR read [this](
0	It's more about not being able to force yourself through it without enjoying it. If you had to memorize the first line by tomorrow I am sure you would still be able to without too much hassle.  Someone with ADHD wont have that level of control over their dopamine levels that the result will usually be difficult to almost impossible for them to achieve, which usually results in them giving up. People with ADD however have what would seem a little more control, but still suffer from a dopamine deficiency making us inattentive to things outside our focus. Kind of like doubling your regular jogging time, after a while it will become a struggle and you will consider just giving up and going home because your not used to that extended distance. In this analogy a normal person would be able to push themselves over the finishing line each time without too much physical exertion, and an ADD person would still sometimes get across but it took everything they had to get there. While in other cases ADD people with skills they enjoy are likely to make the normal persons effort seem like physical exertion.
0	you can decide what shows up on your front page based on what subreddits you are subscribed to. It took me way too long to figure this out.
1	But its impossible to say, right now the koreans are nearly finished their season, and have been in the spotlight since worlds. I mean you have players like froggen who is easily a better player (Imo) than xpeke and pretty close to faker/cool but because his team was much weaker we haven't gotten to see him verse these top Asian mids in a while. SKT never really played any of the best western teams at worlds... they were given a hard time by ozone before worlds and we know what happened when they played fnatic/gambit so using that logic is silly.   Most pro's say a lot of things, before worlds everyone was saying that the EU teams were by far the weakest, dade said no western team could touch them etc. I wouldn't take everything pro players say as gospel. It is a shame KTB weren't at worlds tho, because they are an incredible team.   The way professional league of legend's tournaments are structured just doesn't lend itself well to the whole top player thing. We only get to see the different regions play against each other once or twice a year and even then we don't always get to see the best teams from each region there or play against each other because of the format.   If you were to organise the regions into which are the strongest, i would agree that Korea > China > Europe > NA last season, but that doesn't really equal to them having the best players. More that they had the best infrastructure (Obviously they had a lot of the best players too), they all had gaming houses and coaches whereas most European teams didn't have gaming house etc   That has changed in the last few months tho, and in general the teams from the west have gotten much stronger on paper, we just haven't got to see them in action like the Korean teams because of the different schedules.
1	Uh, it's never okay to play hard-to-get with girls. Don't text them back immediately, but don't be a douchebag and make them wait two days.   NO YOU DON'T. DO NOT TREAT ANY GIRL YOU ARE INTERESTED IN LIKE THIS. The number of times my girlfriends have been seriously interested in a guy only for him to turn around and do this and utterly ruin their interests is great.   Women like to know that their interests is returned, just like men do. Be prompt, but not creepily so (don't reply back to every text the second you get it, wait ten/fifteen minutes or up to an hour or base it off of how quickly she's replying).   Just, facepalm. Facepalm so hard. Why do people still think this was a thing? I would automatically drop any guy who tried to do this to me and by would I mean have in the past because lolwut.
1	Before things get out of hand...   I watched the entire video Travis did with Apollo. Nearing the end of the video, Travis poses the question regarding NA ADC rankings.   To preface his response, Apollo references his time on Team Coast and how he thought (before) that he was a really good ADC. But he says that he made the mistake of emphasizing too much on mechanics as opposed to how an ADC can communicate and work well with their team.   Then Apollo states that he thinks how an ADC works and communicates with his team has to be the top priority when considering an ADC.
1	I'm gay and I feel like I can provide some insight. There are 2 kinds of gay men (there are a ton of "kinds", and everyone is unique, blah blah I'm telling a story) that you will often run into.   The first kind of gay man is the one who tries to emulate what you see in  movies. He's flamboyant, loud, annoying, shouts stupid shit like "girlfriend~" on a regular basis and isn't being ironic. This is what you'll see at those terrible pride parades that put us back 40 years.   The second kind of gay men are completely normal and you generally won't even know he's gay unless you're good friends or see them together.
1	No one really needs a "mansion" like Curse.NA. The main part should be the "come together - play together" feeling and that you learn something about how the ppl react on stuff in RL as well, to understand their behaviour and mentality a way better. But why do they need a huuuuuge mansion with a pool 20 floors etc? Its just not necessary to invest so much money into a mansion where as a normal house can do the same thing.   E.g. when I see the VODs of the CLG-Mansion, there are like no furnitures in there, the resound is kinda annoying and the mansion looks really messy. I wouldn't feel good in that kind of environment.
1	Shen is one of my top 3 most played champs, and it always infuriates me when people use taunt to gapclose. Against a mobile champ such as Vayne, if you try to close the gap with Shadow Dash, you literally used the ONLY CC you have, put it on large cooldown, and have essentially killed yourself. Notice that as soon as Vayne sees this, she just runs away and starts shooting minions and the nexus because she's entirely safe.   Anyone wanting to play Shen: HOLD TAUNT. It is a skill to be feared if you're caught by it, but entirely useless if you miss due to the high energy cost not being partially refunded for landing the taunt. I guarantee if he held it, Vayne would not have ran in like that. Taunt > Q > Ki Strike + Thornmail damage would have probably finished her at that point in the game.
1	I have never been chat restricted and never been banned.
0	I agree! This reminds me of a time I went on a date with a conservative lutheran pastor-in-training. He had lived a sheltered upper-middle-class life in the rural midwest and had learned Spanish in school. He thought this qualified him to minister to immigrants. He has no knowledge of poverty, other cultures, world religions, racism, substance abuse, living without medical care, and endless other issues human beings (especially impoverished immigrants) face. On top of all this, he thought that introspection was "evil."  My Point: Being successful, rich, unafflicted, educated, and talented is NOT what helps you connect to/advise other people. Good advice comes from people who have shared your suffering, know your struggle, are able to empathize and advise from a place of having faced similar challenges.
0	Each of us has a foundation of values that shapes us, that leads us to form our own opinions on gun rights/gun laws.  Each of our opinions is valid, even when reaching totally different conclusions.   Our society now is a product of guidelines/rules/laws that are in place.  An ever-changing "norm" develops, and in context guns, the "norm" now is what we see around us.   Gun rights advocates are right, guns don't kill people, people use guns to kill people.  But people do just about everything.  So get used to them using guns; in every way imaginable.
1	Not a Nasus main, but I think I can help a bit with it as I've got some friends that amined him a lot and played against the dog a lot of times.   I would personally recommend Urgot vs Nasus. You wreck him until levels 1-5, where you have to start playing a bit more careful (controlling minion positioning, timing his W and being aware of his ult and Q farm) and once he gets his ult he'll end up using it for trying to survive an EQQQ combo.   There are 2 ways that nasus will try to deal with you: 1) Still try to farm Q and max it, where it will probably become a free win for you or 2) he'll max E for pushing, getting some minions and farm Q in the jungle, where you will get free farm, and outscale him since he doesn't really have much to farm when the jungle is not his but still lets him become useful faster.   If you want more metalike solutions, I usually pick Lee Sin or Renekton for going all in early and snowballing for winning before Nasus becomes somehow strong. Other possibilities might be Vladimir (you're also weak early, but not like him and your range helps you to bully him since lvl1, even though you need a lot of warding to avoid early ganks) who scales pretty well into mid/late game (not as much as him, but you'll be stronger faster and bring up a lot of damage on teamfights while still being nearly as undying as him).   No matter what you do, don't push that fast his turret. Freeze the lane. Last hit and whenever he comes to take a single minion make sure he loses half his hp bar for it. Only push if you find out that your team needs you on teamfights, and still try to never let Nasus farm a single minion by going back to lane and freezing it when he's around.
1	I think he will perform very well as an analyst as he has all the correct raw components for this. I would much prefer a sports coach as coach of team   A sports coach?  No, the coach NEEDS a background in league of legends, or at the very least e-sports.  If he had some random athletic sports background, the players he is coaching will not fully respect him/listen to him.  I mean if it was Bill Belichick, or some other sports God,  they might respect him, but those guys are few and far between, and the players still might not respect him because he doesn't know shit about league.   Monte is gold elo I heard, but the players  respect  him because he displays his analytic skills and game knowledge while casting for the most talented region playing league currently.  If they didn't respect Monte, despite all of his game knowledge, he would be useless as a coach.
1	the point of a free to play game is so that 10% of the population pay to get things and won't lose interest easy in the game while 90% of the people who play for free have something to  always work for and will be people available for easy and quick match making for the 10% that do pay.
1	Not sure I agree with advice given so far, not wholly at least.   Orianna  wants  you to attempt to lane with her. Fuck that. Don't even attempt to lane in any prolonged passive sense with her, because she can out-harass you for free.  Jump on dat robot (!!!1)  whenever your cd's are down, particularly with a bursty AD champ like Corki, and push her right out the lane. And don't wait until she's already harassed you to half health, because that's her plan.   It'll make her use her flash because she has no reliable escape, almost guaranteed, which will make her an easy gank target if she thinks it's smart to stay in the lane with low hp.
1	I dunno, I started back into Dota because a few friends wanted to try it out and the tutorial was about 10 minutes and showed me how to use skills and kill creeps it didn't talk at all about different stat scaling, denying, destructible terrain etc. I think it is really telling the difference in audience and skill level of players.   I think League just ramped everything up too high, I think exp to level and IP costs should all be reduced by 50-66% and everything would be fine. When the game was initially released you could spend about $35 and get every champion plus some boosts and left over RP to get other things. It was very easy to get every champion and then just keep up with new releases. However, now if a new player comes in it seems really overwhelming having to get a new champion every 30ish games or pay $5-$10 each. I think they just needed to scale with the times or make more bundles of 20-30 characters for cheaper amounts.   I also think they really missed the boat with their achievements which they initially had planned. They could have done cool things like let you unlock a new champion when you get a penta-kill or unlock a skin for a champion if you win 25 games with them etc.   Realistically, if you can tell the roots of both games. Riot was a start up that had very little funding making a game they had no idea the popularity of, this lead to a really crappy client at the start which has been a problem for them ever since. I really wish they had a team in house working on a new client and they can release a new big patch that has a whole new integrated client.   I think I rambled there...
1	I disagree with DoubleLift, I feel like there is definitely talent in top lane. In my honest opinion the current meta doesn't show true talent. Season 2 and 3 were great examples of talent. Remember VoyBoys 2 v 1 double kill, that proved that there was talent.
1	Riot does fine for the most part- it's when they introduce elements with no real basis to what they have done before that they really fall short. A good example of this would be Azir, who added a lot of things the game had never seen before or implemented to the extent previously.   League's code base has almost certainly grown substantially since it's infancy, and what they have done with their engine that is now five+ years old is pretty remarkable.   Coding is not as simple as you make it out to be, testing is NOT plug and play,and Riot- contrary to popular belief- is quite human.   Is Kalista passive/Relic Shield a bug? It's not up to you or I to determine that- because the implementation of Kalista's W passive makes sense logically. However, just because something makes logical sense doesn't mean that it feels good to the player.   If Riot feels that the current behavior sucks (I, for what it's worth as an ADC main, feel that it does), then they will change it- and if the changes to how her W damage functions that are on the PBE are to be believed, they are.
1	I'll go ahead and leak what i know about her lore. Half of this is speculation the other half is true but will not be included in her official lore. The beginning is mostly speculation but everything after Demacia is certain.   They probably betrayed her by killing her master with some sort of wind technique and then making it look like she did it. Meanwhile noxians killed her family and she was stuck guarding an evil well power source thing and couldn't assist them. So she goes against her now dead masters teachings and opens an evil box thing which makes her hate balance and embrace the sun. However she soon learns that the moon is an equally as strong if not stronger source of power after she comes across a bad ass weapon in a hidden cave or something. Then after leading the team that created blitzcrank she comes accross a man getting his ass kicked by a group of men and attempts to help him. However she ends up turning him into a werewolf. Now being hunted by warwick and rengar she flees to demacia but was given no quarter and goes to bilgewater instead. Resisting the charm of miss fortune she starts her quest to find her missing father Du Couteau the former leader of noxian who vanished mysteriously. She makes the mistake of trusting twisted fate who sells her out to thresh in exchange for lucians wifes soul. Arriving at the shadow isles she meets a dude who really loves his shovel and attempts to bury her. Distracted by his passion for his shovel and digging he digs too deep and out pops skarner who is pissed because magic is causing trees to come to life and ruin his 3v3 game... This causes skarner to rage quit after feeding  and spamming all chat begging for reports. Kalista who is now on tilt becomes  feuled by rage and cuts her way to the Freljor where she becomes the new troll king. Just wanting to relax she makes her way to the bar and gets smashed with gragas and jax. Gragas will not stop belly dancing and jax keeps cracking the same joke "imagine if i had a real cup" followed by the same pick up line "who wants a piece of the champ". Somehow this works and she ends up sleeping with jax. Turns out jax was actually leblanc pretending to be ahri dressed up as jax using charm.  Anyway she gets all preggers and decides she really just wants to be a baker. 9 months and much burnt poro snax later.... Teemo is born but immediately killed by phreak while making kalistas champion spotlight. The spotlight cuts to Hecriam getting beat. Tons of damage. Shaco appears out of no where laughing at teemos death followed by twitch appearing next to shaco demanding a sandwich. Kalista agrees to get the sandwitch but lets them know if the tables were turned she would show no mercy. Before she can even take 2 steps Rammus flash taunts over the wall and says the word that will change kalista forever "Okay...." This was followed by a surprise party thrown by fiddlesticks who gets a triple kill. Double jungle op!! She starts to blame her top lane cho'gath for all the terrible things that have happened even though none of it was his fault. She begs him leaves top lane and team fight claiming that if he just grouped they could end. Unfortunately for her it turned out to not even be cho'gath... it was the god damn loch ness monster who replied by asking for tree fiddy. Shaco and twitch went afk while taric stood at fountain letting everyone know that this game was truly truly outrageous. Kalista felt alone and abandoned by her team and watched helplessly as Master yi used his amazing point and click mechanics to finish off the base. Mister Yi 2 shot the nexus but not before saying "xpece" and "easy noobers rekt"... The whole game Neither their top Nasus or the loch ness monster left top lane and rumor has it they are still there afk farming waiting for three fiddy.  Kalista lost her promo to get out of bronze 4 that day for the tenth time but learned a valuable lesson. A lesson that helped her climb all the way to bronze 2. That's the day she learned "you can't milk these without first making the ticking stop or setting the world on fire because rock solid."
0	Back in middle school, my teacher called out each of our ssn to the respective student so we could write our own down.   This one kid writes my ssn on his folder and tells the others he wrote it down and was going to keep it. Me being the scrawny asian kid and him being the big mexican kid, there was no way I could physically erase/remove it while he was watching. I tried to tell the teacher in class, but she ignored me.   Luckily, after class, we left our folders there.   I took the opportunity to confront her again, and sure enough, my ssn was written in black ink on the front of the kid's folder. She ripped it off and apologized to me. She thought he was joking.
0	Imo the 'fap' thing is a joke. In /r/cringe you see all sorts of "fapfapfapfap" fb comments on pics of girls or whatever. I guess I can just talk about me personally, but I don't think I've ever fapped to anything I announced I was fapping to.   The idea of people masturbating to these leaked celebrity photos is offensive, so naturally the people who are amused by the leaks are going to push that angle to get more hilarious outrage. And it's working! Commentators are frothing at the mouth, and  that's  hilarious.   (I haven't masturbated to any of these celeb pics, and I likely never will because I don't find the pics or subject matter that attractive. But I'll continue being on the amused side of this.)
1	This is inaccurate in the sense that, in this case, the banana is a clear reward. It's a good banana, a delicious banana, nothing bad can happen if you have that banana.   Hence, it's stupid of the other monkeys  not  to try to get the banana.   BUT!  This cannot apply to LoL because there's no  guarantee  that the banana is good!   In LoL, the banana could be disgusting; the banana could be filled with arsenic; the banana could actually be the larva of a Cthulu-like otherworldly being in the shape of a banana hoping to lure an unsuspecting ape into eating it and then fester inside its guts using the ape biomatter to manifest into its horrible mature form and it will unleash a 1000 years of pain and suffering upon the world.   Is that what you want, Styval, a thousand years of pain and suffering because you went AP Teemo? Is it?  IS IT?
0	Return the favor, but not maliciously.  It's really hard to explain.  One accidentally snuck out of my SO at the time during the worst possible moment, the worst possible moment!  We just laughed because it killed the mood.  It didn't gross me out, just blew my hair back a lil.  My point is is; you have to be comfortable with who you are, and the person you are opening up to (hopefully they will be comfortable with you as well).   Now back to returning the favor.  There is, of course, the dutch oven (needs no explanation).  The "I swear I'm awake release" where you smile, snuggle your SO and let go of everything.  There is also "scoop and feed" but that is best done betwixed bros with serious braggadocio of the stench.  The subtle lean to the "side and let it slide" is my  specialty (sitting on the sofa and my knee hurts and needs to be stretched?  Yeah, its not my knee! I often "have knee problems" with the knee not next to her just so I can lean to that side and let one fly).  The last method I can think of is pretty devious, and has come back to bite me (I shampooed every seat in her car).  In a car on a road trip let it go, force it out if necessary(where I ran into trouble) and make sure the windows are UP, then open their window so all of the gas has to pass them on the way out.
0	Well, beenhazed. I think it's time for us to leave Reddit. You are being downvoted, and below you, and I fucking quote:   "and I'm not even that tall. Maybe it makes it easier for them to cross under the fence?"   Is being upvoted. Dear god.   But in all honesty  if you came to Reddit like me because the internet is full of bigoted immature assholes, I think it's time we start to accept the fact they found Reddit and start looking for the signal to leave. Sorry, but this is the circle of life. It's a shame, I actually liked this forum this time. I NEVER thought it would come to this. Never. I thought Reddit would be different :( In a matter of months we will be a 4chan clone. Horrible grammar, 0 world opinion, faggot and nigger the highest used words. Posts all go from space and science to naked teen girls and gore. Community effort where everyone comes together will go from donating to others, to prank calling people asking for battletoads.  Entire collective intelligence quotient drops nearly 100 points, Every. single. word. has it's suffix changed to "fag". A Utopian paradise filled with enough bigotry, misogynistism, and ignorance for everyone!
1	For soloQ, I usually get Chalice (I also usually play lux, with has a super range advantage.) instead of double dorans because I can't trust my teammates to reliable pass it to me, or for myself to keep it. It's the ultimate "Well, I'm not sure on my teammates competency, sooo... I'll trust my own." the Athenes that it builds into is essentially what most AP mids want anyhow.
1	Indeed. People tend to be much nicer if I just say I screwed up when I did. I know I'm way more inclined to give a "np" when someone screws up and says so. It shows that you realize your mistake and will try to avoid it in the future. What tends to get me mad is when someone dies and immediately blames a teammate for his death. 80% of the time it was his own damn fault. People who dont talk at all are somewhere in the middle ground for me. I think it gives the impression that the guy just doesn't care about the game, and doesn't give me any confidence that he won't go and do the exact thing that got him killed last time.
1	For being someone who played a lot Nautilus top, i dont recommend it. You're able to trade well only when your shield is up, and in laning, it gets destroyed quite fast. You build tanky ? Useless dmg, condemned to lose the lane. You build dps ? You'll be depoped and cant use your cc at their maximum efficiency.   You especially dont wanna lane against ranged champs and late game champs. You dont want early trades cause you'll be squishy. Even fed, you wont be able to be a big deal to your opponents. Nautilus top doesn't bring enough utility to his team compared to the dmg he wont bring, unlike a Maokai or a gragas.
0	Interesting anecdote on friendzoned guys from my ex:   Back when my ex wife and I were dating, she had this guy who used to hang around her all the time.  They had been 'friends' for about a year prior to me meeting her.   It was completely obvious he was into her yet he was completely stuck in the friendzone.  He was always bringing her things and she always called him whenever she needed a favor.  This guy basically spent every dime he had on her before we started dating and he continued to do so even after our relationship became serious.   I eventually brought the issue up to her b/c I thought she was leading him on and it wasn't fair to him.  She told me that he had expressed a desire to be 'more than friends' on a few occasions but she always dismissed the notion without telling him what she really felt; that he was unattractive and she had no intentions of ever being romantically involved with him.  I told her that she needed to cut him loose so he could pursue other girls and he was effectively wasting his time with her.   Her response to this was something that hit me hard and has stuck with me forever - She explained that she didn't want to cut him loose for a few reasons...     He was genuinely a nice guy and he was a nice friend to have around if no other girls were available.     As a guy, he provided a usefulness that other girls could not provide: He was able to help with guy-related tasks such as working on her car or heavy labor.     Additionally, b/c he was a guy who was attracted to her, she knew that she had a power over him that she didn't have over other female or male friends.  She knew she could call this guy at 2am on a Tuesday and he would drop what he was doing to help her out/come get her/ or simply listen to her complain.       She summed up these points by explaining that he was "her bitch".  She said that "all girls have a bitch" (friendzoned guy) that they keep around for emotional and physical support.  A "bitch" can be counted on at all times - he won't assert himself too much so there's no risk of shifting power like there is in traditional friendships or romantic relationships.  To her, the "bitch" was a comfortable insurance policy against any real relationship.   This perspective truly opened my eyes.  Now when I see people complain about being stuck in the friendzone, I want to slap them in the face.  What they don't realize is, there literally is no way to get out of the friendzone when you're dealing with people like my ex.  In terms of status, the only value the "bitch" has is his usefulness  when he is stuck in the friendzone .  If the "bitch" wakes up and realizes he has other options and moves on to another female, then the power dynamics shift and he  ceases to be useful .   My ex obviously doesn't speak for the entire female gender, but her perspective is at least worth taking note of.
1	While I agree with what you said, most of those items wouldn't be built typically. For example, who would build a banner of command besides heimerdinger and zyra? Abyssal scepter isnt a great items, Liandry's is flat out terrible, Tear would only be built over Athene's if the enemy was an AD mid laner, Twin Shadows is more of a support item, pretty bad on mid laners.
1	I main mid lane and I play Diana, but I've seen top lane bruiser Diana and Jungle Diana. You shouldnt be asking for her kit to be inclined towards 1 aspect of her, people play her in different roles because of her kit being to confusing as to what she really is. But I would hate to have Diana mid taken away, I would completely lose my main champion just because people think she was meant to be a jungler.   I agree her lanning phase sucks and she needs some good buffs/changes, but these changes should make her playable in all the roles shes played in, pretty much like Riven would (I play mid Riven) but there's jungle Riven as seen in the Korean meta and there's the original Top lane Riven.   Here's some ideas (Ofc I will be inclined with Asssassin Diana, I play Mid lane) What if her R didn't consume the other Q marks she landed? that would make her skillcap as well as her mobility in teamfights better. Also I agree with swapping E with R, what if her new E became a targeted dash to enemies, but can also be used as a non-skillshot dash when used to escape, but if you did that it would go on cooldown.   What if her new R (Which is now her E) gave her resistances accordingly to how many champs she pulled in? What if it also did damage? That would make her bursty and a pretty good assassin in her own criteria as a melee AP assassin with high mobility and teamfighting pressence, not just assassinations.   I agree her sustain issues have to be revisited as well, her Q needs to be stronger too since its her farming tool most of the time, she will get denied a lot in lane.   I dont hate other people who play Diana in other roles, but to me really shes an AP assassin and should be played Mid, thats what makes her appealing to me and I would hate seeing her being 0% viable in mid, shes already not viable as a champion. Hence why you will never see her in competitive play.
1	His point is that if you buy a champion with RP it's cheaper (in RP) than buying an IP boost and buying a champion with the resulting IP. His figure of where it becomes more efficient to boost is way off (it's 6 games a day for the duration of your boost, assuming you use per win boosts and have a 50% win rate), but it's still a good argument.
1	So as a main AP Yi player for about a year or 3, these are my thoughts on the remake FROM AN AP POINT OF VIEW!:   Passive change: With the passive change, you no longer can setup a double strike for an additional piece of harass on an enemy. Where a good Yi player will use minions to harass the enemy, get a double strike and Q an enemy instead (or minion near enemy) and throw in an AA for the extra damage, this is no longer possible, as the counter gets reset after leaving combat. Especially in early game the cooldown between Q's is way too long for you to properly setup a double strike in between for this same purpose in the new system.   Q change: This spell prioritizing close targets is another thing that removes all of an AP Yi's playstyle. The main trick behind playing him is knowing how to handle an enemy's minions in such a way that you know your Q is gonna hit him, either by Q-ing a minion that will die when your are in flight, Q-ing when the minions just pop out of FOW with the enemy around and more stuff like this. Also part of the randomness is a thing that can get a Yi rolling. Imagine an enemy escaping from a Yi, running through it's minions. As an AP Yi really only has 1 ability to do damage to enemies to, when an enemy is escaping AP Yi who just used everything he might get lucky on a Q on the minions, killing the champion while he is just getting away from his minions. With the new system there is no chance in hell you will get the running champion. In lane this will mean you can only harass an enemy when there are 3 or less minions in your wave because as far as i know there is nobody who stands next to his melee minions all the time... The aa shortening the cooldown on this is ok for teamfights actually because in longer teamfights, when highlander is gone, you are just standing around waiting for Q's to come off cooldown... And then the biggest problem: IT DOES PHYSICAL DAMAGE!!!   W change: Instead of giving him armor and magic resistance, which is a good thing because a Yi is squishy as is and very prone to get CC-ed, they are going for some kind of damage reduction. I do now know how this is going to work out but it seems to me that this is going in the direction of a %-based reduction or something. I am not sure about this change. Mostly nice for AD Yi i think because it will heal more the less health you have. Also the damage reduction effect being less against turrets makes me think it removes part of the niche of this ability. Early, mid and (early) endgame you are not able to properly tank turrets with this skill yet any way and in the endgame you have enough AP so the armor on the skill is not what you are tanking the turret on.   E change: I dont really care about E, the only thing i use E on on AP Yi is for when my lane is gone and i am pushing the turret, when i am taking my blue or in the endgame to get my sheen proc going. It is going to be a percentage of either total ad or bonus ad but like i said i dont really care. The active adding true damage is actually quite nice for AP Yi, however it scaling with his AD makes it less interesting again.   R change: The big change here is that they are splitting highlander into a passive and an active effect, with the passive effect being the thing that yo really needed for AP Yi. It says it reduces the base cooldown by an amount on champion skill, which make me thing that it does not reset your skills at all, making Q chains impossible, this removing the thing that makes a Yi, when he DOES get lucky in a fight with his Q (getting kills with this in a teamfight can still be quite difficult) the king of kills.   Itemisation is gonna change as well, as Q is going to do physical damage. With this champion only having 1 real ability to do damage with as AP, the thing that you would build is Magic Pen, AP and err.... More Magic Pen! Sorc boots, liandry, void staff, lich bane can all go down the drain for AP Yi.   And then to the skins: The base skin looks ok, it looks like some updated coloring and modeling of the old one so i like it, but then we get to the others: Assasin skin - Got changed from some shadowy black figure to some weird kind of purple dude Chosen skin - They kept the lasersword but basically removed the full coloring of the skin. The cool light and blue coloring just fit the character really well but they just blatanly removed it. Samurai - Looks way too much like base Yi skin now colorwise Headhunter - Actually looks good now :D   So from a skin point of view, they updated the base skin, uglified assasin, chosen and samurai skins and made headhunter Yi look good.   So all in all: Thanks RIOT, for removing the one champion that got me hooked to the game, the one champion that gave me my first penta, the one champion that gets called the dunkmaster for a reason, the one champion i bought all skins for for the full price, because i just wanted them on my favorite LoL champion ever, the one champion that can turn the worst teamfight into an ace with 1 lucky Q. There is no rework here, instead of having 2 champions in 1 (AP and AP Yi), they are removing these 2 and making a new champion all together and removing a shitload of his playstyle.
0	This issue is so convoluted that it has been almost impossible for me to form an opinion on it, being a pacifist. I understand what people have to give up and do, but at the same time I don't agree with their decision to be in the armed forces. There is also the fact that I think the War on Terror was and is a horrible idea. I understand that many people have suffered losses due to terrorism, but I find that the idea of declaring a war on an Idea is about as useless as shooting bullets through smoke. It seems to me to resemble Vietnam, when everyone thought communism was the big, evil, spreading superpower. We decided to try to play the heros and ended up in one big shit hole. I'm not saying that terrorism is exactly like communism, but there are parallels between the situation we are in now and the one we were in almost 60 years ago.
1	Not gonna read all the advice everyone else gave, but I will say that Vayne is one of the hardest ADCs to play. Her only "damaging" ability is her E and that launches people away from you, pretty counter-intuitive for a champion who is meant to deal the most damage, right? I remember when I first played her I didn't understand how to move and attack; honestly, that's why I bought her, because she was hard and I was accustomed to playing mages, some of which--Brand--have all their abilities do damage to enemies. I am starting here because Silver 5 can mean many things, you could have 5 ranked wins and be freshly 30, or you could have 500 wins and have just made it out of Bronze. All of this being said, I would suggest trying a different ADC. Not saying switch your main, but play someone like Caitlyn or Lucian. The reason I suggest these two is that the way you outplay your opponent is intrinsic to their kit; your q does damage, your w has utility, your e can be an escape or initiate, your r is really easy to use. With Vayne, everything is all auto-attacks all the time. Even more than that, Vayne is 100% about positioning, and out-positioning your opponent is incredibly challenging (see: World Championships). Caitlyn or late-game Tristana can be far more forgiving with how you position, Vayne not so much. You said that you are always told that "Vayne has a crappy early game," playing these other ADCs will help you to understand why she is crappy and how to play her appropriately. And no matter how much advice you take or understand or apply, you will probably still lose most of your lanes, but that is something you will learn about Vayne (and any and all ADCs you play subsequently) is that getting farm is how you win.
0	yea this happened to my parents, my dad moved my older brother and his wife from the US to Italy. My grandparents from my mother side, who were always a wedge in their relationship, ended up coming to "visit" 3-5 months at a time, and they were literally on the phone with my mother for hours everyday. So now we're back in the US because their constant presence caused a series of events which eventually led to us getting legally kicked out of our house in Italy, and because my dad lost his job. They had promised us a House and a car. My grandpa crashed the car, and they gave the house to my moms brother. My mom still gives all of her attention to her father, and I have no idea how my dad has managed to put up with her bullshit for so long.
1	You should strive to atleast be decently farmed. Marksman scale mostly with gold, so an underfarmed adc will alwas lose to an underfarmed mid/top.   For your team to be at an advantage, you only really need to out cs your opponent, but you do need to be relatively fed to be relevant.
1	I mean, Ahri basically spends the whole video running (is she oom? lol) and doesn't even carry/summon her orb until she oneshots Zyra (really)   cd? oom?   and also the cinematic try to be more "realistic", thats why champions keep geting 1 shoted.   how hard is it to understand?   >  Near the end Rengar comes out of stealth and just keeps staring at Darius for no reason.   again, a more realistic aprouch with a touch of drama. You know, a cinematic is not a replic of what you do on SR. It woulndt be fun at all to see a cinematic of draven AA all day long...   > Draven manages to miss an auto attack.   realistic touch...
0	I was on a business trip to a training class, and all the people attending stayed in the same hotel near the training facility. Everyone went out for drinks the night before class. The bus to take us to training was to be outside the hotel, and leaving at 8am sharp. Anyone not on it, missed the class. This was a big deal seeing as how the company paid for everything, flights, rooms, transportation, per diem, and the class. Well i got shitfaced. Like whiskey chased by beer all night shitfaced. Finished up at 2am arguing with locals outside. Made it up to my room somehow and passed out on top of the covers, completely clothed. I set no alarm. I woke up completely at 7:45am and made it outside to the bus at 8:01 when the bus started moving. They stopped and let me on. I threw up multiple times in the bathroom during training.
0	Ask any historian and they will say you are absolutely wrong. Slavery was the catalyst for the war and the underlying motivation throughout for the south.   From Alexander Stephen's famous "cornerstone speech":   "Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition."   [Whole speech here](   Virtually every reason for secession is linked to slavery (state rights issue over slavery, commerce of slavery and labor, etc).
0	My parents are Amway distributors and I can personally tell you skeptics/haters things, because I am really sick and tired of all the things people talk about it. My comment is mostly objective, as I've grown up in "Amway family" but probably won't have my Amway career (my reason is that I have a dream job I love doing) except using products. Anyway:   1) It's not a cult/sect/religious obsessive thing. It's a business involving people, and people are different. Some are aggressive, some calm etc... Amway does not teach and/or encourage forcing people to join them. My parents have a stable business built, earn enough money not to go to work and have a nice life and have many friends OUTSIDE of Amway, because they don't force people to do anything.   1a) It doesn't have to do anything with Christianity. As I said in part 1, Amway distributors may be Catholic and (as religious people might act)  want to do things in name of the Lord etc... Amway is also in Islamic/Hinduistic ... countries, so that's total bullshit. Again, mixing business and personal life is a mistake people do, not that of a system.   3) If you don't work, you won't get any money out of it. Simple as that. And it's a hard work too, but with (possible) great benefits. Whoever tells you of magical money-making opportunities is full of shit. [This]( comment describes why.   3a) I understand there is a lot of hatred towards this company, let me elaborate on that. This is based mostly on bad experiences of people with Amway business owners, because of passive aggression, forcing, religion, bending the rules of the system (saying you HAVE to buy things there)... There people have mostly joined in order to make money fast and easy (which is not possible, see point 3). When they fail at doing so, they call it a scam.   3b) Also, on buying CDs, tapes, books and attending seminars- what most of the critics hold a grudge against-it's not an obligation, but this is a business where you sell stuff and have contact with people, which many people are not born-ready to do perfectly. It's an acquired skill. These things are mainly there to help you with communicating skills, confidence and self-growth. It has nothing to do with Amway, it's about becoming a businessman (If you want solid proof, 99% of recommended reading books are from authors like Robert Kyosaki and Zig Ziglar, their works are bestsellers and read by people that neven even heard of Amway)   4) I like the products very much and I cant picture myself not using them, but that is of course very subjective. Although it's stupid not to use a product you like if you don't like a company, but whatever.
0	My band was playing a club in Pulaski, TN one time, and it was a three hour drive to the place. We had stopped at a Hardee's about 2 hours away, and the food was working on me HARD.   So we get there, and I need to shit something awful. Luckily, there were only a couple of people in the club because, unknown to us before we drove all the way out there, the whole damn town was down at the river for some sort of festival. Probably a Klan rally or some shit.   Anyway, I hit this toilet running. It was seriously the nastiest and stinkiest bowl-full of excrement that I have ever had come out of me. Relief. So I wipe, get up and flush.   I'm washing my hands when I hear water (and shit) pouring out if the toilet. This son of a bitch is completely clogged. There is no plunger. There is no way to clean this up. So, for some reason, my brain tells me to just leave it and go back to setting up our equipment.   Fast forward 2 minutes. An old drunk-ass man from the bar decides he needs to take a piss. He goes to the door, opens it, and exclaims to the whole bar, "That boy shit a goddamn wildcat in here. And it's every-fucking-where!" The whole bar (10 people) look straight at me. I tell them I'm sorry and duck my head into some equipment.   I watched the bartender clean up the bathroom, gagging, pissing, and moaning the entire time.   They closed the bar early. We made $40 that night. They never invited us back.
1	As we all know, having high solo queue ranking doesn't mean anything about your prospects of becoming a pro player.   Yes, because all the pro players you see today were picked up when they were low ELO scrubs. /sarcasm   >Solution: Remove the challenger tier from solo queue and remove the cap on league points in Diamond 1, or change the challenger tier to allow an unlimited amount of people in solo queue.   DIAMOND 1 WOULD BE THE SAME THING AS CHALLENGER, THERE WOULD BE NO POINT. Holy shit. If you removed challenger there would be no way to see the top rankings of the ladder, WHICH IS THE WHOLE POINT OF RANKED PLAY.   >Challenger tier is useless in solo queue because it is meant to be a gateway for new players to go pro, but solo q is no indicator of your performance in the professional scene.   Basically Challenger is there to CLEARLY show who is at the top of Solo Q, if they happen to get picked up by a pro team then good for them.
1	God damn you protect that AD dealing wizard on your team and you God damn die if it means that little guy gets a 5 man, because your job soldier, your job is to make sure the damage dealer do what he do and what he do is deal that damage. But if you have a good support/another tank you may have to adapt to the role of forcing their carries out of a fight by CC'ing and just jumping straight on them like a bunny in heat.
0	I have a simple philosophy: anything you spent a lot of time with, invest in it but at the same time don't spent frivolously. As a software developer, I have the means to buy a new mac every 6 months if I so desired. I don't. That would be frivolous. I save money and only spend when it's worth it.[1]   I buy new mac laptops every two years. I'm still using my iPad 1 that I purchased after several months of saving in college. (No regrets, I used the hell out of that thing) I probably won't buy another 10" iPad for another year or two if at all. I just don't have a pressing need. I will preorder the iPad Mini when Apple gets around to releasing it. The mini is small enough use at a coffee shop. The full size model is just too large.   I have an iPhone but I didn't purchase it until I had the money and Apple released a model that could replace my point and shoot camera. I do buy a new sub-$100 ereader every time B&N or Amazon comes out with a new model but these double as gifts. (Hello Whitepaper!) When I'm done playing with my new purchase, I give away the ereader I don't want to a friend.   So that said...   I have a Macbook Pro with Retina Display™. It's the most amazing machine I ever owned. It's replace all 3 computers I had when I purchased it. I can finally have a triple monitor setup on my mac. God, I love this machine. It's replaced all of the other computer hardware in my apartment. It makes me amazingly happy.   Could I get by on a used Macbook Air? Yes. I did for a year and it sucked balls when I wanted to do more than basic development. It's well worth an extra $1000 to have a blissful experience than a shitty one where 10% of the time I'm limited by my machine.   Could I get by on a cheap netbook? Sure. I used a $700 HP laptop loaded with linux in college. It lasted 2 years before it started powering off if it was moved more than an inch or was bumped too hard. I still have it. I could use it in an emergency. It would suck and I wouldn't be able to enjoy the tight integration between my phone, ipad and laptop.   Let's put it this way,     If you're looking for calories to keep you on your feet for the next 5 hours, McDonalds can do that for $2.     If you're looking for a tasty and satisfying meal, you can hit the local Pho place for $8.    If you want take your time and really enjoy lunch, you can hit up sushi for $20 and drink free green tea.     If you really like to eat fancy and you have the means, why would you spend your lunches at McDonalds?   Let me repeat, if you live to really enjoy great meals and you have more than enough time and money to enjoy them, why would you eat at McDonalds?   [1]: I do have unfortunate fetish for IKEA furniture. That is frivolous and expensive. I spent 15 minutes drooling over a chair yesterday. I purchased $200 worth of desk instead. (Built a standing desk today. I can pretend it's for my health) I'm pretty good with electronics though I almost bought 42" TV on woot the other day. Almost. I do give myself an unlimited evening coffee budget but it's kind of hard to spend damaging amounts of money on coffee. I made my morning caffeine at home during the week. No exceptions. I eat lunch at home unless I need to socialize with coworkers. (max 2x/wk) Otherwise I would be dropping $50+ a day on coffeeshops for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. My spending is in control, barely.   Edit: I forgot. I also have a fetish for messenger bags. Total spending over 4 years is less than $400 so it's not too bad. New $300+ device usually means a new bag to go with it. Though my latest purchase was more than I really needed to spend:
1	This is one of the better comments in this thread. When a muslim does something wrong, media jumps all over him with the headlines "Arab hijacks plane" or "Arab kills X amount of people", and they make sure to highlight the word  arab  or  muslim , while bringing their nationality and/or religion up as much as possible.   Then when a western person does an act of terrorism, lets say the Utøya shootings, they only mention that it happened in Norway, and only briefly mention the nationality of the person. The person is not  called "Norwegian terrorist", he is called "Anders Behring Breivik". Same with the school shootings in the USA, where they didnt call the shooter a terrorist, although what he did was indeed terrorism.   This obviously directs attention to where its due,  the actual terrorist, not the religion or the inhabitants of a country . Nobody calls Norwegians serial killers. Doing that is just sheer stupidity, but calling an arab "suicide bomber" or "terrorist" is obviously A-Okay.
0	You guys fail to realize that each state is its own sovereign body that can place taxes. Counties and cities can tax as well. Then you also have federal taxes. All Americans know that tax is not added. You go from state to state and Mcdonalds will always have a dollar menu. It might be $1.08 in North Carolina, and $1.05 in Florida. For most suppliers, to have to look up tax information for every state and adjust each individual price tag on the bag and rack would be ridiculous. Nobody in America complains about this because it is never so much of a price difference. For example if I buy three things from the dollar menu I know its gonna be about 3.20 or so. The cashier rings it in, full price comes up, I pay accordingly.
1	I love how OddOne acts like a child most of the time (no offense, he simply does and I love him for that, just think about all dat hecarim noise and so on <3) but when he has to do like "his job" and stream and do a Q&A, he is really mature and proffesionel.
0	He may have implemented severely ineffectual abstinence programs in Africa, thereby giving money to people who shared his normative opinions on what sort of "sex ed" should be given   People always point this out, and I always feel like saying  so what ? His program  did  save lives, are pretty universally considered to be very successful and your dragging in the US sex-education debate doesn't change any of that. I understand the argument that he might have saved more lives if condoms had been stressed more than abstinence--I do. But are you aware of the religious climate of sub-Saharan Africa? Are you aware of the infrastructure problems in the region? Framing this in the context of the US sex ed debate is overblown and, frankly, Americentric. I seriously doubt the African people (with whom Bush was consistently popular throughout his presidency) care much whether his policies were progressive enough for your tastes.
0	I'd like to think I'm an alright guy. I'm not horribly messy, but I'm not a neat freak. I stay up pretty late or get up fairly early, but I don't make much noise. All I ask from my roommates is that they not wreck the place or otherwise make life difficult in the form of being loud at night or burying the floor in their dirty laundry and garbage.   Throughout college, I never once had a roommate that I stayed friends with after we moved out. Normally I'm of the opinion “see an asshole in the morning, that person's probably an asshole, but if you see assholes all day, maybe YOU'RE the asshole, " but I never once managed to have a roommate who respected me, my things, or my privacy.   Now that I'm out of school, I live alone, and my blood pressure is the lowest it's ever been. It's not terribly conducive to helping me deal with my depression but it's a hell of a lot better than the state my mental health was in when I had no private space.
1	ok second idea, create a similar campaign as p diddy endorsed, vote or die, but rename it, watch our coverage or we come to shit on your porch. and if you can actually get p diddy that'd help.   other than that, I like watching the interviews after the games, asking players why they thought they should of head this route with itemization or what they thought of the opposing team they just lost to or what they think about the next curse match coming up and who'll be the most trouble for them. but that's just me.
0	Actually this is the best time to invest in a house. It's what they call an upside down market right now, meaning most mortgage payments are cheaper than rent. Also, since the housing market is still down, houses will appreciate more as the market recovers.
1	Honestly, I feel the general opinion that a 'coach' is needed in this game is extremely bizarre.   If we have the same expectations for a coach in League as we have in other professional sports, what do we believe they will bring to the table?  I may be way off, by my observation is that a coach primarily brings decades of experience to a team, along with several other ancillary skillsets: player acquisition, handing the daily roster issues (injuries, illnesses, players becoming better or worse over other options), budget, playbooks, et cetera.   Which of those would apply to a League of Legends coach?  Most professional players are on the same footing as far as experience goes, as the game has only been out 3 years.  There are no daily roster changes to be made - each team's roster is a set five players, with maybe an alternate for DIRE situations.  Playbooks are something, League-wise, that need to be handled on the fly in champ select - and as far as I know, a coach is not allowed in those conversations.  Salaries and budgeting - sure, but most of the posts I'm reading aren't "TSM can't manage their money," so I'm not sure that's applicable.   So what do people expect a 'coach' to bring to a team?  Emotional maturity?  If so, who on earth would these players respect enough to submit themselves to?  Surely they would not take kindly to someone near their age telling them to 'calm down', 'play as a team', or 'you made a mistake'.
1	Generally speaking, your job as a support is to be the mother of the team. Now you've probably heard this before, but what does it mean?  -As the mum, it's very important to TAKE charge and make sure your kids trust you. The support has, at least after laning phase, he most time to plan routes, look at the enemies' item builds, figure out ward locations, and most importantly, PROVIDE FEEDBACK for your laners. If your chat isn't 100% of the time positive feedback, or constructive feedback, then you're not doing what you're supposed to do. Some helpful things you can consider looking for:  -Will your laners/jungler need to build specific items?  -Will your laners need to help you ward specific bushes?  -What can you do, personally to help your team in a teamfight? let them know exactly how much they can trust you, (I.E. "save your barrier for Nidalee spears, as I can always wild growth you if Kha'zix goes in!).  -Make your god damn item builds work. Recently, more gold for supports have apparently started meaning either "build the damages like a mid laner", or, alternatively, "troll builds galore." However, this isn't the case. Aura items are still strong. So build that Zeke's Herald if you have alot of AD and your marksman wants to go with IE instead of BT. Build the CDR for extra many janna ults. Build that mikael's crucible if you need the cc clear, and tell your marksman to god damn save his cleanse or QSS until after you've used it.
0	Guys, this has nothing to do with white guilt or white burden or reparations or anything like that.  My ancestors are from Asia and were not slave-owners either.  Modern race dynamics in America between blacks and whites is heavily influenced by the past, and that very clearly sits with us today.  Thus, I do not think that allowing one race to be the default to discuss that aspect of American history to be fully representational of how Americans as a whole (with many different opinions and experiences) may feel about it.   Also:  slavery is shameful, and we as Americans should all be fucking ashamed of that part of our past.  Even if you're a first generation American like me.
1	Ill just answer number 5, back in the day i was sitting at 800 elo (s2) and used to play every role, then i started a smurf acc and only played top, when i reached lvl 30 i lost a lot of placment matches, so i went back to my main, an i got 1200 in no time, after that i took over mid lane, cuz i think you have more impact on the game, and i watched A LOT of streams, i picked up 2 champs of the current meta (this is very important, you can be godlike witch a champ, but you can be beated by someone bad with the right champ) and got gold in no time
0	Here's what happened to OP. He knows a woman who wants to be respected for her intelligence. She is talking about her breasts one day. He assumes that she is doing it to "seduce," "turn on," "get attention," etc. In reality, she's talking about her breasts just like she would about other body parts, probably in a playful way. But to OP, a woman can't talk about herself in a sexual way without it meaning she is trying to "seduce," "turn on," or "get attention."   I'm a guy, and I want to be respected for my intelligence as well. But I also talk about sex and my body too. I don't think women hold me to this same ridiculous standard that OP is holding women to. But, OP is implying that if a woman ever talks about herself, even once, as a sexual being, fie to her and damn any respect for her.
0	There is a whole development on this that you should read. I think it is called the "eagles Conspiracy".
1	You're right in that you will have less damage, but the point the author makes is that versus the amount of bruisers you tend to see in games at the moment, having the extra amount of self peel from the active makes it worth it over a B.T first sorta build. Equally it does become pretty efficient , and stronger for aa's once your target has high enough hp.
1	She was doing too much damage with absolutely 0 risk. At rank 3 of ultimate if she hit all five players she would gain 1500 shield that's absurd. But it's much more common to be hitting 4/5 players which will still grant her a 1200 shield for 6 seconds. To put this is perspective Shen's Ult at level 3 grants 850 (+135%) AP, eve only needs to hit three people to get the same shield amount as shen's ult.   Anyways during these 6 seconds the other team would have to either dump everything on to eve which would often leave she extremely low but not dead or, they could back the fuck up which would let eve have her way with them because your whole team would be slow as shit, or you could ignore her and again let eve have her way with your team. There was absolutely 0 counter play to her ultimate unless you're playing a champion like kayle, fizz or vlad who can just avoid the ult entirely. It's basically the tryndamere conundrum at the low levels of the game.   If tryn ults attacking him is useless because I'm wasting my time attacking something that won't die. But if I don't attack him he will lifesteal back to full, heal and proceed to rape face.   The same logical process can be applied to Eve. If you attack her you're essentially wasting your time hitting a shield (Unless you can destroy the shield in 2 AA or 2 Spells) but if you don't hit her shield she'll just spam Q everywhere and drop your team like flies.   Which brings me to way they nerfed Q. Because her passive mana regen was ridiculous. The previous Q they had before was overpowered. Where she could just spam Q all day and drop into stealth if she needed to regen some mana without going b.   And W is broken as hell. Cleanse Slows, Bonus MS, refresh on kill and assist. That would be fine and all... you know ... if it actually had a mana cost.   All in all, you can still use her ultimate to gain that 1500 shield and nuke 15% of the enemies current HP making it an extremely reliable initiate, rather than an execute but now she won't be as strong since she'll be more prone to be running out of mana by spamming Q and E.
0	IMO, it's a stereotype spouted by Americans who have had experiences with certain types of Canadians and it sticks with them. My ex was one of these types, obnoxious towards everything American and complained daily about some part of American life that was sub-par compared to Canadian life. Used to tell me that "when we get married, we're moving to Canada." NOPE.   But I, unlike others, have also come into contact with those that are kinder, but the difference is that they don't brag about being Canadian, so everyone assumes they're American (when they're in America). I.E. the ex's family, I would pick them over her any day. Sadly, I couldn't have my cake and eat it, too.
1	Again, every champion in this game has counters.   There is your solution pick fizz enjoy cassiopeia free lane. If Fizz is banned, pick ahri or whatever else works against her really. You not knowing to exploit her weaknesses doesn't make her broken. > There are MANY champions that were frustrating/or frustrating to play against without being OP or popular. which again is why you won't hear much bitching about them.   I beg to differ. Poppy is one of such cases, Fiora another, Warwick another, Teemo another, and I am pretty sure there are others around that are pretty unpopular, toxic as shit and I hear frequently complaints about them, either from friends, reddit threads or in-game chat.   Also what defines a toxic gameplay element is lack of counterplay, NOT BEING ANNOYING, such as old Nidalee permanent spear chugging, Fiora's ult and similar shit that you simply can't fight back against. As far as I am concerned none of old Cassiopeia's kit fits that description honestly.   > You're clearly behind 20 fucking patches. You know what else is weak to these champions you mentioned? Kog'maw and Twitch. You know who are the two strongest ADC's in the game right now? Kog'maw and Twitch.   You know what else isn't being picked that much recently? Bruisers. I have not seen much Irelia lately (save for that one game from SHRC), Jax or such. Maokai is not a bruiser, Kha'zix is not a bruiser, even if you build him as such, his kit does not fit that definition, Lee Sin is indeed a bruiser, but hasn't seen much play considering the stacking of bans upon him, and I didn't account him because he is mostly a Jungler and since you decided take them into a different account; only Bruiser I can think of, that it popular right now, is Nidalee. Also Twitch and Kog only? So far from what I have seen both Tristana and Lucian are way more popular than the former two adc's. You wanna know why? Due to both Trist and Lucian having safety. What makes Tristana such a huge pick is her fucking scaling potential and safety. Lucian? Jack of all trades, with good early-mid game, decent late game, waveclear, poke etc etc etc, all that crap Lucian has and can do; definitely Kog'Maw or Twitch are getting a relevant amount of play (yes we have seen them getting play, but as much emphasis as Luc and Trist). Also you know who fucks Cassiopeia pretty hard? Kog'Maw and Tristana (Twitch too but it is situational), which according to you (rightly so) have a lot of popularity right now. So back to my first point: Was there any realistic problem with Cassiopeia's previous possible interactions? Seriously doubt so; the rework was not that much of a rework, it was more of a number tweaking/power shift than anything else.
0	I worked over three years doing exactly this. Our university hired a company and they basically set up above one of the ballrooms on campus. Everyone working there was a student at the school.   The money that we asked for really does help the university (this is a public university, btw, not sure about private). Each year the school has X amount of money in it's budget to work with, and NO ONE understood the concept of a sectionalized budget (just making the name up, it's probably actually called something) where the school has a certain amount of money each year to put towards new/better things.   The school has separate money for it's staff, it's landscaping, it's upkeep on buildings, literally everything that goes into running a school.   Sometimes a school needs more money for one thing than it does for others. It may not need extra money for landscaping, but the money that is there  FOR  landscaping  has to be used  for that purpose, you can't say " oh, we have extra money here, let's give a bonus to our faculty ", it doesn't work like that.   This is the important part , the money that alumni give to the school is  not allocated  towards anything (unless the person giving makes a designation, say, to the volleyball team).   THAT'S  why that money is so important to the university. It almost needs it just to function most years.   Believe it or not, there are a ton of people who give (sometimes thousands of dollars each year) to the school. Yes, there are plenty more that don't, but that's not the point. It's money that the school can use for whatever it needs.   Our school got a ton of backlash last year because it closed down a just-off-campus school that was a huge benefit to education majors (the school's biggest amount of students). The exact same year, they put up a brand new fountain, and half the campus got an upgrade to the walk-ways.   Bonus : Those people who are calling you (more than likely they are students at the school who are working through college to support themselves) don't get any sort of "commission" based off of the gifts that they get alumni to give. They are just students doing work for the school (work that has to be done, too).   For some perspective: Like I said, I used to do this. I wasn't nearly the best, and I still raised a few hundred dollars for the school every day I worked. Our shifts were only about  3 hours long . We had probably 10 or so students a night working there. The best caller always gets the high end prospects, and he raised  well over $3,000  most nights he called them. About  97%  of the gifts I got while I worked over 3 years were ~$20 gifts.
1	At the end of the day it's just something that you have to be aware of. When you start right clicking champs, be aware of which ones have one and don't attack them if you can avoid it in a situation where you need to be mobile. The active isn't something you can avoid usually, so you'll have to use your kiting tools to survive the couple seconds where it's on.
1	He doesn't fit into a lot of team compositions. You need your top/mid to be the tank/initiator and not a lot of tops/mids do that.   One of the problems that come to mind, is that if you want to clear anything and be sustained in the jungle, you need to max W. But if you want to gank (which is Fiddle's primary focus), you need to max q, but then you can't clear the jungle at all/don't have any damage.   Fiddlesticks  runes : MrP reds, Mana regen/lvl seals, magic resist/lvl glyphs (you can take anything here, FLAT CDR is highly recommended) and FLAT AP quintessences.   Your  masteries : 21/0/9 or 9/0/21, whichever one you prefer.   The usual Fiddlesticks build is starting with:     Amplifying Tome and 1x Health Pot   OR     Doran's Ring   You do your usual  route :   Wolves -> Blue -> Wraiths -> Wolves -> Red -> Wraiths -> Gank   You could go for a gank at any time, level 2 ganks are devastating if you take Q second, just look at the lane and see if you could get a kill.       Your usual  build :     1-3 Doran's Rings     Kage's Lucky Pick     Zhonya's Hourglass     Rabbadon's Deathcap       If the game has dragged on for a while, replace the doran's rings with a Void Staff.   THIS is one point I need to get across:  Fiddlesticks doesn't need to build tanky. He needs to get a Zhonya's AND Ability Power, without any AP late-gane, you're not going to do anything.  I've seen a lot of Fiddles build tanky: RoA, aegis, Rilay as their first items and that is  WRONG .   Gank often, get your ult down at the right time and win.
1	upvote for firstpost and
0	Our CFO got an email about a month ago, something about banking something or another. With a zip file, forwards it to the ENTIRE COMPANY with the attachment, and tells everyone not to open it.   Of course who opens it, our office manager that handles some of our wire transfers for payroll.  /FACEPALM   Best part is, our bank called us about 10 minutes later and asked if we just authorized a 2m transfer to china.
0	My parents are fighting to get their foster son back from his druggie mom. My parents were helping this girl and long story short, she stole, lied, overdosed many times and managed to live and then beat the kid on his first birthday. My parents had him and he was thriving and happy. Well, after not complying with any of the judge's orders, she got him back. My parents asked for a short continuance as the day before the court date I gave birth to my daughter, started bleeding uncontrollably, needed a second surgery and several units of blood and was not completely stable. They were told no because the mother had the right to not be kept from her son. My parents and sister were terrified that when the said goodbye they would not see me alive again.   Mom gets kid back. Gets high and overdoses in front of her son twice in a 24 hour period, hitting he head on the table the second time causing her to lose her eye. She stole animal tranquilizers from her work. She had the kid six days. After about eight weeks she was granted custody after only having supervised visits for two hours once a week. She had also threatened to kill my parents. She is on a locked rehab ward and had at least one positive drug test while there. Her son is now living there with her in a 12 by 12 room and is doing terrible. The mother told the social worker she only wants hi, because she gets welfare and medicaid. Yes, after stealing from her employer she can't get a job, so the state is paying foe her to live in the rehab AND giving her welfare. My parents are fighting form him. The rehab workers keep calling dcyf because she isn't taking care of him and they are ignoring the calls. My parents known this because the kid's lawyer was contacted and is working to return the kid to my parents as she, his doctor and teachers sent statements to the judge that he was better of with them.   This girl blames my parents, who were paying for her food, rent, diapers and clothes for the kid and their rent and eventually my parents reported them because they feared for the kid's life. He loves them. My family loves him and they would do anything for him. At first they hoped the mom would get clean and could take care of him, but it is clear it won't happen. She is either going to kill herself or the baby's father is going to kill her. There is so much more to the story, believe it or not. This is just the highlights.   People need to be concerned where their tax dollars are going. The system would rather a child be worth an abusive, neglectful mother than a loving home because the mother has rights. Oh, and the social worker told my mom and sister this scumbag might consider giving the kid up if they apologize. All they did was try to help her. Then they took care of her son while she was supposed to be getting clean so he wouldn't get sent to a stranger. They gave her as many chances as they could and then some. But they should apologize.
0	I posted this as a response but ill just throw it here and see where it goes.   To begin with the Confederate flag probably started out as pure and the ideal for states rights. It has changed though when the KKK and other groups that hate African Americans started using the flag. The moment a hate group highjacked the symbol it changed to hate.   This can easily be explained through a story: I went to Japan when i was 15 and saw what appeared to be a swastika on the GPS. I started asking my host mom questions and she said that it was a church. To the Orient it means something spiritual yet to a majority of the western world it is a symbol of hate. The symbol originated as a religious symbol but has been twisted as a symbol of hate. (and is slightly different)
0	He is just Karma Whoring- This is what she really said- in his previous post about the breakup.   "So after a day of hanging out yesterday with her and her room mates around town, at the end of the night I decided to ask her if everything was okay and that I'd noticed some distance between us and she said she felt it too and the bad part was it didn't bother her. She said she didn't know what she wanted and that she doesn't know if she wants to be in a relationship. She said that she was getting over some personal issues(through therapy) and that she really wanted to focus on herself right now and be selfish.  We talked for a couple hours, it started out as we should take it slower and give each other some space for a few days to think about it to her saying that you can't go back from a conversation like this and that we should break up.  She said things like it sucks ending a relationship with so many positives, that we had so much fun together and that she wants me to be a part of her life.   I don't know what to do, I really care about this girl and it seems like it just happened so quickly.  Should I consider this over? Or should I just give her some space and see if she changes her mind and that its just a phase we're going through and that you can come back from a conversation like this?   Thank you for taking the time to read this and any advice or perspective you may have.
1	Thank you. As with most things luck was involved, but I have played a ton of brand. Over 300 ranked games in season 3, and over 200 ranked in season 4 (and countless normals). He is what I've played to get to Diamond 3 times, so I know his timings well. I've also played against a lot of Leblancs, so I kind of can guesstimate that snap range, but this is the first and only time this has happened (or I even attempted it), so luck did play a big factor in even setting the whole thing up.
1	First of all, whoever downvoted me, please try and remember reddiquette. It's silly to downvote someone because they shared an experience they had in game.   Now, @karnoculars, you're already talking about level 6 and beyond. One of Udyr's greatest strengths is his lack of an ulti. From 1-5 Udyr has a rather sizable advantage (going W E W Q W, leveling W first, Q second, and E third) in that he can see when you are about to frenzy him, turtle up, and retaliate with a tiger DoT. Going cloth 5 pot gives you immense sustain while doing this, and you should be able to focus solely on farming with minimal interruptions for trading damage.   Again, this is anecdotal, as I've only played this lane once, but if you play Udyr pseudo-passively like this, focusing on farming, you can at worst be even with the Voli. In my case, I was actually zoning him just by farming and popping bear occasionally to scare him off. Getting Ninja Tabi and Wriggle's makes you tanky vs his damage, give you sustain, and some DPS. I don't see how a Voli would be able to trade with you in that situation. Combine that with Udyr's (OP) ability to escape (turtle bear turtle bear until you're safe) and you have an unbeatable laning opponent.   Udyr's biggest (arguably only) weakness is his necessity to be in melee range to do ANYTHING. Volibear doesn't have anything in his kit that allows ranged harass, so he can't really beat Udyr in lane.
0	Story time.  When I was 17, a couple of friends, my brother, and I were skating around the town around 10 PM. I knew a friend that lived up the street that had a neighborhood that backed up to a road. (Keep in mind I didn't know this friend too well, he was more of just a friend I saw a couple of times at school and would say "hi")  I told my friend to drive up there and lets check it out. As we entered his neighborhood, we flashed the car brights on the gate that led to the road which had a sign on it that said "NO TRESPASSING. VIOLATORS WILL BE PROSECUTED". We decided to just drive by and leave. (We never turned off the car or even got out of the car) We saw my friends house with his garage open and the light on. I told me friend to stop and lets say hello. As we pull up to the house I notice a guy standing by the side gate staring at us. I say my friends name "Anon? Anon?" After several attempts the guy just stares and I tell my friend to continue driving. About 5 minutes later we see a white Honda Civic speeding down the street. We didn't think to much of it as it might have been a neighbor leaving. As we continued driving this guy starts speeding 20 mph over the speed limit to try and cut us off. We reached about 60-70 mph on a 45mph road. We had no clue what was going on or why this guy was chasing us. We ended up pulling up to a street light, then and there the guy floors it and cuts us off almost hitting our car. He jumps out and this guys is around 45 years old, taunting us by pounding his chest and putting up his fists to fight. He is walking  towards the car as we yell to my friend driving "put it in reverse!" We end up getting away and make a light that just turned yellow. The man got in his car and ran the red light in order to catch up to us. We lost him and after that went into our neighborhood where we hung out for a little talking about the crazy incident that just happened. As we were all about to go home and call it a night, I said "what if he took your license plate for some reason". After that a cop car turns in our culdesac and tells us to sit on the curb. After talking to the officer about what had just happened, he told us we were suspects of vehicle robbery and that the man who was chasing us was an ex LAPD officer that thought we were trying to break into his jeep. We ended up finding out that "guy" was my friends dad. We all ended up getting a "portrait file card"  which is in the city's database. Basically if I get pulled over and the officer decides to look up my record, it will show I have a portrait file card for suspect of vehicle robbery. The guy ended up getting escorted down to talk to us in my neighborhood where he said "if these cops weren't here, I would fuck you all up" and other statements like that. This whole incident ended up ruining my friendship with the friend as he believed his dad over me.
1	It gives awkward stats for those who want to use its passive.  Not every champion makes use of crit chance and it gives very little AD to warrant an ADC or an AD caster building it over items like BT, IE, LW, Black Cleaver, etc.   It's not similar to the AP item, Morellonomicon because Morello's is extremely gold efficient, giving 75 AP, 12 mana regen, and 20% CDR, which according to LoL wiki is about 3k gold worth of stats for only 2200 combined gold.  Executioner's Calling is worth about 2k in stats while costing 1900 gold.  Why get it as an AD champion when you can just have ignite.  Different story if you're an ADC, mainly talking about AD casters and assassins there though.
1	everytime playing a ranked game, or sometimes even a normal i would die a little inside because of sooooo bad behavior of some people. that, combinied with the constant threat that a single game could carry 40 or 50 minutes without any success made me terrified of ranked and i was about to just say fuck this shit and uninstall. Then came aram, and i could play again. 100% teamfights, an a game usually goes 20-30 minutes. A loss can be dealt with much more easier here, by everyone. No trolls, some (not much) rude behavior. sooooooo much easier to cope with.
1	I love how you believe yourself to be thinking objectively and analytically, but you really aren't. How many different aspects of athleticism required in a sport do not determine how much more athletic one person is over another.   Also you answer questions that you don't understand. "The sprinter is more athletic than the marathon runner because they require speed and power and you ONLY need endurance to be a marathon runner" I'm gonna call bullshit on that--look up some stats for any professional marathon runners, and they can run 2 times faster than the track star at your high school...for 100 miles. That requires a delicate balance of speed AND endurance...both are crucial.   Getting away from specifics, let's use some hyperbole to close this out. I'm by no means a professional sprinter. But say I'm sprinting at my sits-on-my-ass-playing-league-all-day speed. According to you this takes speed and power. I mean I AM trying. Compare me to the aforementioned marathon runner. Who is more athletic by YOUR standards?  I  need speed AND power but that little wimpy shit just needs endurance. 2 is more than 1 so I am more athletic...but I'm not.   You also have to factor in how MUCH is put into the different aspects of athleticism. Weight lifting requires lots of strength. Marathon running endurance. Sprinting requires Speed. They are all different attributes, none more important or impressive than the other.
0	For those looking for more info, she was a friend's sister (became a friends in her own right later and joined our dnd group), but she doesn't play video games much.  She has never played any Legend of Zelda.  My group talks about various video games a lot (and we love LoZ games) at the table during down time.  I really think she did this to try to fit in. When we corrected her on Link's name, she was confused at first, then acted like she just slipped. Maybe she did just slip, except we (friends + brother) know she's never played...
0	oh my, somebody doesn't know what an example means. An earlier post within this string of threads mentioned getting up early to work out before school or work. That is where that came from. You are taking what I'm saying an falling prey to the logically fallacy known as  affirming the consequent  it's very hard to begin an activity. I would venture to say your depression is mild, so was mine (before I learned to treat myself) compared to others.
0	I was at a bar a couple weeks ago and bought several pitchers for my group on my card.  When it was time to leave, I went to the bar (who held my card) and the bartender was running around etc.  I went to the bar and the guy was, admittedly, running around and seemed a bit frazzled.  I waited at the end of the bar until he came by (by the register) at which point I called over   "Hey bud, can I cash out when you get a second".   He turned around fast and sudden, square to me and snapped "Wait your godamn turn, alright?!"   I was pretty stunned.  He then was like,   "Whats your name?"   I told him and he ran my card for me, and gave me the paid tab (before I even looked at it, mind you).   I was so pissed off not only did I specifically tip him 0.00 on the bill, I wrote a nice little "Fuck you, asshole" right next to it.
0	My problem with this is that you're applying your own feelings onto someone else's relationship. That's great that would wouldn't have forced your boyfriend to throw them out. It's really healthy, especially if you and your BF communicate (really the cornerstone of any healthy relationship, I can't stress that enough).   However, you probably have some other "crazy" tick that you would prefer if people respected. Most of us do. Being in a relationship means working with your partner through these kinds of feelings. Disrespecting them disrespects your partner as well.   In this case the OP lied and hid something from his current SO because he didn't respect that she had a problem with the situation. Was it an irrational problem? That's up for debate. However, irrational or not he should have respected that it was there.   Now, if he feels that it is irrational and would like to try and deal with it then perhaps the best method is to have an open conversation about it. I know that it can be hard sometimes, especially for some men who often have more trouble expressing their feelings, but having an open and frank discussion about these kinds of things is exactly the kind of "communication" that people always say is important. The key is to come into it with an open mind and accept that neither one of you is wrong in how they feel. You may discover a lot that way.   For example, the other day my fiance was talking about her sisters new boyfriend and was telling me about the two of them and her sister's past romantic interests. I guess at one point she said that her sister had a type, "Hunky guys". After a little while of listening I told her I really didn't want to talk about her sister's relationship and broke it off abruptly.   That was completely wrong and irrational of me. I realized a little later that the reason I had done it was because I had been feeling ashamed of my body recently and have been having some real self esteem issues. I hadn't realized it at the time, but her description of other men as "hunky", even though she didn't mean anything by it, had hurt me. Again completely irrational, completely not her fault, but it was there. We talked about that and discussed how I've been feeling and came out with both of us feeling better and stronger for it.   The point is feelings don't need to make sense. That's just how things work in relationships. Sometimes we do things that are illogical and "crazy". As partners (and that's really what you should be) you need to respect that and try and communicate through it.   Unfortunately, no one will read this because its on a 13 hour old thread, but there you go.
1	Having both rankings is idiotic... If they're going to rank you into league and divisions, and if the rewards you get come from your league and division, then let matchmaking put you against opponents from the same divison when you're playing to get out of this division. People care more about climbing the divisions than increasing their ELO. And it's only logical since they get nothing from it apart from an increased difficulty to climb divisions if they're better than where they are.   This shit only exist to try to put smurf accounts with higher level players faster so they don't stomp bronze and silver players in every game. But using your hidden ELO to determine how many lp you win or lose is enough. If you're stomping people you will gain a shitload of LP and be gone very fast anyways.   The game asking you to be able to play consistently against gold I and Platinum V players to get in.. Gold V can only be considered a system failure. It's even worse, someone going there with a 250/245 win loss record will probably not have this issue. When someone with a 120/80 record will, especialy if a recent winstreak is involved. Nice way to reward good results...
1	I want everyone that watches LCS to look at the winrate charts for champions. To many people think champs like yasuo/lee sin are op and need to be baned/picked. They are both part of the 20% lowest winrate champions. It goes the other way aswell, people will get mad at you for picking things in ranked that are never played in LCS, even though they are top 50% champs. If you want to know what's op in your division just use this: [lolking](
0	Same exact thing happened at my school. Loser shoots himself, and no one noticed. I didn't even find out about it for awhile later, and only because we had mutual friends. But when a football player got in a wreck at 2am, the next day they made a huge deal out of it. I'd rather nobody dies, but why do they ignore the kids who think (rightfully so) that they're unimportant?  Hick town high school.
0	several of the celebrities were underage and people refused to remove those images from the submissions.   This is not true. The mods of /r/fappening made a post explaining the ban on those images and then removed them all.   Also, no celebrity has actually admitted to being underage in the pics because that would make them producers of child porn, i.e., self offenders.   Reddit is  all about public opinion . Reddit is "too male"? Force /r/TwoX into the defaults even though no one likes it. A particular non-politically correct subreddit gets criticized by Anderson Cooper or some other media figure? Bring out the ban hammer while leaving similar subs alone.
1	dat troll
1	I feel like I never need to read the patch notes ever again with Blakinola doing
1	upvoted for that
1	I was listening to the casters commentating at the dreamhack stream that both CLG (prime and e.u.) have similar strategies, one of them being that they focus on late-game team composition. TSM can be very aggressive when they feel the time is right, which has been working wonders for them. And when they play agaisnt CLG, they tend to be aggressive in all their lanes - this is why Chaox and Xpecial always beat Doublelift and Chauster in  laning phase . Xpecial is super aggressive and does a great job at zoning. Reginald, for e.g., has a tendency to beat jiji because jiji is always passive (like scarra).   However, late game (around that ~35-40 min mark), Doublelift is farmed up and compensates his laning losses through incredible team fights. His mechanics and reflexes are, IMO, better than Chaox's, albeit Chaox's decision making is far superior.
1	Actually singed is still fine, but u cannot run like a jerk anymore because u will get punished more easier than before.   Rumble is strong pick. He can carry many games just because enemies doing baron or drake and u put it in the pit and just watch them burn when tanking it. His only weakness is weak early game and that he can be ganked easly.   Also, i recommend u to pick up jayce. He is pretty much safe pick since he got range poke, and he hits pretty hard with his poke when he got muramana and some armor pen like brutalizer and lw. The only problem with him is that he isnt any carry type of champ, though he scales well early and mid. Imo his stronger point is midgame when he can roam and get fast everywhere and chase with acceleration gate and poke.
1	Hello, it seems like drake and baron has an animation before spawning(them walking around the pit) does this mean even if you dont have the timer you can just look at the baron pit and get a notice that its about to spawn?
1	the oficial announcement says nothing about it coming back, also that icon and border are pretty much the ugliest thing that could happen, they even agreed to that
1	so here's my diagnosis: you've carried the toxic attitude, knowingly or not, from the game to the forum.   Took me a while to get back to this comment but this is the main thing that I wanted to comment on, slightly irrelevant to the main post but I've had a lot of downvotes, a few more won't hurt.   This subreddit is already toxic, without this post. Whether you think my post is toxic, that's up to you. I've been on thie subreddit for over a year now, at the start it wasn't so bad. But now it's just so circle jerky. Everyone downvotes comments that aren't meta or part of the bandwagon, regardless of whether or not they are accurate and true. Unless the comments are from a pro or someone who claims to be diamond. Most of the toxic players in game are most likely on this subreddit too. There are a lost of hostile/aggressive comments around this subreddit which the same people are using in game.
1	I play Graves a lot, and after being yelled at constantly by my team over items, I faithfully bought IE -> PD -> LW   After lots of watching, I noticed LW third hurts Graves, and that he gains a lot of damage from BT. A lot. So I put it third.   Then in my last game, I saw my enemy carry getting a scepter and won a trade (Nunu's snowball didn't hurt). So I decided I'd switch to BT after a pickaxe.
0	We picked up a drunk guy once and gave him a ride home. It was cold out (December I think) and it was a slow night. The guy was friendly as hell and said he was too drunk to drive. So we dropped him off at his house and went on our way. About an hour later we get a call from dispatch to respond to a domestic dispute in progress, and sure as shit, the same guy we gave a ride home was beating his wife. So, needless to say, new department policy prohibited us from giving any more vehicle escorts.
1	I still don't get a few things about the system:   Each tier is divided into leagues of 250, and then into Divisions of 50 each, right. Does that mean that we can only go against those 49 other players in our division when we play ranked? Or who is it that we actually verse, cause to me it seems like theres hardly anyone who we will be matched against.   Also, is there any difference between, say, Gold League 1, Division 1 and Gold League 2, Division 1? Are all leagues equal, since I don't think he talked about moving between leagues.. only up and down divisions and then tiers.   Just a little confused.. since there doesn't seem to be any reason to me that the leagues do anything.. why not just have it as 5 divisions within a tier, and you have to go up the divisions then up the tier..
0	That works well most of the time, but sometimes it is the worst way to go about it. For instance I once worked on my neighbor's computer to remove some viruses, malware, and spyware (it was a nightmare). That normally isn't a big deal. However, her computer was  8 years old . We're talking 2.5 GHz CPU with 256 RAM running BASE XP.  Boot time of 20 minutes. I could barely work on it. Worse yet, it didn't have drivers for USB or ethernet installed. It was the job from hell.   I probably spent over 16 hours dicking with it trying to fix it. I eventually got it working better but it was just too old. I charged her $100 with the understanding that if anything else goes wrong with it I would not service it again and that it would be better for her to buy herself a new one and have someone do the transfer for her. (note: I told her the cost of me working on it again would be more than the cost to buy herself a new PC and I honestly was doing her a huge favor, even if I seemed like a bit of a dick).
0	Ok I am going to say it:  I  sort of  believe it. I don't think vaccines directly cause autism or any medical conditions directly but the thought has crossed my mind that they have some impact. I'll tell you why.  Me and my 2 other cousins were all born 4 days within each other. We were all normal, healthy babies up until around 2-3 years old. Then one of my cousins started showing development problems. This cousin was ahead of me and my other cousin developly speaking(he was starting to learn how to walk etc.) At around the time he started showing developmental problems was around the time we all got our vaccines. Ever since then he hasn't been able to speak or walk and can't really function.
0	People always bitch about the History Channel's programming.  It's our own damn fault they don't play historical things anymore.  It's not PBS, they get their funding from selling commercials.  The people buying commercials on the station purchase at a rate determined by ratings.  The historical shows they used to play had shitty ratings.  They started doing shows like Pawn Stars, Ice Road Truckers, etc and the ratings rose.  Now they make more money and it's because of the previously mentioned programming.   Edit:
0	You're making it sound like anyone who is over 25 and single is immature and somehow broken.   Here's a hint: Relationships end and the older you get the trickier it gets to meet someone new, at 30+ it's amazing how few of the people you hang out with are single, and how little free time you actually have, and how few genuinely new people you meet (oh how I miss college sometimes, compared to adult life where you might meet a new friend of a friend once or twice per month and your other outlet is actively chasing social situations  it was paradise, every week it seemed like I was running into a few new interesting people without even trying, now everyone has their friends and isn't particularly interested in making new friends).   Also, once you've had a few relationships you begin to realize that "she's hot and willing" isn't a very strong foundation for a relationship so you don't throw yourself head first into a relationship with someone, you might hook up with her but you'll wait for someone you have a connection with before going further than that.
0	The toilers in the bathroom in my building had automatic flush units that had 2 settings - low and high.  The idea was that if you were just there for a few seconds, the system figured you were just taking a piss and would use the low-flow setting.  Otherwise it would do a full flush.  There were also 2 buttons on top - one to activate each flush setting.   I have worked here for 7 months and have never run into another person in a stall - I have seen severel people taking a piss in the urinal but never have I seen a locked stall door.  I, on the other hand, take a big health coffee-fueled dump about 9am every morning.  I suspect I am the only pooper in the place.   Today when I went in for my morning constitutional, I noticed that they had changed out the flush head to remove the low-flow option.  I don't know how I should feel about that.
0	Plus it's such a tiny portion of the air you'll breathe that day that it's basically preposterous to worry that it's going to negatively affect your health.   Adult humans breathe about 11,000 liters of air a day^1 . The tidal volume of an adult human lung is about 0.5 liters^2 (the volume of air you take in a normal breath). So if the world's most inconsiderate smoker leaned over and [blew the entire contents of her lungs into your mouth]( that breath would still only constitute 0.00455% of the total air you're going to breathe that day.   Let's make some educated guesses and say that a single cigarette will provide a smoker with 50 lung-filling puffs, erring on the side of being far too liberal in our estimates. Let's also say that you'd have to smoke five cigarettes a day to be considered a "very light smoker"^3, and we'll further assume that "very light smokers" are putting themselves at a measurable risk of significant health problems. This would mean that the endangered smoker would be consuming 125 liters of tainted air a day.   In other words, we've established a rough estimate that 1.136% of the air you breathe in a day has to contain smoke for you to be considered as high-risk as a very light smoker. The amount of smoke you'll inhale passing a smoker is roughly 250 times less air than even the lightest smokers breathe in a day.   If cigarettes were  so  dangerous that you were at risk if you breathed even 0.00455% smoke out of your daily volume of clean air, they would've long ago been classified as a weapon of mass destruction.
1	YEAH RIOT WHY CAN'T YOU MAKE SURE ALL 120 CHAMPS ARE COMPLETELY BALANCED? Oh wait, because that's literally impossible. If we're talking about viability almost every single champion in this game is viable for solo queue which is primarily what the game is balanced around. What is viable in the pro scene is not at all indicative of what's viable in solo queue. Pros only play top tier champs because they are playing at the highest level and need every single advantage they can get. Those champs that are always picked in pro play also are the ones that fit the current meta/team comps people are running because the strategy in those games is completely different. Even if the pro players themselves that do these strategies in LCS tried to do it in soloqueue with all challenger team mates it many of the strats would fail almost every time due to a lack of coordination by the team. Last season I went from Bronze 1 to Gold V in little over a week with Wukong mid at a time when almost NO ONE was playing that. At the time Nightblue himself had said he felt Wu was a better mid than top but still no one played it because it wasn't FoTM and it wasn't getting play in LCS.
0	I had gastric bypass almost 4 years ago and lost 200lbs, still weigh about 205 (I am 6'5").   I didn't get the lapband because you can still eat all the normal food, just less of it.  There were women in the support group meetings you have to go to who were excitted that they found a way to eat cheesecake.  Others would talk about where their favorite milkshake was.   Point being, the lapband does nothing to change what food you like, or how your body reacts to them, so if you are dedicated it may work, but if not, it won't.  In a way, I see lapband people as not committed--mainly because they are willing to make a big step for there future health, but not big enough to go all the way.  Their want their cake and want to eat it, too. (edit: literallly)   A buddy of mine is considering the lapband, and he is prediabetic and has a host of other health issues that losing weight will help, but won't help directly.  I tried to convince him to get bypass like I got and never have to worry about any of it, but he flat out said he doesn't want to give up any foods.   I was going to die in my sleep from apnea if I didn't get surgery.  I was an athlete is high school, and when I stopped swimming I gained about 100lbs every ten years.  Seems weird now, but it creeps up on you....   I wasn't big into sweets before, and now I abhor them.  The idea of eating them turns my stomach (well, my little pouch).  I used to love potatoes, now maybe I'll have a bite here or there.  I like greens and meat the best.  I still eat pasta, but nowhere near the amount as before.  I could drink a gallon of milk a day pre-surgery, now I can only have milk if it is in food, like a soup--and New England Clam Chowder is OUT!  I get so ill it knocks me down for an hour if I eat it.  And I can eat fried food, but I don't like it very much.  I can eat salad like it is going out of style--but with a little vinegar and oil, no heavy dressing.  Blech.   I learned this over the course of the past years, what I can eat and what I can't.  It was harder than any diet I tried, and I tried them all.  But it was so worth it.   People who hear that sometimes feel sorry for me, like I am missing something by not eating cupcakes or whatever, and they don't believe me when I say I don't give a fuck.  I don't care about food, rarely think about food, and if there is a huge buffet at a party with shit I can't eat it is no concern AT ALL.  I actually have to remind myself to eat, or I'll go a couple of days and only drink water (I don't, as I watch my protein intake especially, but I don't crave anything, ever).   I do not see fat people as lazy at all.  In fact, I feel really bad for them, as I know what they go through.  Just the difference in how I am treated versus before is so stunningly different it's mind-blowing.   When I see someone huge, I wonder why they haven't had the surgery, then I realize that I didn't think I was fat enough for it 200lbs ago.  It would not have crossed my mind had I not had the apnea issue and my GP recommended gastric bypass.   Anyway, there are millions of reasons as to why people are fat, and very rarely is it laziness.   OP's friend is a dick, IMO HE is actually the lazy one, and he's gonna get fat again, I would pretty much guarantee it.   But I lam so thankful I had gastric bypass from an awesome surgeon.  My wife had it too and she lost 135lbs.  We were both thin and active in high school, BTW.
1	Another misconception: your rating/league isn't meant to be how good of a player you are, it's how well you carry others to victory.  That's why so many top streamers and LoL teachers say focus on objectives, because that's the only way to directly raise the income of your teammates who may or may not be able to get gold themselves through farming or killing.  A Gragas who only has 90 cs and 1 kill will still be scary if his team also has 3 dragons 4 towers and a baron.  Now apply that to every one of your allies.
1	I think the new Lucian is probably tier 2 like sivir is right now. The fact that you listed draven and MF as 'fallen comrades' when they are top tier adcs right now is disparaging.   we don't need a 100 ad item because then we won't see trist or kog'maw ever again. The existence of a 100 AD item will centralize the metagame into burst adcs. The formerly BT-reliant adcs are all fine, I'm in diamond and my highest win rate adc since 4.10 has been Varus, rushing IE and Statikk Shiv.   basically, I totally disagree with your
1	Clarifications on the post that are not mentioned in the video   Video Link -     I know GGC made a video review of ELO Buff already however this one compares the features to similar websites and shows if the same data can be found on other sites.     Sorry about the long video - I didn't intend for it to go so long, but it takes a while to go through each feature.     If you want the conclusion - it's at the bottom of the post but
1	As soon as you hit gold, champions like Master Yi, Tryndamere, Shyvana (...) become completely useless.   That's weird. Because I'm a platinum player and I'm fucking scared of Yi and Trynda because they tend to carry games.   And I want to stress what I've said:   > But I don't complain about champions that are weak when you don't know how to play them or lack the mechanical skill for it (Zed, Gnar, Draven, etc). I'm mostly talking about the gross power differences between the absolute top picks and everything else.   For example: Shaco used to be an absolute solo queue terror a while back. Then they nerfed him to death. Even though he wasn't even popular in professional play. Why? Because in order to do well against Shaco, you'd need excellent team communication and team work. Things that a professional team has, but a solo queue team doesn't. It's  good  that Shaco was nerfed because he was extremely disruptive in solo queue, especially in mid levels.   Another example is Akali. Again, she used to be a pub stomp, but wasn't all too dominant in professional games (a few players like Voyboy used to player her). She was nerfed because she was unbalanced for the general public.   And Riot seems to agree because they keep removing these sorts of imbalances (it's just that they sometimes needs half a decade to get to it). These imbalances had almost zero impact on professional play, because the champions in question were basically irrelevant there.     Then there's the opposite: grossly underpowered or underrepresented champions. A good example is the pre-rework Karma or Heimerdinger. These guys weren't played at  any  level of skill and were simply not up to the task.   Reworks here are to make them more appealing and generally to buff their strengths. Sometimes it works (Karma, Gragas), sometimes it doesn't (Kata, Skarner).     > As soon as you hit gold, champions like Master Yi, Tryndamere, Shyvana (...) become completely useless.   Let's assume that this hold true. Let's say Trynda is a pub stomper in Silver and below, and almost useless in Gold and up. Why not balance him for Silver and below? Regardless of this, his Gold+ performance is shit anyway. If you can balance him to be relevant in Gold+ as well, even better. But even if you can't, that doesn't mean that he needs to clean house in Silver-.
1	His splitpushing power got hit a few patches back with the E changes, and splitpushing in general is less effective at the moment.   If you're referring to his ult, you can CC and/or kite him during it (or poke him down, or bait it out, etc etc - loads of counterplay options).   If you mean his passive = random crit = win lane, they are slowly phasing out RNG stuff, so I wouldn't be surprised to see it change at some point.   As it stands though, he's far from the unhealthiest champion, is not a super safe pick or anything like that (actually loses most matchups, his laning phase is weak) and his win rate is average.
1	The league system is weird. When I did my promos I ended up in silver 1 yet in every game I was 1st/2nd pick with people that were in gold 1/2 and was getting 30+ LP a win. I assumed that just meant my mmr was Gold 1/2 but when I got to gold 1 I was still getting 30 lp a win and after getting to plat even I still get 30 a win. The last ranked game I played my team was confused because I was plat 5 and first pick despite the fact they were all plat 1 players.
0	Have had this happen to me. I was at a show in OKC with a friend of mine who had invited another friend of his who is the female in question. I hold open the door for everyone until her. She stops dead and argues with me. She said "I know you're just doing it be nice." (Implying I'm not just furthering a male macho stereotype in her eyes I assume) I told her I'd do it even if she wasn't a female and I mostly do it out of habit to be polite. She ended up relenting and walked in. No more fucks were given and a well time was had by all.
1	I am extremely sensitive to the other players' comments and I cannot agree more with muting toxic players. Learn to ignore them or just mute them. My boyfriend convinced me to start muting people (I was not because of communication but he pointed out that they can ping commands and such if needed even easier than typing). Muting people has made my league playing so much more enjoyable.
0	This is gonna be a long-ass text post, so here goes:   I'm a Korean-Canadian (moved to Canada at an extremely early age) and the cousin in question lives in South Korea.  After a huge fiasco with between her parents and mine, we were not on speaking terms for a couple of years. So the story in question was passed on from her parents to a different aunt (that we  are  on speaking terms with), and then forwarded to us, so I'm not entirely sure about the specifics.   So apparently she and her boyfriend were trying to get to this one supposedly excellent restaurant, like the ones that are showcased on TV so people would go and have a try.  This sole restaurant so happened to be in a more poorer area (so I'm not sure if "ghetto" is the right term?). The "poorer area" is like a few streets wide, and the area surrounding it is rich as hell  (like Gangnam I suppose, with shopping centres everywhere and such)   I guess she thought it was okay to trust the restaurant with her car, but it turned out to be just a random guy wearing a fancy suit. They didn't know what happened until after eating their meal and waited outside for the guy for like 10 minutes until they realized something was up.   I heard they filed a police report or somethin, but IIRC, Seoul's police are slow to act, given how overpopulated and chaotic the city can be.   And again, this story was passed on from the cousin to her parent, the parent to my other aunt, my aunt to my parents, and my parents to me. And also given how bad my parent's English is and my Korean is, I'm assuming some parts were either exaggerated/removed.   And I'm sorry for my overuse of parentheses.
0	Why drive at all?   To get from A - B quicker than normal? To avoid the use of public transport? Convenience? It's your job? Physically impaired to walk? Because you enjoy driving? The list goes on   Yes you're right, some people should never drive sober, but two wrongs don't make a right. Yes, it's not heinous to drive under influence but you are making yourself less able than normal... why? What benefit is there? When doing things that risk lives, why would you ever, ever, not take every precaution you can to ensure you don't manage to kill others or yourself?
1	How incredibly insightful.  You mean to say that Riot might be operating for profit?  I suppose you would be one of the people who complain when the servers act up because you've paid a "few bucks".   Maintaining and improving a game that's played on such a huge scale as LoL while offering it as free to play means that if they want to stay profitable and keep improving they will need to charge a bit more for high quality cosmetic bits like this.  More money for Riot means a better game for everyone so complaining about buying something purely cosmetic seems like you're moaning about nice things costing money.   You keep bandying this $25 figure around when for the first 4 days it's cheaper than that.  Personally it's going to cost me €10 with the 200RP i have sitting on my account.  If you really care about a champ and you know that the skin is coming out I reckon you'd pick it up then anyway.   The doomsday "they're going to start charging an arm and a leg for everything" stuff is just sensationalist.  It's always going to be free to play, if you don't want to pay anything you don't have to.
0	For me as an American, I can watch NFL on TV and enjoy it, but I can't do that with soccer and baseball, and I honestly don't know why. That being said, I DO like going to the local farm team baseball games (like one step before Major League). I imagine that for a lot of people actually being at a game makes it much more interesting.
1	I believe the reason for the downvotes is not for disagreeing with the opinion, but for the cost effectiveness of your idea. Brutalizer costs about 2/3 of what the B.F sword does, so if you are taking your blue pill for it, you are stunting your ability to carry quickly, which I've found to be vital in any game. If the brutalizer built into an item that made sense for a core build for Ashe, it would be acceptable to give up the progress on the B.F. sword. Unfortunately, Youmuu's is only more useful than a LW in the case that the enemy team chooses to build very little armor (should be never if you're carrying AD), so building it as a priority is a lesser strategy (by the numbers).
0	yeah, that makes it kind of easier.  This is what you do.   Contact Facilities Management and setup a new ticket.  Each building has one, they replace lightbulbs and hire plumbers.  They deal with any facilities issue.  Usually you can setup a ticket with your manager or direct supervisor.  Someone you work with should know how to contact them.  They'll hire a plumber to open it up and see if it's there.  Chances are, that ring is just sitting there waiting for someone.  If no one does anything, it could be there for YEARS, if not longer.
1	Tell me about it.   I decided to play this night (3:30 AM here) and do a quick draft normal game.   I was second pick,decided to go ADC but they said they were premade and I should let them play adc/supp,I was like "okay..." and locked Orianna. (I would say she is my best champion,I was 10 - 0 with her in ranked at some point,which I consider good <3)   Then the game starts and they say they are all premade,I was like "great,more communication = win" but turns out they are a "random" premade = 2 friends randomly picked up 2 more players etc   I was 4 / 0 against Janna mid,easy lane,then it begins.   Vayne dies,and says "Just wait until I get back to lane... >:)" in all chat ,needless to say,she went back to lane and died again.   I was like "oh right,this is why I hate bot premades" but didn't say anything,I was going to carry anyway. Ori OP   PS: This is starting to get too long,I'll just finish this here; Bot lane fed like 15 kills to enemy Lucian and Riven top was 0/7 against Cho gath,we lost.
1	I really liked Diana as an assassin champ, now with the new nerfs she isn't really a good pick anymore(at least in my opinion her pre 6 laning is very weak). Because i am not able to play any ranged champs except for Jayce and Thresh(Don't ask why, i just happen to be really bad with ranged champs, i guess it's the positioning)i picked up Kata and really had a great time playing her, laning phase is kinda hard if you're up against an ranged champ but if you get through that to at least level 6 you will really be rewarded for it, her ultimate is amazingly strong and has so short cd that you can often use it just to bully your enemy out of the lane. I don't have to mention that teamfights will work out even better for you mostly if u can get your passive to trigger often enough.
0	That's true in some places, but not here in Alberta. Here you go through 4 years of apprenticeship (I'm on my 4th). After that you become a journeyman and your wages pretty much max out unless you get bumped up to foreman.   1st years start off at about $20 and change, 2nd is around $24, 3rd is $28ish and 4th is $33ish.
1	but you're thinking about it on too simple of a level.   teams aren't actively giving out their strats, and this is why you rarely see enemy strategy relevant bans, and bans aimed at pocket/comfort/'shit that sucks to play against as your comp'. one example of strategy based bans recently was tristana/corki in the CLG-CRS set, because they didnt want to deal with double adc CRS had been scrimming with - but this information in reality is not always available, and is not because trist is OP - it's because they don't want to play against a double ADC comp, in this example.   tristana is not by far the most overpowered adc. trist/kog/corki/lucian are all pretty much on the same level, they just all serve different functions. for that reason, she is not worth banning for being 'OP', because there are simply too many champions of the same strength.   kassadin was in his own tier for a long time, for various factors. maokai is in a similar spot right now. this is why these champions have almost permaban status or blue side first rotation status, and is why trist doesn't.   i am convinced that just because you see trist winning like 9/10 games in EU/NA LCS, does not mean she is above kog/lucian/corki, it just means that these games are filled with poor execution (which is pretty obvious in watching) and playing games into the hands of the team with tristana.   if it is a result of poor execution, then the issue is not in pick and ban, but in strategy and gameplay.
0	That's not really how hiring works. You don't run background checks until after you've spoken to the candidate. I've done a lot of hiring at both Fortune 500 companies and small companies.   Not to mention that guy could spend a few hours and get those search results pushed a few pages back in the search results. All you need to do is have your name searchable on sites like Yelp, Twitter, Amazon, Google+, Blogger, Facebook, About.me, and so on (name searchable doesn't necessarily mean photos or details divulged). He could also buy <firstname><lastname>.com for $10 a year and eat up a lot of search real estate with that.   If he's got more financial resources than the $10 I mentioned, he could pay a company to do all of this SEO stuff for him or he could pay a lawyer to threaten whatever site is hosting his arrest details, provided it's not a government agency (which I don't think it is because those usually don't show up in search results like that).
0	Bear with a smoker here. It could be different where you live, but where I live, there aren't ashtrays and buttstops on every corner, like garbage cans. This states that conventional litter and cigarette butts, while equal in application, are not the same in the eyes of the municipal planners. While holding a burning object, one tends to discard it when it begins to burn them, and if the proper disposal receptacle isn't readily available, we tend to toss it. "Stomp it out and trash it", you might think, but that's where you could be legally considered an arsonist. If the fire is not completely out, the whole can will burst into an inferno, and more likely than not, it will be in the bin owned by another. Trash fires don't subside very quickly and leave a rancid stench that doesn't dissipate for hours, leaving the people who walk by, smoker or non, to deal with it. This leaves us with one other solution: petition to ban smoking altogether. That will fail because, quite simply, there's too much money in the industry to outright ban it.
0	No.  Not a troll.  Neither am I a teacher.  I am a father of a first grader, and an engineer.  I think I had a fairly level-headed post that included fact, a real scenario, and the demonstrated reason behind the explanation.  It's not something I made up.  It is just something that you (for the sake of an argument that is nonexistent) don't want to accept. You started off with an assumption, delivered an anecdote, and closed with hope.  I should end there...but I will give the benefit of the doubt:   Algebraic properties are now being taught to children at that early of an age (I know this for FACT) with the intent of helping them understand and apply algebra and calculus when they are older.  Our generation and prior generations were not given the proper tools to understand these concepts when the time came.  Therefore, many people gave up or dropped out of math.  This is a fact.  Very few people enjoy math or continue on at college level unless it is required.  This is a known National education problem.   Sure.  doing this problem with multiplication is definitely a way to do it...but it is a short term solution to a long-term problem.  Doing multiplication bypasses the intent of process and understanding the principle of which multiplication derives from.  The goal is not to utilize the derivative...the goal is to utilize the principle in itself.   If the teacher prefaced the assignment with "Write your math sentences to complete these problems", which I am 95% confident that happened because my daughter brings home the same kind of assignments (That include multiple sentences for each problem), then "5x5=5" would in fact be wrong...It demonstrated the answer, but did not show what was really happening, which is what the teacher wanted.  THE TEACHER WAS NOT TESTING 1ST GRADERS ON THEIR TIMES TABLES.  THEY WERE TESTING THEM ON A PRINCIPLE which was bypassed.   ...It would be the same as answering the math question I posed above (20 oranges and 4 apples)  without showing the equation or the work.   2(6X)+1(8X) + 2(2Y)=20X+4Y is the correct answer when an algebra teacher asks for it or "Math sentence" when a first grade teacher asks for it.  I don't think this should be news to anybody with a highschool math education...and I don't know how that could make me a troll?  This sort of logic is being started at an early age so that children in the USA are no longer caught with their pants down when the time comes, as we have in the past.
0	When I was about six or seven, I adopted a stray cat. My parents weren't thrilled, but let me keep him nonetheless. Stripey (my imagination came later) and I were best friends, no, super best friends.   Cut to family vacation. We have a great time, but all I can think of is getting back home to see Stripey. Finally get home and I run inside calling for him. Stripey is nowhere to be found.   My parents tell me that they gave Stripey to a lady from our church. They told me that I could go visit Stripey there if I wanted to, but that was his new home. He was also a lot happier there because he had all of her other cats to play with all day.   I did visit a few times, but Stripey and I grew apart. Eventually, he didn't even know me and wouldn't come when I called him or anything. Stripey lived a long and fruitful life at his new home for I think 12 or 13 years.   Cut to thirty years after my parents tore Stripey from my life. My mom tells me that shortly after Stripey went to his new home, he disappeared. The lady who took him in felt so badly about it that she got another cat that looked like him so when I visited I wouldn't be heartbroken.
1	I don't really play much anymore cause I suck and I'm just tired of idiots. The thing is that some people just can't handle the pressure of playing ranked, be it bronze or diamond. Example: I was playing adc and losing lane (but didn't die in lane phase), now the mid and jungler started complaining that bot lane sucked which I just ignored, but it seemed that my support felt like he had to prove himself and started taking risks and started dying. he had 4 deaths before lane phase was over and continued to die ending at 9 deaths and 30 min loss. And I believe he only tok those risks to prove himself to mid and jungle.   On a side note, the jungler had 13 deaths and mid had 10 deaths when the game was over.
1	I know this isn't exactly helpful information, but I'm a Fiddle fan too. However, I've noticed that he is outclassed in many ways by jungle Mordekaiser.   Morde has slightly less damage output, but is more tanky, and I'd say that their 1v1 potential is about the same (except Morde's is not very good pre-6).   They both are AP Mage junglers who build some spell vamp and lots of AP.   They are both very good at farming the jungle continuously.   The main differences are: Fiddlesticks has an amazing ult if you have an aoe team (and arguably a better one than Morde either way), Fiddle also has better surprise ganks.   The reason I tend to pick Morde over Fiddle is Morde has absolutely no reliance on blue buff. Sure, a successful invasion will still set me back, but I can do without it. Fiddle, on the other hand, is screwed if he loses that initial blue buff.   Furthermore, Morde can give all of the future blue buffs to mid, and it's a tough call for Fiddle. I like to at least have the second blue for the first time I ult.
0	I've never seen people tamper with food, and I've worked in several restaurants. No one asshole customer is worth losing your job. One night a cook had to make a dinner for her ex husband and his new girlfriend. If she didn't tamper with the food, you'll probably be safe.   Then again, some human beings are just jerks and wouldn't blink twice about getting fired for a chance to do something awful to another human.
0	Strangely enough I was taught chemistry from a super christian guy. Totally believed it was all created by god, but at the same time it was his teachings that really brought it all together for me. Creator or not, you can believe what you want started time and the expansion of the universe, nobody really knows, but everything we know is a product of almost 14 billion years of systems. Systems that don't stop and don't change in their most purest laws. The universe is like a computer, if you give it the same input it will give you the same answer every time. This is exactly what gives us science, being able to test and experiment. If any kinda of "god" is real, I would argue that it hasn't been around in almost 14 billion years.
1	Here is when you can justify promote... if you know your team is coordinated enough to exploit an advantage of forcing a one player on their team to another lane for about 15 seconds tops...   CLG can use this and they can be very good with it because if they force someone to clear another lane or lose a tower, it gives CLG about 30 seconds total (with travel time) to push 4v5, now in soloque with 5 people, usually thats still not even enough to just outright win, especially if you arn't coordinated.   Its not that you can't ever take promote. Its that in soloque, taking promote is saying "my team is good enough and coordinated enough to exploit a very brief period where we can force a 4v5." or... "Their team is dumb enough that I can promote a cannon minion and take a tower for a summoner spell."   I think in general, most people wouldn't say their teams are coordinated enough to do that in solo que.   In reality its not a bad summoner for competitive play. It is however an early game summoner, it allows for interesting early game strategies, but falls off super super hard late game compared to exhaust (which I think is fair to compare promote to on a support)   I do actually think that promote is a VERY good summoner in the low elo  - 1200 range. I find that in that range people tend to view lanes as "its your lane not mine." Until about 20 minutes. If you took like nunu + graves / corki / ez / sivir (or sona with any of those four as well) and with promote, you can take early and even get to inner tower, and with that you can also take such hard dragon control that through bot lane you can carry super super hard.
1	There is counter play to his ultimate, it is just that it depends on the pick/ban phase more than anything. As long as you are mobile, Olaf can do nothing to you. Caitlyn, Ezreal, Tristana can all just jump out of the way. Plus J4 and Anivia can just block him off. All he is able to do is run at you, he has no way to deal with mobile characters. That was one reason they gave for his nerf, but really it was a change based on the context of the game.   At the point of the nerf, the meta was to have a 2 v 1 lane, which Olaf was pretty good at if you gave him a first blue buff. They have since buffed towers to dissuade teams from 2v1ing and increased the jungler's dependence on his first buffs, so that is a nerf to him.   Additionally, at this point health was retardedly inexpensive, which compounded with the resistances from his ultimate and the way his W scales made him much stronger than other tanks at that point. Since then they have increased the cost of health items and made it more difficult to stack early on. Another contextual nerf to Olaf.   Finally, with the transition to season 3, there was a large nerf to AD items across the board. I can't remember the full list, but most of the items an ADC would build were worse, which made it more difficult to deal with the health stacking meta, especially as BotRK was pretty terrible at that point. Since then there have been some minor readjustments, and more importantly, the rework of BotRK, which not only shreds him when he builds straight health, but also gives the AD a massive MS buff if he ever gets close enough, making kiting far easier. Another nerf to Olaf.   Additionally, I don't remember a time when Olaf had above a 48& win rate in solo queue. Obviously this doesn't mean he wasn't strong as he dominated competitive play at the time. What it does mean though is that he was a champion that fit into the strategies used by the competitive teams at the time, such as 2v1 lanes. In average hands he was quite average.   However, their kneejerk nerf to him brought him down to a level of unplayability. I have seen more Heimerdingers, both in competitive play and soloqueue, since that point because he is beyond terrible at this point, and yet he still has his problematic ultimate.   So overall, if they were to revert him to how he was before the nerf, he would still be a decent champion. Not a must pick/ban champ as it is now harder to get him to his unkillable stage, but someone that could fit into a specific strategy. Instead they are completely reworking, and in my opinion destroying, what was enjoyable about the champion. All the tradeoffs you listed would have made him balanced at the time, but he CAN'T effectively stack health any more, he can't survive long enough to stay around and auto attack a target to get a low cooldown on his E, and he can't afford to run up and chunk people down in lane.   This iteration of changes takes him from being an offtank that dives their carry and forces a team reaction to a would be assassin without the means to just jump on the enemy, and without the defensive power to just brute force through them. Essentially he will just have to stand around and hope that someone important on the enemy team messes up and gets out of position. No matter what they do to his numbers he will have no true a team comp, only ever used as a snowbally melee carry in elos low enough to draw a Fiora ban, unless they buff his numbers up too much, in which case it doesn't matter what his abilities are, he will just be OP because of them.   This kind of turned into an essay, but it is really frustrating to see them destroy what made Olaf unique and enjoyable to play. I used him as my main in season 2 and the early stages of season 3, and I really miss being able to play my viking. I'm worried that these changes will stop him from ever being worth playing again.
1	Once i did a game with a friend and he checks a pantheon player on lolking, that player had 200+ games played with only pantheon and he owned us.   Now aside from that yes Athene plays 2 champs but he said in his vid that he "can" play multiple champs that, that isn't the problem.   And here i want a reply from you guys: I don't understand why you guys complain that he plays two champs?   Multiple "pro" players and "famous" streamers play one or two champs alot. Like Dyrus with his Zed/Yorick testing or TRM with his kassadin plays.   It's just the same but a different situation.   The difference is you guys just hate Athene that's all.
0	I wish people like you could spend 5 minutes with an insurgent.   What is an "insurgent"? Sounds just like "terrorist"! Oh man! Why not just call them "baddies"?   You can't even name that which you fight in a proper manner?   >They're not good people.   So? What does "good" even mean?  People who kill others to protect America's interest are the good people?   People who kill people for the "wrong" reasons are bad people? And killing them for the "right" reasons makes you a good one?   Here is a PSA for you: More people die globally due to American imperialism and its completely unsustainable economics than due to the crimes committed by any middle eastern government, regardless how inhuman.   I mean, seriously: Regardless how inhuman any other place on the planet seems, no country on the planet is more destructive and unsustainable than the US. Yet it still has power... because its unsustainable behaviour is enabled through the exploitation of others. Why do you believe the US military exists? You think you need that $multi-trillion military that eats 4% of the country's GDP to defend against foreign threats? Really? Haha, oh wow.   > They're not "freedom fighters" or whatever romanticized term you want to use.   Neither are American soldiers (and that's literally what they are called by many).   >They're quite literally fighting for oppression of others and have absolutely no problem with killing civilians.   The absolute same can be said about American soldiers.   I mean, are you seriously saying that the American military is not an imperialistic force that causes huge amounts of destruction  on a global scale ?   Civilian casualties of aggressive militaristic action conducted by the US significantly outnumber any civilian casualty within the US caused by other militaries.   I mean, the sheer ignorance of the statement you just made.   The US is not a force of good. American soldiers are "insurgents" just as much as the insurgents they fight. They are  not  good people.  They are quite literally fighting for oppression of others. They don't have to purposely target and kill civilians because they don't have to resort to terror - they have the biggest military on the planet to directly enforce their economic interests.   >It's just sad how little you obviously understand about the war.   It's sad how little you obviously understand about the world and how incredibly blind you are.   I mean, you actually seem to believe that the US is fighting for freedoms and against oppression. Oh wow...   The US is eroding freedoms  on a global scale  and is the biggest force of oppression on the planet in more or less every conceivable way. The US has private prisons and runs a modern slave industry, has private military contractors that are constantly committing war crimes for them so they don't have to take the flak, they have illegal prisons where people are held without trial and tortured on a daily basis, they prosecute whistleblowers, they slaughter literally thousands of civilians during their operations and call it appropriate, they invade other countries under fabricated reasons, ..., ...   So... tell me again who the "insurgents" are. Tell me again how US troops are the good guys. Tell me again how they are just out there fighting the baddies.   Spoiler: The US military is not a defense force. It's the biggest and most overbloated military on the planet and it has pretty clear objectives. It's an aggressive attack force that exists to enforce US economic interests on a global scale.   Here are numbers for deaths of innocents caused by the US in a single country that's not even on the same continent as theirs:   So... now show me some numbers of how many American civilians have been killed by all other countries' militaries and terrorist groups combined in that timeframe. Go on.
1	Ya Lot of Supports who scale so fast..  Meanwhile people who play carries get stuck...
1	I try and post this everytime I see one of these threads.  Tier 1 runes are a good deal, and tier 2 are the worst deal in the game.   You can get 6 tier 1 AD, Armor, and Magic Resist runes for 270 IP.  1 Quint is between 40 and 165 IP, depending on what you want.   note: you unlock 1 rune spot per lvl, so you only need 6 marks, seals, and glyphs   A tier 1 armor rune gives 0.78 armor; a tier 3 gives 1.41.  A tier 1 costs 15 ip; a tier 3 costs 205.   Tier 2 are a waste of IP!  Continue to buy tier 1 runes until lvl 30, then get all lvl 3.
1	Uhh nothing will happen to poppy. Sadly MIL showed exactly how not to play as a pro team.   Let me explain why.   THEY LET MUNDO 1v1 POPPY dumbest thing you can do as a pro team. Poppy should have been at half the CS mundo have if done well.
1	It's kind of a long read, but its certainly a decent approach to make the Honor system something akin to an obsession to players, since if anything the Human being can be quite competitive about the most stupid things if they want.   Basically the "analogy" or approach i want to suggest for the honor system would be to get some Average numbers of the amount of honor the player base have, and catalog the numbers into something like this (Following the same structure the graph in the link shows)   -The best example of honor behavior players in the game have X amount of honors   -The Average player in league have X amount of honors   -You have X amount of honor   Showing those 3 simple things could potentially make the Honor system something more used, since people would actively strive to be one of the Best Honored player in the game. A certainly lack of the current honor initiative is that only YOU know how honorable you are, it doesn't show or give you something to compare yourself to see if you should strive for being more honorable or if you are honorable enough.   Just some food for thought i guess. Have a nice day :)   >EDIT:
0	fuck this kid. yes. fuck him   when i was in first grade, i met a new friend, and he was really cool. like had a cast that he let me write on cool. one day he asked if i wanted to come over and put together this huge new lego castle he got. and boy was i excited!   my mom dropped me off after school and as my mother is talking to is in the kitchen, we run into his bedroom and he starts pulling a box out from underneath his bed. HUGE BOX! it was the largest lego set i had ever seen... but it didnt say lego. Oh well! it's still a huge castle.   He dumps the pieces on the floor, and the look dull and just not right... lo and behold i could barely get three blocks to stick together without falling apart.   ME: "Whats wrong with your legos? are they broken? they dont work right...:   HIM: "Noooooo! They're Mega Bloks, my mommy saud that they're much better than legos are!"   ME: "Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa MOMMYYYYYYY!"   At least my mom was still in the kitchen and she took me home to sob quietly into a pile of REAL legos
1	Hes still pretty hard to lose lane as   Reading straight off Elementz tier list: He loses to Shen, Malphite, Olaf, Udyr, Yorick, Jax, Riven, Lee Sin, Renekton, Irelia, Jarvan IV, Nautilus, Wukong, and Darius pretty hard.   >worst case scenario on GP, you get counterpicked, and then you still get all of the CS.   Or, they pick Poppy, outlane and dive you, AND outscale you.   >Raise Morale allows you to get the treasured 1 shot on melee's after two hits, and one shot on ranged minions after one tower hit, something that often times you have to build AD for, but on GP you can build pure tank and still get that.   Congrats, you can cs under tower. So can half the bruisers in the game.   >Also his ult is probably one of the best forms of initiation in the game.   Malphite, Skarner, Nautilus, and Wukong all bring the same thing with higher CC, innate tankiness, and a much better lane phase.   >Oh and its near impossible to gank him, speed boost + orange, np.   Nobody needs help against GP.   >Oh and he can gank really well (passive red buff np)   Udyr with red buff is the same thing, except he finishes the clear 30 seconds earlier, puts out higher damage, and can easily kill GP in his jungle if he even tries for that red buff.
1	I feel that it needs some good buffs to just feel more impactful than it is. Aside from in-lane, and even then the damage is pretty low, Varus doesn't get much play focused around popping his W stacks so it's more of "oh hey that's a nice little help" rather than something Varus is required to do to be utilized fully. His W atm feels unrewarding especially after the effort that is done to pull it off with 3 autos and THEN a skillshot to get a noticeable amount of damage. As a Varus, I'm more concerned about landing my abilities at the right time, positioning, and kiting correctly rather than how many W stacks do I have and how should I proc them when it comes to fights. Call me crazy but if they increase the amount that Varus' W increased per rank by about 66% I think it would be a more utilized ability; they can even remove the uninteractive bonus magic damage on hit passive for it if need be. So instead of 2/2.75/3.5/4.25/5% max health per stack it would be 2/3.25/4.5/5.75/7% per stack. Varus has trouble competing with the likes of Jinx and Twitch when it comes to a non-mobile adc late game so I feel this buff would definitely help his late game potential without putting him super over the top. Maxing W first I don't think would be considered a good idea due to the insane 16-18 sec cd on his basic abilities at lower ranks so there would be serious trades offs early if you decide to whilst putting him in a better spot to other non-mobile adcs late game regardless of what you maxed first.
1	As a high elo player, that pretty oftenly queues up with friends bad in this game, i just usually stomp the lower elo player im laning against, and afterwards tell them what they did wrong, give tips, etc, if they are willing to accept the advice. Sometimes they just go full "OMG NOOB DIE OFF CANCER NOOB CHAMP", where, in my opinion, they deserve to get stomped, because they are literally throwing away a chance to get better in this game. Usually they do ask, for the advice, though, and them, im more than glad to help, i sometimes even end up in custom games with the guy i just stomped, to have a better shot at helping him.   E:
1	I think that a votekick is a good idea. The time required to queue is penalty enough, especially in higher levels, to encourage someone to be a team player. what votekick does is give the majority of players in a given lobby the ability to form better team cohesion by encouraging communication. I think that in order for a kick to be successful, you should require an overwhelming majority of the players on a team to agree, ie. 3 or 4 in a 5s game. In order to prevent duoqueue abuse, make the 2 people in a duoqueue worth only 1 vote so that you can still kick one or both memebers of the duo. Then only require 3 votes for a kick.  However, if you have any other premade, it actually makes sense to give each person a vote of the same weight, because they've queued up together so you want to encourage cohesion between them. A 4man team should be able to select their fifth man almost with impunity. A lobby of players, ie. on 5man team in 5s, should be able to kick a player and not have to requeue. However, they shouldn't be able to do this indefinitely or you'll get people who just idle in a lobby looking for the perfect team. limit a lobby to 3 kicks, after which that lobby is disbanded and the individuals are returned to the global queue.  This should encourage people to be open to new things or things just outside their comfort zone by not letting them idle with the same group of people for an extended time, while also encouraging pre-game team cohesion by allowing a consensus to remove toxic players.
0	Looking at it from a different perspective, there's research that shows that people that are overwhelmed with stimuli (lots of noise, videos, flashing lights, etc.) have much higher stress and are more irritable. This might explain why we have people that fulfill those stereotypes of city people and also might explain why there is more crime in cities. On the other hand, do cities have more gun violence, or a higher  RATIO  of gun violence than in rural areas.
1	I think that there should be a queue for it, and you pick a champion that you like to play. E.g. You pick  Urgot  and it comes up with the first game with a DCd  Urgot  in it. This will reduce the chances of you getting a troll, because people will pick a champion who they like.
0	I want to clear the air cause this turned into a comment war I didn't expect.   There's some factors I'm not sure are being seen by all sides here.  On one hand, This professor might be at some sort of specialties school and have more than 100 students in his class.  This could be a very high level class as well.The students might be around 22 or 23 and I could see treating them like employees more than students.  I still think its pretty unhelpful and almost passive aggressive, but hey I'm in education and I'm more the type to want to help them as much as they can and if I could I would do one on one with each student reminding them and guiding them until I'm sure they don't need my assistance.   On the other hand, this could be a freshman course.  These people aren't here because they are adults.  They are here to learn how to be adults.  If this is a liberal arts school, it may be some filler requirement that has nothing to do with their major.  They have several things to focus on, and the little bit of paper in their bag that's almost identical to every other syllabus they have had in their life that have previously been useless, wastes of bag room, and just clutter.  I think it would be a bit too unrealistic for them to see this one and go, "Well, better hold onto this one for the rest of the year" when even other professors tell them they don't have to hold onto it.   I think the issue here is that most people see the professor as a person who they are paying to guide, instruct, and help them as much as they can to reach an understanding of the material, but the instructor would rather say, "Not my problem" instead of "don't forget" when he knows that these are still just kids that are trying to adjust to a big change in schooling.  I could understand it if it were after the first paper.  But this just strikes me as one of those people that got his PHD for the pay raise and sees lecturing and assignments as a necessary evil to get the paycheck.   I have had professors as OP describes, but the first day they flat out said, "This is your syllabus.  Keep at least the front and back pages.  The front is my contact information which I won't be stating again.  The back sheet says when your assignments for this course are due.  I wont give you reminders.  Hold onto these."  And I never missed a paper or test.  So many teachers at universities and colleges have their own way of handling assignments and reminders that I feel this professor in question should have at least stated that in the beginning.
1	Please don't post
0	TO put it simply, when a government (or company for that matter) borrows money, it's to pay a bill that it already incurred.  Most transactions occur on credit, so they don't need to pay for a while.   So not raising the debt ceiling doesn't prevent them from spending more money, it prevents them from paying people they owe money to.   This now has a disastrous effect on the entire world.  The U.S. treasury has now defaulted on all it's outstanding debt (meaning, they can't pay their bills).  The effect on the US is fairly obvious.  But now the value of all US back securities/debt/notes/currency that other countries hold are now severely impaired.   To simplify that point: China owns (a made up number) $1 trillion in US debt.  It is now worth <$500 billion.  That means they are no longer worth as much any more, and they may risk defaulting on their debt.   And so on and so on.
1	OK doing some quick math here.   Caster minions initially give 29.44 exp. according the lol wiki. Melee minions initially give 58.88. This gives a solo laner 264.96 exp. from the first wave of minions. However, you need 280 exp in order to reach level 2.   By using the equation 264.96(x)=280, you'll see that x=1.05676, which basically means that you need a nearly 5.7% exp. boost in order to reach level 2 on the first wave. This can be done using Zilean's passive (8%) or by using three exp. quints. (2% each for a total of 6%) You can also get up to 5% exp. boost from your masteries, but you'd only need 3 points in the mastery to get to 3.75% and then adding an exp. quint to exceed the required percentage.
1	aggressive. early ganks, going for that snowball. the risk you run is that not all lanes are "gankable" and the higher elo you go the more skill is required to get those ganks. often time at higher elo you cant just expect to outplay, you have to out-setup the gank, running exhaust on your top lane is the easist but not always best route to run, if you dont have that king of assured-Q / damage route to get your early gank then you might not want to start dorans. there are so many things that you need to adapt to as a jungler that its impossible to just say "do this, it always works" because the truth is theres nothing that always works. but, if you CAN do dorans you should, always. its so amazing of a start, you can clear jungle decently and in exchange for slightly weaker clear you get an INCREDIBLE increase in gank damage, ganks that would otherwise force people to heal will instantly RAPEKILL them. its amazing and i love it. riven and lee sin are both super amazing early damage champs, lee sin has a bunch of things that scale with ad, riven has her passive, and her W and Q which both deal crazy damage and cc.
0	I kind of agree with this. Except take gender out of it. If there is a stay at home partner and a working partner yes I do think the stay at home partner should do a larger portion of the household daily chores but I still think the outside the house working partner should contribute to household chores even if it is smaller quicker jobs like garbage removal or picking up after dinner. And, if kids are involved, the outside the home worker has to understand what a full time job that can be especially at certain ages and not come home and think they are done and ready to sit on their asses.   FYI I work outside the home and would jump at the chance to be a stay at home person and honestly feel that cleaning up on say a 70/30 ratio would be a small price to pay for that luxury.
0	My cousin (who is quite a bit older than I am) and her husband have 4 children, 2 that are older and 2 that are younger. Sometimes, I'll take one of the younger ones out for ice cream or to the park to give them a break. At the time, I was about 21 and my niece (I know, not technically my niece but that's how we roll in our family because we're super tight) was around 3. So we go to the park and it's me, my niece and this mom there with her kid.   The kids are playing in the park, me and this mom (who's quite a bit older than I am) are chatting then my niece yells "Come chase me, unkie! (uncle)" It's this game where I pretended to be a dinosaur and she ran around the playground screaming and laughing as kids do.   So I'm 'chasing' her around the playground when from the corner of my eye I see this old large woman come stomping on to the playground and yells "LEAVE THAT LITTLE GIRL ALONE!" I look around to see what's going on but there's no little girls here except my niece and point to myself like 'who me?' At this point, my niece comes over to me and I scoop her up and she says loudly "Why's that lady angry?" at which point this woman goes beet red and turns around and walks away.   Like... Honestly, does she really think I couldn't catch up to a 3 year old? Give me some credit. Damn.
1	Create new account, login and play my first game. Very few first sentances in the game of my brand new made account. I didn't mind reporting them since they were all under level 10 and if they would've get banned it shouldn't really make a difference for them. What I'm surprised about is that when I was a lowbob I didn't really flame like that, do you guys think it is normal? The flame has been going on for the entire game and I don't really feel like 'smurfing' at all.
0	We all felt like you in the beginning too. Marriage is hard   Honestly, I've never felt that way. My wife and I have been married 11 years and it hasn't seemed hard at all. Then again, I married my best friend, so that probably is what made it a lot easier. Good communication skills and lack of fear of judgement goes a long way.   Oh and I'm sure people will say "Oh, well your marriage hasn't been tested yet."   My wife was abused in her childhood. We have a special needs daughter. I was in the Army for 7 years and deployed for 1. I was injured during that deployment, was determined by the Army to be disabled and medically retired. I stopped believing in god, and told her this, even though we were both devout followers of our faith when we married. My wife also had a major injury from an accident that required surgical correction. Not to mention I have extremely judgmental and controlling parents, who would control my entire life (including never marrying my wife) if I didn't have a backbone.
1	Orianna wasn't available at Dreamhack. They were playing on the Tournament realm which was on the patch that was released 1 week before her.   Brand wasn't hugely popular at Dreamhack. He was picked 8 times (never banned) with only 3 players actually playing him (Fnatic's Shushei- three times, GameDDE's Reyk- three times and Xan's Axion- twice).   The most popular AP was Malzahar, followed by Anivia. Brand was the joint 3rd most picked champion along with Vladamir and Annie.   Rumble (22), Twisted Fate (17) and Vladamir (14) were APs that were very frequently banned (over 27 games there are statistics for). Pick statistics taken from [here]( [here]( and [here](   I'm not sure I'd agree that he was so overpowered as many people here seem to think. Whilst he was stronger than he is now, I think the fact that it took 4 months for the only nerfs he has received reflects that he was slightly problematic but not hugely so.   I think (and this is obviously an oversimplification due to team compositions etc.) that Malzahar was stronger at Dreamhack (and before). He received nerfs the patch immediately after Dreamhack (the following Wednesday) which indicates Riot may already have been aware/ planning to make them before seeing how successful he was in competitive play. IIRC there was a red statement when they nerfed him talking about how they felt that he was a high skillcap champion and that now people knew how to play him, his kit (damage/ratios) was overly strong.
1	The rage is that they are trying to get popularity for the sole reason that they have boobs.  They aren't pros, they don't bring anything new to the table, all they are doing is making up a stereotype that people really didn't make a big deal about until now.  Had they done all this when they were say a top 20 team, they would be Heros, but they didn't so they just look like attention whores now.
1	Odds are when people do something and it doesn't work out, they know not to do it again. They don't need you asking why. That puts people on tilt because the answer is nearly always "I thought it was a good idea" and the result is usually going to be "I now know it wasn't and wont be doing it again". If they don't learn, you don't have to play with them again so what does it matter?
1	One thing you should learn about low elo is that team comp doesn't matter for anything. Ive won games with 5 ap because we all build smart ie abyssals and void staff as well focusing the same targets. So really winning comes down to playing smart; ie not diving and dieing, building correctly and farming; playing better than your opponents and lastly a bit of luck in some cases. Also one thing to remember is that you will lose games that you could do nothing about, it happens. The trick is to move onto the next game and try and play as good as you can and win the 50/50 games. Also winning and losing streaks happen; ive been from 1500 to 1200 back to 1450 all in the space of <100 games this season.
1	Link isn't the issue to be quite honest. CLG have been using their top, jungle AND support to essentially be a wall for Doublelift and forcing Link to try and make plays. That is super hard to do when the top and jungle just don't build damage.   The result of Hotshot and Chauster not having damage: Blow up Link and clean up Doublelift. They just ignore those two. The worst part is HSGG and Chauster are so predictable. Chausters ganks are predictable and HSGG's champion pool is abysmal. Combine that with DLift's horrid champion pool as well and it spells trouble for CLG.   Now this week, they are essentially trying to force their image away from "4 supports and a doublelift" but the teamcomps sucked something fierce. Yes, they pulled out the win on Vulcun (IGNORE ME I'M BAD) but you can throw any teamcomp against Vulcun and squeak by with a win.
0	yes, you and all the fucking rest of you. shut up, can I tell you about something I don't care about that you enjoy? Will that make you feel like you're a special snowflake?  Why do you have to shit on something others enjoy? you're not fostering conversation,  you're just telling a bunch of people you don't care.  If you didn't care, why the fuck are you telling us?  I don't walk up to people buying milk and say, "hey, I don't like milk".  Because I truly do not give a fuck about them enjoying milk.  But, I give a fuck about people being pretentious.  Be less pretentious.  Also, you aren't even original in your not caring, I've seen this post twice this week, at least give us something new you don't care about.  There are millions of fans for Pokemon, odds are a portion of the population doesn't care/ doesn't enjoy it, go figure, it's almost like people aren't clones.
0	This reminds me of when my friend decided to shoot his .50 pistol right next to my ear after pulling out my ear plug while I'm shooting a shotgun. So in deliriousness of pain I turn and point the shotgun at all of them.
1	TSM have been practicing a lot lately. CLG didnt do to bad for a new top laner and someone who's new in the jungle. Give it time and you'll see that CLG is still strong enough to possibly win season 2 championship.   Saint on the other hand.. I've never seen him play as bad as he did yesterday, he got no synergy or anything with any player in curse and it will take a long time before it happens. I would say that saint would've done better in CLG.black right now.
1	the only issue is that there are teams of people that work in the stages of champion production that have nowhere else to do. For example how can somebody who animates character models be expected to be able to just start coding a new client. It is because of this that champion production can never stop unless several people are fired or massive relocations are done to the refurbishing of older champs and other areas in which their skill base is useful. Also champions make money e.g. i payed RP for the new champ to get his skin today. Had they come out with a new client instead Riot may have had positive feedback from the community but wouldn't have received my money, something their business model is 100% dependant on.
1	If you are watching a League of legends stream, you are taking the risk of getting spoilers, it can't be avoidable and the casters will not pause everytime they have something to say about some earlier games that they might give spoilers.  It's the same as going to twitter or facebook, you can't expect someone to not talk about something.
1	I used to  love  Westrice, like pretty much everyone else in the community, after seeing his Akali at Dreamhack. Also saw him playing a couple sleep OP champs here and there (people didn't understand how good Ahri was, perhaps for many of the same reasons Akali was underrated).   Just seems that his ability didn't really extend past a few select champions, and nerfs to Akali plus changes in the meta really cut him down from one of the best players in the world to just 'good'. Having him act like a massive doucher on a smurf in game with me in the 1700s was just the icing on the cake...he has a huge ego and it just doesn't work at his skill level on AD carry. Seeing him play AD and failing hard (totally carried by Dan's calls) then blaming his team (after he pretty much watched EG beat CLG without his help) was the final nail in the coffin.
1	Lets assume there are 115 champs and at least 2 skins for each (and that's being generous). Lets assume the skins are each 100mb. That would mean 10 skins is 1gb and the game is greater than 10gb. That is skins ALONE.   Battlefield 3 is less than 10 gbs (No DLC).
1	She had a rework several patches ago which was essentially a huge buff.   They increased the missile speed on her Boomerang, which still hits like a truck.   They reworked her Ricochet to be a on hit ability, which means it resets her AA timer, which is HUUUUUGE for an AD, especially early game before people get AS items.   Her Spell Shield is simply good, when timed right it means you will win any exchange and get mana out of it to boot.   Her ult now triggers on anyone who steps into the AOE, before it would only affect those near you at the time of the cast. Now your team can join you and get powerful when they show up, allowing you to bait more effectively.   Her passive, before being dodge when she AA's, is now MS when she AA's which when combined with her ult or a red buff gives her amazing kiting power.   She is mobile, scales extremely well with AD and has a shield that prevents her from being bursted down. I've been playing Soraka with a friend on Sivir quite a bit recently and the ability to bully your lane is simply amazing with the sustain of Soraka.
0	while i think you are somewhat right i think that analysis would be a little bit shallow.  Yes, the was was about states rights for both sides. The south did secede because they 1. felt it was their right (to secede) and 2. believed that staying in the union their rights as states would be infringed upon.   I will agree with you that slavery is largely perpetuated as the only reason and that is not correct. But to say the that it was not a driving force is not true. At the time there was a specific state right in question, slavery. The south was afraid of the federal government gaining a non-slavery majority and passing laws that would abolish slavery. Now you might say that this is still a states rights thing. I would disagree because at that time I don't there would be any other issue that controversial and so ingrained in society at that time that could cause a war.   As for the slavery being the union rally cry, that i would outright disagree with. The war for the north was about the preservation of the union. Slavery was not brought into the war until late 1962 with the emancipation proclamation(and that was more of a punishment for the rebelling states). The fact is there was still a lot of racism in the north and many people really didn't care about blacks. This was also something very unpopular to do (had the war not started swinging in favor by 1864 Pres. Lincoln may have lost the election and thus ending the civil war).   As for the confederate flag, while it may represent those things, it also represents a very violent part of our history and the imprisonment of a race of people. While it may not be a direct connection, that flag does represent a group of people who decided they didn't want to be a part of this country because they were afraid the big bad federal government was going to take away their slaves. By today's standards that group does come across as racist/ignorant.
0	Being hit by my parents did NOT make me respect them. Not at all. In fact, it made me resent them and view them as enemies. It made me not trust adults and plan ahead on what I can do to avoid other people lashing out at me violently. It also gave me huge authority issues which keep me from doing anything from having a job to being told to do simple chores around the house without getting pissed off.   I do not respect anybody for being more powerful than me. It just makes me resent them and try to find ways to get to them to try to assert that they can't have a willing slave if they're going to use fear to get it.
1	I'm going to wait until I can watch a VOD of this before I pass final judgment, but my initial impression is that this is a really really bad move by reginald.   I was actually thinking about this when he originally started to start raising a shitstorm, but really, there is no upside to what regi is doing.   When Dignitas beat CDE, CDE lost the trip to Korea, but gained the sympathy and support of the community. But the problem is, the only parties that had really been heard from in this matter were CDE. Dignitas, WCG, and Riot had all not released final statements about the matter.   Now that they've started to tell their sides of the story, and the community firestorm is starting to die down, and the facts about what actually happened are starting to come out, people are going to form their final opinions on the matter.   The issue for CDE is this: if the facts come out and support CDE's point of view, then Regi's raging will be mostly canceled out by the fact that his team was treated unfairly. People may think less of him for it, but they'll understand why. But if the facts come out, and they actually show that Dignitas were cast in the wrong light due to mismanagement, or if Riot does something to fix the situation like send both teams, or even if the end result is a sort of neutral scenario, and all the blame gets foisted onto WCG, then people are just going to remember Regi raging like an entitled brat and he'll actually lose fans/supporters from teh whole mess.
1	It forces teams to turn away good coaches that they want to work with, because few teams are going to throw away that much money.   what you're saying is that they are good coaches, just not good enough to give up $25,000 RIOT money?  OK   >Stage-presence is nothing to do with being a coach,   You're right- it has to do with marketing RIOT's product, League of Legends within their main marketing vehicle- the LCS.   > Riot shouldn't say they're paying coaches and then only honour it when they get a show out of it. I don't see why it's unreasonable for Riot to pay remote coaches such as LS a salary.   Because it's their money and they should do whatever they want with it.  The LCS is about marketing League of Legends.  I'd imagine affable, visible personalities on the pro scene help accomplish this task.  If LS is such a great coach, a team with sign him with their own funds.   >I don't think Riot should be forcing teams into decisions where it's a bad choice for them to work with the coaches they want to use.   I don't think you understand what FORCE means. RIOT is not forcing MYM to do anything.  They and other LCS teams are lucky RIOT decided to offer support staff subsidies in the first place.  They are forcing MYM to use their own funds to hire staff that can't make an appearance at LCS events.
1	Another thing he said which really made me change my perception on losses: "The season is  really  long, like it's almost a year. You're in no rush".   This has led me to not care all too much about losses, and focus on improving my game in general. I realised that I can't win every single game, it's just not possible. So I focus on the next game and move on. Before anyone perceives this in the wrong way, I still care about winning - I just don't get frustrated if games go badly.   This is something everyone should be aware of. Having this mindset will make you pay more attention to improving, since you shift attention from getting frustrated. I.e. Instead of "fuuuuck I died crap crap crap, now i lose LP", it's more like "Hm, well we lost this teamfight, checking their dmg output is this I need to get this item, we should splitpush etc." Instead of having a destructive mindset you have a constructive one.
0	I just feel as though the dating game is absolutely stacked against good men, like if you have a penis and testicles you're already in an impossible hole dug by every previous man child to have used and abused that woman because SHE didn't have the self respect to value a healthy man and that nothing short of a miracle can give you a chance. OH of course unless you're an absolute piece of shit man child in which case you're worshiped because you're a guilty pleasure.
0	i agree with you on the accepting of different musical tastes, but i disagree with your other points.   Chris Brown only got off jailtime because he was Chris Brown. If it was a normal man, he would have been sent to jail for assault and other legal charges i don't know.   Secondly, i don't really think they have musical talent. Yes they are good dancers, but they are musicians, not dancers, and i hate how the talent has been taken out of music. It's all about your image and less about your music. All they do is get some producer to write you a basic song about partying or a girl, run it through autotune and wallah! number 1 hit.   Look at people like lady gaga and katy perry etc., songs are generic and bland, but they dress like spastics and people think they are hot, so they are famous. Wonderful singer like Adele, accused of being too big. I'm sorry, at what point did her figure have anything to do with her music?
1	It's a really good idea. As far as I can tell the Movement Speed that is stolen actually scales from your own base movement speed, so you wouldn't even need the enemy champion to be moving fast. This effectively gives you a 25% multiplicative bonus. However you instantly lose homeguard when you activate it as it deals damage as well. Unfortunately in this instance a 25% multiplicative bonus is not as strong as a 200% additive bonus.
0	This, so true... Q_Q such a big backlog and no time for it all   edit:
1	So what if Riot gave them the wrong accounts and took them several days to fix the issue. They were punished for their impatience. Riot is giving them a fully stocked, ready to go account, and they can't wait a few days for it? If Riot didn't hand out these accounts in the first place, CLG would have stayed in NA as it would have taken way to long for them to create and level/build an account from scratch. This situation is not Riots fault. Riot didn't tell CLG to account share while they waited for the right accounts.
1	If the enemy Laner has less than half health, from spears, they won't engage. Just because some people are stupid and don't buy wards doesn't mean that nidalee is a bad support.
0	Backstory:   The relationship was great at first. Then it went downhill. It started when a friends father passed away (female friend). She was very close to her father and it hit her like a ton of bricks. We were studying at the same university. We had been friends we were kids but she only had a few friends there. Since her family lived far away she turned to me for consolation. I did all I could to make her feel better. Sometime she'd call me in the middle of the night because she was crying and needed someone to talk to.   I spent a lot of time with my friend and this made my girlfriend jealous. She suspected that I was cheating on her. I was pissed at first when she mentioned it but I forgot it pretty quickly. She didn't stop though. She kept making comments which eventually made me lose it. We had arguments almost every day before we broke up the first time. I told her I'd had enough and suggested that we'd spend some time away from each other.   Time went on and we didn't meet for about 4 months*. Then she contacted me. She wanted to get back together. She told me she was sorry for being a bitch. I believed her. We met again and It felt like normal again. The after a few weeks I started noticing something was wrong. She was starting to become extremely clingy and paranoid. Sometimes she'd call and text me whenever we hadn't met for a few hours. I didn't confront her bout it until I caught her reading my texts. We started having arguments again and it felt just like before we broke up.   I told her I'd had enough and that I was leaving her. She told me she'd kill herself if I did it. Angry as I was I just ignored her because I didn't believe she'd do it. She killed herself after 3 weeks. I left out a lot of details but now you know basically what happened.
1	I won't even bother replying more than yes, I'm well over 17 and yes I've applied to big companies, I've worked for companies that make profit, no matter are they "big" or not (I'm not sure about what you mean by a big company, a company that makes a lot of profit or a company that has thousands of employees?). They have no rights to request you to tell your whole lifestory.
1	If you queue with people higher elo than you, than you W/L ratio will naturally become negative (you gain more elo for wins, and lose more for losses).   So basically queue up with people at a lower elo than you and your elo will steadily go down even if you win 55% of your games.
1	In my book, being a anime freak is different from being a anime freak that shows his body pillow of naked anime man proudly on youtube in a house-tour for his LoL-team. So
0	I wouldn't know I don't do online dating, but it seems like its similar to real life, attractive girls get attention, and don't respond because they're use to it. Theres one thing you need to keep in mind dude, if you message them, your message might get lost in a sea of other dudes messages, and they might not have read it, they might have been away from the PC for a long time, come back, seen it and thought " its a bit late now" the best thing to do is just keep putting yourself out there. Dont let it bash your confidence, if anything learn from it and use these "rejections" (if you can even call them rejections) as a cornerstone to build your confidence from. There are millions of dudes with low confidence looking for a girl to "find" them, be that one dude who gets out there and find the girl, be the one confident dude who gets a reply everytime, and if not, fuck em, its their loss. You are only "the man" as long as you believe it, if you don't like yourself why should anyone else, Learn to accept what you are, then embrace it and take the world like the bitch it is.
0	Seriously? You are butthurt because your parents go on camping trips without you, and don't help with your college finances? What else do you feel you deserve, just because? I am so goddamn embarrassed of my generation it makes me actually cringe when I think about it. Your folks coddled you too much and didn't beat you near enough what you deserve.
1	What were all thinking: yes, you are correct, you probably should take over clg and be a pro. Also, maybe you weren't playing the game? Its not the same playing and watching. Maybe he thought "damn I'm taking a lot of physical damage I better grab armor and hope my support can grab wards since I'm a carry and I need to not die" not "WARDS SUXX I DONNEED THAT SHIT"
0	Actually, dumbass, you asked for "evidence", not proof.  Evidence doesn't have to 100% prove something one way or the other. It just has to be something like makes it slightly more possible. For example, your lack of reading comprehension and knowledge of what words mean is  evidence  that you may be stupid, but it's not  proof  that you are stupid (because perhaps English isn't your primary language).   Source:
0	n. THE GUN WENT OFF! I heard a loud bang. I was surprised, scared, and confused all at once. Wa ... was I the one who got shot? But how, the gun was empty? After a moment of shock I came to find the killer laying on the ground with a bullet hole right between his eyes. I was amazed I could have sworn the gun was empty, how can this be? I took back out the magazine to see if it really was loaded and somehow missed it at first glace but no, they clip was completely empty. I checked the chamber to see if there was another round in it but it was empty as well. I began to think even if there was somehow a single bullet in the chamber that I didn't check before hand what are the chances of landing a near perfect shoot on the man while fighting over the gun. To this day I have no idea how this situation happened and don't think of it as anything less than a miracle knowing I should be dead. This happened to me a little longer than seven years ago and not a day goes by that I don't think about it. >
0	I've had my ass grabbed by a man . . . and it was okay to everyone around us.  He complimented me on my firmness, but I was flexing my ass.   So,
1	If it was halved in range, he becomes a pretty great cc heavy champ, but he punishes people who are out of position, not people who aren't constantly aware of the fact they could get grabbed over a wall into a waiting team.   He's like Nidalee in that playing against him becomes an exercise in micro managing your position, much more so than any other champs can make you do. It's not fun to play against, and "counterplay" (as riot is so in love with saying nowadays) revolves around not standing still, warding all the bushes and accepting that he will pull someone on your team late game which will make it a 4v5 and you will lose.   This isn't what any player enjoys playing against and it encourages the kind of play riot has been moving away from, conservative, overly cautious play. And playing as him? No more fun, you just keep throwing q's, and it's a matter of time till it lands and you get a guaranteed kill from the q, knockup, 30s cd aoe silence and damage and passive taht prevents countering this with just fighting.
1	I think your friends are an absolute minority from /r/starcraft. I've been following starcraft since 2+years and I can tell you that most of them would sell their sisters to a sex dealer if it could make deezer's life miserable.   Players are role models and mostly in SC2 if any of them missbehave, they will get punished by their team strongly.  Hell, saying gl hf at the start of a proleague match is enough for you to get kicked out of the tournament.
1	I feel your pain. I picked up LoL around may but started playing daily about 2 weeks ago. The amount of afk'ing/trolling/flaming is incredibly high. I reached lvl 15 with (some) co-op vs AI and normal blind pick and at lvl 20 i'll go draft pick every time (just to learn the roles better). I watch some streams and learned a shitton of it and I think the LoL tutorial is sooooo f'ing poor. Normal blind pick can be a pain of the ass at low lvsl because these 'noobs' don't even know what cs is, go for the most ridiculous builds (yesterday: ez had 4x IE) and don't know that there are roles in the game. If anyone on EUW wants to have fun and learn to play better with me, pm me please !!!!
1	This is probably just a narrow, subjective perspective but: My friends who pulled me into LoL (late s1) don't play it anymore. We are all much into character development (all dnd friends), and i remember us talking about champion relations in LoL and commenting on the newest Journal of Justice whenever it got out.   In whole honesty, that's the main reason we all switched to LoL (we played dota and hon before). The simplicity and low toxicity (HoN being a place where your K:D tells everything about you), and sheer amounts of fun were the other reasons (at least in the beginning).   I guess that's just every moba's fate, that people who stay after few years are either tryhards, or just don't have the time or will to try something new, because they put too much into it already (i'm maybe in both categories, so...don't hate).   I know some of them would swing back if there was Journal of Justice again. New cinematic was great and all, they agree to that, but it will just stay at that. I'm sure that with 20% of money they invested in it, they would have all year issues of JoJ (not that they can't have both).
1	Her passive is pretty much useless, the only time its useful is if you play ashe support, where your support sits in the bush for like 20 seconds then crit harasses. Other than that, her ult is pretty useless at all stages in the game. By mid game it may garuntee the first attack in a teamfight is a crit, but even then you should already be running IE and maybe a zeal, so its not like you wouldn't crit already, also since you are still farming, it doesn't really give you that much more crit if you walk from lane to dragon to a teamfight.   Early game as AD, while last hitting its totally worthless... Late game, yeah pretty worthless again.
1	Sort of this. I tried getting my friend into the game. he immediately took a liking to ashe but he had to have the worst map awareness of anyone in the history of LoL, HoN, DoTA and any other MOBA games that ever existed. So i tried to force him to buy 2 wards for mid lane to make him safe and tried to show him how he should only be last hitting etc. Didn't work. He threw a fit and stopped playing because all that stuff was gay according to him. A month later, he was doing all those things i told him to do on his own because he got sick of getting ganked all the time.
1	I don't care what is said but currently the whole team is in a FUCKED state.   Chasing the Cup ep. 2 just highlighted everything that is wrong with the team and when they are left to fend for themselves with players of different personalities, nationalities (languages) and commitments to the team.   there is no 1 hive mind, there is no one voice from a COACH that they respect and listen to.  they are continually unprepared and infight and act like immature kids.   [Chasing the Cup ep. 2](     2.30 - Aphro: asks if anyone has a problem with anyone.  Well that couldn't be any more unprofessional but ok he is trying to clear the air.....WHAT!?!?!?!?    2.33 - DL has issue with everyone because he is wasting time scrimming with team (because they don't even prepare w/ picks bans)... WHAT?!?!?!?!?!?!?   2.45 - DL: "you guys" (referring to Dexter/Link) used over and over again.  HE was 6-0 but team was losing their tier 2.  and feels they don't play enough yoloQ.... WHAT!?!?!?!?!?!   3.55 - L1nk:  "I think YOU are misplaying really really really hard and don't know what to do"... "Missing cocoons all the time" (toward Dexter)  this is childish and w/ hearthstone open just bad.  L2COMMUNICATE   4.25 - Dexter: "nope no problems duoing more"... (real sincere)   4.35 - L1nk: "it isn't fun cuz Dexter rages at me"   4.41 - Dexter: "well that is because I try hard and you throw all the time"... "so now i don't care and just play soloq, cuz win/lose ill be solo"..... what the F attitude is that, purposefully cutting yourself off from the team by only wanting to play solo, instead of trying to remedy problems   5.03 - DL: "well thats not good" ""YOU GUYS" need to fix this"".... again with the attitude of YOU GUYS.  No you are team captain, HELP THEM   5.35 - DL: " i shouldn't be telling everyone what to play".... probably right since your OP/UP judgement is severely off, but you are the "captain".... admits title captain means nothing   5.48 - L1nk: "If I was captain i would tell everyone what to do".... you can still provide input but you don't need to be so smug about it   5.53 - Aphro:  mockingly  "ok all in favor of L1nk being captain, raise your hands"........ I know there is frustration, but THAT IS NOT HELPING     Ok, first of all this shit is happening with no authority figure, kelby or anyone present and they are all just jerking off at their PC's, looking at twitter, hearthstone or other reddit type shit..................ALARM BELLS ARE GOING OFF.     End Scene     12.55 - Kelby:  mockingly  poking fun at dexter, before their LCS match... Sooooo that is how they get ready?  jesus     13.40 - Dexter: asks Seraph if he is nervous, which seems like a nice question to check in on your teammate... Dexter gets ZERO response from him except a joke from Kelby............ REAL   14.05 - Dexter: "If we get mundo just farm 30 minutes and we win"..... (P.S. they got mundo, and still lost) but why say "if we get" dont they have a pick/ban plan already going into the game.  so you could obviously GET him if you wanted as long as not banned.   End Scene     17.25 - Dexter: "Maybe Eve is op or something, I don't know". "I cant do anything at all"     17.55 - DL: (arguing with Dexter) "YOU GUYS"... again, distancing himself from the issue and making it about them.     18.50 - DL: "our game plan going into this game was "shit on their botlane""........ seems like that is every game plan, and a huge reason why things need to change.     18.50 - 19.25:  just watch this segment out of all segments.  the communication is so dreadful that it is the entire crux of every issue we the community see with the team and why there needs to be a 1 voice force... Dexter the jungler seemingly unsure what he was supposed to do based on previous discussion prior to game start that others feel was communicated, except that he asks the question to them during the review which was worded differently, imho because his english is not perfect and so the way he asked the question it made it seem like he wasn't sure HOW TO PLAY HIS POSITION... to which DL responds by sounding like an asshole by saying "its your role i shouldn't have to tell you where to start"     when this came out, i was a bit disappointed at the earlier scenes but understood by their age, lack of coach/authority and living situation and different  group of players languages etc...   but honestly the section of 18.50-19.25 was WAAAAAYYYYY WORSE FOR ME, as a fan of the team.  The inability to express in game issues and lack of concrete strategy and lack of communication of a strategy and misinterpretation of questions when trying to reivew and dickishness instead of helpfulness just made me feel sad inside and worry for their future.   I really hope that this team figures out their issues and works to get over them.  I love CLG and i want them to succeed i just hope this is stuff that people can help them fix because it looked really really really bad.
1	Simple answer: NO   Just because we all know  that Fiddle's 40 Year Fear  only lasts 3 seconds, doesn't mean we can't say it doesn't feel like its longer than that?   Kassadin's Silence feels stupidly strong because it hits me and I'm not an ADC, I can't do much while he bursts me from 100 -> 0. It doesn't matter if it lasts 2 seconds or 2 minutes, I'm dead. Who cares.   The rest of the things you are talking about must have been you playing with some flat out stupid LoL players, because I've personally never heard that kind of talk in any game. The "hyperbole" aren't ever things as dumb as what you are talking about...
0	so called minorities   In the USA, white people are the majority at 64% of the population. Followed by latinos at roughly 16% and black people at roughly 13% ([Source.]( It's not 'so-called', they are literally minorities.   African Americans as a demographic are at a significant disadvantage for a huge ream of historical reasons, the big one being slavery. Unlike white Americans or other immigrant groups, they have not been afforded the same opportunities for advancement over the same length of time.   While there are still lingering squibs of racism in the US (read The New Jim Crow by Michelle Alexander if you're interested) the main causes of African American socioeconomic issues are the facts that their influence in politics has been significantly curtailed in the 20th Century by repressive voting laws, that slavery and later segregation significantly hurt black communities' literacy and employability, and racism amongst that employers meant that it was (and to an extent, is today) harder for a black person to get gainful employment with disposable income.   As I've said before, poverty is self-perpetuating. I think that it's likely that in the next 50-100 years we'll see the demographic as a whole 'catch up' with other ethnic groups who did not suffer these setbacks during the last couple of centuries, although this is only speculation.   The idea is that if you think of the real starting point for advancement as being around the time of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (an arbitrary point, I know, and feel free to disagree) in terms of legally-protected opportunities for education and employment, the African American demographic has only had 50 years to improve its own situation without legal restriction.   Long story short, the African American community is very much the victim of massive and open institutional racism which has demonstrably damaged its socioeconomic position, and has only had a few short decades to recover. It is unsurprising that poverty and crime rates are high due to this massive historical disadvantage. It's not because they're black. It's because many African Americans are poor, and many of them are poor because their parents were poor, and their grandparents were poor. And that's because their great-great-grandparents were property, and there's been a lot of catching up to do.
1	Not receiving praise when it's justified is also another difficulty of the support role. Frankly, if somebody can't deal with the lack of appreciation for playing support, they shouldn't play that role at all.   If players really want to correct the lack of praise issue among supports, they should also work to correct issues faced by other roles, such as junglers being blamed for not helping a lane when ALL lanes are losing, or people yelling at ADCs for focusing the enemy tank when the ADC lacks team peel. I just don't think praising supports should be a prioritized improvement in solo-queue when so many other issues exist.   Personally, I've mostly formed good bonds between my ADC and I. Anytime I receive praise from my ADC or anyone else, I know I've earned it. Even if they do not praise me for accomplishing a play, I feel sufficiently satisfied knowing that the play increased my chance of winning. I do not need the approval of 4 strangers to bust my ass supporting.
1	It looks like you are talking about mid lane. Aim for 70 cs for now. You can probably get 70 just by getting wraiths every now and then. Think about running tele. You can back more often without punishment. You can roam etc. It allows for more pressure. Depending on your lane opponent you can choose if the cs is worth the harrass. Also, directly after said harras, that ability is on CD take your cs and harras back. That's the most important part. Don't let them get free DMG. They may hit for more but if you at least get n auto attack back that's 40 DMG that wasn't there. Now, think of an auto as a CD. At .5 attk SPD that's a 2 sec CD. At 1 that's a 1 sec CD right? When they cs the auto is CD and you can harras them. Cs'ing takes precedent over harassing(unless you at least quarter their HP) if you are above 75% mana, then use abilities to cs. If you have full definitely use abilities.  You sometimes see players like Tiensi(he's high diamond) use shunpo even to cs. Its b/c he has wards/flash. Obviously if the enemy laner has kill potential don't use your escape for cs. But if you feel confident do so. If you see the jg top, do so. Honestly, when I was playing Zed I used my W for harras. It was my escape but sometimes jg doesn't even look at he lane b/c they assume, oh they have an escape. Jg tip: you can gank anyone, even Fizz if they use their escape and you are within 5 seconds. I'm actually a super safe mid laner. I basically never use my escapes until a jungler ganks or they all-in me. May also be due to my mains are lux etc. Last hitting under turret: Rule of Thumb: Melee creeps take two shots and an auto Ranged take one and two autos   If you have a friend willing to help. Take the Caitlyn challenge.   Mid lane. Enemy plays Cait. 3 traps across the lane. If you die, if you step in a trap, you lose. Go for best cs!  Caits job is to harras you to death.
1	Good idea, but I wouldn't bank on that. You're expecting too much from the community. More people would be complaining that they don't want the extra feature/too lazy. Why else would we need
0	I tend to find that it is not generally the thing itself being admonished, but instead the language used to talk about it.   Terms like, veteran, hero, soldiering, they all have odd embedded semantics.   'Veteran' used to mean someone who has a wealth of experience in a particular field, but for the military, all you require is one day service. I'm 26, and apparently I'm a veteran.   The word 'hero' is thrown about too; It's so watered down it that it's almost useless. It's almost the default adjective for military personnel.   'Fighting', clearly a destruction action, when used in a military context is somewhat a positive, Fighting for freedom, fighting for rights.   Euphemisms are the norm in military discussion. 'Serving your country', you don't say this about postmen, or bakers, so why military... because "unfortunate but necessary killing" ain't a pretty alternative.   In a sense what I'm trying to say is there has been somewhat of a military circle-jerk for quite a while, that the language used to discuss it all has an implied glamour to it.   Now I'm not saying this is a bad thing, I liked the idea of supporting the troops. But to be honest, soldiering is not glamorous, it's rarely heroic, and to be honest its gritty, disgusting and really boring. We are, after all - just like bin men - doing the dirty work of society.
0	Pretty sure she's being 100% serious and is giving you obvious signals. Go for her man, ask her out on a date. Do it now, otherwise she'll find another guy in her life to be her Valentine. After all, she's got a good month to go.   Even if there is there's slimmest chance she was joking, you can still respond back seriously and you might still get a date with her. Worst case scenario, you built up your confidence, and you guys can laugh about it on good terms.
1	It's not the trolling or shit talking that gets me... See I time every buff and objective in game...so when people talk it gets lost. So now instead of muting/ignoring the other team I only have to mute chatty faggots on my team...non directive unhelpful banter can be reserved for post game chat IMO
1	Like I said. I come from SC2 where the games are considerably shorter, but yes, maybe it should be reduced to 1-2 games.   Besides the OP said he was around the 2k elo braket, by this I am judging that he has a lot of spare time to play the game.   And yes, I am still in "school." I am studying computer science degree at university. Despite this, I still manage to get in ~5 hours of gaming daily (most of which is in LoL) without it affecting my studies, my social life, or my sleeping pattern.
1	As most mods I do not reply to comments on removal messages. This is why we leave the footer stating very clearly how to go about asking a question. It's not just because it looks pretty.   To your query. You are linking to another completely independent subreddit for a meta post in this subreddit which would have belonged in modmail in the first place. Meta posts are for general guidelines, rules and discussions. Individual actions should be brought to modmail. If it's justified it can be explained. If it's unjustified it will be brought to our attention faster.   So
0	We seem to just have different philosophies on borrowing, and that's okay. The main thing I took issue with was that your original comment seemed disrespectful and dismissive. I think it's fair to say that, in most cases, when you borrow something you have a clear purpose for borrowing it (say, for example, you want to watch a season of a TV show and I lend you the DVDs), and both you and the person you borrow it from should have at least a general idea of the time frame of that purpose. I know people watch shows at vastly different rates, but I think it helps to illustrate my point. Say the season has 15 half-hour episodes; a casual watcher might watch an episode a day, taking just over two weeks to finish the season. If, after 3 or 4 weeks--past what I'd consider a reasonable average time, but not long enough that it's too much of a problem--I haven't gotten my DVDs back or you haven't said anything about them, I'd probably ask if you'd finished with the season. If you're done and you give them back, that's fine; I can understand if it took a little longer than I expected, you were probably busy with other things. But if I find out that you binge-watched the season in 4 days and were keeping them just because "you didn't know when I wanted them back", I'd be pretty pissed. Likewise if you hadn't even started watching; why borrow something if you're not going to use it?
1	What in the
1	It's a good idea, however this is never going to happen.   The problem with this idea is that it automates a certain process related to the game, namely the lane calling. By automating it, you gain an unfair advantage. Even if I were to introduce a delay, it would still not be allowed by Riot. Besides, I honestly think it's unethical to let people call a lane instantly using an app.
0	I was always  decent  with chopsticks, but When I was traveling in Japan, I took the train everywhere; and the stores in the train stations would sell little bento boxes (packaged meals, think lunchables but fancy, and REALLY FUCKING GOOD), with...chopsticks. Now I like to think I'm pretty damn good with the utensil.
0	The problem is context. All men are created equal, but that has not been the case for the past several hundred years. To pretend that we are all equal now is wishful thinking. As a country, we are only as strong as the weakest links, and the best way to fix that is by reinforcing those links. A good
1	Started right at 30, my first couple of games I played horribly due to not feeling comfortable in the role I got and fed alot of the time, but after 3 games of feeding I got in my groove, played the roles/champs I was comfortable with, and ended up getting into silver 5. If I had waited, I probably would have been placed higher, and would be mid/low gold instead of silver 2 at the moment.
1	You are right. Now, when Leauge has over 30 million active players, there's no excuse not to release a new client. What I meant, that when Riot started working on LoL, they chose Adobe Air client, because it could save time and resources required to develop their own. It was fine for a small project. In contrary to Valve, a big company that had people, resources and advanced game concept from the beginning.
1	I'm sure no one cares but I started playing during the end of the summer split and with classes and such I JUST got ranked last night. (Silver 3 yay!!) but anyway! I had people trolling all the time. Everyone picks their position and is really civil about it. The last pick comes up and says I'm going adc. And while we tried telling him it was taken, he says "oh well idc" so the adc decides to switch to support. The guy picks Leblanc adc. Gets DESTROYED in lane. Refuses to farm and just sits in lane. His support gets mad because, bless his heart, he's trying so hard. Because he's one win away from Possibly being placed in silver. I'm in the mid land and kept trying to gank but I was playing a solid lane opponent so couldn't  sacrifice the farm too much. Leblanc ends up leaving, which causes our Zac to rage. He keeps trying to surrender and my 2 remaining teammates and I say no! I'm under the impression that surrendering loses you more points? Anyway. Then the next 3/4 games in my provisional games, our support leaves, our carry has a bad connection, and our top rage quits after getting ganked 2 and refusing to ward. So I played 3. 4 v 5s. How we won 2 of them is beyond me.
1	DST   dont be the guy who says "i cant carry" be the guy who is nice to his team, is calm when his team makes a mistake, and the guy who doesnt expect to carry, but just tries to aid his team in playing as a TEAM... you see what im saying??
1	Platinum Top Lane Nasus (kinda) main.   I never had any problems with any of those 4 champions, but judiging from how much I get supposedly counterpicked with these guys there seems to be some misconception.   First off: Anything that does entirely physical damage is generally a bad pick against Nasus unless he has sick armor shred/pen tools. Don't do it. Also, anything that has AoE and damages the wave in trades and pushes to Nasus' turret is also generally bad. If you combine both you get Riven and Renekton. Very popular picks that only work with a jungler ready to pick up your work and dive Nasus, which is the important part about shutting down Nasus.   Riven and Pantheon have no sustain and their entire damage is physical. Panth doesn't even have a combat ult. They will start losing  at level 6 to all-ins (panth) or 7-9ish (riven) due to sustain issues.   Shyvana is a decent pick, she can punish and dive him quite effecitvely with a jungler and she has mixed damage.   The best champs to punish Nasus are Kayle, Teemo, Irelia, Urgot and Vladimir. Ryze also works, so does Shen with MPen marks, glyphs and quints. Some of those picks are manageable by maxing E but they don't fall off too hard and do a good job of keeping him down for a while.   They have mixed/true damage and can do a lot of damage without pushing too hard plus they are hard to kill even with wither. Most of them are easily camped though so keep warding up, Wither plus Jungle CC is very hard to escape.   so,
1	You're in normals and blind.. That's just how it works.. It sucks but it just does. Usually if you're the first to call something you can get it. But tbh, you can play whatever you want.. The meta doesn't have to be followed and if you dont want a jungler or want to send two mid and no one really cares, it doesnt matter.
0	No, my good Redditor.   I was merely contrasting your commentary on the sanity of the Reddit population against some dank memes. Hopefully coming across as a humorous comment that serves to underscore the irony of the situation; While yes I would agree that the base quality of the redditor as a whole is above that of tumblr, it is futile to search the internet for a safe haven from trolls, biggots, or other ruffians.   Cheerio!   ^^^^
1	Na. People say that Zed and Talon do the same thing, but as far as assassins go they're entirely different.   Zed split pushes like a monster, but his teamfight is like.. W in, blow everything for the ADC and TP back to your shadow. But you get hurt going through AOE to get to the ADC, so, for the rest of the time is you doing W-Q-E combos and TP-ing to that shadow for auto attacks+E at to take out low hp targets.  You also use the slow from E to peel for your ADC.   Talon, on the other hand, uses Ghost Blade E into anyone, pop your ult,  W while stealthed, Q someone squishy, pop Ult again, and blow up people. At this point, the enemy is usually low and/or dead.  But Talon sucks at split pushing.   So Zed>Talon in terms of single assassination  and  split pushing, while Talon>Zed in terms of doing AOE damage :)
0	Well I know that I'm definitely guilty of bringing it up with the guys I've dated... but filbert_bright is dead on: don't ask the question unless you want to know the answer. There are things that I've done in past relationships that I might not want to do with you, but that might be simply because I didn't really want to do them in those relationships, either, and now I'm confident enough to say so. It has nothing to do with being "used up" or not attracted to the partner in question, and a lot more to do with where an individual is on their journey, vs. where they used to be.
0	Average is 5. Above average is 7. A little below above average is 6.
1	Not so fast! Lulu is most likely significantly younger than what you think she is.   What I gathered from  her lore  for that long.   It is entirely possible (and in my mind, likely) that she was only there for, say, a year or two (GTRF) before realizing that she had been living here instead of in Bandle City, as it was her former home that she probably felt she belonged to. So in the GTRF, Lulu may have only aged one or two years before returning home to the BCTRF. What has actually aged several hundred years is Bandle City though, not Lulu. Lulu's body may have  existed  for several hundred years in the BCTRF, but because of the time spent in the GTRF, Lulu would not actually have experienced all of those years, and would be significantly younger.   Because that was probably the worst explanation you have ever read in your entire life, let me put this another way. Suppose Lulu has been living in Bandle City for 20 years. Then she goes to the Glade for one year and comes back. Her body would be 21 years old, and in her mind she would be 21 years old. But in the BCTRF, because hundreds of years have passed, she would be at least 320.   It's like putting a "time traveler" in perfect stasis outside of time and waking them up hundreds of years later. They may have  existed  for several hundred years, but they have not  aged  several hundred years. If you accept that logic, then Lulu would have also not aged by being in the GTRF.   Only real issue here is what her age is before she went into the Glade, which is not stated anywhere in lore that I have seen. However, judging by her voice compared to a more "adult" yordle, Poppy, it is not unreasonable to suggest that Lulu is in her early/mid youth.
1	that is because like 30 people play them(lets be realistic) and this means winrates ARE VERY CHANGEABLE for those champ, old sej proir to he rework once had the highest winrates as well, did that make he viable or popular, no, she had 0 use compared to naut or maokai or j4 at the time, its about how useful a champ can be vs other top teir champs NOT THEIR WIN RATES only sometimes win rates mean good but shen was literally a top proirity pick in solo queue and competitive for 2 years and he had ~52% when he first got popular and then fell HELL HE FREAKING HAD A 44% winrate and was still pick banned in most games in competitive and was still freaking popular in solo queue
1	I've tried the yorick zilean combo, its not anything special. If you don't cast the ghouls on the enemy champion and allow them to walk to the enemy than they obviously do not do much dmg by themselves, and its the equivalent of zilean just bombing the champion directly. If you cast the ghoul on the champion for the ghoul damage, then your zilean already has to be in range of casting the bomb on the champ which makes the whole thing counter-productive.
0	whoa. I actually had that on my list but i was reorganizing and I think I accidentally deleted it. I had to do a double take, thinking it had still been in my post!   So yeah, +1 to that. The second one is the best one. And don't
0	It's hard as fuck for me to make a point about such a delicate subject when i can't even express myself perfectly in a foreign languague. So I won't do it. But come one, you can't deal with this subject in terms of F money, or law or shit. This is about philosophy and conscience. You should never say, a human being's (or future human being) life is worth just if someone is going to take care of his/her life's cost, and they will only have a good childhood/be happy/even been born if they (or someone on his place while he/she grows) can afford it.  Nobody sees how this whole thing is insane? I am sick of the civilization, cause it actually has a real parasite, that makes it evil; and this parasite extends to every single human being as his/her inner evil reinforcement, and it's called money.
0	Ok, so this one time I got caught staring at this girl's ass, and it was so bad, I knew a simple head turn wasn't enough. She had an ass for the ages, and she was wearing those tight pants with the word juicy written on the butt.   The girl gave me the standard "can I help you?" I responded with "I couldn't help but notice your pants are juicy, I can get you some paper towels if you need to dry off."   She laughed, we hit it off, and I got her number. So yeah, I'm almost 100% sure I could have said anything, and she was gonna laugh. It was one of the worst lines I've ever come up with that worked.
1	Funnily enough, I met the man who would become my husband by being his support bot lane. We still play League together all the time, and I'm more or less permanently his support by this point.
1	Absolutely try to make the best of it, especially if it happens early. I had one game where our jungler went afk from the start but our team pulled together and focused on winning our lanes. The most important things for us were warding for jungle ganks as well as warding our red and blue buffs constantly. We caught their jungler (Rammus) a couple of times in our jungle trying to steal the buffs. In the end we came out on top and it is probably one of the best feelings I've had playing this game.
0	Yes.  Great.  Other jobs, as ways to get out of the shit job of being a cashier for people like you, are getting outsourced.  Awesome, and I'm supposed to feel good about this?   As for manning up.  Here, how about I assault your ears with same fucking jokes every day for a year, and then tell me how easy it is to smile and laugh after hearing them yet again.  As for what my job is, I'm only a supplementary cashier, I'm only ringing people up less than half the time, unless it's really busy.  And I'm still sick of the jokes.  Doesn't mean I can't crack a smile, chuckle, and joke right back.  But when I get people telling others that it's basically my job to be your doormat, you're immediately a shit excuse for a human.  From how you're pointing things out, you're probably the person that goes out of their way to make things hard on cashiers, then feels justified for doing so for some odd reason.   As for if it matters... Yes.  Yes it does matter.  If it wasn't for people being there to stock the shelves, to ring you out, to clean up your trail of shit after you leave, how the fuck would you get anything?  And what of those who are doing the job for a little bit to try and have some form of income while going to school?  What of those still in high school that the only place that will take them is the fast food industry or being a cashier at some place?
0	I bought tires there three or so years ago.   This winter I got a flat and took it in to get it patched up.   Turns out the tire was ruined.   It was under warrantee, but they didn't carry the same model anymore.    And you can't throw new, different-model tires in  with the other 3 tires on an all wheel drive vehicle.   So, they replaced all 4 tires with different, better tires for the $35 difference in price in the one old tire that needed to be replaced and the new tire.   4 new tires for $35.   And they didn't have my size on hand, so they rush ordered them for the next day at no additional charge.
0	The difference is that I think Reddit's sexism comes from ignorance, not actually thinking women are inferior. The vocal majority of Reddit just doesn't understand the way that women operate and so they come across as being "crazy". I will admit that I feel this way some times too. Women are just on a different wave length than men, thus women think men are immature or pigs, while men think women are crazy. It's really just a difference in culture.   Yeah I will admit that I think women are crazy sometimes ("I think" being necessary here, because who am I to say if I am right or not), but the key factor is not to voice that in a specific situation. These guys on Reddit who think women are crazy, say "she wouldn't date me so she's a slut" or whine about being friendzoned need to step back and shut up about their thoughts on women. Even if "all women are crazy" you need to shut up about it, because no woman is going to be endeared to you when you say "Man, women are crazy"
0	In NJ, on a multi lane road, you MUST keep right of the leftmost lane except to pass or to move to the left if there is an emergency vehicle on the right shoulder with its emergency lights on.  You can be issued a ticket for failing to observe this law.
1	But then he wouldn't really be nasus anymore. Imo the thing that makes nasus nasus is the feeling of being weak early, but if he gets to farm for a while he will hit like a truck regardless of how everyone else is doing. Streamlining him would make him just another bruiser with an aoe ability, a cc ability, an aa modifier and a tanky ulti.   Imagine if they tried to make vayne or kogmaw or shaco balanced between early game and lategame, it would remove half the fun of those champions.
1	Michigan-Located Summoner here,   I have always found the ping levels to be rather stable at ~100, with 80 once in a blue moon.   Much as I would love getting Riot's attention on this, it would mean diverting a lot of resources, and I know that Riot has some catching up in the coding before they should actually expand anymore.   Thing will improve, but we/Riot, need to remember that the strongest foundation leads to the strongest building, and that we will stand by and help in any way we are able in order to assist in this.
1	I disagree with you. Complicated abilities are not going to be OP because they are complicated. They are going to be OP because the numbers weren't wrong. And then you bring up Ryze and Annie not being able to do anything against Yasuo and Azir. To be honest, I fucking hate ryze and annie. They have no counterplay. You can't say "ok im gonna dodge x or im gonna all in now and I am going to win." Remember when ryze was FotM? Yeah, Ryze was broken as fuck. Ryze is a cancerous champion with no counterplay whatsoever. Annie is slightly better, because she at least takes some skill, but she is definitely up there. I would much rather play against Azir or yasuo. Yasuo, you can outplay. Dodge his tornado, move unpredictably and make it so he windwalls in a spot where u can still hit him, etc. You can just azir's w-q combo, and if azir doesn't have any soldiers on you, then you can easily kill him. And besides, who the fk wants 9 modified versions of annie and ryze in their games? At least complex champions have a definition to them, something that makes them unique.   EDIT: I saw you said that there is literally nothing ryze can do because he can get "outplayed" against people. How do you get outplayed on ryze? There is nothing that the enemy can dodge. Ryze has 4 point and click abilities. If anything, you are exactly the opposite. There is nothing that you can do against Ryze and Annie to outplay them, but there are tons of things you can do to outplay azir and yasuo.
0	I doubt this will get read by anybody since I'm a bit late to the party, but I went through the exact same thing for almost 6 months. We were really good friends, but she had a boyfriend, so I basically got friendzoned extremely hard. She was incredibly fun to talk to and I would drop absolutely anything I had planned just to see her. In June she broke up with her boyfriend, and in September I asked her out. She said yes and was extremely glad I asked, and now the past 3 months have been the greatest of my entire life and even though it hasn't been long, we can both confidently say we want to spend the rest of our lives with eachother.
1	Jax  isn't broken , pal. You're making it sound like there's no counter play to Jax at all.   "Hyper scaling"  - Play Nasus. If his scaling is what you hate, pick a champion that scales equally as well, maybe even better depending on your ability to farm.   "Only two offensive items"  - Yeah, Yasuo flair. Tell me more, tell me more, like did he have a car.   "Early game weakness?"  - Hell yes. Jax's power is from his ultimate passive. Pick Renekton and use E (Slice and Dice) to dodge the stun then use the second active to go back in.   "Can't 1v1 him"  - A LOT of champions can duel with Jax. As long as you dodge his E  and don't waste AA's on him when it's active, then there's no problem.
1	This. His AP scalings are pretty good, you can even rush DFG. Second item (or first in certain matchups) should be Zhonya's Hourglas, which results in a Diana-like assassin playstyle. DFG-> R-AA-W-AA-EQ - Zhonyas - R out. Also you do not need a mana item, passive w gives enough for farming and trading (esp. post 6, as you can hit your W on the enemy champion) . You can use multiple R's in extended teamfights up to like 600 mana (4 times) without going out of mana when AA 1 or 2 times. Final build is something like Zhonya's + DFG + Void Staff + Lich Bane + Rabadon's + Sorc Boots.
1	Whatever you do... Do not listen to your boyfriend, do NOT become meaner. Do not become the reason why I fear the soloqueue button... I can relate though, this game is affecting my personality too.. I get these "tantrums" if you will, where I just rage at everything that happens. I try to keep it off the chat though, and only flame at my monitor, which really helps actually, you get it out of your system, but you don't hurt anyone/make anyone else just as pissed.
1	It's definitely different from Halo and the other FPS' that have had coaches on the MLG circuit.   Halo is very push oriented, and there are very few times you don't have a general idea as to where the enemy team is. Control of the high ground is important and usually the power weapons are up there, so you have an idea as to where everyone wants to be. LoL is different in this because there are many times where you have no idea where the enemy team is. They're just as likely to be camping in your jungle as at Baron when you have no vision. Therefore, an extra pair of eyes goes a much longer way. The ebb and flow of getting power weapons and top control is obvious, and the coach's only real role is to time power weapons and try, keep everyone calm, and tell them about the timings of the objective on an objective game type. They may also see someone the players don't, but with the importance of teamshooting, catching that player doesn't have much consequence when the player is either with someone, or the person they see is with someone.   Also, catching someone out of position in LoL is much more important than in an FPS. Games can be won or lost solely on catching one person out of position (recent example is Xenic Storms top lane in game 1 vs Azubu Blaze on Wednesday morning). This is much less prevalent in an FPS.   Also, lots of tournaments still don't have soundproof booths for League, and a coach has free reign to listen to the callouts of the enemy team. Halo didn't have booths either, but unless a strategic and slow strike was happening from bottom to top in a close game, the coach couldn't hear anything through all of the yelling and focus needed normally. Even then, at those times players will speak more quietly.
1	This has been so much worse since the reset. Ive never seen people in blind pick normals rage so hard because someone lost there lane. GG REPORT KAT SHIT PLAYER.   Losing a game or match is NOT a reportable offense. Offer constructive criticism if you want or if you dont know how to play the champion and cant be nice keep quiet and move on to the next game. We all get mad at people for doing stupid things myself included. But we have all been the stupid one before just chill out!
1	My question is related to the Trundle rework. I understand the thought behind redoing his lore and look to be more a part of the world. I don't like it, but it's a good thought and I won't be complaining about it here. I will focus purely mechanically.   Overall, Trundle can go Top fairly well now, something he couldn't before. But he lost his amazing jungle status. The lowered damage on early ranks of Q wreck his clear time, the increased healing on W doesn't balance out for the extra hits from mobs you'll be taking (Because of the decreased clear times), and the reduced duration on the E is just a weird random nerf.   The worst change, I feel, was the removal of his CC reduction. That was the big element of what made Trundle's ganks actually good. It defined Trundle. It allowed him to take an entire enemy team to the face and tough it out, very fitting for his character. I mean, after you nerfed Singed's ult in the same way, it's starting to seem like you're just hating on CC reduction.   For good reason, I suppose. If you're not an experienced player, it can be difficult to counter a tank with that much tenacity. But either way, it hurts his ganks and late game performance so much that it's not worth the extra healing and attack speed, in my personal opinion.   I would like to focus just on this factor here. Why have you made Trundle such a worse jungler in exchange for top lane game? I don't think it's versatility. I'd even say the jungling with him effectively now is nigh-impossible.  I'm just a concerned Trundle main, and I'd like to know why you changed things so drastically.
0	I NEVER UNDERSTOOD THIS. I've seen girls with SENTENCES on their ass, and sometimes across their chest. I tend to read literally everything, and even though I've never gotten yelled at, I've gotten dirty looks.
0	I'm currently in a situation where I had a best friend / fuck buddy relationship for two years. It wasn't like we only had sex. We spent all the time together, including also every single night. After almost two years I grew the balls to finally say either we are dating or this has to end. Well long story short it has ended.  I'm miserable and feel depressed.  She won't talk to me anymore and I feel lost. Just saying yes that's the right thing to do but it sucks tremendously I it goes wrong.
0	I'm in a similar situation. Although we weren't dating yet for the past couple of months I've been hanging out with this chick from work (mistake #1). Things seemed to be going pretty good. She would tell me how she appreciates everything I do and how special I make her feel. And when we would go hang out with a group of people she told me the only reason she would go is because of me.   The last time we hung out she tells me how she's not seeing or talking to anybody else. And after we left our friends she called me and we talked on the phone from midnight to 2:30 in the morning. We joked about getting a hotel room the following weekend, but by the end of the phone call she said she couldn't wait so we got one the next day.   Then every time I tried to make plans with her something came up. Come to find out she's been going  dates with another guy from work. I asked her about it and she flips out saying no she hasn't been going on dates with anyone and if she has its none of my business what she does in her free time because we're only friends.  So now when I see her at work I joke around asking if she's talking to me yet and she says she's still to pissed yo talk to me.
1	Hey guys,   We’ve been talking to players about how they feel about pricing for a while now – we’ve talked with you on the forums, ran surveys, met with some of you in person, and listened to your feedback.   As a result of those conversations, we’re making some changes to champion pricing aimed at generally lowering champion prices and making it easier for you to add to your champion collection. This plan will involve immediate and ongoing reductions of IP and RP prices of older champions, as well as increasing the time you have to earn IP between champion releases.   We will also be slightly increasing the first-week IP price of new champions to partially offset lower overall prices.   Here’s the plan, which is being implemented immediately:   New Champion Release Schedule   You may have already noticed the rate at which we’ve been releasing champions has slowed. Moving forward, we’re targeting 14-17 new champions in 2013 -- around one every 3-4 weeks. This gives you more time to accumulate IP between champion releases, and it enables our design team to spend more time developing and polishing each new champion.   RP and IP Price Tiers   We’ve also updated the RP cost of champions so that that they’re more strongly correlated with the IP price. RP costs now match IP cost accordingly: 450 IP    260 RP 1350 IP    585 RP 3150 IP    790 RP 4800 IP    880 RP 6300 IP    975 RP 7800 IP (first week)    975 RP   Immediate Price Reductions   The seven oldest 6300 IP champions (Ezreal, Vladimir, Renekton, Nocturne, Lee Sin, Brand and Vayne) have all been reduced to 4800 IP/880 RP. As with all permanent price reductions, we’ll automatically refund the difference for anyone who’s purchased one of these champions up to two weeks prior to today.   Price Reduction Schedule   Every time a new champion is released, the oldest 6300 IP/975 RP champion will be reduced to 4800 IP/880 RP.   Also, with every third champion release, an additional champion currently priced at 4800 IP or lower will be reduced to the next lowest tier, based on age and ease of play.   New Champion First-Week IP Price   All brand-new champions will cost 7800 IP/975 RP for the first week only, and will be reduced to 6300 IP thereafter.
1	coming from memory so facts may not be 100% correct.   John Edwards John Kerry, and Howard Dean were the front runners of the race, John Edwards was Mr. Uptown America, John Kerry was Mr. Boring but faithful (think the democratic Romney) and Howard Dean was the electric red blooded liberal.   Iowa Caucus has historically been the first primary test for both parties  and a test of whether the Democrats can appeal to blue collar workers and say something nice about corn and corn subsidies. This is howard Dean's bread and butter group which made him a strong candidate because of his established party record, his rolled up sleeves and the fact that he looked like he preferred pubs and chow whereas his counterparts looked like they drank High Shelf and choked on Crest White strips.   He was polling well in Iowa up to the Gaffe, probably would've won super Tuesday (the day which most states do primary races in February) which would've given him the only thing he really would need going into the south which was money and buzz (it's pretty expensive to campaign in Texas).   Now Dean was a nice fellow, seen as a Rockefeller Republican (Old school republicans basically are today democrats). I liked him, hell the party loved him but they needed to make sure he was electable. And the way he could show that was by stomping Kerry and pushing Edward to 3rd string.   >  But as he spoke and shucked his corn,  >  >  his belly rustled and states were sworn,  >  >  from east to west and big to small,  >  >  Dean was ready to win them all  >  >  >  His pointed finger to camera, met  >  >  was pointing to his political death  >  >  and when he had nothing left to call,   >  >  he threw his fist in a great BYAAAAH
1	Keep no streamers. If they want to advertise their stream they can do it with youtube videos and highlights that they are still allowed to post. For instance even though I don't enjoy Piece_of_Sheet's stream he obviously shows some high quality fiddle play in his highlights and if I'm aware it exists. Just allowing people to throw up a link to twitch.tv is lazy and the streams that are popular (and everybody already knows about) will be upvoted while the smaller streamers (the ones who need more viewers) will just be downvoted/ignored.
0	The devil doesn't punish evil.  The devil started out as a proud angel who sought to be greater than God.  In return he was banished from the presence of God, and now he roams the Earth.  He is in complete denial that God is in control.  The devil does tempt humans to sin, deny God, etc. because "misery loves company."  He's mission is to keep humans eternally separated from God.  But, as prophesied, in the end of times, Archangel Micheal will cast the devil into the pit of fire and any humans who did not put their faith in Jesus Christ will spend eternity there as well, separated from God.  So, to answer the raptor, the devil doesn't punish evil, he want us to be evil to keep us from God, but doesn't have the capacity to know that by us becoming evil, we, in the end, will be punished.  He's ignorant to that.
1	I'm an engineer for a living, and while I don't help look after infrastructure as large as Riot's I don't deal with small potatoes either. What you guys have to understand is that, just like the last time this happened, the details and investigation regarding downtime of this nature takes time. You have to gather detailed packet analysis, identify where the instability or traffic issue is both originating from and where in the chain it is exacerbated or halted, then come up with a plan to not only deal with the problem but also introduce countermeasures to minimize its impact in the future. This is what happened last time - don't you guys remember the detailed answer we got once the engineering team had completed their work? That's what we'll get here.   I say minimize and not prevent because if this is not a stability problem but another instance of attempted attack on the servers, it's an arms race. Network and infrastructure instability due to malicious outside attack is not to be taken lightly and anything beyond "we're looking into it" takes some time to talk about - and releasing detail about potential countermeasures makes it easier for groups to sidestep and re-double attacks. You can bet that when they do say something, Riot will have already been in progress or have done what they have said they're doing to bring server stability back up to par.
0	Really? You're gonna tell me to "man up?" ok I'll just get a man and prop him up on my shoulders or maybe I'll just grow a man on my head.   What the hell is wrong with you? Do you walk around on eggshells just to please everyone?   And yes. She WAS asking for it. You think if she didn't want to be stared at she wouldn't have worn something else?   YOUR entire train of thought validates the asshat notion that these women are just weak little does who can do no wrong.   I mean give the girl some credit. She DOES have a brain you know. She chose those clothes. This is all on her.
1	A great analysis! I would just like to posit a couple facts about the value of buff control. Blue buff at early levels in mid lane alone instigates a variety of positive phenomena which create a snowball effect. Namely, the ability to push lane and swing top or bottom for an early gank, negate the opposing mids farm with superior harassing power, and, if your mid has an escape or hard cc, make enemy ganks utterly unsuccessful. While red on the otherhand is essential for junglers early because of the effetiveness it adds to ganks. This is especially prevalent in new jungle.
1	For the stretch goals, it's not like Valve expected the community to utterly demolish their expectations on how quickly the tournament prize pool would rise.  [   The second batch of stretch goals had nice bonuses, but overall it really was just adjusting their prioritization. I don't think anyone was actually excited for the goals past #14. And no one was forced to buy more compendium points. Though still you can see that the slope for the pool had steady growth. The compendium isn't about funding Dota 2. It's about funding the tournament prize pool and supporting the community. The second set of stretch goals were just there for contingency. We already got what we wanted, everything else is just icing on the cake.
1	Uh... no. You have played really bad Ahris in that case. That Q should be destroying you all day, every day. I've played this lane a number of times (in ranked as well) and it wasn't ever close. I will Q and W you down until you are forced to b, over and over - if you stay, you die, if you leave, I double your cs. Kennen can't land a Q on Ahri since she can stand with minions (where she can still hit you with her q and w which go through them...). He can't go toe to toe with her - and Ahri never runs out of mana in my experience, and once she gets her ult, she can burst you from 100->0 (her combo does just enough damage to kill a full health Kennen if both are at level 6 and she uses ignite - and that's assuming she only hits you with q,w, and e once each, while in reality she will poke you with q/w a few times).
0	Okay since youre looking to argue.   You have no concept of genre, technology, industry, or generational influence and difference. Comparing Mozart to Nicki Minaj is like saying "what ever happened to the good old days when actors didn't learn lines for months or have multiple takes to get the scene just right, as well as special effects to paint a picture? I miss when Lord Chamberlains Men would use dung made squibs to make the sulfuric smell of gunpowder and shit, and they only had a couple days to learn their lines as well as a privy to call them when they forgot during a performance! And fuck all those fancy special effects! End a play with a god character dangling from a crane and call it a day!"   You lack the understanding that music adjusts with available technologies, and that industry will promote to reflect it. My original post was stating that complaining about only Nicki Minaj when there has been centuries of shit since Mozart wrote anything, you should probably complain about the music industry, as well as commercialization and widespread effect of music.   Furthermore, you can still hear.Mozart. anywhere. And many other classical greats. That genre hasn't subsided, so speaking as though it disappeared and died because of Nicki Minaj is ridiculous and disrespectful to the old greats and current composers writing similar music because you obviously don't actually give a shit about it. You're just a contrarian who wanted in on a circle jerk and don't know how to back it.
0	Do you think I'll answer your condescending question or not?   Haha, just kidding, I will.   Let's say your boss gets a call that one of his employees was in an altercation with a customer where the customer ended up in the hospital and his employee is in jail.  At this point that is all you really know for sure.  Do you fire said employee or do you put him/her on paid leave until you figure out what actually happened.  This is what the investigation is.  Until they figure out what happened and who is at fault and whether or not to arrest the officer, that officer is placed on paid leave usually unless probable cause warrants an immediate arrest.   So in the situation I described above, customer for some reason flips out and punches your employee, employee in self defense tackles the customer, hurting the customer.  Cops show up arrest the employee and take the customer to the hospital.
1	I agree that people should be allowed to play what they want, but at least be competent, if you want to dick around with crappy champions, go do customs or bots, in normals you should at least be adequate with the champion you want to play, or else you are just bringing down the experience of the other people on your team. Despite that, sometimes people are just being tools, I was just in a game where I was duoqueueing bot with someone, and some other guys were duoqueueing too, and they wanted to double jungle, wouldn't listen to me when I told them it was a bad idea (three solos, less xp, etc etc). And eventually they only switched when I told them I was staying in a duo (I had already locked in thresh) so unless they wanted to leave top open all game they would switch. Regardless, they blamed me for every little thing, and would not join in teamfights all game. So yeah.
1	I've already done this and it helped a little bit but I'm still experiencing slight fps issues that end up affecting my gameplay. The 5 second freeze in shop has been mentioned by many players and it is drastic. There are many things that have been reported that make it sound like the issue is on Riots end and not the player's.
0	First off, did your medicine work? If so, congratulations.   On another topic, I complete agree with you.  I was one whose mother convinced I would get over it and everyone has it (not to my level though).  I was in college with no health insurance and was completely reliant on her if I wanted to go to the doctor. After finally convincing her the doctor visits have me hope which got my spirits up than they had been in a year.  Having the option of all the various medicines gave me hope.  Sadly, on after another gave me unbearable side effects and didn't put even a miniature dent in my condition to the point the doctor apologized and said "sorry, there's nothing else we can try" and sent me on my way.  Out of options and ideas, I sadly started self medicating. Most definitely wasn't ideal but it made the mental issues bearable and I didn't over drug, just enough to make going to class's, exams, and other responsibilities until they completely went away a year and a half later and took myself off of them after that.   I hate that I self prescribed because it was illegal. But for me, I has that choice or possibly dropping out of college, work, my robotics club, ect or the worst which was a constant struggle, killing myself.   So I hope all is going well with you my friend.  I know it's hard, but attempt to find a root cause if possible (mine was not). Else, as hard it is to do, attempt to find someone or a group/organization to help out regular.  I was extremely depressed until I found people that required more help than me and helping them brought me joy.
0	You miss this sound the same way mothers miss an infant's cries, and that is to say that you think you miss them, but when you hear this noise at 2am at great volume, you will regret wanting to hear it again.
1	As a bit of an example, Sorc shoes cost a 750 upgrade to regular shoes (you're probably going to have the regular boots anyway, so we'll ignore their cost for sake of simplicity). There's also the factor that you will have to get the better boots eventually almost without exception, so their opportunity cost is fairly low, but we're going to ignore the fact that they make you walk faster, too, and just focus on the damage boost.   Annie has fairly high AP ratios, and using a Needlessly Large Rod (snicker) as our meterstick here (yardstick, whatever) we'll take a crack at her ratios. Assuming a level 6 annie with one point in shield, one point in disintegrate, one point in tibbers and 3 points in obnoxious flamethrower (sorry, I don't actually play Annie, can you tell? :p) that means that her rotation will deal 465 base magic damage. She apparently had a Doran's ring already so we'll include that AP (15) in the ratios for an additional 32.25 damage. It should be noted that it is unlikely an Annie will have a point in shield at this time, but higher base damage will help the penetration over the additional AP (since penetration is a scaling bonus, assuming there's resists to penetrate).This means her damage total before spending gold on boots OR AP items in their place is 497.25.   For the 750 gold cost of transforming regular boots into sorc boots Annie could get another 37.5 AP (based on AP cost per gold of a needlessly large rod) which would grant you an additional 80.625 damage for a grand total of 577.875 damage. By comparison the boots would grant you a 20% effective damage increase across the board (assuming that the opposing champion has not bought any magic resisting items or runes and you have ~10 magic penetration from runes of your own), for an effective total damage (assuming the boots are penetrating 20 magic resist here) of 597.   As a reminder, this is assuming by level 6 our hypothetical Annie takes a level in her shield. Which, let's face it, she won't. Her base burst will be even larger (probably by around 60 or 70 damage depending what she levelled), which means that the scaling increase from the boots will be even more helpful.
1	Played a game as swain with 3 friends and a pub. Pub as malphite and I laned with him at bottom. Our eve comes to gank at lvl 4ish, but from what I can remember it was a really tough lane to gank and even for a 3v2 there was a potential death for us (I think our hp was half gone or more). Eve backs off, but malphite must have only seen her coming and taken that as a cue to engage so he starts getting aggressive and gets killed within 4 seconds. By this time Eve's already left bot and past dragon heading mid.   This guy rages and calls Eve a baddy. He plays a little longer and we give a couple more deaths to the enemy team mostly through our feeder Twisted Fate. They push our mid tower down and we try to defend at the base tower, where Malphite inevitably ends up dying. The enemy recover and come back to try pushing again, and this time we successfully defend with just the 4 of us. A little later we realize that Malphite has decided to go AFK. At this point we are really frustrated because we can still manage to hold a push and maybe even turn the game around if Malphite played a little better. I decide that I basically need to take on the rule of being our tank, so I pick up a spirit visage and hour glass. They knock down our turret eventually and try getting our inhib. I ghost in and draw as much fire as I can. Luckily our Irelia was really frickin farmed and could wipe 2-3 of the enemy on her own. We kill 2 of them and start pushing back a little. The dead ones are about to respawn so we take Baron instead of committing to a push. We fall back and try to defend another one of their pushes, this time they kill a few of us and our inhib after catching our TF offguard. Another push later we score more kills while only losing TF.   We get baron again but are forced to go back and defend as they start respawning. This goes on for a while and we basically get 4 barons in a row while only losing 2-3 deaths. Finally we start having teamfights out of base and this is where TF shined because of his ult letting us catch any of them that were straying from their team.  During this whole game, Malphite comes back from AFK to taunt us every now and then .   After our last baron we recall, defend until 2 of our lost inhibs respawn and elixer up. I still havn't reached max items at this point because most of our farm from defending was captured by TF or Irelia. Anywho, we push with most of us fully geared and elixered and finally manage to win.
0	You can always say it was inappropriate and keep your girlfriend as a result. Also she will feel kinda guilty and try to make it up to you later on..
1	After lvl 20.... All champions are still viable, and really dont let anyone tell you otherwise.   The mind is a powerful tool, it will convince you that it is your champions fault that you over extend or that you died. It isn't until the 1500 elo mark where champion's begin to factor, and that could be a long way for a young account.
0	exactly. if i have nude pictures of people i would not show others, it is a douchebag move.   exception . if she is gobbling my cock and sends me these pictures then what the fuck is she thinking? my decision to publicize these pictures is only dependent on if i have respect for such a girl.   i feel like this is borderline socially awkward penguin territory. i am in my late twenties, and growing up my social programming/education never taught me how to deal with such a situation.   why are girls suddenly sending pictures to guys outside of relationships today to such a degree that this becomes a topic to discuss. throw the blame on the girl, cause the bitch chose to send me that shit.
1	DISCLAIMER: I am still a noob player so this probably doesn't apply to higher levels of playing   As a jungler, I can say that even though this sounds like a good idea, it's really not a good idea.   When they are in a bad position and you still go in, the laner thinks   "Time for me to Flash+Ignite+Ult! That'll get him!"   However, this ends up failing since the enemy can simply flash away and now we're looking at him/her camping turret and the laner we are helping now has only 3 abilities left to use, and this now makes it a win for the enemy laner. This also now also gives the other laners the ability to see that they can gank whatever that lane was and take the turret, and they will probably then start grouping while you+laner  are dead and your team is fighting a 3v5, which will not end well at all for your team.   And now the jungler has 2 options.     Run away, and hope the laner you just helped survives a 3v1, and just continue farming, OR     Sit there with the laner, fighting off in a 2v2, with the enemies having a MUCH better advantage because the person you just helped has used up their ult and summoner skills, but the enemy jungler is more than likely taking all the buffs and warding the jungle as well as running into the battle halfway and you both die.       Meanwhile all the other laners are busy running to help you, or too busy flaming and trying to take turret to think about you guys.
0	Funny story about quad.   I once hired a personal trainer because I'm a very tall and lanky guy and needed to build some muscle. About 4 months after I had hired this guy, who was pretty cool helped me out and I saw fairly regularly as he worked at my gym, he texted me.   "Hey bro, I need a quad for the weekend."   I don't smoke weed so my first thought was like a quad bike, like an ATV. I thought he was asking to borrow one.   "Like a fourwheeler? Sorry bro I don't have one."   Of course he meant drugs so I had to explain that I didn't smoke weed, (but apparently give off the vibe that I do.)
0	NEVER EVER LAUGH!!! Just say "Ok" this response can work in any conversation. I was in school once in 5th grade. I was dicking around and didn't pay attention to the announcements. I say that everybody had stopped what they were doing and they put their hand on the chest. I thought we were going to say the pledge. So I stood there like everyone else. Except no one talked we were all just standing there looking at the flag. In my confusion I said "Are they going to do it" Everyone just looked at me. And my teacher told to be quiet. I said "Why?" in my confusion. Then the person on the speaker said "Thank you for your moment of silence" My teacher was so fucking mad. She looked at me and in all her IRL full caps rage "NEXT TIME WE HAVE A MOMENT OF SILENCE, YOU KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT!" I was bewildered and just sat down. Everyone was still looking at me like I killed someone. About 5 minutes later after we continued. My friend walked up to me and said "There was a bus full of college students that fell off the highway and no one lived." I didn't hear him because I was still thinking of what I did. I looked at my friend and said "Oh haha! That's pretty funny!" He looked at me and returned to his seat. And that's the story of why I say "Ok" when I can't hear them and I don't give a shit about what they say.
0	As someone who works as a server, we really need the tips.... I work at Red Robin. The kitchen staff starts at 12 bucks an hour and the servers make 2.13+ tips. The difference being that the kitchen staff are scheduled to work 6-8 hour work days while the servers are scheduled for 4-6 hour workdays. Kitchen staff are stationary all day. Servers are CONSTANTLY walking for their whole shift. I leave work exhausted, usually sweating, and ready to just sleep in my car half of the time. I work my ass off for tips and still barely make enough to get by. I survive off of tips. How can you justify saying "the businesses should be responsible for paying their employees, not me" when the fact is that they don't. Next time you have bad service, look around and see how many tables that server is running. 4 is a lot to take care of, not to mention the nights I have 5, 6, or even 7 tables at a time. The truth is, we work hard, really really hard. The next time you think to yourself "I had to sit for a WHOLE minute and a half for a refill on my coke" or "they messed up my food, I'm not giving a tip to the server who has NOTHING to do with preparing the food" also think that that 5 dollar tip could mean the difference between making rent, doing laundry, buying a gallon of milk, or going without.
0	Friday night: yaaaaayyyy I can stay up because of no work tomorrow!   Gf: don't stay up too late we have to get up at asscrack :30 to take dog to humpitydumipty then we gotta shaddraddthalada....until then we will be tab a bad a baba doing ..... Sunday we have to clean the yadda yadda yadda and then go to Walmart..... Maybe just maybe Sunday night you can have time to fart.
1	Yes, MBR and Kog's w has synergy, but IE/PD/LW has an even stronger synergy. By itself, Bloodrazer will probably slightly outdamage IE on a tanky target, and by itself it will also slightly out damage a PD against a tanky target, and once you get Last Whisper the same, with all cases assuming you just have zerkers greaves and dorans blades. But once you start to assemble the pieces, there is NOTHING you can build in addition to Bloodrazer that will out-damage IE/PD/LW (other than of course building IE/PD/LW, but the bloodrazer will be a really bad item amongst these.)   The thing is, Bloodrazer scales linearly, and only with attack speed. IE/PD/LW scaling is multiplicative, as once you have established AD, attack speed, crit, armor pen, and crit damage, adding any more to anything increases your damage by a lot. All of that is synergy. Even on characters like Kog'Maw who have things like Bio-arcange Barrage, for him you definitely don't need Madreds Bloodrazer, because its already built in! Take the extra help for what it is and  don't  build Bloodrazer.   Almost the main reason teams bring along ranged carries is to have a late game damage, so while the 10k-ish gold for the IE/PD/LW/Zerkers greaves core seems like a lot, you will do a TON more damage than if you had bought Bloodrazer + anything. If you're farming properly you can establish the core around the 35 minute mark, perhaps a little sooner or later depending on how fed you are/how many objectives your team is getting. If you bought Bloodrazer in part of this core you won't do nearly as much damage if you just had IE/PD/LW and you will be crying for it as you watch their ranged carry who does have it tear apart your team twice as fast as you can.   As for chars like Teemo getting MBR, I will submit that it isn't a terrible item on someone like him, but the only reason for that is he generally wants to be tanky as well so he can't afford to dump 10k into IE/PD/LW. He also spends a large majority of the time in the top half of the map which means he will often be very close to baron, and the one thing MBR is VERY good at is killing Baron, so by having it he can easily duo/trio baron with some tanky guys. Even then, I personally still don't like MBR that much, but I also seldom play teemo.
1	If you're a fed Riven, you can 1v2 them as long as the jungler's not more fed than you (and isn't Hecarim). Target whichever deals more damage first - Riven's best defense is a good offense.   In a normal situation where you don't have a massive lead, just play safe while he's there and then be a little aggressive once you see him leaving (so he's pressured to stick around). As a top laner, you don't have the roaming power of mid or the dragon pressure of bot, so you have to create map pressure by forcing the enemy jungler to come top. Top is the worst lane for junglers to gank because it's far away from everything else and going there frees both other lanes from jungle pressure, so you want him up there as much as possible. When I play Singed, I hope to get camped because I can survive ganks when I have ult and the only way to kill me is for mid to come too, which frees up my team to 4 man gank bot and take dragon. Even if I die to the 3 man gank, I try to take someone with me, and if my team gets a double kill and a dragon it's absolutely worth it.
1	There are 2 solutions to this. I use both.   1)   You can move your task bar to the side of your screen or to the top(I hate top). Personally I have it on the left side because right side messes with the X button for closing programs like your internet browser.   2)   Hide task bar. It only pops up when you need it. If you keep your task bar at the bottom, it can still be annoying. That is why option 1 was also mentioned.
0	As an Asian:   Many successful/wealthy parents have high expectations of their children and want them to be just as successful, so they do things like immigrate to the US to be able to go to better universities and become proficient in English. Sometimes they have lower expectations of white people so when a white guy does better than them on an exam or something, they think its not because they're smart, it's because he's incompetent. So they become desperate,  and marks become priority over ethics, fairness, the learning experience, and pretty much everything else. To many Asians marks and degrees mean jobs, even if that's not the case in this generation anymore. They think that if you don't get a job even with high marks and reputable degrees, it's not because that way of thinking is obsolete, but because their marks aren't high enough and their degrees aren't good enough.
1	I'm pretty sure all leagues are somewhat "ELO hell". Bronze-Silver cus the players there often lack genuine skills in the game, either cus of lack of experience, or connection/computer issues, either way they will make your chances to win less likely.  Gold-Platinum cus the players think they're someone, everyone who has reached gold-plat know it's not that impressive, sure you're doing better then most others, but "most others" are in lower elo's either cus they're new, or again, cus of preformance issues. Therefore there are often a lot more flamers in those leagues (atleast from my experiences). Then we have Diamond-Challenger, I feel/think most flamers are gone by challenger, but I don't have the most experience with challenger players. On the other hand, diamond players. By diamond people have finally made something of themselves, they're in a good league, and they're actually rather great at the game. And because of the feeling they get of being better then everyone, they will flame at people for making the smallest mistakes, and raise themselves above everyone feeling like they're better then them (I've never played in diamond, I asume people are somewhat nicer towards eachothers there as they're "equals", but whenever I see a diamond playing in lower ELO/normals, they're often the biggest flamers).
1	This. I was Gold 4 in promos to Gold 3 then went on a terribad streak to Gold 5 0lp, it took awhile to really turn around the lp gain/loss but it's doable. What I did to turn it around was play 1 game a day, if I won I was done, if I lost I'd play one more and if I lost that one I was done for the day. Best thing you can do is play when you want to play (not just wanting to win) and save yourself from going on tilt.
1	Does anybody know if you get an honorable ribbon if you are matched with other honorable teammates?   I recently got the green ribbon, and I am really proud of it. More proud of that green ribbon than my silver border (and I had a bronze border all last season).   But, my point is it seems like I have gotten matched with other ribboned  people for teammates. It's not uncommon for me to have everybody on my team with a ribbon.   I bring this up because, I am a silver 5 player. And I have had really nice fun games ever since I got my ribbon. This guy says that "The people I have met in Silver V have been some of the nastiest, toxic, and uncooperative players I have encountered." But that is not my experience at all.   I can't remember the last time I had a troll in my game. I have teammates that get mad when they don't get mid, but they either dodge or play another role. I also get people that feed really badly unintentionally, and people that rage at them. But overall I can't realistically ask for a better soloq experience.
1	If they are getting past your wards, you are doing it wrong. I always start with one ward  towards the north entrance of the tri-bush to river exit, so that way I can see if a jungler runs from the tri-bush, or comes through river. As soon as I can afford it, I will always drop one in the tri-bush, one in the river near dragon, and then situationally I will drop one in the far side of the lane bush on the opposing team's side. It is your job to keep COMPLETE vision of the lane, and to let your team know when they are coming. Keep your ping hand strong, and don't fucking be afraid to drop millions of the fuckers.     Play a support that can capitalize on mistakes. Blitzcrank, Taric, and Leona are the best for this. Soraka is highly outdated, and Sona is decent, but requires a slightly more advanced playstyle. Lulu is situational, and requires more team play to be effective. You want bursty supports with hard cc because then you can punish enemy laners for making bad mistakes, while outputting tons of damage that will help your laner get kills     Know how to make decisions. Sona runs up level 1 to taric and graves at level 2? Good players will know that sona can be burst down easy, even at level 2, as long as both players react quickly and ignite. Support gone up the river to ward? Jump on that ADC, as long as your team mate is within bounds I would even flash. Drop him 100-0 just like that, throwing all your summoners as long as you know you have him. Playing hard cc tanky supports really helps you be a more direct player, because you usually make half the plays. Especially Taric, I'm not sure the exact number but he's running around with 150 or so armor if you build aegis, and you're basically another tanky support initiator. Know when to fight and not to fight.     Learn from your experience. Pay attention to what went wrong. Sometimes, your ADC will be a complete dumbnut and will screw everything up, but you have to learn to isolate these and not pretend like everytime it was their fault. You will make mistakes too, and learn from them. Actually think about what you did wrong, and it helps even if you say it in chat. This way people don't flame you and see you as responsible, and chills the rage a little bit. It also makes it more likely for you to fix the problems.       Few tips and tricks for bot lane -Quickly start to realize what kind of adc you have. Some will be responsive, some will not. Some will ALWAYS go in, even when you're just trying to drop some harass. Learn and plan accordingly   -Don't try to ward the river while they are pushed to your half of the lane. They can easily just run up and kill you, especially if their jungler is nearby. I still make this mistake a lot.   -Pay attention to cooldowns/levels. Whenever I play a Taric vs Sona lane, once I get ult I will immediately just make it rain on one of them. I do this because I know by the time my ult is back up, theirs will be just getting up (assuming they used it). Sometimes this is not smart, but you will learn when it is a good or a bad thing. Pay attention to when they burn flashes, ignites, exhausts, and act on them. Sometimes there is a 30 second window between your exhaust being up and theirs, and that is all you need to start the snowball   -Watch for position. The ideal positioning in a lane is adc being more towards the river, center of the lane, while support is in the lane bush, parallel to the adc. If someone is sticking out way further then the other, you can usually burst someone down before the other person can get into the fight. If they are together though, and both sides are about the same health and cooldowns, then be careful initiating onto the support, as the offchance they survive you will be screwed because now they will drop their cooldowns on your adc and you will harshly lose the engage.   -Know how to play the late game. I'll keep using Taric because I see you like him. Your job is to support the adc. You guys are in a team fight? Your job is to peel for your adc. Save your stun for whoever gets to him first/whoever is the biggest threat, while saving your exhaust for the same threat after he's stunned (if he's not already dead) or a new target. The only time you should be leading with a stun and burst combo onto someone is if someone is wildly out of position, and you are the only one in range/only one with balls to engage. Like if their ap carry is right up front clearing minion waves, while the rest of their team goes "cya gaiz" you fucking flash stun that little bitch AND SHOW EM WHOS BOSS IN THIS FUCKIN RANKED GAME.
0	Okay, so I'll share my story...again. The first time I shared it was on facebook, so you can imagine all the breastfeeders that came out of the woodworks to tell me I'm the scum of the Earth for not believing in breastfeeding. Down vote me if you want, but this is just how it is for me.   I don't care if you breastfeed. I'm actually all for it and a little disappointed that my nephew doesn't breastfeed (mom cannot produce enough milk, so she can't). I believe it's healthier than formula and helps with the passage of much need immunities while being young. That said, lets continue.   Cover up if you're doing it in public. It's not about women's rights, it's not about being a "free and independent mother". It's about common fucking courtesy. To elaborate with my story, I'm a server at a restaurant. Well, one day a wife and husband come in with their 2 kids (1 is like 4 the other is like 4 months). I walk up and greet them and while I'm telling her my name and the whole initial spill of info at our restaurant, she reaches in pulls out her breast and asks her husband to pass her the baby. Seriously, that is the most awkward moment in my entire life. Do I look at the boob? Do I act like nothing happened? Should I get a manager (b/c I'm not sure on breastfeeding rules/laws in public)? Do I just keep going and get their drink order? Should I ever go back to that table after letting them see my physical and emotional discomfort?   To add to all that she never covered up, basically throwing my uncomfortablness in my face for the first half of them being there.   Maybe she didn't bring a towel/cloth to cover up with? We have cloth napkins much bigger than what is necessary to cover up with.   Maybe she doesn't wanna do it in a bathroom? Okay I understand that.   Maybe she doesn't wanna sit in the hot car feeding? I get that, but how about being prepared. They didn't just go down the road with a relatively newborn baby and decide that eating out was in order. And the information I've gleaned from being an Uncle tells me that babies are very much on a schedule (my nephew is like a 2 hour schedule as far as food goes). So the lady knew the kid would be hungry. Not only that they could have sat in the car before coming into the restaurant to feed, the car would have been cool then.   Nope they came in and surprised the fuck outta me. Made me super uncomfortable to wait on them and didn't even offer up any kind of consideration.   You can tell that I have thought this through since it happened. Yet the only responses I get is "you're just a man", "you don't get it", "fuck you for being against breastfeeding", etc. I got blasted for asking for courtesy. It was like I waged a war against women's rights (mother's rights), and these people were my family and friends (mostly family). Go into the whole "Americans and nudity" bullshit response (I've heard it all). But where I grew up and how I was raised meant that common courtesy is exercised while in public in all situations. It's not about fighting some "war" against non-breastfeeders, it's about realizing your actions around other people (courtesy).
0	In my first job when i was 17 I went for a company night out.  Being a dumb 17 year old and unable to hold my drink, i get very very drunk.   My manager feeling a little responsible for my condition took me back to his house to sleep it off.  I proceeded to puke in every room in the house, including his bed and his sister's (they lived together) bed, and then made a drunken 17 year old pass at his sister, followed by vomiting on her as she tried to clean me up.   I woke up in the bath tub the next day, stripped to my underwear, because his sister had decided to wash my clothes.   I stumbled into work 6 hours late (in an 8 hr shift) to find my manager waiting for me.  He calls me into his office, and I am at this point certain that i'm getting fired.   Instead he say 'well I guess you're embarrassed and planning to quit after last nights performance, but we all thought it was awesome, so I've sorted you out a pay raise and a slight promotion to hopefully change your mind.'
1	Monte even went so far as saying before the match began that he liked the Varus pick better in PowerOfEvil's case than for this case.   Just because the "Monte hates it when EU plays it, but it's great when KR does" seems to be somewhat prevalent in this thread despite how incorrect it is, I compiled some of Monte's comments this game. It's pretty clear his opinion on Varus hasn't really changed, although he may have disliked the Nunu pick more.   Reasons Monte gave before the game and early on for not liking SKT's draft:   --"I just have questions... What happens if he picks Zed right now?"   --"Varus with his poke... yeah he's great against champions like Kassadin... but Varus is a champion that can get all-inned very effectively - or you could just do that, which is match poke for poke"   --"I much prefer it when they run something like Rumble in the top side, instead of all-inning on all this attack damage."   --"The thornmail is going to be ridiculously effective"   --"With this composition, you have to strike early or you lose... Basically, the siege has to work, and Najin has enough wave clear that I'm not entirely confident that it's going to work"   --"I'm not a big fan of what SK Telecom is doing, I feel that it is pretty risky, but it'll be funny to watch and see if they can actually pull it off."   --DoA: "Yep, top lane Nunu - really the MVP of this game" Monte: "It's so bad"   Commentary about how the game was playing out:   [After the 1v1 mid] --"Lulu is a solid pick... this is why picking the Varus early is somewhat dangerous"   [After the dragon fight] -- "Now SKT has the 4k lead that they needed, because Najin decided to fight the second dragon they absolutely didn't have to go for... they're fighting right in SK Telecom's power spike"   --"Duke has no armor... Duke has a cloth armor right now, what the hell is he going to do?"   --Monte: "It's just astonishing to me that Najin would accept that fight [dragon], it was only going to be SKT's second dragon." DoA: "Pretty much, that's the thing, that was the only way that SKT could come back."   --"I don't think it's [Varus] a bad pick in certain matchups, it's just Najin completely messed up this game and SKT took precisely the fight they should have"   --"They [Najin] were in such a good space... less than a thousand gold deficit, in some harder lanes..." DoA: "They should have known the only good Space is on CJ right now..."   --"It is like watching Faker play Nidalee"   --"One thing you can say about SK Telecom is that they're very good at that Varus - Sejuani synergy."   --"Even though SKT took a bit of a gamble with that composition - and by a bit, I mean a really big one - they hit their timing, they made it work, they closed the game very efficiently within their window."
0	aaaaand I just learned what
1	This makes as much sense as saying narotu is a bleach knock off, or serial experiments lane is a haibane reinme knock off, or that mushishi is a kinos journey knock off.
0	First off, I've never done drugs (except the occasional coffee for the smart asses out there). My sister asked my mom what she would do if one of her kids became a drug addict.  My mom's response: "I would shoot you and put you out of your misery since obviously you hate your life"
0	Using a conservative 6 dollar a pack (prices seem to range from 5-10$ per pack depending on the state).  1 pack a week (2.8 cigs a day, also fairly conservative).  Thats 312 dollars a month.  Contributed into an investment with a very conservative 5% annual rate of return, compounded for 30 years is 250k.   Thats 250k you could have available at age 60 to do whatever you want with.  On top of likely being in much better health than you would otherwise.   Every time some fucker tells me they don't have enough money to be saving while lighting up, I want to punch them in the nose.
1	Hi-Jacking top comment to explain in case some people might not speak English as their first language or just don't get it:   The bus represents the game lobby, and the first poster says he's forced to make the decision: "Do I deal with this maniac actually trolling, and have to potentially spend 20 minutes ingame with this troll and lose the LP, or do i just dodge now and settle for -10 and the wait 30 mins for the next queue?". Riotpls fix this by letting people in lobby vote to kick certain people if they behave like this.   RiotYmir responds with:  Imagine you could vote whenever someone said "Mid or Feed" to kick them from lobby, and re-queue. This would start a cycle of "Nope. Kick him." Imagine going into lobby with a 3 man premade "You're first pick, but my buddy isn't getting ADC teemo? Vote." That's at least 3/4 votes against you already. Sure someone else in the lobby may want to play, but they can't (or won't) speak up, or the vote just jumps to them. No queue will ever go through, realistically there aren't that many sensible people in every game lobby. Most lobbies will just end with kicks, nobody will even get into a game. The chances of everyone getting the role they seek are so low, it's almost bound to never happen. The League will never be the same.   Super
1	If you actually watch their scrims, them "correcting" someone isn't the right way. I'm fine if someone talks it out but it's usually someone yelling the same thing over and over rather then having a proper argument.   What makes it worst is that someone usually puts in unneeded comments. Yes we know we fucked up, we don't to hear someone constantly saying "you're so fucking bad" everytime we fuck up. If you just say what we should have done, it would be fine.   The argument is no one listens to Chauster, but its the way he tries to convey his thoughts. It's entirely negative and where as he could have said "We shouldn't have done baron that early," he adds "dude youre fucking retarded, we shouldnt have done that". No one wants to be put down and this leads to them being defensive and a huge massive argument.
0	The problem with tests is that they give the grader a snapshot of this person's subconscious ability to regurgitate information. This is much more useful in the lower points of education, such as high school. Since the skills you are learning are likely prerequisites to the more involved processes you'll be learning, it would make sense to test you on how well seamlessly you can regurgitate that information.   As you go further into the education process, however, the material you learn becomes much more involved. Tests, at a certain point, become less about regurgitating information and more about seamless skill use.   I'll be spending some last minute time at a Physics tutor tomorrow before fail day rears its ugly head. It's always important to make sure everything you're assuming is correct.   Every test should be taken seriously. Always look for good feedback on your work. Above all else, always enter every test without the knowledge that there is anything wrong (e.g. hunger, focus, supplies).   A good class spends its time teaching you the stuff you need to know to properly conduct other processes; alternatively, it can teach you a skill. As you go higher and higher on the ladder of learning, however, you need to think about an endgame; you need a goal that, once reached, you can definitively claim your mastery.
1	I feel like you're a bit overzealous with it.  Personally, when I first started, I didn't notice not having runes because I was one of the few who bought the tiers as I went up; it made sense, because I thought to myself, "What's wrong with these runes?  A buff is a buff, right?"  But I do agree with some of it.  I've had a couple of friends start to play League, and they don't grasp the concept of buying the new items in their store, xD.   When I first started, I did notice that I was shit, but I just assumed that was how all games start out, right?  And then when I learned that you could get all of these shiny things like masteries and runes, I was all excited.  But let's face it, your point of view in this argument is that you're playing with a level 10 or something at level 30, giving him/her opponents that HAVE had a chance to get masteries and runes.  When I introduced friends into League more often, I made a smurf just for that reason, because giving them opponents that are THEIR level make their life a lot easier.
1	I think that the system had you queued up to experience these punishments in a row, but it's dumb as hell that they don't tell you that until after it's been awhile so it becomes an annoying surprise.
0	I think it depends on what you mean by "paying". Not everyone values money the same. I know little about Mary Kay but it seems to me that... time constraints, at the very least, would be infinitely more flexible. A lot of people have trouble staring at screens for hours on end, or keeping their natural conversation/demeanor at "work appropriate" levels. Considering trade-offs like these... If you're confident enough in your product and ability to sell it, perhaps "money down" is a solid option. You don't have to deal with dress codes?, potential managerial bias... etc. etc.   Regardless, benefits usually require you to pay in different ways... Certainly you do have to pay money into them every month... As well all the strict regulations that usually go along with a "9-5" job.   So maybe he's being purposefully obtuse, but you're being a huge dick for judging the person doing this for income. Why risk posting in "defense" of your company if it's not something you enjoy doing or doesn't make sense for you?
1	Anyone who tells you you shouldn't play ranked if you don't know all the roles is lying to you. Roles barely even matter until you get into high silver and gold. As long as you can play a champ that remotely fits into whatever you're trying to do, you can play it just fine.   For example, my ADC is probably at a Bronze V level, but I can still make gold because I'll pick any random character I'm good at instead of trying to force an AD carry that I can't play.
1	Type: Targetted spell   Range: 550   Cooldown: 8s   Damage: 300 (+ 90% AP)   CC: Stun (1.5s)   Cost: 100 mana     vs     Type: Skillshot   Range: 1500   Cooldown: 6s   Damage: 230 (+ 65% AP) - 575 (+ 162.5% AP)   CC: -   Cost: 90 mana       Why bother taking a champ you have to get up close and personal with to mid/high damage early/midgame when you can pick the easier choice of safely spamming spears and traps from up to 1500 range, dealing up to twice the damage?   /
1	Let's show them what content we want and do not want !   What if I want that person to make the racist joke? Now you know the problem. Since when have people  not  up/downvoted according to what they want? That's not even what it's supposed to be used for. It's for keeping the discussion relevant, not for upvoting the left and downvoting the right. Yet, that's what happens. People view the votes as agree/disagree buttons.   And since people are already using voting for what you say it should be used for, the answer to your question:   >why do we keep upvoting those things?   is because that's what reddit wants to see.   You think that those posts get accidentally upvoted? Or that you're upvoting them but you don't want to? I'll have what you're having. It's not like you upvote a racist comment, then do a double take and realize that what you did was bad. You may have noticed that I used "you" a lot in this comment. That's because you have the audacity to use "we" and "our" in your comment, implying that you are part of the group of people who "keep[s] upvoting those things." So, why did  you  keep upvoting those racist jokes? Or did you not, because it wasn't what you wanted to see? If you can answer those questions, then you have the answer to your own question.   ^
0	I don't care about the downvotes I get for this as long as I'm understood.   I have very little money right now, yet I have no problem lending my friends gas money when they need it or grabbing a burger for them from McDonald's or something.  Essentially, whenever I do something like that, I'm usually donating somewhere between 10% - 40% of my entire wealth to them.   Bill Gates sits a little differently for me.  See, when I give that money away, it impacts my daily status of living right then and there.  For every dollar I give, I don't have a dollar that I was going to spend.   Bill Gates can give away millions and then many more millions and he will still be buying all the shit that he wants, because he's got it like that.   I appreciate the money that he gives that goes towards improving other people's lives, but I'm not going to act like the guy is some kind of saint because it's not like he's giving something that he needs.
0	I think you're still allowed to hate OP. He's just admitting to something bad. Maybe it's cathartic for him to see the hate directed towards him.
0	Uhh there was a dead body?   Seriously man, put yourself in Trayvon's shoes, or put yourself in Trayvon's parents' shoes. What if I shot you or your child tonight, but I told the police I acted in self defense so they let me go within the hour? Are you ok with that? If I murdered your child, would an hour of questioning with MY cop buddies be enough to satisfy your desire for justice? I doubt it. And you're fucking full of shit if you say you're OK with it. Even if George got his ass kicked by a big child, doesn't the jury need to know that Trayvon wasn't the one acting in self defense? You are either extremely racist or extremely ignorant of the justice system.   Well, which is it?
1	You should be able to climb with a 51% win rate. Series however forces you you randomly have to be able to succeed with a 66% win rate, making it unnecessarily more stressful at random intervals in ranked.   I do not disagree that promos are stressful and may be problematic.  However, I want to point out some not so intuitive math behind the chance of winning your promos. Naturally, people might think, “I have to win 2 out of 3 games, meaning I need a 66% win rate. If I have a 51% win rate, the odds are stacked against me!”  Not so!   Here are the possible promo scenarios (W: win, L: loss):     W W   W L W    W L L    L W W    L W L    L L      If you have a 51% win rate shown over a large amount of games (Probability of W = 51%, Probability of L = 49%) what are my chances of winning my promos?  The answer might surprise you.   Scenarios 1, 2, and 4 will get you out.  The chance of each scenario is:     W W (Probability: 0.51×0.51 = 0.2601)   W L W (Probability: 0.51×0.49×0.51 = 0.127449)   W L L (Probability: 0.51×0.49×0.49 = 0.122451)   L W W (Probability: 0.49×0.51×0.51 =0.127449 )   L W L (Probability: 0.49×0.51×0.49 = 0.122451)   L L (Probability: 0.49×0.49 = 0.2401)     The chance of getting scenario 1, 2, OR 4 with your win rate of 51% is then:   0.2601 + 0.127449 + 0.127449 =  51.4998%   A chance  higher  than your win rate!
1	Also measure your EP before you queue.   Your Emergency Potential.   A lot of people give me this bullshit "I'm not reporting him for afk, he could have something important in real life"   Allow me to shed some light on the subject.  The report button is not bias towards anyone.  It's meant to be used when the circumstances for reporting are met.  If someone is not in the game, and their team is suffering for it, REPORT THEM.  IT'S WHAT THE AFK REPORT IS THERE FOR!   If you just let your dog outside, then the EP is higher than it should be for you to play league.  Your dog could (heaven forbid) get hit by a car, start chasing some random small animal and run far away, start rooting through your trash.  Any number of possibilities could occur, does that mean I shouldn't report you if it happens?  Of course not, if you're in a game, play the game, if you leave it for any considerable amount of time, I'm reporting you, you just wasted 20-40 minutes of mine and 3 other peoples time.   That's a hell of a lot more inconsiderate than not "understanding" emergency situations.   Now, as everything in this world goes, there are exceptions.  If someone types in chat "My mother just fell down the stairs / collapsed holding her chest" of course I won't report someone for that.  Real life unforeseeable (not like the dog) emergencies DO happen, but they are EXTREMELY rare.  And to happen during a 30-40 minute period of the day, even MORE rare.
1	If anything the pros are proof it doesn't exist, they all recentely got free smurf accounts from Riot and they all got to Diamond 1 in under 100 matches.
1	Hold on i think i'm missing the point to this entire argument. your saying league of legends is a bad game because of the fact it creates interesting animations and objects for a game that they created and its bad because it tries to sell all these things to us. I forgot about call of duty and there vast array of map packs.   Hold on i'm still lost i think. Whats the point of creating a game if you aren't looking to make something interesting addictive entertaining and money making.   I think you really need to reconsider your argument, considering nearly everything in our life is based off supply and demand which is roughly what your going on about. To me if you refuse to actually play the game and get to a high enough bracket within the game you are unable to make a comment on whether the game is good or bad.   Explain what you mean by "nevermind that it has as much depth as your average tablet game." Because i have yet to see a tablet game that requires all of the aspects league of legends requires, such as strategy, reactions and decisive logical thinking, within a group of 10 people in real time.   I think your more than welcome to come here and say that you dislike this game but i think you are completely out of your depth saying this is a bad game. Example i hate counter strike with a passion, furiously hate it but that doesn't make it a bad game now does it. considering the amount of people that spent money on it and played it, obviously the argument that its a great game and fulfilled its desired role within the game industry can be made.
0	Not entirely sure I understand your point. LGBT or LGBTQ is a useful term to describe a community of people whose sexual or gender identity contrasts with the hetero one society traditionally promotes. Its a helpful term to describe a broad group, who stand together often because of a shared concern of living in countries which have historically (and still currently) treat them poorly for how they identify. They are a union of sexual minorities.   Are you suggesting that the acronyms exclusion of heterosexuality (which would serve no purpose) somehow undermines what the rainbow flag is supposed to represent? If so, I don't think I agree. They pertain to two different things. Its a little like suggesting that the US flag isn't inclusive of all states because Texans don't label New Yorkers as Southerners.
1	because allstars actually fucking matters, if it was a for fun tournament just to show the favorites going head to head then sure who cares but last year europe got screwed over so hard because everyone sent half of the team that almost exclusively speaks russian and a french guy and a german. The team had 0 cohesion and likely had issues communicating since Gambit speaks russian in game and basically got shoehorned into speaking a language they were not super comfortable with.   But when worlds rolled around we saw that SEA didnt have the greatest teams to offer and that europe was an actual contender for a top 3 finish.
1	yes, but they didn't buy him in the beginning because he wasn't interesting. He was dark and foreboding, and didn't look very lifelike. So you have Kogmaw that jokes around and is messy and has a penguin waddle.. its cute.   They have said in the past they are avoiding something like Skarner/Urgot because it just doesn't attract people/help people bond w said champion. That's why they never pushed forward wit hthe Hydralisk-esque champion. They said they couldn't make him relatable/likeable.
1	I believe you assume a few things about the work ethic of CLG slightly without knowing the 100% true story. I grant that there have been confirmed stories of Link avoiding duo with Dexter and that there have been stories of him playing Hearthatone, but both of these things are not all too irregular in the scene and it doesn't comment a lot on Link or CLG's work ethic.   For example, om Coast Shiphtur often refused to duo with teammates and yet this issue did not stop the hype around Shiphtur when he went to DIG. Also, many famous players who get praised highly for their work ethic are seen playing Hearthatone ALL THE TIME on stream (think Dyrus, Bjergsen, Aphromoo) and these players don't eat the criticism. My point here is that Link does underperform in playoff settings from what we see, but I'm not so sure it's due to a lack of dedication or a lack of commitment. For all the public eye can see, his commitment levels are nothing if not SLIGHTLY below normal.   I'm not trying to discredit the problems CLG continues to display, but I think more emphasis needs to be placed on their probable lack of clear decision making in game and less on their want/drive/dedication to win the game.
0	This happened to me the very first time I ever went to my girlfriends house to meet her family.  She had warned me prior to arriving: Don't shit in the downstairs bathroom. I forgot about that.   We get there and it's great.  Her dad loves me, her little brother loves me, her little sister and mom love me.  Even her family dog loves me.  We;re all hanging out in front of the fireplace watching a movie and laughing and joking and the familiar feeling begins to stir in my guy.  I politely excuse myself and head to the bathroom.  I didn't realize it at the time but they were all giving each other sly looks.  So I poop.  I wipe.  I flush.  But the toilet, she doesn't go down.  In fact, it starts filling up even more.  I panic; I try holding the handle down,  nothing .  Water still rising, now brown and chunky.  I wash my hands, burning myself in the process (their 'hot' tap gets to  hot  faster and hotter than anything else in the world).  I go out and my girlfriends dad is standing there, arms crossed, looking very stern.  " DID YOU CLOG MY TOILET, SON? " he says.  This is the first day I've met him.  He's as tall as I am (6'4") but BUILT, and he was in the Vietnam war.  He's got a gut, but he's strong as an ox.  Now he's standing in front of me, arms crossed, looking angry as fuck. My girlfriend comes in from behind him; "Oh no, mighteee what have you done?!"   I'm standing there pale, all blood gone form my face, embarrassed as hell, when her little 8 year old brother loses it and starts laughing, "HAHAHA IT DOES THAT ALL THE TIME!" So her dad gets me a beer and plunges the toilet for me.  Hilarious.  I'm still with her.
1	OP, I know that feel all too well.   The best advice I can give is to not play when you don't really want to play - at the end of the day it's just a game and the objective should be to extract some kind of enjoyment out of it, whether that enjoyment comes from playing with some friends, or stomping noobs, or trying new strategies, whatever you enjoy in the game, focus on that, and if you find nothing is enjoyable then it can be best to take a break.   I've played LoL pretty much since its release, and have taken multiple breaks through the years - at one point I stopped and didn't login for about ~8 months.   I used to play almost exclusively ranked when I first reached level 30, through most of S1 and about half of S2, I amassed about ~1k-1.5k ranked games. Eventually though, playing ranked extracted almost all of the fun out of the game for me. From the rage and QQ, to being pigeon holed into roles I either don't like, or am not very good at, I pretty much stopped playing ranked altogether. Now I have about ~2k normal games played and have never really looked back. I get to play what I want far more often in normals, and I notice the atmosphere is generally healthier, of course there is rage from time to time, but not as bad as ranked. It's amazing what those imaginary internet numbers do to people.   After I made the switch to playing mainly normal games (I do on rare occasion play ranked, have played about ~10 games this season) my enjoyment really increased. Now I can treat it more "like a game" instead of this life-or-death competition that everyone seems to turn it into. I do enjoy competition of course, but it's all the negative traits that come along with it, and all the sore losers, that really spoil it for me. I mean I played a lot of sports growing up, and I can remember winning games against opposing teams and almost never did they walk up with some lame excuse or insult after they got beat. It's much easier to emit hate on the internet.
1	That's not how you do security.   Normally a good idea when dealing with security is  not  to leak exploits, especially ones like this that are easy to do and could have some very unpleasant consequences. This bug has been around for a bit but not many people know how to do it. If people did the potential for abuse could be  huge , especially when you consider that so many people who play league are quite young. I personally don't want to give some asshole the ability to easily trick a little kid into thinking he needs to enter in his parents credit card or he'll lose all his champions. It's not the potential for technical abuse that scares me with this bug, it's how it makes it easy to pretend something is legit, because after all if the game itself is sending you a notification it must be correct, right?   Also lets not forget that Riot isn't trustworthy when it comes to fixing things in a timely manner, even if they're huge and hundreds of thousands of people are outraged by them.
1	I have been since I started this game.  I have only recently started learning how to play ranged carries (with some success).   Earley levels I was always the tank. Always the tank.  Once I got level 20 I was the tank and the jungler (yay rammus).  Now I am usually support.   When I do play a ranged carry in a premade, there is always 1 other (now its vayne) and no jungler.
0	Yeeeaaah, still illegal to brake check someone.   I never brake check people.  I do, however, brake suddenly when "a dog ran out in front me".  Happens all the time on the high way.  Very strange.
1	It was an extremely hard nerf. In terms of a DPS nerf, there hasn't been one this bad since Tristana. Almost all of his lategame damage comes from W lategame. I mean his lategame was already bad, considering he basically becomes a very short range ADC with no hard escape. But this nerf made it even worse.   It was so unnecessary too. He was never pick or ban during competitive play. He turned into more of a couterpick to Rumble and a pocket pick for those who are  very  good with him (Pawn, Dade, Narakyle). Litereally  all  they should have done was remove W's ability to crit.
0	My UBC experience was deeply rooted in several different faculties/departments that all addressed gender in some societal function or problematization. Even after reading countless hours of Judith Butler and other academics who research gender binaries and gender performativity and power, my biggest issue comes from acting the perspective of a humanist.   I feel like I'm thinking "wrongly" for my opinions on gender issues as less important than decolonialization, the progress and survival of our species, and technological and scientific advances, despite finding myself parroting the "eliminate the gender binary" ideal that humanism often supports.   This isn't to shut down gender privilege as an issue to be fixed or addressed, but to acknowledge that the different waves of feminism and varying beliefs in social justice movements all link back to these macro-scale ideas at their roots, and often leave people out of the equality narrative, eapecially those of genderqueer, null/asexual, and transexual identities ALREADY, leading to a need for a generalist equality movement that doesn't alienate anyone, and is wholly inclusive of diversity.
0	Agreed [here's a statement from Gillard to CEDA about the current state of our economy](   It's a bit long so i'll cut down some of the main points for ya.     2.5% growth for the year     Net exports making their strongest contribution to growth in four years.     New dwelling investment over the year rose by 10.2 per cent – the strongest annual growth in ten years, further evidence that the non-resource sectors of the economy picking up.     New business investment still around fifty-year highs as a share of GDP, at 17.5 per cent.     Since Labor came to power, the Australian economy has grown by 14 per cent.     Under Labor, our nation has created more than 950,000 jobs.     Our net debt – one-third Canada’s, one-fifth Germany’s and one-eighth the size of the United States.       There's more in there if you want to give it a read.
1	SHC has forever lost a fan as far as I'm concerned. Abuse of minors and women should not be tolerated and has been for a long time in gaming. It doesn't matter how good he is, hiring him vindicates his past and his actions no matter what you think.   Gaming is a toxic environment that's subject to harsh racism and sexism. Hiring a guy who posted revenge porn of his underage girlfriend is not only sickening but a slap in the face to the gaming population that's are not only victims of sexual harassment/rape, but also women in general.
0	It all depends on your definition of your 'deity' and 'stupid'. For some people, 'stupid' means someone who is stupid across all spheres of life. For some people, 'stupid' means momentary stupidity. For some people, 'stupid' means someone who doesn't apply their intelligence in a particular field of life. People who follow an organized religion and believe in obscure things(deities) with absolute certainty can be classified as 'stupid' under the third definition.Think of unicorns or FSM or tooth-fairy or the myth of Hercules. Almost everyone would classify a person as 'stupid' under the third definition if the person has absolute belief in any of those things. Absolute belief in 'Yahweh' or 'Shiva' or any interventionist deity who'll save you when in need , is no different. Absolute belief in the literal interpretation of The Testaments or The Koran is no different (gnostic theism is 'stupid'). If your definition of 'deity', however, just pertains to a creator ( as in creator of the universe) and you are not absolutely sure that it is true; that will put you among the rare breed of agnostic theists. There are two kinds of agnostic theists - people who fell over to Pascal's wager and spiritualists. People who fall over to Pascal's wager usually tend to follow one particular organized cult ( one of those popular religions out there) again making the same act of 'stupidity' gnostic theists make. Spiritualists are usually not worshippers, but tend to acknowledge their belief in a creator ( they believe in the possibility of a creator more than that the non-possibility of a creator), but they profess their ignorance on the certainty of the question - there is nothing stupid about that.
1	Things I did not expect to happen in 2011: replay functionality, spectator functionality, and a client that doesn't suck monkey nuts.   Things that happened in 2011: Spectator functionality, sort of.   Dominion did also come out of left field, and even though I think it's boring I'll give credit there - I guess that was pretty unexpected. So in terms of expecting the unexpected, not too shabby. I just think it's important to differentiate 'expecting the unexpected' from, well, real progress. Riot making the home screen a picture of goatse would also have been unexpected, but that doesn't mean anything.   I still think it's a complete joke that two years after release, there is zero sign of replay functionality. And don't give me that horse crap about patches breaking replays either, HoN has that same problem and yet I was able to watch a replay from beta (BETA!) just the other day. And seriously, the Adobe Air client is awful. It has been forever. It needs to go.
1	u/SmoothBeans gave a good definition. I'll add it's just failing to play well when the games actually matter. Like in the regular season you have to win a certain number of games to advance to playoffs. It doesn't really matter which games you win, especially at the start, as long as you win enough. But when playoff time rolls around, you have to win  this  game. The pressure is on. There is no next chance. Some players thrive under this pressure. Others crumble.
1	Wat? are you serious? I got raged at, being 12/2/10 Jax split pushing and TAKING THE ENEMY INHIB, because this guy playing Corki gets caught out every other minute in the game and they lose teamfights 4v5 (anyway they didn't have to fight).
0	This is my life in
1	Pick a champion you like, and play only them. Play them everywhere, anywhere. Build them with new items, try new masteries on them, play them until you're sick of them, and keep on playing them. Nothing teaches you about this game faster than mastering a single champion.   What does this do? Well, once you get comfortable with a champion, you stop thinking about the champion you're playing and more about the game you're playing. Let's use Singed as an example. If you've played so much Singed that you don't even have to think about what you're doing with him or how to execute any combos, then you start to notice things about the game you'd never have thought about before (or would have learned much more slowly). The match-ups you face, the different types of junglers you deal with (both on your team and against), or even what you wish was different about each game's experience, so much changes after you get super comfortable with a champion.   Honestly, nothing made me learn more about this game than when I played 100 games as Katarina. I've seen several of my friends join League and play 1 champion from lvl ~5-30. They learn so much faster than friends who decide to dip into several champions. They honestly do, some of them can handle their own vs players with 2 years of experience just because they've dedicated themselves to Ashe or Kennen. Even most pro players got to high Elo because they initially played a single champion. Reginald with Shaco, HotshotGG with Nidalee, Dyrus with Singed, Scarra and Katarina.   &nbsp;   &nbsp;
1	I get that, I just don't get what it is they  do .   I know part of my current problem is being indecisive with what role I want to play, as I enjoy most of them.     Top: Renek / Garen / Zed / Riven   AD: Graves / Cait / Trist / Ez   Jungle: Heca / Naut / Lee   Mid: TF / Veig / Ryze / Ziggs   Supp: Blitz / Thresh / Nida / Lux     I think my pool is too big and I have no idea what I "want" to be. The 1,000+ games have left me with so many pros / cons that I don't know where to put myself. For examples:   ADC     Pros:  I farm better than most ADC's I come across. I have a good knowledge of Top+Mid lane and I'm aware of what abilities I need to be careful of and their CDs. I worked on my positioning a lot and I consistently challenge mid for the highest damage in game as well as push for top gold earner in the team and/or game.    Cons:  I hate playing with random people, particularly vs premade comps. I know a lot of people take support seriously, but there's plenty who deem it as a "lesser" role and don't really give a game their best because "they can't carry". I hate how long it takes an ADC to come in to the game. When I am outclassed as ADC, I feel it more than any other lane. I've come across smurfs who have hit every CS and punished me for all of mine, creating a disparity between us that wasn't repairable. (You know the games, You've got a BT + Zeal, they have that and an IE for shits and giggles.)     TOP     Pros:  I have a playstyle that seems to frustrate a lot of top lanes as well as a good knowledge of the lane and it's match ups. I do well with the "big" champions and create a solid crash. I tend to draw a lot of jungle pressure away from my team.   Cons:  Although I draw a lot of jungle pressure away from my team, my style is disrespectful to junglers and can leave me susceptible to ganks, even when I'm warded up. Top is hands down the lane I have most experienced teams failing around me. The number of games I've seen /ff at 20 while I'm sat at top with 180cs @ 0/0/0 or similar...it's painful.      MID     Pros:  I farm good. I roam good. I have a good sense of the enemy jungle. My champ pool is pretty solid this season.   Cons:  Counters. I play a mean TF and I'll wipe the floor with a lot of people who lock in Fizz, because I play Fizz too. I guess my game knowledge of the lane just isn't up to scratch. I often only get mid if I'm a higher pick, which leaves me open to counters. If I take TF I won't mind seeing the enemy team pick up a Fizz, but if they take a Kassadin who just R / Q / E's me for 500-600ish damage at level 7 when I've got an hp pool of 1.1kish or something, it's not cool.     JUNGLE     Pros : Pretty tight with my timers. Aggressive ganks. Know who I can / can't invade against. Decent ganks. I'm easy in the jungle.   Cons : Hate the universal blame junglers take when your lanes capitulate. There is nothing more frustrating than seeing your top lane give away FB in a 1v1, running over to hold the lane and save the otherwise wasted exp. Just as you arrive, Mid dies in a 1v1. You go to mid. Top dies upon returning to lane. Bot get's ganked. You're sat there in mid lane at 0/0/0, their jungle is on 0/0/1, the score is 4/0 - and you know 15 minutes later it's going to be all your fault.
1	I just think that they design stacking items to be balanced by the fact that they lose stacks if you die.   If you don't lose stacks upon a death it is imbalanced.   How imbalanced? I don't know. Maybe not enough to warrant a change.
1	Go watch the video, then come and comment on it. He made it very obvious numerous times in his video that he did not condone what XJ9 did, his problem with it was the cyberbullying he was recieving from this subreddit.   He also brought up his own experiences with cyberbullying, which probably makes him more competent on the issue of how a person can be brought down by cyberbullying. The problem is that cyberbullying is such a serious issue that a lot of youths that are cyberbullied actually commit suicide.
1	This type of mindset only perpetuates this feeling of expectation that if a consumer (a lol player) is displeased with the product they need to make it know on every bug/update thread ever created.   Making software, and especially online video games, is a lot of tough work. Im sure that riot is working as fast as they can on the LOOOOONG list of complaints and "improvements" that are constantly bombarding reddit and their own league website.   This game is FREE. and they cant just outsource 100 new programmers and artists to accomodate you kids whining on reddit. Enjoy the amazing peice of software in front of you, and accept that a large majority of us could never phathom making something even remotely as good.
1	I just finished my first game with her, went something like 8/11/17. Ended up playing kind of a support/assassin role. She definitely can fill many roles in a fight, but you have to work hard to position yourself and kind of "slip in", so you're not immediately seen as a threat (kind of like Akali I guess).   I started Doran's Blade into Merc Treads and Wriggles. Laning was a little rough for a while, but that was because I was against Taric and Riven, and their double stuns were pretty effective. She has an amazing way of getting in and out fast, gaps aren't really an issue for her.   I built Wit's End next, for tower downing speed and because the enemy's Karthus was getting majority of kills. I then got Brutalizer, BT and Hexdrinker, selling my Doran's Blade for the last one. I noticed a significant improvement in my ability to "matter" in teamfights when I got AD (Brutalizer and BT), so I think next time I'll go Wriggles into a straight BT for some lane power and effectiveness against squishy targets. Her shield is extremely effective, and I found the Brutalizer CD reduction was awesome too.
1	I've actually had a pretty decent time. Given my sample size is small (like 11 games) but I usually try to be really nice and respectful. Whenever fights break out between 2 people I'll say things like "Guys don't worry bot is tearing it up," or something to try and shift the conversation while also easing their minds. Keeping calm is key.   My last game I actually got horribly destroyed by a level 2 xin gank that proceeded to pressure me out of a lot of cs and ruined my early/mid game as twitch. My team held strong and I helped when I could from the back and eventually came back to win the game.   I've had several close calls like that already in ranked and my team is usually pretty respectful and nice. Especially when I apologize for bad play and try to make them see that I'm doing my very best.
0	I believe it. Almost every person I personally know who uses "the word" in its most pejorative sense has had, or secretly desires to have some sort of homosexual encounter that they enjoyed or imagine themselves enjoying. This scares them and they dislike it about themselves, therefore they must dislike all homosexuals as loudly as possible in order to not have a complete world view breakdown.
1	The natural result of having a constant playing space and playing at a professional or similarly high level is that smart, skilled individuals figure out the ideal way for the game to be played on that game space.   In the case of the use of the word "meta" meaning where characters go on the map, the map's geography as well as the efficient use of gold resources resulted in the discovery of the ideal way to utilize character resources. One character takes advantage of the strategic pressure options and gold resources in the jungle, an unsafe, level-reliant character with roam or pushing potential goes to the shortest lane, mid. As a map with 4 income centers, 3 lanes and the jungle, but a 5 man game, one character on the team should bring utility that requires no gold to make an impact in the game (as we've seen recently, they created their own 5th income method through support items to give this role more interesting choices). And in order to have greater control over the most important early game neutral objective, dragon, more people should be located on the bottom side of the map. Who do you put with the utility-focused non-farming champion? A weak character that requires farm more than levels in order to begin having an impact in the game. This leaves top lane open, and I believe that top lane has the most options as far as champions go; often the competitive metagame for top lane shifts to fill a necessary team role that isn't ideal in another lane. For example, damage top laners were popular when tank junglers like Zac were popular, and then when damage junglers became more ideal people began playing more tanks top lane (this was also influenced by tanky item choices).   Therefore, because these ideas and reasonings were figured out by high-level players we slowly began to have a meta-game of champion positions develop, especially at the highest competitive levels of the game, where playing the most ideal and the most efficient way can have high impact on your career. I explain all this because you seem to be looking at the meta-game as an arbitrary thing when it is actually very meditated.   This meta forming in high-level and competitive play coincided with the incredible surge in popularity of eSports and League of Legends in particular. With more and more average players watching and learning from this high level of play where efficiency is of the utmost importance, they picked up on the same meta-game the professionals were using. Average players have never been forced to adhere to the same meta-game, however many players also seek to have the same ideal conditions for victory in their games and will expect the same from their peers. Simply put, playing in a different method is putting your teammates at a disadvantage and if they do not appreciate the novelty behind it, they will ask you in one form or another to not do so.   In regards to your second use of meta-game, involving champion builds and picks rather than champion positions, it often comes down to the ideal use of a character again. This post is already huge so I'll refrain from going on too much, but champions are designed with certain scalings, abilities, and identities, because that is how character creation simply works. In the past, characters like Sion were created with many different options but no solid identities and this makes for stale and imbalanced gameplay. The recent design choices of focusing champions around a certain stat and an identity makes dynamic design possible. If a champion like Yasuo had many different build options, his gameplay would surely have to suffer in order to balance these many options.   Relating this back to champion positions, when riot now releases champions they recommend a role for them; again using Yasuo, they recommended him mid. This is because he fits the characteristics of midlaners I previously discussed. Riot isn't forcing anyone to follow this suggestion, in fact Yasuo jungle has been played in OGN, widely seen as the highest level of play currently.   Aside from champions being designed with an identity, the meta-game of strong champion picks and builds is constantly changing because of the hard and deliberate work of the LoL balance team.   In summation, it is important to remember that the meta-game you feel is crushing your fun is simply the ideal way to play the game. It is absolutely not the only way to play the game, and is not being forced upon you by anyone. However, the average player will want you to follow the most ideal method of playing the game because the average player enjoys victory more than novelty. It is your decision whether or not to be controlled by them; you can't get banned for not following the meta. If you really want to explore the possibilities in the game, get a group of friends together that want to adventure with you.
0	She felt totally guilty dating me(even though I had been her crush for about a year before we dated) and she blamed herself for my "pain" and the pain the other guy was feeling by not dating her. She said she knew she had more feelings for me than she did for him, but felt like she had no choice and chose to date neither of us.
1	Well, ganking isn't the only thing to do in other lanes.. You can as well just go pressure them, chunk a bit of their tower or even get it.. Ward enemy buffs and jongle is rule n1 imo, can give you easy kills and even games.. Push all lanes eith your team and go for dragon or smthing. Also if its mid game, if you kill someone imediately call for baron, its just so much easier to kill than most people believe.. Also, there are some champs who fall out late game, so if you have like leblanc,garen,ezreal etc in your team, pressure them a lot!!!   But most of all, dont do stupid things bro!!! Stay with your team, all together if possible and then youll be safe, transitioning to late game..
0	Well, it's not the same as Reddit, really. However, Reddit is full of purists who try to stick to the old laws of the internet.   It all started with 4chan, although, minor instances of viral content occurred before that time too. 4chan is to have credit for most viral image macros and internet pranks. Unfortunately, 4chan does not have the best reputation and that's, how I believe, Reddit rose to it's glory. Reddit, has some minor tweaks and uses a similar concept as 4chan.   Reddit's website concept allows content to be judged and spread easily. Thanks to Reddit, one does not have to lurk 4chan, camp several IRC channels or check one's emails every five minutes. Viral content, of interest, will automatically hit the front page. It's simple and centralised.   Reddit, basically, is the modern way of knowing if something went viral. So why spread something that has been seen by, probably, most internet users anyway? Only Trolls, Slowpokes and Karma-Whores do this. 9Gag, almost by definition, is ruled by Slowpokes. Since, Facebook users mostly get their content from 9Gag, they are probably ignorant Slowpokes.   Sorry, I got passionately sidetracked...going back on topic.   I am not sure how we came to Imgur, however, it's currently favoured by Redditors when it comes down to uploading images. I, personally, come from a time when Photobucket was preferred. The point is, that it all starts with the OP. The creator uploads it on the internet and shares it somewhere and the commonly depicted digestive cycle is as follows: 4chan > Reddit > Digg > Meme Base > Funnyjunk > 9Gag > FaceBook.   Naturally, it's a bit more complicated and the cycle has been changing. Especially FaceBook users, lately, have dared to cut in line, thus slowly changing the cycle. The way Facebook is made, any content directly shared on Facebook is likely to be endorsed by Circlejerks (why be friends with someone who doesn't like what you share?). It's a bad concept to make something go viral. IMO, they are untrue memes.   Ok, let me wrap this post up...because I think I can't get much closer to a good answer.   Bottom line is that the internet works in mysterious ways. Sometimes there is a good reason to do something, however, if 4chan taught us one important lesson, it's to:  "do it for the lulz" . Sometimes it's just fun to do something stupid or troll.
1	Saying actions speak louder than words is so true! was playing a game the other day as vayne, and my team started baron without vision of the enemy team. Instead of instantly joining them and making it super obvious I went top and pushed out the wave before looping around from a weird angle to join them as the fight begins. At first my team was screaming at me to help them with baron but the quadra kill I got from the resulting fight soon shut them up.
1	what i like:  Fixed several issues that occur when reconnecting  Eve rework  Twitch rework  Xin rework  Parley now refunds half the mana cost if Parrrley kills the target( he needed it)  Malphite nerf(hopefully ill be able to stop banning him every game)  Malzahar changes(voidling dance op, god tier for sure)  Shen ki strike nerf  Xerath (now playable again)   what i dislike:  R.I.P AP Trist, you will be remembered  gold item nerf( Mid and top are starting to use them so lets nerf if for eveyone including support and jungler rather than making them sell for 0 to prevent people stacking them without actually upgrading. )   Neutral:  Nocturne ult nerf  Morg black shiled(the nerf was fine but why increase the range...)
0	The "worker" in your scenario didn't waive his or her right to minimum wage, the government entered into an agreement with the employer that they would waive statutory minimum wage in exchange for a fairly calculated productions-based wage. Which usually amounts to cents a day.   Keep in mind though these "jobs" are intended to give challenged people a chance to be productive and socialize. Its not intended to be a living wage because SSI and other assistance programs already give that to them.
0	Yeah : It's  not permission  from the creator that 9gag posts lacks of, is  attribution  to the creator...
0	My Sociology professor talked about this in his last lecture
0	One day a bunch of middle schoolers came into the store and were picking things up, holding them up to each other and then (I kid you not) threw them on the nearest shelf, missing half the time and just leaving them on the floor.   And here's the best part: after they tried shit on, they used, and left all of their crap in all 3 the dressing rooms. So after I finished cleaning up after them in the store, I went to clean out the fitting rooms where I found 3 detached sensors (one had a circle of torn fabric on it).
1	I have hard Radioactive because it is played way too much, but I wouldn't know the name "Imagine Dragons" if it wasn't for the fact that of my friends is a fan and he actually showed me a couple songs a while back.   I don't listen to current music, not for anything in particular, i just like listening to the same old albums over and over again, however it is impossible for me one not listen to the currently popular music in everyday life, however, that does not mean that one necesarily knows who sings what.  You just hear the songs and have no idea of their names or of the artists who perform them, other for the really really really huge hits and famous people, like "Happy" or like songs from Miley Cyrus or Shakira or whatever.
0	Comcast is really terrible as someone that worked for a call center doing support for Comcast, the objective, as any call center was to process calls as fast as possible, not actually help the customer, so the "best" people at the center would say all the key words in their call and just enough "support", til the customer phoned back angry and I got them and I had to deal with the customer's understandable rage and a super long call that actually resolved all their issues.  Maybe this belongs in /r/callcenterstories
1	Honestly I was pretty annoyed with Elementz as well. Everything he said was justifying what happened and he contradicted himself so many times. He would compliment aggressive play when it worked out and talk bad about it when it didn't. When in reality it's a risk vs reward situation.
0	Well  black history month was ultimately founded; or accepted as the norm, rather, to undo the damage done by institutional racism. It was not until the early 20th century that psychology developed to show the effects that institutional racism was having. [The doll study didn't happen until the 1940's whereas the inception of black history week occurred in the mid 20's, I know, but let us pro-rate it on the same assumption that people had an understanding of gravity BEFORE Newton "discovered" it]   At any rate, the United States' abysmal track record of the 3/5ths compromise, Dred Scott v. Sandford, Jim Crow laws, and Plessy v. Ferguson had undeniably settled at the federal level that blacks were not people, not whole people anyways. This idea filtered down to the grassroots, growing increasingly dissonant as it went, like a long... LONG... game of telephone.   While the federal level, and educated-politicos knew that these rulings did little to exemplify the lesser quality of blacks; to the grass-roots, it was undeniable that blacks were less than human: 'Because the Supreme Court said so!'   So armed with a rudimentary knowledge of how institutional racism works, we were greeted with highlights such as Black History Month, and later Affirmative Action, in an attempt to fix the damage.   The ideal fix would be to stop paying such high reverence to the generation before as having had "figured life out," BUT life is complicated. Which is why we still have things like religion. It's the easiest way to raise children and instill good morals (I'm not saying its the best or only way, it is simply the easiest, which works for the less intelligent. For the record, I am having a bitch of a time trying to explain why violence is bad to my nephew, who got in trouble for pretend 'shooting' his classmates at recess. But then plays nerf with me at home. Religion sort of alleviates this by offering an ultimate judgement for your actions, at least in your formative years [so don't downvote me, atheists. This shit is just complicated] sorry for the tangent)   In summation, we're gridlocked trying to fix the problems of past generations while still venerating them. That's why we have black history month. Should we have it? Probably for at least another 20 years. As I understand it, a good percentage of US citizens are still racist. And that 'Heritage not Hate' motto doesn't fly if you can't accurately describe the basics of federalism v. Anti-federalism.
1	You do realize you would never be able to get BC that early unless you're mid and rush it as your first item, right?   If you're mid you won't get off free Q's, you have to go all in with your E as an initiate.
1	When faker got killed he had the matchup against him (how is kassadin a counter pick to talon?). Lets say Cristiano Ronaldo gets "outplayed" by the other teams winger would you really say that the other player is better overall because Ronaldo played it bad once. Please Faker is the LOL version of Zlatan in Sweden its hard to perform as good as you could when the resources dont allow. it(Resources=Teammates)
0	I'm among the 30%. I think the majority of people that share this gene are just too dumb to realize that its not supposed to taste that way. They keep eating it and thinking "gosh this sure is a strong flavor. I am very sophisticated to enjoy it, just like everyone else who likes it."
0	Funny story that'll probably get lost since this post is now 11 hours old:   When I was sixteen, my best friend had a wealthy grandfather who lived in Florida. He would go to Florida each summer and spend a few weeks down there. Now, he hated it,. His grandfather was a hard ass and all around mean, but to me, it sounded awesome. So I mentioned that I would go with him that summer. He was stoked that he would finally have someone his age there with him, we both had our licenses and his grandpa lived in West Palm Beach which is summer city, full of hot women, and I'd get to finally have a summer that didn't involve sitting around the house the whole time. His grandpa agreed and even bought me my ticket. Man, we were so damn excited.   We talked about it every day for a month. We talked about everything we were going to do, and how many girls we'd meet. Everything was going to be amazing.   The day before our trip finally arrived, and we decided to drive up to the airport early. I mean, really early. Our flight was at 6am, and we drove to the airport at midnight. We didn't care. We were just so excited to go do our own thing. We decided that we'd just go park in the long term lot and hang out for five hours and sleep on the plane. So we got there at midnight, parked and proceeded to dick around in the parking lot for the next four hours.   We threw a nerf football over people's cars. We found a huge spiderweb and caught crickets to put in its web. We played music super loud. We skateboarded down empty roads. Security showed up eventually and thought it was hilarious we were so early for our flight. He checked up on us every now and then but was really cool overall. We had a great time waiting for our awesome adventure to begin.   At about 4am we were sitting in the car getting ready to catch one of the shuttles to the airport. We were getting our stuff together, tickets, hats, sun glasses, etc, when my friend says 'what's the date?' I glanced at my watch and told him it was the sixth. He looked at me and held up the ticket. 'The fucking flight isn't until the 7th,' he said back to me. It suddenly dawned on us that we had driven down on a Friday night for a Sunday morning flight. Also, it wasn't like the airport was close. It was three hours away. After we finally decided that we were idiots and the ticket wasn't wrong, we drove all the way back home and had to walk into my mom's house at 7am to explain to her how dumb we were. She thought it was hilarious.   So we slept half of the day, drove back to the airport with a tenth of the enthusiasm the following morning at like 2am and were all messed up with our sleep by the time we got to Florida.  Really though it ended up being a sign of things to come. The trip sucked. His grandpa made us do like four hours of yard work every day for the first five days of our two week trip. Then, a hurricane popped up and his mom made us both come home six days in.
0	Scumbag teacher story:   He had a crush on my girlfriend at the time and didn't like me, literally for no reason except that. I turned a paper in, on time and he have me a B-. She literally copied what I put, turned it in 2 weeks late and he CIRCLED my entire synopsis (on her paper) saying it was a wonderful and insightful look for the movie. Gave her an A+. I was furious and I should have just ratted all of us out but I didn't want to get in trouble sacrificing my "academic integrity".   There was more instances like this. I would fight him if I ever saw him outside of school. Stupid bitch acted like she deserved it to.
1	Lee is an exceptionally excellent counter, although any champion with a strong lvl 1-5 duel potential will work. Burst is also rather good, as is cc.   Snare especially does wonders.     As a jungler valid counters are:   Lee   Khazix   Nocturne   Pantheon   Udyr   Vi   Wukong   >Your plan should be to take red level one and attempt to catch him at his second buff. Few champions are worse 1v1 at level two than Yi. Whether this is successful or not invest in a green ward or two and keep his jungle warded. One kill on him pays for 4 wards   Warwick gets a special mention, he can't really 1v1 yi but his ult can render a fed yi completely worthless.     As a top laner:   Ryze (Non-skillshot 1.5s snare on a low cooldown, build frozen heart)   Malphite (you destroy his AS and can counter his dives by ulting whoever he q's to)   Jax (you can 1v1 with counterstrike if you're even on items)   >As a top laner vs a jungle yi you should be able to safely exert a lot of pressure as long as you ward river. Depending on your communication and ELO you can organize counter ganks as well.     As mid just look for reliable burst and cc, things like:   Annie (if he doesn't dodge your AoE with q)   LeBlanc (double chains means you kite him hard)   Lux (if you can land snare he's dead)     As an adc you're at the whim of your team, but these champs could give you an edge:   Tristana (your ult can counter his initiate in teamfights and your w is a reliable escape as long as he's used his q)   Varus (the snare, if you can land it, can completely shut him down at any point on the game)   Vayne (if you have the mechanics to play her well just make sure you have ult before extending and fight him near a wall if you can. Counter his q with your condemn and kite him hard, 6 shots should kill nearly any yi)     Support (my domain of choice):   Thresh (If you can land a q onto yi he's done. Cast the q towards his target when he q's for a guaranteed hit. If he doesn't have his ult your kit also has two slows. Worst case scenario you gtfo and send your adc a lantern.)   Lulu (she's the counter-engage queen. You have whimsy to shutdown his damage and your ult and shield to mitigate it. Without his ult your q can render him immobile as well)   Braum (once you're 6 you have two reliable cc's for him to eat and a hard defense to put up for whoever his target is. Wait for him to q, while he's in midair jump to his target and spool up your ult so that it casts when he appears. While he's in the air either hit him with a q or an auto and your team should guarantee a stun. Without his ult you have hard peel with the slows+stun)   Leona (The other supports struggle with his ult negative their slows. Leona doesn't. When he uses his q just prime your zenith blade and jump onto him. Hit him with your q then immediately cast your ult on top of him, he won't be able to dodge it and your adc should be able to burst him with the help of your passive)
1	They really need to just make an Eastern server, NA is huge comparatively to Europe, which has 3/4 servers (EUW, EUNE, Turkey, Russia) The continental US is over 3,000 miles wide, plus Canada is wider, don't forget about Alaska and Hawaii, plus Northeastern Canada in the other direction. There is a lot of land to cover for a single server. Even if they move the servers to St. Louis or Chicago, people are going to be victims of latency problems just simply due to the sheer distance that this server has to cover, along with the current issues regarding ISPs that we are having now. It doesn't make sense to move the servers and have BOTH coasts pissed off.
1	Meh, the showdown is just an official form of house rules (ie first to either fb, 100 cs or turret wins)1v1. I played those before they coded it as a game mode and tons of others did as well. Even if they remove the feature you will still be able to create a custom game and 1v1 with ppl, only difference is that the game doesnt end immediately,  but if you're playing with friends that shouldnt be a big deal, ypu can just both exit the game.
0	So this one time, my boyfriend (now husband) got the bright idea to eat two [Souper Meals]( in one day. Now, if you've ever had these, they have those little flavor packets much like other instant noodle cups and even just one of these things is enough to turn your farts toxic.   We're completely asleep when the gut agony sinks in. He lets one go in his sleep that is so bad that it wakes us both up. No, not because of the sound, but the  smell . My lungs actually seized up and I started dry heaving before I could even figure out what was going on. I managed to crawl to the window and barely get it open to get fresh air in time to avoid throwing up... But for a brief moment I thought I was going to be spending the next day avoiding the downstairs neighbors and trying to figure out how to get vomit out of the window screen.
1	Now I'm no longer on a mobile, and thank god for that.   What I'm trying to get across is that rank =/= your game knowledge   Even in Silver, I know timers, spawns, popular ward spots and how to get around them, but I tend to not apply that in a game because I'm either nervous or forget.   This does not mean that I'm a good player, in fact, I have enough big mess ups to believe I'm IN silver.   My mechanical knowledge isn't very solid (I miss way more CS than I should, I do tend to fuck up combos from time to time, I also have bad grouping habits sometimes), and as such, belong in silver.   That doesn't mean I know nothing about the game, because I do.  I know what items are good for who, why, and map knowledge like spawn timers, matchup potential, and strong warding spots.  I'm still not diamond, but I can think like the diamond players do on the spot   "So yes, you need to be at least diamond or challenger to have a correct opinion."   Like I said before, Montecristo, who is platinum, had a opinion of who would win AND was consistently more correct than two actual diamond players.  A lot of the balance team even happens to not be diamond and challenger, but they still balance the game.  You know why?  Because they have a lot of experience with the game to be informed.   When you see sports analysts (and mind you, LoL is an E-sport), they don't have to be big league players themselves, they just have to know the game enough to make predictions, and analyze plays.  Nobody ever calls them out for being good players if they are or not.   It's experience that matters.  You could be bronze V, watch every single LCS game, and still have formed an opinion.  Does it make that guy right?  Not exactly, but being bronze V doesn't make him wrong by default.
1	AoE Ults   Instant:   Fizz: lvl16+ 450dmg (+ 100% AP)   Gragas: lvl16+ 450dmg (+ 100% AP)   Blitzcrank: lvl16+ 500dmg (+ 100% AP)   Nunu : lvl16+ 1125dmg (+ 250% AP)   Karthus: lvl16+ 550dmg (+ 60% AP)   Cassiopeia: lvl16+ 450dmg (+ 60% AP)   Galio: lvl16+ 616dmg (+ 84% AP)   Ezreal : lvl16+ 650dmg (+ 100% AD) (+ 90% AP) first target, -8% for subsequent   Brand : lvl16+   1050dmg (+ 150% AP) max 3 hits on 1 target, difficult to predict   1750dmg (+ 250% AP) max 5 hits, 4 bounces, splitt dmg   Over time:   Kennen: lvl 16+ 630dmg (+ 120% AP) over 5 sec   Fiddlesticks : lvl16+ 1625dmg (+ 225% AP) over 5 sec   Wukong : lvl16+ 800dmg (+ 480% AD) over 4 sec   Xerath : lvl 16+ 825dmg (+ 180% AP) if you hit all 3 in 12 seconds   Viktor : lvl16+ 910dmg (+ 223% AP) over 7 seconds   I left some champs out because their ults do less dmg compared to those posted. Orianna lvl16+ 300dmg (+ 70% AP), Gankplank lvl 16+ 165dmg (+ 20% AP) and such...   The strongest AoE ult in the game just based on its base value is Brand or Fiddlestricks ult , but there are other things that should be considered: ult as melee vs ult as a ranged champ, role on the team, items etc.   Staying at max range I would consider Brands or Viktors ult very strong. If you want to dive and use Zonya's no doubt Fiddle is the way to go.
0	This will likely get buried, but...   When I was 11, my father decided to remodel our house because my step-mom was expecting my youngest sister. While the house was being remodeled my family stayed with my step-grandma and my dog Rocky (who I'd had since I was 5) was tied to a dog house in the back yard. After the remodel was complete they decided he was too large and hyper to be allowed to come back inside "with the new baby." So my very loved, very inside dog was brandished outside forever.   Fast forward about six months and my dog is mysteriously missing when I got home from school one afternoon. My dad said he had probably run away and would probably come back. So i waited for him. I waited weeks... He never did.   Fast forward until last year, I was 24 and my drunk father admitted that he had shot my dog in the head because "the son-of-a-bitch snapped at" him and he "wasn't feeding a dog who would bite the hand that feeds him." He went on to say the first shot didn't kill him so he shot him again. I literally cannot fathom a parent doing this; mine did.   Rocky was my best friend and I thought he abandoned me. :(
1	I admit Golem is a bit silly   But here lets put it another way. You say the jungle is NERFED. This means that it's worse then before all the gold generation items.   Say you don't get golem, wriggles or whatever. Jungle gives slightly less gold but that evens out quite quickly until it gives more gold. So just by definition. Yes, the jungle did get buffed not nerfed.   Your assumption that most junglers don't need smite is silly and very untrue. The jungle is set up so that all junglers will benefit heavily from it. Nobody clears a whole camp at the same time except maybe shyv, most have to sit there wacking the big creep after the little ones have died, or killing the smaller ones individually. You say 60 gold per clear isn't that much, but then that also scales, and telling me that getting an extra camp per clear is worse then the old jungle is silly.
0	That sub is such a small percentage of the population of reddit, there are people into pretty much everything imaginable. You may as well say "The existence of those people makes me think maybe it's time I quit being human. Maybe."
0	Some asshole didn't tip because of some BS about how he gives God 10%, why should the waitress get an 18% tip, so he crossed out the automatically added gratuity for parties of 8 or more and put zero.   She uploaded it and you could see his signature and people found out who he was or something.
0	Fun fact: lobster is one of the few things that has an inverted cost to quality ratio. If you go to Maine you can get the highest quality lobster for $10 - $15, but if you order lobster in California you might end up paying $90 - $200 for a dish with lower quality meat.   This is because soft shell, or relatively newly molted lobsters, can't survive the shipping process much further than the port they come in at. The hard shell lobsters that can survive that process tend to have less flavorful meat, so you're really paying for presentation and ambiance.
1	This is wrong.   You don't need to land your skillshots on your target, so long as the hit something it will work because of his passive. Ez's damage get's enhanced by landing his shots on the appropriate targets, but with a 5 stack of his passive, you will have +60% faster attack speed (compared to Grave's 80% from E) in addition to his actual skill damage.   If you have equivalent items with an Ez/Graves, straight AAing, Graves will win, yes. But the spammability of Ez more than makes up for the difference. And even if you can't hit your main target, you will still keep up your near permanent +60% AS while throwing in constant 300 damage Q-mini-nukes, with a much longer range than Graves' Q.
0	I had a jack russel, but the low energy model. That dog was wise and would just look right at you in your eyes and hold that stare.That dog was the smartest animal I've ever had. Could open any door to the house, eat food in the cabinet and close all doors on his way back because he know he wasn't supposed to be inside. After 3 years he was scheduled for his pride to be removed. The night before he was to go in he was walking weirdly inside (moved houses) he walked into the wall slowly. My mother held him all night against the wall untill he died at around 2 am. She said right before he did, he looked up at her who was comforting him- looked her in the eyes for the first time that evening- laid his head back down and let out a last full breath and closed his eyes. That was his final breath, he had died.   Mother told me she had sat there crying, with the familys beloved animal in the blanket in her arms.   The next day we had found poisonous mushrooms growing in the corner of the largely fenced in area- and determined he must of eaten them. And the physical effects he had the rest of that day was his body slowly shutting down.   Much much later on, I found it so ironic as he died the day before the operation-- joking lightly with myself as if he knew what we said, and the little bastard we loved said screw that! I'm out!  RIP Two-ey
0	I have never ever seen a guy saying "no" to a girl asking him out. Except the rare occasions where he is married and doesn't belive in second marraige due to religion.   But I am sure you can spot that out easy by ring on the finger and religous quote each 2 mins.
0	Realistically its only a bad place because it got massively screwed up when Europe tried to colonise it. Their arbitrary national borders and rules seperated and antagonised many groups of people. It didnt help that they kept taking people off as slaves by encouraging warlords to capture and sell people. It also didnt help that they considered the natives of Africa to be savages and heathens destroying much of anything intellectual and refusing to teach them anything. They essentially spent years conditioning the people to not think, not ask questions, and destroyed much of the simple knowledge passed down the generations IE. Dont take a dump in your camp. Then after messing up with the entire mentality of the continent, destroying much of the culture, and conditioning people to brutal dictatorships, they left. They didnt try and fix the problems or establish governments or reunite groups of people who they had seperate in the beginning, they just stomped a group of people to dust and left them. As a result warlords took the place of the former coloniel dictators and Africa had to regain its culture, general societal advancement, and intranational cohesion. That being said they have come a long way in the last 150-200 years, if they continue at this rate in another 50-100 years they will be on par with the rest of the developed world.
0	Easier said than done.  Most of the time someone isn't wasting their time trying to text or call unless there has been some kind of interaction in the past.  If one person wants to end the 'relationship' they need to speak up.  Ignoring someone is the cowardly way out.   For instance, I've been talking to a girl for a few months and she hasn't answered me in over a day.  Should I constantly text her and ask her what's up?  No, of course not.  But do I think it's wrong of me to text her in a few days to see how she's doing?  No, I don't think that.  If she wants to end it she can tell me and I would gladly never bug her again if that's what she wanted.
0	Like every sub-community, it has it's vocal crowd. I'm fine with generalizations because I'm smart enough to understand that while a large majority of people ARE a certain way... it doesn't hold true for the entire population. Or...
0	Also as a twenty something American, I'd like to point out  striking similarities with the 8Os pop scene.  In one way it's superficial as fuck that that leads to underground movements like The Butthole Surfers and Sonic Youth that were the precursors to Nirvana and the 9Os.  As much as I disdain the idea of hipsters, the apparently new interest in independent music does allow for musical innovation that eventually seeps into the mainstream.
0	Thats the way it's got to be unfortunately. The emotions will overcome you when you slow down or start remembering what you are trying to forget. The key is actually to stop worrying about what she may think about any of it. Life's about you now, not about her. As hard as it is to do, (and as good as it might feel to ensure she knows she fucked up) the only way to truly remove the pain is to stop caring about what she thinks. There is however something to be said for the "fake it until you make it" method you are attempting. Smiling more can lead to happier thoughts etc. The part I disagree with is the reasoning behind your use of this method. It can't be only because you want her to regret dumping you.   As great as it might feel to have vindication and to "gain the upper hand" as it were, the best revenge anyone can ever gain is really simple. Live a good and happy life, minus her. But you must not worry about whether she will be upset, or how she'll react, or whether she'll regret it, because when you live life for yourself - it stops being about her. Her regret will come, but only if you don't care about making her feel that emotion. (I worry that you might not understand what I mean by this, so let me know if this is confusing.)   I suppose my point is really that if you want to feel better, you've got to at first fake the happiness, and ignore the pain through other activities. And later on, you will begin to smile for real because you've stopped caring about how any of this affects her. Being single is more about living life for yourself (even in a relationship it's important to ensure you are happy).   Anyway that went a bit longer than I meant it to...
1	I am typing this while watching your stream so it might be a bit messy.   Oh holy fuck 10 fps, my eyes are bleeding from watching your stream for a minute. It seems either your computer is made of wood or you are streaming at too high resolution (possibly both) in which case I recommend YOU DO NOT DO THAT!   It seems your team is carrying you at the moment (didn't see the first half of the game so can't be sure what made you die 5 TIMES ON FUCKING UDYR!)   Also you killed, what, 3 dudes on the other team, got Nashor and simply dicked around doing nothing until the enemies respawned AND KILLED YOU! You should push the lanes and/or go back and buy if you are low on health.   I see everyone (including you) missing a fuckton of farm all the time, huge minion waves simply dicking around since there's no one to kill them.   I realize my post is a bit (a lot) offensive but I'm too lazy to edit it.
1	Predicting stuff is something very hard. Just like predicting a WW II. Nowadays it's easy to say that it was too obvious to predict, but at that time, nobody would expect hitler going on rampage and trying to build an empire. Quit being an asshole, future is something very hard to predict.
0	I know I'm going to get a lot of "faggot" responses, but this post feels shitty and wrong to me.  He made a good amount of money by making light of the word faggot, cunt, and nigger.  I am a "faggot" I guess, so whatever.  I believe his act is meant to be satirical and a critique of sensitivity to words.  But I think his act would have been received much differently if he had said, "I would never call a black guy a nigger... unless he was being a nigger."  (That's okay for him, but not Michael Richards?)   I'll apologize for being overly-sensitive, but I wish I could explain the violent Pavlov's dog reaction I have to hearing that word, "faggot."  I grew up in a small town in Indiana.  I got the shit kicked out of me at 14, my mom's property vandalized so many times, and a death threat through the fast food drive-through I worked at.  All of those involved the word faggot.  My senior class voted me a senior award, when my name was announced and I stood up to walk to the stage, I'll never forget the name of the student two rows ahead of me who said loud enough for people around to hear: "fucking faggot."  That's what I thought about on stage in front of the school.   I support the hesitance people have about a society that is so politically correct that you can't offend anyone.  Or even the right to offend  everyone .  However, just because he isn't carlos mencia, doesn't mean he is above using cheap humor that perpetuates a shitty experience for minorities.   [If you haven't watched it.](
0	Read: "Teaching as a Conserving Activity"  by Neil Postman, you'll see why some people are offended by the foul-mouthed
0	It's villain specific, so the answer is always, "it depends."   And as long as we are going to kill the joke, this particular analogue of poker is not a zero sum game, as there are outcomes in which both players profit.  For example, she is bluffing and he calls, knowing she has many bluffs in her range.  He stays with her and gets a favorable outcome. But she also stays with him which must also be a favorable outcome (if not optimal) because otherwise she would have left him and it would not have been a bluff in the first place.   Thus, her bluffing and him calling is plus EV for both of them.  There are many other interpretations we can come to regarding this situation that makes it more complex than you would normally think of a two possible outcome game, depending on the relative utility each of them receives from staying or leaving the relationship.
0	You're right, teachers do still have to work over summer to better their teaching abilities, attend teaching clinics, develop and set the curriculum for the future and much more I'm sure. But think about all the ways students are bettering themselves as well over summer break (or at least have the opportunity to). From the younger ages with summer camps and other things to learn different life lessons. Whether it be getting out and being social with others at weekly summer camps, or learning how to build a fire with boy scouts. Or possibly playing with other kids on recreational sports teams, etc. This opens up different ways of team building for the kids and different learning tactics in irregular environments. Sure it's not necessarily "working" but kid are sure as hell learning some big things everyday that will help set the stone for the rest of their lives. Or what about college kids? Sure they can take summer school and take classes year round. But being able to take the summer internship will benefit them tremendously in the long run. Hell, some students  need  the summer job to continue to attend college. I hope it doesn't sound like i believe teachers are pointless and don't actually work  that  hard. They really do work hard, it is astonishing. Teachers are under-appreciated. But that week break in the middle of each semester could be used to the advantage for both the students and the teachers. We all need to step away from school/work for a little while.
1	What does that even mean? I like a new team that wins competitions. What a band wagoner! It's so much trendier to like lower tier teams? I was merely commenting on the fact that I think it's extremely unlikely.   Then again if I was a the league equivalent of a Cubs fan I'd probably be salty toward winning teams too.
0	But then how else would the spouse get paid to stay at home?   Source - I'm from a small town where you either went to college or the military. Most of my buddies took the latter of the two options, joined right out of high school. The worst stories I ever heard from them were about the crazy spouses of one person or another. I always asked why they were married/with them in the first place. And the story would generally go something like, "got pregnant, then decided to get married for the extra pay. Now I can't get rid of him/her (the spouse, not the child).
1	i wanted to play with a buddy on eu-ne, so i made an account, playing an ad carry is almost impossible, because everyone stops laneing and just runs around randomly after 10 min, so ur at around 90 cs and have no real items and have absolutely no impact on the game as an ad, so you can hope they make retarded plays to get feed off of them and get to ur core build to become effective, soo frustating. Ur team mate pushes donw the turret at 4 min and then noone bothers farming that lane so its always pushed and it just goes to waste, you cant farm it since the entire enemy team is MIA 24/7
1	The problem with the NA Expansion is that there are 3-4 teams that are good, 2 teams that are decent and the rest are trash.   On the other hand, the EU Expansion has no confirmed players basically lol. MIL performance depends largely on how Ryu and H0ro are working out if they haven't lost their edge. NiP and has no roster as far as I know. SKP bought up a fair team but doesn't look like a hot contender. H2k lost key players, Reason gaming is full of non contenders. Nobody knows what the fuck is going on with G2 but they do have a roster at least for now. So it looks like we have MIL as the current favorite to make it back like they always seem to, n!faculty looks reasonable and perhaps a top contender, and of course Unlucky Rejects as a somewhat favorite as well.   So it looks like in EU we have 3 teams total that are even remotely in contention. Who knows maybe it will be a surprise dark horse or something but the majority of the big talent that wasn't already in LCS is either set to be acquired or already acquired. NA Expansion however has Fusion as a team of low tier lcs talent that might have found their feet together but we'll see. CoL Black which is basically just LCS Complexity with the bad bits cut out. Coast which got some fair EU talent but they are on the downswing so who knows, Cris is also a massive weakness that CA dropped out of their roster. Speaking of which Curse Academy got rid of their two weaker players and got a competent ADC and top and are the #1 favorites to take a spot but a passive jungler might hinder that.  Team LoLpro is kind of a dark horse favorite with a seemingly good mid laner and competent players at the other roles. NME is probably the lowest tier team with a shot but who knows how it will go. CoL white is along with the rest of the teams that have absolutely no shot. From my perspective you have more higher profile talent in the NA Expansion and a lot of fan favorites so it makes it a bit more exciting in my opinion.
1	Well, Zed as a whole has fallen so helplessly out of meta right now, there isn't much to say to him but RIP. FotM champs shitting out shields/heals, exhaust broken AF vs. assassins, bork active nerf.. merc scim buff, ADC's getting buffed items..   In the jungle he provides to be quite honest, horrible cc for ganks, and his gapclose doesnt really provide any means of sticking without bork / ult since the slow is neglible, has no built in sustain, and that honestly together means he'll never be a top tier jungle.
0	the metaphor you use may apply to both   That was me acknowledging the parallel. This conversation is becoming a bit of a farce. We're arguing semantics at this point. Allow me to further elucidate my stance. I think you'll agree that we're all making similar, mutually-non-exclusive points, but are unable to see that as a result of the fact that we're [that includes me] nitpicking over fine details rather than stepping back to see the big picture.   The buyer is a douchebag. The seller could have prevented aforementioned douchebag (scumbag) behavior, by doing his due diligence. Therefore, the scenario at hand was enabled by the seller's negligence. Even if said douchebaggery had not occurred, YES, the buyer would still be a douchebag.
0	I've seen both sides of the coin in regards to the attitude vs environment argument.  I have a couple friends who are the scumbag types that can't hold a job, more like choose to not hold a job, and then game any situation where they can live off of some settlement or unemployment for as long as possible.  Then I also have the majority of my friends who work excessively hard, and the only ones out of us that are doing well are the ones that went into software and networking.   Stagnant wages are a big deal though.  Prior to my career change, a good friend of mine who is the same age started with a startup making around 60K, was at 80k by the end of the year and 120k the following year.  He hasn't been paid less than 120K in a decade at this point.  I was working in the recording industry, and I largely made the switch to software because it was something I was good at and always had been as a hobby, and work in the music industry was difficult with the advent of high quality digital recording at home.  The difference is I started around 10k less than my buddy did, and in years I'm seeing myself not getting big raises.  A big reason why is I started with a startup, and we have been bought twice, once by a slightly larger company that is US based, and then again last year for about a billion by a huge multinational corporation.  Since those acquisitions, my job title has changed a few times (Average salary for the title in my area is a solid 6 digit salary).  However, they have no incentive to pay people for the title changes, so I've gotten a measly $350 raise on my yearly salary in the past year.   The only thing that will change my salary is me leaving this job for greener pastures, and that is a big difference.  My father grew up EXCESSIVELY poor (like if his father didn't take someone for their money at the pool table that week, they had to decide between food or electricity) and he was able to make a solid middle class - upper middle class salary with nothing more than a high school education and manual labor.  He has worked at the same company for over 30 years, same with my mother, she has worked for the same hospital system for 30+ years as well.  You can't just work for one place and be treated well by your company anymore, regardless of how loyal you are.
0	Right, and in a perfect world, those employees would always get that money. In the real world, a server who claims less than minimum wage is going to get accused of underclaiming tips and be fired (or threatened with it), particularly in a right-to-work state.   I have literally never heard of a server actually receiving money from their employer to make up the difference to minimum wage.   Obviously, speaking only from my experience.
1	Monte loves the sound of his own voice more than anything. You always have to take that into consideration, and take everything he says with a grain of salt.
0	I got a list of about 30 different sites, but for the most part, they all just post duplicates of most of the same jobs.     Monster and Careerbuilder are the best     Glassdoor somehow has more good, targeted jobs but not as many     engineeringclassifieds has decent listings but their search function is such crap it's nearly impossible to use     mostly I use recruiters like Aerotek, et al, but they mostly staff specific positions that (genuinely) require experience     ZipRecruiter is hit-or-miss but useful     Indeed and simplyhired don't have a way to filter out shit (basically the Pinterest of job searches), but do have some listings if you have the patience to sift through life insurance and personal trainer spam     What  you actually search for has an effect on the experience level you'll see.  Generally, listings for "engineer I" mean entry-level, "engineer II" are 3-5 years experience - you can exclude those search terms.   Any place that lists internships is an awesome place to apply - they're obviously looking for something entry-level.  If to get a callback, tell them you're considering grad school it really want to get into the workforce - maybe want to stay on full time or go back to school but not decided.   Some places just ask for too much - I swear they're delusional - like they want an engineer with 3-5yrs experience to relocate to some shit town for $55k, then they complain to the Dept of Labor complaining that there are no good engineers out there.   Some places  intentionally  ask for too much - like if they want to hire foreigners and get a work visa,
1	For me playing League has lately become more of a nuisance, while still having enjoyable moments. So to aid with my mindset I have started to do some rituals before every game. While in Loading Screen i get to do the things in need to prepare my game, i make sure to have water accessible (nothing fancy as softdrinks, while on the computer often you don't notice how much you're drinking/eating, so water is the healthiest[there was a time i drank about 1 litre of coke during a ranked]), then i do Push-ups, i started with 5 (i was really living unhealthy), now i am up to 80 on lon loading screens. To me it also helps opening a window from loading screen til first recall, fresh air helps you think faster. The rest are all small things: Is the seat the right height, are you hungry, are you exhausted from something.
1	It's not so much about countering an enemy ADC. There's no point to playing Graves if the opposing lane picks Ashe and your team comp is a poke comp, or if the opposing team has strong AoE teamfights.   It's more about picking an ADC that better compliments your team comp, such as picking Caitlyn in a poke comp and Miss Fortune in an AoE-orientated comp (Curse of the Sad Bullet Time - Amumu + MF, as an example). If both teams are running the same comp, you want to pick an ADC that better suits the comp than the opposing player's ADC suits their comp.   You also have to take the opposing support and your support in mind when you make your pick - picking Kogmaw into Blitzcrank with Soraka support is absolutely suicide unless there's a big skill gap between you and the opposing players, but that goes for any pick.
1	I've heard this response many times, and totally get it, however I don't  really  agree with the whole intimidation factor. If you're playing ranked, you're most likely (and should be) playing with people in your MMR range therefore everyone is around the same skill level and no one should be intimidated by someone with a silver border, while in silver divisions.   I mean, if I'm gold V and I see the mid laner I'm facing has a plat border, I'm going to think he's not very good at all because he's dropped so many leagues. Now to counter that you may say "well that's what happens when you or other people in your game are Duo-ing, you get matches like that, and again I agree with that, in fact, I experience that every time I duo, which brings up another problem with LoL's silly matchmaking that they should address.   Anyways - going back to borders, I know myself and EVERY friend and person on my friends list whom I play with, uses Lolnexus or OP.gg or whatever other sites, during loading screens and in game. Riot clearly doesn't mind these third party website (otherwise they would have done something about it by now). On the sites you can view everyone's current and past ranks, which defeats your whole argument about the "Intimidation Factor", players ranks are already public, just not as easy as being displayed by a border. And for those who don't use the sites, well maybe it's time you should (obviously to improve your gameplay i.e seeing your opponents runes/masteries, and skill level with that champion) or they should 'man' up and play to their best ability and not worry about someone else's achievements on this game.
1	Hi, main support player here, and also a big Karma Fan :). I also bought her before lvl 30 and played many games with here, most on support. Which is a bit different from mid, and other support, since your support with Karma is most efficient on a melee Carry.   I've done a lot of testplaying with the adc players I mostly play, normals and duoq and there are actually many melee carries that perform very well with Karma in duo lane. I feel the hate you got for your mid pick. I got many with my duo partner, but we helped ourself out of that with 5man premate games.   I love how you pointed out, that people are buying Karma now, for the free skin. But most of my friends I recently talk to, through the 5man games, had Karma before, since we play draft from time to time and we wanted to do some trading and stuff. And they believed me after some games, that she is actually efficient on support, if you get the right carry on your side.   Why I write this, for my part fking long comment? I guess you inspired me. :) Thank you for that. I haven't done so many games lately with karma, since my team never wanted to get that since meta changes and so on. From now on I will try to get myself some more Karma play, so I am worth the skin :).
1	the big problem i see with bringing back a 100 AD item (in this case if it were BT or reaver, also with lifesteal) is that for almost any ADC it will be a preferred purchase over the other AD items simply because of the overall trading power it provides. when BT was popular it was because even for auto based ADCs like cait and draven it just offered so much up front trading damage and sustain there was no item that could beat it. rushing IE would lose you trades because you would be behind in AD due to a longer build path and BorK was only really valuable on hypercarries that had other means of damage such as true damage/percent hp (i.e. vayne/twitch/kog, though it wasn't inherently bad on lucian, ez, etc.). given the nerfs to the BorK active, despite it still being a dominant pickup in terms of lifesteal itemization, a 100 AD item with lifesteal would outclass it for the entire laning phase like BT always did. while I agree that caster based ADCs are no longer as strong as they used to be, bringing back an item that favors them so heavily will only bring back the dominance they once had and potentially shove out some of the hypercarries that have weak laning phase, and also bring back favoring ADCs who work better with a flat AD item over BorK early on as it will outclass BorK so heavily.
1	It is absolutely core on Kog'maw, first off. It is also a great item on WW because it procs on his ult, 6 times I think. It is core on Teemo, because what else do you build on him? It greatly benefits Vayne. but is not "core." Shaco uses it very well, because his ult procs it as well, making it 8% per hit. There are others were it is good, but I think that covers all the characters that have it as a core build. It is really only good for most AD carries if the enemy is stacking health, were as Black Cleaver is for armor.
1	Edit: Down votes for facts. Welcome to /r/leagueoflegends   >you just need a pair of boots   I don't think you understand just how short a period of time .75 seconds is. Even .95 seconds including the windup.   Lets do some math. Ahri's base movespeed is 330. With boots 1 she's at 355.   Veigar's E is 375 units wide. That means if you cast it right on top of them, they have to go 187.5 units to get out of it. Seems easy, right? Should be able to do that in under half a second. Except that it's physically impossible to react that quickly. [The average human reaction time is 215 milliseconds, or .215 seconds]( This means that the champion is already lost 40.3 game units worth of time not moving.   If we add that onto the 187.5 units required to get out, we get 227.8. Cool, still should only take .65 seconds to get out of it. Though we're getting dangerously close to the .75 second delay. But no problem.   But lets factor in ping.   If we follow [this survey that took place last month]( we can say on average people have ~90 ping. Factoring in location, player density, and overall ping.   That means you're adding another 90 milliseconds on that, or .09 seconds. In that time you could've gone ~16 game units of distance.  227.8 + 16 of course is 243.8. Still not the biggest difference, but I wanted to make sure the numbers were accurate.   So that means, if we take 243.8/355 we still have about .68 seconds worth of movement before we are out of Veigar's cage perimeter. That means there's a <0.1 second window of escape before you fail to exit the cage. Just under .3 if we're including the wind-up for the animation, which Riot has already said they're going to work on tweaking.   So there you have it. Yes, you can get out of Veigar's cage. But your window of opportunity is <0.1-<0.3 seconds, assuming you try to move out of it (which I would say most players do). If you don't, well you're stuck in this cage now for  3 whole seconds  in which a jungler can get down some damage or cc on you and Veigar can full combo you.
0	Dude, I thought we went over this. Your mom has undoubtedly taken a big ol load all over her face from your dad at some point. Not one of those weird thick loads that are about the consistency of boiled glue, but a big liquidy, well hydrated shower of a load. That shit was all in your mom's bangs, her eyelids, dripping down her chin, the whole 9 yards. (Super sad cause that's basically like your brother but your mom keeps scooping that shit into her mouth and making an overly exaggerated poping noise when her fingers break the vise like threshold of her lips) during this time your mom probably stored the smell of your dad's cum in her mind. Your cum probably doesn't smell much different.
1	I bet after month or two, Czaru will find new team. He have biggest chances to get into LCS team, maybe Millenium cause Kerp can only play LB. What about rest? Kubon need team with good jungler, he need one early gank to dominate, Libik he is good Thresh, best Zyra so he can find some good team but not in LCS. Mokatte he should does pause from LoL, Makler if he will fit into meta, he can find good amature team.
1	I had his happen last night and thought it was going to be the shortest game ever. We had Tryndamere, Udyr, Warwick, Shyvanna and Nunu.. so yes a little harass with Nunu, but we were up against Lux, Ez, Volibear,  Sona and Kassadin. They had all of our towers down before we had touched one of theirs. We won a team battle and were able to knock out their inhib in one big push. Turned out to be an epic 34 minute battle and we came back and won. Was much more fun than we thought it would be. Sorry for the wall, just wanted to share that it's not always a bad thing.
0	still don't think it's right" - You've missed the point: what you think is irrelevant.  Nobody is asking you to approve; you're simply not welcome to provide comment on others' business where it has absolutely no effect on you.   As far as "throwing it in your face", if that's actually, literally happening to you, you're either spending time in the wrong bars or giving off a very wrong signal.  Pro tip: this isn't happening, to you or anyone.
1	Support is a function I believe, not necessarily a role. Currently we are designating the second person in the bottom lane as "support" but really, an Orianna mid is often just as much a support as an Annie or Morgana "support".   I say that support is a function, because you are intended to do just that, support. Thresh is super strong because he can peel for days and create opportunities for the team. He is supporting the team. The same applies to an Orianna or Lulu (or whatever support mage) in the mid lane. Orianna hits that ultimate and creates an opportunity for her team to make huge plays, much like a tibbers, binding, or crescendo.   Carries as a function deal massive damage. The ADC (or marksman now) is solely responsible for dealing massive damage. However, some marksmen are supports (Ashe for example). She provides massive opportunities for her team with the Enchanted Crystal Arrow.   My point here is that the labels we have assigned to these champions or positions are not necessarily all encompassing, and should be evaluated on a case by case basis.
1	laught so hard, was thinking the same.
0	I agree that selection will favor behaviour to select a healthy mate, however  a healthy mate depends on the environment and what forces are influencing selection. Note fitness as an evolutionary term, does not mean the most 'fit' as many use the word in the vernacular to describe someone with a lean body, indicative of someone that eats well and exercises. Fitness in an evolutionary context is the rate/ability for an individual to reproduce and create successful progeny. It can be used somewhat synonymously with the term 'reproductive fitness'.   If we look at different cultures, and different times, having fat was a phenotype that was desirable, and could have signalled reproductive fitness. Fat indicated that an individual was able to procure resources, enough so that not only the basic bodily energy requirements of the individual was not only met, but that there was actually a surplus. (Selection factor: good resource gatherer, useful in times of food shortage, if a male has a bit of extra weight, then it means he may be a good provider of resources to his mate)   Also, for women the process of gestation requires great caloric resources and for a woman to have a bit of reserve would signal that they possessed sufficient resources to maintain a pregnancy to term and breastfeed. (Though research has shown it's more the waist-to-hip ratio, over actual weight that may play a greater role in attractiveness in terms of reproductive fitness). (Selection factor: female more likely to be successful at getting pregnant, bring a pregnancy to term and breastfeeding, and higher reproductive fitness).   You can see in the sculpture of fertility goddesses (we’re going way back here to 28,000 to 25,000 BCE) example [The Venus of Willendorf]( that previous cultures veiwed it not as a negative, but most likely these served as fertility statues. Even more recent the Rubenesque period, but at this time, and even up to the 1800s, the Rubenesque body shape was the more highly desired when compared to todays 'ideal' barbie woman.   Evolution, in the past wouldn't necessarily select for the women in the media and many of the stick women that are deemed as 'healthy' based on weight  alone, many are too weak (not enough muscle mass) to be selected for (even in hunter/gatherer societies, women still have to gather).   I understand your point, I just don't think yu are taking into account that one of the greater challenges in the evolutionary environment, wasn't necessarily predators (hell, we (early humans)/Neanderthals helped to kill off the wolly mamouth), even then, we were a dominant species. It would be more a kin probably to living in the woods with bears/cougars/mountain lions/coyotes now adays.   hopefully that made sense, I've been wriing it in bits and pieces on breaks
0	Trust me I could write an 18 page paper on how public schooling in particular does a bad job with smart students.  (Funny because I did for my Master's degree.)  We focus ALLLLLLLLL of our attention on low performing students all year long because well, our school gets a Letter grade at the end of the year.  And if you don't get these kids to perform, then we are screwed.  (I teach at a low income inner city type school.)   I make a concerted effort every single day to challenge my more talented students.  Some teachers don't, and they suck.  I don't suck.
0	You complaining about 19?   We've been having temperature fluxes from -2 to 13 degrees every day. Oh, that's in Celcius by the way.
0	I recall reading somewhere that the timing on yellow lights is determined by how long it would take a fully-loaded 18 wheeler to come to a complete stop while going at the speed limit. The higher the speed limit, the longer the yellow should last... but I suppose that's if big trucks travel on those roads.
0	My neighbour rents half of a duplex and recently had a fire. She was thankfully alright, but one room was destroyed and the rest of her half of the house was smoke and water damaged. If she didn't have renter's insurance, she would not be able to get replacements of anything as her land lord didn't buy content insurace, just standard insurance.
0	Story time. During college, my roommate had a friend who was pretty dull and also did a lot of partying/drugs/etc. So during our "formative" years, my roommate and I ended up doing a bit of coke. Dull friend ended up wanting my roommate to sell him coke, so my roommate sells him crushed up caffeine pills and asprin(to make it white). It ended up coming out a bit yellow(due to the caffeine pills) so my roommate convinced dull friend that it was acid based cocaine. Dull friend throws out the, "oh yeah, I've heard of that!"  In the end, dull friend thinks he is addicted to cocaine and pleads my roommate to not sell him anymore.
0	That's incredibly stupid. They're forcing people who don't need to come to class every day to pass.. to go anyway, for what? Some people have jobs, or kids, or health problems.. I balanced a lot of shit on my way to graduating college, managed Bs and Cs by following the syllabus and figuring out which classes are actually difficult and which ones i only need to show up for if there's a test. The school and most of my professors were cool with it as long as I got the work done. In all those four years, only one professor failed me for excessive absences, she said i had a C but too many misses knocked me down to a 52%. It was a "diversity" elective I was forced to take, the entire subject is mostly just rehashed poly sci. material, so to me it was waste of money, but easy pass right? Without warning, she let me know i was failing badly and acted like me not showing up was disrespectful, so hurting her feelings cost me thousands of dollars and almost forced me to drop out. You fat, ugly, pompous, fraud, scumbag.. all responses running through my head as I walked out of her office, well aware there's no recourse I could take in this case and hurling insults would only confirm her assumption that I'm just some punk. I'm far from the only person who practiced this, everyone knows grades get you nothing in the real world, just the degree. My point is, colleges and professors who absent fail people are treating them like children and possibly ruining lives. They think they're standing up against slackers, but really they're wasting a lot of students time and just fucking people over. More people need to check ahead when applying to colleges for this crap because they don't deserve your money.
0	The problem is that all parties are guilty of perpetuating racism, for example, I am mixed (Black, White, and Indian) and I am relatively well spoken, advanced vocabulary, proper grammar, etcetera.  A lot of people in the white community say I'm black due to the color of my skin  and everyone in the black community say I'm white due to the lighter color of my skin and the way I speak. However I choose not to identify with a race but everyone behaves as if I need to.
0	When I was a kid I took swimming lessons and learned the basics, later my dad (who was a Lt. Commander in the Navy, and great swimmer) started to teach me some of the stuff my swim instructors didn't. Drown-proofing and alike.   One of the things he taught me was how to throw a proper punch while treading water. I thought it was rather odd, but he explained that when people panic they will do ANYTHING to survive. Sometimes a drowning man will try to climb up his rescuer to get out of the water, and push the rescuer under. This happened to my dad somewhere in the middle of the Indian ocean. He was on the CV-16 Lexington and for whatever reason (I don't remember) someone was in the water and needing help. My pops watched as the rescue divers went in and the drowning guy started freaking out, trying to climb up the diver to get out of the water. The diver had to knock the guy out and swim him back. Broke his nose, but at least he lived.
1	Tbh, I was really suprised with lemondogs, let me tell you why   Their botlane was superior in the early game, and had proper team fights certainly not worse then koreans. I would say when they were like 2k gold ahead they lost presense cause their midlane pick didnt work out, If they had lets say banned ahri, and took another mid matchup a bit more even I would really wanna see where this game would have went. Malphite had really good ults. I didnt feel they really got outplayed or stomped, just midlane matchup obviously lost them the game.
0	Funny story.   My friend flew into the Phillippines from Hong Kong last summer. He was on his way to see a girl he'd met on a previous trip to Boracay with some douchecanoe who was trying to score a mail order bride. Didn't work out for the douchecanoe, but that's another story.   My friend and the girl he met, they weren't serious. But he liked her, and he sensed it could go that way eventually. While planning this return trip, he decided to cross one off the bucket list.   So my friend flew into Manila from Hong Kong. Having a full day to fuck off in Manila before catching the ferry to Odiogan, he booked a room at a nice "hotel," one with toilet paper and plumbing.  He chose this hotel for its "amenities." Well, four girls and 24 hours later, he received an "invoice" for "room service." The "invoice" didn't reflect the prices on the "menu," and he said so.   Enter six pygmy Filipino men armed with tiny baseball bats. After debating the odds, he decided to just pay the $1000 bill.
1	If you're adc is bad, you gotta be the super secret support carry. You have to make it impossible for your adc to not get the kill cough Madlife cough Edward cough. I've literally had games where I had to build items like zeke's herald so that my I could keep my asshat carry alive who didn't feel like building lifesteal(also gave me some damage so I could shove kills down his throat...)   If the enemies are somewhat competent then the most you can do is try to make sure your carry out farms them... so zone like a mofo, or get some auras going to help ur adc last hit if they are spazzing out on the keyboard. also take any cs he's going to miss, no matter how much that carry flames... they lost that privilege...   Most Importantly, do not sacrifice yourself for said carry. We do not need two feeders in the game, you can usually come back from one, but two... not so much... If you know you can save him and get out, go for it. other than that its not really worth it   Just get into the zone and carry for your carry(while letting him get the last hits lol).   If all else fails, the laning phase will end soon, so just try to prevent disaster for as long as possible...   Other people are saying to roam, which is a good idea, if you think you carry won't die 5 more times while u roam.
1	While they are at it, revert brush and vision changes.   TRINKETS.... MUST.... BE.... REMOVED (DIE IN HELL)
0	Do you remember that post on the front page a while ago where this dude met another guy on a boat somewhere in like Norway or something and ended up saving his life because the guy was actually going to kill himself that night except he met OP and OP talked to him about life and gave him a new outlook all while OP didn't know that the guy was depressed enough to want to commit suicide.
1	I just start using him in the jungle. First ranked game 10 minutes ago. The whole team had a very weak start, specially top since Lee Sin camped Vlad and Riven tend to snowball.  Atm I was 6, team was 4/10 loosing turrets. So I basically ganked Vlad a few times and hoped for the rest of the team to farm as much as we could, since early Lee Sin game was flawless about ganks and taking my camps. They warded our jungle, so I bought oracles, dewarded our jungle and let my team farm a little more before tfs'.  While my teammates tried to farm under Lee Sin's pressure, I tried to farm myself up as much as I could, shutdowning Riven and finally taking Lee Sin in my jungle to get insta-slained.
1	Hi Reddit,   This is SeasonsCall here with a post directed to the lower elo community (silver-bronze) about understanding the assassin class.   You may remember me from a post a while back about how I managed to get into Diamond (im still stuck btw lol). But even if I have trouble climbing the ladder, after recieving a lot of positive feedback from my article I thought I would try to contribute more to the League community by writing more content.   So if you guys have any legitimate constructive criticism, lay it on me. If there is anything you guys want to see then let me know and I will try to create it. Any likes or dislikes about how this is written are things I would like to know so I can improve the quality of my future content.   Thanks   SeasonsCall
0	tried that once. backfired. went something like this:   She snaps. I ask how her day was. She gets defensive: "Why? Oh, It was  great . How was  your  day? (in the most frightening tone)
0	I rode my bike to the park (very nice neighborhood) with my 2 year old son. I considered not stopping there since there was a group of 6-10 yr old girls having a picnic near the playground. I decided to go ahead and not deprive my son of a fun couple of hours at the park. I'd just keep him on the other side of the play set to avoid any misunderstandings.   About 5 minutes after I showed up, the girls packed their shit and left.  Awesome , I thought,  now I can enjoy this time with my kid without being afraid someone is going to think I'm a creeper . Right? Right!?   Wrong. 10-15 minutes later mom and dad come bearing down on me asking me who I am, why I'm in the park, who my son is, what I did to frighten their daughter and her friends... WHOA!! I calmly tried to explain I was just in the park letting my son play, and that we come to this park a couple of times a week because it's close and his grandparents live in the neighborhood. They weren't listening at all, and I could tell dad wanted to escalate things.   Luckily there was a family setting up for a birthday party near the playground, and the mom came over and told this couple that she had taken note of me as soon as I arrived and hadn't seen me doing anything other than being a good dad playing with his son at the park. God bless that woman, after hearing her talk mom & dad settled down, apologized, and left.   I can't imagine what would have happened if that woman hadn't come to my aid, probably a call to the cops, possibly a physical confrontation, and all in front of my son.
1	I mean it's not like I said "here's an exaggerated comparison to drive home the point" before i gave the example is it? So what if it's a product meant to make money? In the end it's still a free  service . You aren't entitled to it, so to appear demanding or bashing is really really rude. They are giving it to you for free so the reason people say "i don't mean to bash riot" are trying to give criticism while trying not to appear  ungrateful  or  demanding .
0	I certainly can't speak for everyone, but I tend to dislike hunters because I've never personally met one that was reasonable or responsible about it. Murdering animals to them is more than a way to get food, more than sport - it's purely for fun and bragging rights. Many of the ones I've met don't give half a fuck what season it is; if they see something they want to shoot, they'll shoot it because "no gov'ment can tell me how to live my life" or "God put animals on this Earth so we can eat them." There's always some argument for them to be above everyone else.   To give you a bit more insight, I've seen people go out and kill 3-4 deer for a family of 5 adults. They then realize they only want 1 or maybe 2, so they leave the rest there to rot because "it's natural and other animals will eat it". So they bring home their 1-2 deer, talking the whole way back about how awesome it was that they missed the first few shots and crippled the animal, and how great it was to watch it slowly die (of course, they didn't put it out of its misery because that's a waste of bullets - you only shoot again if it'll get away). They get home, instantly throw away perfectly good meat in the freezer to make room, and "clean" the deer where everyone in the neighborhood can see. Freeze it, eat a couple of meals from it, then repeat next weekend...   Are most hunters like this? Absolutely not. I'm positive that this isn't common whatsoever. In fact, I'm pretty positive this is a rarity made 'common' purely because of the protection of small-town IncestJesusville, KY. But do I think about it every time someone says they hunt? Absolutely. I'll always relate hunting - no matter how reasonable - to selfish, psychopathic behavior.
1	All champs are hard in their own way. As a mid laner if you win lane you should look to roam and win other lanes however if you lose the lane the other mid will roam and then possibly beat you in teamfights. As support u have to do a lot for your ADC on minimal items and make sure they can make it to lategame. ADC has to be mechanically strong and have good positioning. Jungle is the easiest role however it requires good game knowledge as to be dominant you must know how the other jungler will play dependent on the champion and you must know where you can gank according to summoner spell cooldowns. Then you have toplane. Toplane is typically the most forgiving lane. Fact is you are vulnerable to ganks but you mainly are on a 1v1 island and can choose safer champs with escapes and are more tanky.
0	The same has been said about the "conflicts" the US gets 'involved' with. For whatever reason (corrupt or not), those directing the system aren't going to undo or even slowdown the direction we're heading towards.   I think the problem is literally the system itself; a complex system where secrecy has grown by orders of magnitude; it amplifies its power with technology, money, politicians, weapons and media.
0	When I first started dating my current girlfriend she would text me and I would go to respond but my sister would always tell me "don't respond right away, you want to ignore her a little bit!"   I explained to my sister that if the only way I was going to get this girl to like me was to ignore her I didn't want her in my life.   Three years later we are still dating and have the most amazing relationship I could ask for.
0	Polio is highly infectious, but only displays symptoms in, like, 2% of all cases [EDIT: 24%]. And of that two [EDIT: 24%] percent, 1% or so become paralyzed, and an even smaller subset actually die. Based on this, you may think it's not important to get vaccinated, but I'll tell you why that's not the case...   Polio is still endemic to a few countries (i.e. Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Nigeria), and has probably been reintroduced into Syria: it's still important to get vaccinated against it. Because of the fact that so few people show symptoms of infection, if it were reintroduced into the U.S., it is possible that it could spread to hundreds of people before anyone started to show any signs of infection. Exacerbating this point is the fact that the virus is shed through human excrement, so it's really easy to pass from person to person through food and water (especially in the summer time, when people are swimming), meaning that all those hundreds of people who became infected and didn't show any symptoms would be unintentionally exposing hundreds of more people to the virus, and you'd have an epidemic.   The most important obstacle that the virus would have to surmount to create this epidemic, would be something called herd immunity. The basic principle is that if enough people are immune (in this case, through vaccination), the pathogen (polio virus) wouldn't be able to spread through a population very well, simply because it wouldn't have enough susceptible hosts to infect, and would then run its natural course and die out. (This is actually how the polio eradication efforts worked in non-industrialized nations in the '80s: they would get census data and figure out who was infected, then vaccinate all the people who were in their immediate area and at risk. We didn't actually vaccinate the whole world.)   Hopefully the right people see this and spread the word to people who don't really understand how vaccines work from a public health perspective!   Also, to the comments below me, you're right: there is a TB vaccine, it just doesn't work very well. I think there was a new drug released last year to combat TB. The problem with TB is that it is ALSO extremely infectious, however there isn't that herd immunity going on. Lots of people, probably about 1/3 of the world, are actually infected with the TB bacterium RIGHT NOW. However, it's an opportunistic pathogen, meaning it doesn't really cause disease in most healthy people, or if it does, it could take years, maybe decades, for it to do so (one reason is that it takes so long to grow. Up to three weeks for a colony to grow on agar in a lab.) There also isn't a spectacular way to screen for TB. The method most widely used is a century old, and can't differentiate between an active infection, a non-active, or a previous one.
1	Riot screwed over Veigar players with their rework and most of the community say we the 200 people who play Veigar shouldn't have a voice in the matter....   So do you really think that only 20 people who play Dominion should matter? No, Ascension was the better Dominion in all ways possible. Dominion is just "Pick Akali/Kat" every game and think you're good lol.
0	You see, some person finds something (snowden). Then journalists write about it, and some redditor shares it with us (usually with some false headline) and a group of redditors start what we call a circle jerk. Now, in a circle jerk logic holds no place and people with terrible ideas (revolution) are backed up, and anyone who has a different opinion gets downvoted into oblivion.
0	about 2 weeks ago when my neighbors, a couple who im very cool with, were in the process of moving out and the caught a flat tire. The girl calls the HONDA DEALERSHIP, to come and fix the flat. me and my girlfriend come back from getting frozen yogurt, and our neighbor is literally crying in the parking lot for our building.   Turns out she has to be somewhere severely important in an hour, and the mechanic they sent would be there in a little more an hour. So I go upstairs to my apt and drop some things off and come down to try and help a little, maybe even try to get it all done. As im helping her i slowy realize she: A) Didnt know where the jack in her car was. 2) Didnt know she even had a spare(donut). And Gamma) Had never read her owners manual.   I was just so dumbfounded and she wasnt even paying attention while i was trying to teach her! UGH. i mean im 28 and she and her boyfriend are 23 but STILL. he apparently wasnt helping i found later because he doesnt know how to change one either! i couldnt imagine them on a lone highway at night and that happening...
0	The packaging for a case is  not necessarily good for an assembled PC.  Way more weight,  much more fragile components.  Most packaging now is designed to handle the product it contains and nothing more. You might get lucky, but that's not what it's designed for.
1	Then you must not play Sona very well. Sona's empowered auto attack after using w reduces her targets damage output by a considerable amount. Basically a mini exhaust. Her empower auto attack after using e leaves her target very much slowed. You can combo those two to do a large amount of debuffing to the person who is on your adc. Lastly, you have her ult, her heal, the mikaels crucible(that you should be building), your exhaust/ignite, your frost queens claim slow/your talisman of ascension's move speed steroid. It does not depend on the champion, it depends on the player, and what they are able to do with their champion.   Edit:  For a
1	The reason that I don't use teambuilder is that I usually play with friends and we dont know whos going where till the last second, if we did team builder we'd spend more time sitting around that playing.
1	Generally, giving ETAs does a lot of bad things for everyone involved. Think about these scenarios:   1) Riot promises something by date X, and can't deliver for whatever reason   -- Now the community is mad at us, and other Rioters who are working on this are mad at the person for making the call in the first place (without their approval and/or knowledge). Everyone is mad for a just reason. Not cool! - for anyone involved!   2) Riot doesn't promise something, and we don't even bother guessing.   -- Reasonably speaking, nobody would be having any kind of expectation, so when it comes out, yay, everybody's happy!     Everyone involved on working on it is safe to work at the pace they are able to, to allow them to deliver an awesome product down the line, with the best possible player value achieved.
1	I was merely pointing out how ironic it was for someone to seek a position as a creative designer while essentially asking others for ideas. To address some of your points:   >You assumed I can't think for myself and outright condemned me as "uncreative."   Basically. Your claim to be a creative designer is completely contradicted by your asking of the community for ideas. You have yet to give me a reason to believe otherwise, and the very premise of this thread (which is more or less fishing for ideas) leads me to believe you have less-than-selfless motives in asking the community for their ideas.   Sure, it'd be interesting to see what the community wants in regards to skins/champions -- but is it a coincidence that you're suddenly interested in making your very first thread about it as you're submitting an application for a creative design position? I don't think it's outrageous for me to be a bit cynical in this situation, but I do think it's kind of funny how you can claim to be a creative designer and ask others for ideas pertaining to your potential job.   >Your apology sounds sarcastic.   No way.   >You'd be better off not assuming the character of someone you barely know.   So according to this...why the hell should I even believe you're a designer in the first place? I have very few reasons to "assume" you are, other than you claiming that you are.   Seriously though. This is your second post ever in the five months your account has existed, and here you are claiming to be a designer who will potentially create champions/skins at riot without any previous proof or display of your work. Moreover, your overly defensive and self-righteous response further leads me to question the validity of any of this.
0	Don't take her advice.   Just use common sense. Having a three texts a day rule is fucking stupid.   Take care when your texting a girl to make sure you come across as not needy and no overly attached, but still interested and you're fine.  This means that if she's waiting 30 min to respond to all your texts you best not be responding immediately to ALL of hers, though you should to one after you've delayed a few just to show that you really aren't planning the delays, but living your busy life and they are just happening (even though you really are planning them).   Don't monitor it at all and you will always fuck it up, every time, cuz as a guy you are usually going to be much more into her at the start than she into you. Allowing your true emotions to manifest too quickly will always fuck the situation over. Always.   Note: once she's your girlfriend the rule changes. Being nonneedy is still important, but her feeling like she is important to you and valued and loved is more important and it's why the girl above me dumped her bf for his dumbass 3 text rule. (also she did it because his patten was too obvious and the pattern itself, though designed to make him look smooth actually showed her how nervous he truly was. And it killed the attraction.)
0	22 year old here. I deal with a similar situation. I went home for a little to visit my mom since my dad and her got divorced around 6 months ago. We always get in fights now because of her damn temper.   I was at home helping her fix her computer/plugging everything in when I noticed that she was missing her AUX cable. She asked if I would be able to hook it up for her if she bought it so I said sure no problem. I explained to her how to plug it in just in case I wasn't around when she bought it. Since shes stubborn she just kept saying 'you do it, I don't know how'. I repeatedly explained that I will but just in case you don't buy it when I'm around here's how. This eventually made her angry for some reason and she started lashing out at me again. 'Its like I'm married to your father again with the way you're treating me'. She started just yelling obscenities at me and calling a loser, mooch ect despite the fact I pay for all the groceries when I'm home with the little money I make at my part time job which I mostly use to pay for school. After 5 minutes of this, I just shut up, turned around and packed my stuff up and left to go back to my apartment. I was home for a total of 3 days and I haven't talked to her in 2 weeks. This is a typical thing with my mom.
0	I drove a manual Dodge dually flatbed diesel [(kinda like this)]( for 3 years as a work truck and personal vehicle. I quit that job and moved in with a friend who had a manual four-door car who had me drive him to work in the morning in his car. He thought I was the biggest idiot when I would just let the clutch out and kill his car at stop signs, red lights, or any stop because I was so used to driving the diesel truck where if you are in 1st or 2nd gear you don't have to give it gas to let off the clutch. Pretty hilarious.
0	I hope you realize people on reddit like to make fun of the projection that people like you have of them, and this is just an example of that.   Also: the
0	I hate the show too.  Your confession is just stupid.  I don't understand why you're taking this "tough guy" stance on a stupid confession.
1	This was such a bummer. The games crib episode was suppose to reveal some big apparent reason for the boot but I cant help but return to the thought that it was more personal then business. Nothing went down when Chaox was benched and left at the TSM house. This was all over something that happened in Dallas which he was punished for. Players on the team went from saying "We are 85-90% sure this is just a temporary thing" to "let's vote". Maybe the Dyrus clip in the end just hits me hard and im typing out of pure emotion but everything is pretty laid out clear to me. Props to chaox for taking it so professionally I know I couldn't have done it.
1	Thank you riot, but you don't have to do this. While the lag-issues and bugs first ocurred I was playing LoL at about 2am. Then the lags started and me and my friends began to browse the forums for infos.   Needless to say they were full of post from unbelievably stupid shitheads demanding this and that and flaming riot. Around 3am the first hotfix was online. 3. A . M. They really fixed it at THIS time! This was effin awesome! Try calling valve, EA or your electrician at 3am to fix a problem - good luck with that.   What i wanted to say is that: don't listen to the little kids demanding everything right now - you, riot, don't owe em shit! Of course we are your customers, but try going into a restaurant and be like  "WHERE IS MY FUCKING MEAL FUCKIN FAGGOTS! FUCK YOU, RITZ! KEEP YOUR SHIT TOGETHER ASSHOLES! WHAT AM I PAYING YOU (btw LoL is free to play -_-)  FOR BITCHES?????!!!!!" .   Even though your IP-Boost offer is very generous and I gladly take it: don't be too concerned with the community. They need to learn a lot in terms of ..well...everything. We all like the game and we're gonna still like and play it even if the bugfixes take a bit longer to be up.
0	I don't remember anyone hating XP or 7, actually. XP I remember specifically loving all of it. Vista was a hot pile of shit because of the change from 32-bit to 64-bit when a whole bunch of companies didn't really make x64 drivers or programs, so it broke almost everything. They fixed that, thankfully, in 7. I've never heard anything bad about 7 either. That's all beside the point though.   Win8 is shit because of it's UI, not because of how it operating system handles things. It's relatively stable from what I've used but it's Metro UI is utter crap. It sucks terribly with a mouse and keyboard. The push to use everything from the Windows Store is terribly annoying as well, but it's mostly a UI issue. I don't understand at all why they would make it the way they did. Make is use mouse gestures, make the points for controlling the charms and shit easier to get to, not on opposite ends of the screen, make my "Task Switcher" stay up if I want it to and most of all don't make a single app take up the entire fucking screen. Seriously. I'm on a PC and I'm going to be multitasking a lot, don't make it convoluted to switch between programs. That design feature just baffles me.
1	Ive been playing a lot of draven (adc main for around a year) after having been playing vayne/ezreal/lucian/jinx, and i can say that he is a fucking MONSTER. He doesn't have an arcane shift but he can 3-shot enemy squishies once he's 2/0 (this is assuming you get your passive stacked up). The other thing ive noticed with draven is that ive been behind in multiple games, just farm to 150+ stacks and get one kill. You're now equal or almost equal with the enemy ad. Plus, stand aside is a bitch to get hit by. I think hes a safe pick for the most part too, i cant think of any -HARD- counters (cait v vayne for the auto range) that shit on him.
1	Hello Twisted Treeline Fans ,   I am a staff member at TheTwistedTreeline.com and I'm here to inform you about the site and some of the great features it has to offer.  I know some others have come before me and made some posts about the site, I just wanted to make an official post just in case some LoL lovers haven't had a chance to check us out yet!     Tier List  available for users to see who is and is not recommended for use in 3v3. TheTwistedTreeline.com’s Tier list is made by NA and EUW 3v3 Challenger Tier teams and players.  If you are a Challenger Tier player and want your Tier List featured on the site, PM (private message) TreelineGuru on TheTwistedTreeline.com   Champion Pages  with Champion Spotlights, Ability Videos, Champion Counters, and much more. Each champion’s page will soon feature live statistics as to how each champion does in the 3v3 game mode.   3v3 Champion Build Guides  and an easy to use Build Creator for you to post some of your own build guides to be voted on by the community.   HD LoL Wallpapers  so that you can customize your desktop to feature your favorite League of Legends Champion.   Items page  which shows the items only usable on The Twisted Treeline in the 3v3 game mode   3v3 Streams  page where you can watch some fellow 3v3 lovers dominate on The Twisted Treeline.  If you stream and want your stream featured on TheTwistedTreeline.com’s stream page you can submit your information on the Forums of the site.   Forum  where you and other members can communicate with one another and discuss specific champions or strategy you use in 3v3.   Chat Feature  where you can instant message any other member currently logged onto TheTwistedTreeline.com. If you are short a man for 3v3 this sure is a good way to try and find someone.     Weekly/Monthly Challenges   TheTwistedTreeline.com hosts a Weekly and a Monthly challenge where we allow our users to participate for a chance to win RP and other great prizes. We also are currently holding a sweepstakes where any member that does anything on the site has a chance to win a Razer Naga Hex League of Legends PC gaming mouse.   Free-to-Play 3v3 Tournaments   TheTwistedTreeline.com is currently holding tournaments for NA and EUW.  We are planning on opening registration for an EUNE tournament soon!
1	Ah, that's most unfortunate, you'll have to read the entire thing after the ban is lifted; it's priceless. You may have already read it, it's version 2 of FutbolBR's "Brazilian Tier List". Here's the
1	No, worst idea ive heard in a while honestly you dont need 5 bans, 3 is enough is not too much and its not too little, perfect balance.   As someone already said, bans are strategic you dont need to have 5 bans because is WAY too much and also pointless.   Think about this, imagine a guy who can play 5 champions per lane, its someone with a good champion pool, you ban 10 out of 25 champions he can play, imagine you ban all 5 viable junglers and all 5 viable top laners, now what is that guy going to do?.   Now apply that to competitive gaming, 10 bans ... imagine a team wants to focus mid, ban Zed, Orianna, Xerath, Jayce and Syndra.. Done the other mid lane is useless you banned the best champions he could play and you picked the only one its left.   The other team focus the jungler, ban Nunu, Jarvan, Pantheon, WW, Lee... done the jungler cant play anything.   There is no strategy behind having 10 bans, its just a bunch of braindead bans to make someone useless.
1	Wait until you have enough runes to play your favorite position and your champions of choice (at least one form each role). I see a lot of comments telling you play a lot of normals to learn about the game which I think is a poor choice. Chances are if you start when I told you to you'll be placed in bronze, but that's ok. You will learn faster playing ranked then you will in normal games since people don't try hard in normals. In ranked everyone tries their best, so your games will teach you more.   By waiting to play until you have around 1000 normals tells me you value your starting rank more than the learning experience of playing. If you just play to get a higher rank you won't get very far. If you think critically about your play, the ranking will come.
0	Moved out of state to join her while she studied for her masters under assurances that the financial difficulties were of no importance. Wrecked new car, didn't have gap insurance (stupid) lost job in same week. Very next week she asked for a break, ending our 7 year relationship.
1	Honestly, I wouldn't worry about your situation for now. If you've already submitted a ticket to Riot, just wait. My first time that I sent one in, it was replied to within two days. Riot has one of the best customer supports of any game, they just take time to reply. I'm fairly certain that Riot would refund you for your runes, and probably won't take your RP as compensation. All you need to do is wait, and check on your ticket periodically. I'm sure they'll be able to satisfactorily help you.
1	Teemo is surely stronger in that match up, the harass with its autoattacks and passive toxic shot is like a counter to your passive shield. And if you try to trade with a Teemo with your Q and E combo, I believe Teemo will always win the trade if the player knows how to kite.
0	I work at a bank. Had someone come in the other day because they're a beneficiary on one account and co-owner on another, and their mother had passed away. Got all bent out of shape when we wouldn't waive the early withdrawal penalty on the co-owned one and wouldn't do anything at all to the beneficiary one without the death certificate. Said they'd bring it in the following week. Eventually they let it slip that their mother wasn't actually dead /yet/. Just almost dead.  This is why the death certificate exists.
0	This is a thing. I was going 95 in a 70 coming from Texas into Oklahoma. I had already passed 2 police officers. Both of them were small town cops, they never moved. The third cop I passed, who was Highway Patrol, had his break lights flash which I assumed was him shifting gears. I immediately reacted and pulled over before he could even get off the median.   He gave me a warning for 10 over which prompted me to ask what did I do to avoid the 25 over ticket. He said because I pulled over immediately and he didn't have to chase me very far.
1	It doesn't matter how well I play if my team plays poorly is all I'm trying to say. I'd feel satisfied if I could win these retardedly lopsided games too, but my teams don't know how to build, position, or engage/teamfight, not to mention that we usually lack a well-defined team comp.
1	It isn't exactly wholly objective either - it works under a decent number of assumptions, and the way he presents the data is somewhat misleading at times.   For example, when he is calculating the graph for the hybrid damage he assumes a perfect split between damage types (which will almost never happen and thus skew the graph), he assumes that your AR and MR will always be identical (basically never true), and his definition of effective HP isn't really robust enough to adequately describe the case where you have hybrid damage that isn't perfectly split and resistances that aren't evenly split either. He also doesn't account for penetration whatsoever - he mentions it and that it then makes it useful to overshoot resistances but provides zero information on by how much and how drastically this affects the sweet spot.   It certainly gives a lot of useful information, but I think it's pretty disingenuous for him to present it in the manner that he does in the
0	Although I agree with you that most white people are annoying when they do this because they're only seeking attention, however; you must also understand that this is not only acceptable, but also good manners in some Asian (especially Japanese) cultures. To eat your food quietly is...rude.   I was born white, my parents are white, I was even raised white, plus I was around when beating your kids was good discipline, so the whole eating quietly was quickly ingrained into my character, but one thing I am not, however, is insensitive to other cultures, so, when I moved to Hawaii, and its crazy multicultural-but-slightly-asian-dominated lifestyle, It was a shock to see and hear so many loud eaters here. After venturing it myself a few times, and not so much as getting anyone's attention, let alone horrible ice daggers stink eye, It became my guilty pleasure.  Food is much more enjoyable when you eat it naturally without rules, granted, I still eat quietly amongst other white conservative republicans, but when I'm amongst friends or even  white  conservative Japanese people...brah, I don't hold back.
0	Imagine there is a circuit of relay races...different paths to "success" and there is one group (whites) of people that designed the circuits, defined, enforced the rules and, for everyone that chooses to, they race among themselves. Each time the baton is passed, look at that as a new generation in a family and, eventually, families begin to work together to increase the likelihood of them being about to succeed. This happens over the course of over 100 years so, the path & steps needed to reach success are at least understood by everyone.   Now, imagine there's another group (minorities) of people that for hundreds of years weren't allowed to watch the races then over the course of a generation were then told, they may watch the races but, only on the other groups terms. Meaning, they could only watch certain parts of certain races. This goes on for 100 years and after a lot of protests, violence etc. the group demands the ability to not only watch all the races but also compete in them. This group has a few stand outs that succeed and then other people try to follow suit and, as new paths to success are identified by this group, they recognize in order to build a successful foundation for their younger generations, their needs change. Unfairly, a lot of people from the former group have already honed in their skills and have had a foundation built for them that allows them to succeed.
0	Competitive Melee player here! Boy, you guys are missing out! Believe it or not, the Smash games are as deep as any other fighting game, though the casual learning curve is a little more relaxed, since you don't have to memorize a slew of button combos. However, it's virtually impossible for a regular player, no matter how long he/she has been playing, to keep up with a competitive player. This is because the competitive metagame has had 10 years to develop, and there are many techniques and insights that casual players will most likely not discover themselves.
1	I don't really flame, but I get pretty frustrated in certain roles like you say. It usually stems from thinking I'm better at a certain role than I actually am, and then rationalise my poor play as being the fault of a team mates (if only the support exerted more lane pressure, warded better, the jungle would gank more, etc.) I know deep down I made plenty of mistakes myself, but sometimes I can't quite realise what those mistakes were, and in my head it's easier to analyse others' mistakes. Playing roles that put more pressure on you to do better, like your team mates are expecting a lot from you, makes it all that much worse. My thinking is that flamers have the same reasoning, except that they have to make sure others know that it wasn't their fault.
1	my friend early s2 told me irelia was op. I was lev 10 at the time and didn't know any other champs. I saved and irelia was the first champion I got. I played 30+ games with her in a row, and learned to llay her. by level 26 I had op a reflexes.
0	See that really doesn't work all the time. I'm a big guy (also fat) and everyone always felt they could poke fun at me. Not a serious constant bullying but enough to get on my nerves. So I told them to fuck off. Most of them were like "k, whatever we thought you were cool with it" and those aren't bullies in my opinion. There were a few (4 or 5) guys left who still thought it was hilarious to continue and one day one of them threw my waterbottle on the ground and I'm like "The fuck you do that for, stop it or I'll break your neck" so he thinks I'm joking and throws it on the ground again and I'm like "I will not say this again. Stop it or I will kill you." so he starts laughing and throws it on the ground again. I see red, push over the desk, grab him, put my arm around his neck and start choking the fuck out of him, while telling him "I told you this was gonna happen, why didn't you listen?". So he starts turning blue but I can't back down from what I promised him, I would just look weak and encourage this kind of behavior. I keep choking him and the other people now start shouting "Stop it ZeMilkman, don't kill him." but they are far away and I don't give a fuck. I see those 2 guys coming in and I know they will try to separate us and so I choke even harder to kill him before they do. Now they realize what's going on they start trying to get me off him but all they manage to do is loosen the choke a little, so they start shouting the names of 2 more guys who come in and now I have 2 guys pulling on each of my arms and they manage to get him out. So now the stronger 2 of them are restraining me, the other 2 are tending to the guy I am still intent on killing. So I struggle to get my arms free, lifting the one guy off his feet in the process. He lets go of my arm and now it's easy to get the other arm free. I am about to end the guy when I glance around and I see the terror on everyone faces, including my crush at that time. So I stop and tell him that he is lucky I will put mercy before justice this one time.   He never bothered me or anyone else again and we actually started hanging out together for a while.
0	There has to be an arbitrary line for medical purposes, but not when discussing ethics and morals which will not necessarily impact on practical medicine. I think "when does life begin" is a pointless question because lots of useless things are living; the meatier question is "when is it human."   Anyway, so, doctors will obviously have to set a point beyond which abortion is not acceptable. I think it should be lower than it is now because medical improvements mean that previously non-viable children are now able to be viable. I believe the threshold should be perhaps a couple of weeks before the point where viability, on current technological understanding.   Morality will play into that slightly, but you're right, mostly that line has to be arbitrary. It doesn't mean that people's opinions on the ethical discussion have to be arbitrary too. There are SO many factors feeding into when a human comes into existence, and WHICH human comes into existence, that rather than say "life starts at x for sure, anyone else is wrong", people should be entitled to say "well I think abortion is a terrible thing but sometimes necessary. I think it's better to do in the first few weeks because at least the embryo doesn't have a developed brain at all - it doesn't feel, doesn't understand and can't contemplate its own existence in any imaginable way. However I think later on at x period is too late because the embryo will be more humanlike in appearance, there is greater certainty that it will definitely become a human if it is allowed to be born, and it can quite possibly feel pain and fear."   It IS a sliding scale, it's just that the heated black and white debate makes it seem as though it isn't so. A zygote is, QUITE LITERALLY, almost no different from a small collection of skin cells - it's just an unformed repository of genetic material. That is OBVIOUSLY much different to a more complicated arrangement of genetic material which has become self-aware to a point. Where you think is the acceptable cut-off point between those is based on your own subjective priorities. It is not a 'yes/no' question, but people seem to think it is, which is why the debate is so divisive.   Science will never come up with a completely acceptable answer on 'when is abortion okay' because the whole thing is obviously a subjective, ethical dilemma. But in my opinion, the idea of flushing a tiny collection of cells thereby preventing a 'future human' from coming into existence and one day contributing to society is no different than deciding one day to get a vasectomy, stopping you from having kids in future and stopping any hypothetical human from existing. If every child that could have been born had been born, taking into account every possibly pairing of humans, every decision which slightly altered the fertilization process, every random pairing of genetic material in the process itself - well, what, the maths would be astronomical. Quadrillions of humans in existence? More? Early-term abortion is just the same thing, except we're are AWARE of the repercussion rather than never knowing.
1	Not hate just pragmatic viewing read my post before you reply.   First off, this has some nice plays in it, a relatively ok montage I would personally rate it 6/10, you have potential to make a nice smooth and clean video if you tried harder and proof watched it.  I'm not going to nit pick every mistake just a few where you could improve.     The way you add your plays in your editing program seem to be at random,  you may want to add one or two of your best plays in the first 30ish seconds to hook the viewer, then worst to best in that order, but really that's up to you.     Frequently throughout the video you can hear audio abnormalities like you were rendering while on skype or your play had mic involvement in it, two examples, @0:28 seconds for about 1/5th of a second and 6:38 for about half a second "oh my god" is heard.  Either have commentary or don't, either way I think this is poor proof watching.     Same as above but with keyboard clicking, heard near the start of the video, either have or dont.     1:58 is completely unnecessary     Dont add plays that are quite good but either have the enemy team making miss plays, it devalues your play a lot eg 4:28 vayne clearly miss clicks you allowing you to live     Dont add plays that involve the enemy acting sub to your level, play 5:46 is an example.     The length of this video is quite long for the average watcher, take into account peoples average attention span of 2ish minutes so, make the video at max 4 minutes, you can make two remember.       Now for the good things about this video.     Music was fine, i have no quarrel about music tastes, suited the plays, worked with some, maybe could be improved but its fine from me.     Most of the plays were 'montage' worthy     Little editing is nice, unless the editing is quite unique I would suggest keeping it to as much as you did     Possibly a 5 second outro/intro to make your name seen, i forgot it the moment i closed the video, this isn't good if you're a streamer or want to be one or even a youtuber, if you just want people to view your video for fun well it doesnt matter i guess.
1	Firstly, I'd like to start by saying that I found Team Builder to be very positive experience.  I have a sufficient number of champions that I often forget what I like to play and need a decent amount of time to remind myself of what's available.  The most stressful part of champion select for me was to find my champion, while also trying to keep up with whatever is going on in the chat, then quickly change my summoners/runes/masteries all while on the clock.  Having that time limit removed makes the start of the game much more enjoyable for me.   But this is my only comment on Team Builder after playing it.  First I queued as Morgana support in bot lane and the queue was quite long.  In fact I left after half an hour, deciding that breakfast was perhaps a higher priority right now.   What would make this experience a lot more positive for me is to know (in some way) what the hold up is.  Like if you're in the line for coffee and it's taking longer than you expect, it's nice to know whether the hold up is due to some old guy explaining the significance of all the coins he's giving to the cashier, or whether it's an incompetent, narcissistic barista who believes no-one deserves his latte art and would prefer to snapchat it to his colleagues over at the sandwiches.  Granted, having this information isn't likely to decrease the amount of time you have to wait to get your coffee, but it might ease your anxiety, or help you make the decision to cut your losses and go somewhere else.   In the case of my Morgana support queue, perhaps no-one wanted a Morgana support, perhaps no one wanted a support, perhaps I was just in a queue waiting to be considered, or maybe I'd been lost in the aether and should try queuing again.  The point is, I didn't have any information that would help me decide whether I should hang on, or perhaps queue as a more "popular" support.   I don't really have any well thought out ways in which this might be done.  Perhaps every two minutes a message appears "sorry for the wait, you're still in the queue to be considered by the captains", or "sorry, but the role/position/champion appears to be in low demand" if you've been rejected by a number of captains.  But the spirit of the idea should be in providing information on where the wait is coming from, just like the other queues approximate queue time clock.   Otherwise I am so excited by Team Builder that I will probably never play another queue again.
0	I dated a girl for almost 5 years. We even lived together for two years, but this ended when she got a job in another city (the city we lived in when we met). After I spent my last vacation days moving her into her new life she convinced me to leave my job and move home so I could finish college faster and move back in with her. I was very happy to do this.   Fast forward about a month and I had just given my notice.  I drive 500 miles to visit, bringing the cat I raised since she could sit in just one of my hands.  We had adopted a second cat,  but I couldn't take two to live with me at home and Kleo was the one she wanted. When I got there things were weird.  We broke up that night and I drove home the next morning, but I left the cat because the only alternative was to move back home and live in a small space with two cats and their litter boxes.   I spent the next month alone, finishing our lease in our apartment, and finishing my  time at work. I gathered up the rest of her belongings and left the apartment -per her wishes- when she came to pick them up. I've been living at home for a few months now and we don't talk any more.   We texted for a while,  but I had to cut it off as she was just seeking sympathy. Sympathy, even though she was in her dream job and living near all of her old friends in the city that we always said  we would move to. Our relationship wasn't perfect. I struggled with depression and addiction (pot), but she made me stronger and functioning. Perhaps I leaned on her too much,  maybe I didn't share enough.  I don't know.  I never doubted that she was the one, not even  when I said "I couldn't shake the feeling that I drove down here for you to break up with me". That's how it started and that's how we ended.   Admittedly, I have grown bitter through the nights alone in the ruins of our old life. Having to drive down the same streets where we took our walks, walks I couldn't bear by myself. I went to work and then shut myself in after work. Suffice to say that moving home did not help, but I will leave that part alone.   I had to cut off what little contact we still had because it was all so one-sided.  I let it go on for longer than I should because she was the only one I had to talk to. I never really texted anyone else, but we typically texted all throughout the  day. It killed me, but like I said,  I was getting bitter and didn't want to lash out at her. I still think about her every day, though less than before.  After all of this I don't miss her much, but I miss the small things. The scent of her perfume, reading together in bed, the cyst right below her eye that was uniquely "her" (as unsightly as it sounds), and oh my god: the baking! The biggest hole; however, is the comfort of the only person that really knew me over these past five or so years.  The only person that really knows me.   For a while I hated going to bed almost as much as I hated waking up.  I love her. I don't want her back,  but I want that life back. I want a person, a friend,  to accept me in that intimate way. She knew my secrets and she left.   Sorry this is so long.  I haven't really shared this with anyone since it went down in june. It has taken a while to process. I just want OP to know that he is not the only Fry with those feels. Keep your head up OP. I still love Sharon, I need her but I don't think I will ever want her.
1	thats a fucking block of text.
0	No, it literally does change it. Both organizations recognize that being transgender  isn't  a disordered condition. Disordered conditions meet the following criteria:     Unusualness     Clinically significant distress or impairment of functioning       So, it works like this.   &nbsp;&nbsp;Having a gender identity that is incongruent with your assigned gender/body &rarr; gender dysphoria   Now, questions:     Is having a gender identity that is incongruent with your assigned gender/body unusual? (Yes.)     Does having a gender identity that is incongruent with your assigned gender cause clinically significant distress or impairment of functioning? (No.)     Does having a gender identity that is incongruent with your body cause clinically significant distress or impairment of functioning? (Not directly, though it does cause dysphoria.)     Is gender dysphoria, a symptom caused by being transgender, unusual? (Yes.)     Does gender dysphoria cause clinically significant distress or impairment of functioning? (Yes.)       And then you go into: and how do you treat that? The answer is "transition". And hey, surprise surprise, a post-transition trans person, how has little to no dysphoria, isn't considered disordered! That includes both trans people who never had any dysphoria about their genitals and are fine with the bits they came with,  and  trans people who did have significant dysphoria about their genitals but who pursued  the only known treatment for that dysphoria  - which happens to be medical in nature.   Hey, I wonder - do you take this same attitude, BTW, regarding depression, bipolar, and so on? Shit, those are  psychological , they should treat them  psychologically , not  medically  - what the fuck are they giving people  pills  for, like the problem's in their  physical body?
0	I have a theory about this.   The reason that "the customer is always right" is a thing because of the "they'll tell two friends" thing. The belief is that if a customer has a bad experience somewhere, they'll tell two friends, and then they'll each tell two friends, and so on. Suddenly you lose business because the word is that you're bad/unfair/whatever. There is merit to this..   BUT. The whole thing is leaving out a very important part of attracting customers: Demand. You can piss people off, and they may leave or go with someone else, but ultimately, you still have something they want. Take Comcast for example. A lot of people  hate  Comcast, but yet they're still in business. Why? Because they have demand, which they have wrested in a monopolization of their product, so it's actually shitty on their part. But my point is, even though people hate them, I don't see those people going without Internet.   A lot of times, people will come back even after a "negative" experience. Because demand ultimately overrides service.
1	I just did a quick google search and [this]( turned up. They don't exactly have a model that looks suitable for 5 players + riot employees, but lets try to extrapolate.   The biggest they have would give each player 3 feet of table space and ranges from $12k to $26 depending on the soundproofing level. Lets say they need ~5 feet per player. If we assume cost is a linear function of size (which its not exactly, but we're ballpark approximating) thats a 1.67x increase in booth size, putting our cost at $20k to $43k. We need one for each team so double the cost. We're looking at $40k to $86k, and given how loud the crowd is I'd be willing to bet we're looking at the upper half of that range at least. If I had to put down a number I'd say $70k. There's a lot of wiggle room in that estimate, but there you go.   Companies are about maximizing profit in both the short and long-terms. It's about optimizing ROI over different expenditure opportunities. You pick the way to spend your money that will get you the most money back (Even indirectly in terms of viewership numbers and advertising/word of mouth, not just short term sales). If you have wo choices of how to spend your money then as long as one has a higher ROI it doesn't make sense to spend any money on the lower ROI option.
0	I was thinking Australian, but truth be told; I don't know the difference.
1	Well he was up against a Cowboy Beeboop lane (thats a thing now), with Maokai jungle. So that means a manageable amount of AP early and Rumble/Ryze in the solo lanes (which means a lot a unavoidable AoE lategame).   Maybe he went scaling MR blues and put 2 points in the defensive tree, with 2 points in MR. On corki you really only need 6 into the mana runes for your early harass + summoner insight. (21/2/7) Would be 0.15 x 3 for the level + 4 from the Mastery = 8.5, rounded to 8. Sounds plausible?   Edit: Ok, I checked. On lvl 14 he has 51 MR. So he definitely was running scaling runes. (They were going for a lane swap so that makes perfect sense.) But If he had 2 points into the MR mastery, he should have 53 MR. So he must have been running something non-standard. Weird. I have some spare time on my hands, I'm gonna watch the game - haven't seen it anyways. :D   Edit: Never mind, I'm an idiot. He did something pretty much everyone does (or did) he went 8 MR blues + 1 AD. Because of the way the game rounds, you get a full point extra in ad, even though you only get 1 full point extra. :) That was actually the first thing that popped into my head, but I messed up the math the first time around. Some people claim that doesn't actually work and that the game still calculates it differently though. There was a video of Nhat Nguyen explaining it.
1	I had the same thing before. Played a lot of normals and customs, but the ranked was a scary place. At some point I started playing some ranked games, about 2 in a row. That usually got me all excited and hyper, but I was scared to just keep going there , afraid I might lose alot.   But I noticed that when I played ranked, I was usually better than my team and I figured I could climb up. I set the goal to get silver (started bronze 2) and started playing more and more, working towards my goal.   At some point I didnt even do normals anymore, people trolled more there than in my ranked games and I was winning more ranked games than losing.   I hit silver after not such a long time, that felt really really good. Set my next goal, reach gold. I figured that was about where I was going to end up so if I hit that I would be over the moon.   I got to Gold, I was sooo happy. Next I set my goal on overtaking my Gold 3 friend. Kept on winning, kept on focussing on getting better and I managed to even skip gold 4 and gold 2.   Right now Im plat 3, I only play normals to try a new champion or to play with friends (that dont do ranked). Im still gaining levels, but slower now. Ranked is just like normals were before, its still the same game, but you actually get somewhere.
1	I just played a game of LoL which really made me feel like quitting. it was a normal but i don't play ranked because i only just hit 30 on first account. Ashe nami (i was ashe) vs cait sona. Im not very experienced at adc but did ok. I knew i couldnt get anywhere near the creeps so the cait and sona pushed and i last hit under turret. they were at turret constantly and we received 0 ganks. the jax top got constantly ganked by our ammumu and was 4-1 in 10 minutes. anyway laning phase ended and i was 3-1 after getting kills under turret when dived but unfortuately the caitlyn hadnt died. so i (being underfarmed) farmed bot while my team did their thing. the jax goes in and dies 1v4 and blames me saying that they needed me in teamfights and i shouldnt farm bot. then said he was reporting me for intentionally feeding and spamming. all i had said all game was little jokes about when i died or when i did a bad arrow. rest of the game he flames me constantly and then the rest of my team joins in saying i was a noob and that the game was lost because of me despite me being 4-5-5 i think by the end. honestly i think this game will die because of the constant abuse you get if you dont go 20-0-45. it's getting out of hand. if i defend someone in game or try to be friendly apparently it's spamming and i get reported
1	I dunno man...with my trundle build, I've cleared very quickly. Max Q into max W as a laner, and as far as build goes I go 9/21 and flat AD red/quint, per lvl mr blue, flat armor yellow....Go in whatever order needed randuins/tf/bork/merc/sv/either LW or Mogs depending on if team needs you hitting harder or tanking better....You eat faces either way, and you can easily transition from an early/mid game tanky damage menace to a late game peeler who slows divers of your ADC for days. His damage remains respectable all game, and his ult/bork ensures no tanks can easily beat him. Keep in mind my build with LW does 289 AD or so on about a 2.2 AS with 3400+ hp and 160 each of armor/mr at 400 MS or so. It's quite disgusting. LW loses you some armor pen (Armor is an easy counter to his damage, but not his tank shred/peel potential so...) but mogs would make you that much tankier and make his ult that much stronger.   Keep in mind with BORK/TF and the AS boost from 9 offense, he can reach between 2.02 and 2.2 AS while on W...something like 1.6-1.8 without W. He hits like a truck and he hits FAST. Even as a laner, as long as you're not spamming W and running entire durations between Qs, you never really run out of mana especially if you pick up an early mana crystal and/or sheen for the mana.   EDIT - On the other hand, as a jungle trundle you'd wanna max E into Q if you're gank heavy. E for improvement of ganks, Q for early/mid game damage steal. if you're a bit more farm oriented in early game with him, rush a lizard or golem fist into cutlass/bork with merc treads whenever possible, and you can slow even better at a time in the game where people are transitioning to mid game tactics, leaving some lanes rather vulnerable to ganks they'd long since think undoable. Ya gotta know timings for that though, farm too 'long' and you've missed your opportunity...farm too 'little', and you've likely missed timings for early ganks with pre boot situations where your E is strongest.   One could argue jungle trundle doesn't need E maxed first if he's farm heavy as Q would suffice with slow or W could give MS for chase...but honestly with my idea of 'farm early' with jungle trundle, you'd start ganking at 8-10, so you'd still need E maxed first, or at the least at 3-4 points.
1	Overral a team's strategy can stay the same though if the same player is willing to work harder at the game to become more mechanically skilled and aware of the position they're in as a result of lol patches. Building a team around doublelift is still hugely viable because of his mechanical skill and capability as an adc. I think it's not as much a question of a player's role but really how they fit into a team and the role they play. CLG has played with the same basic foundation of protecting doublelift so he can carry and building other strats around it to maximise his carry potential.   I mean sure you can change your strategy to suit the lol patch, but you can't trade player personality/playstyle just because of a lol patch and expect to be able to win straight away. The problem is that as soon as the patch favors a certain meta, it can just as quickly change again and the teams that survive are the ones who have developed strategies and team comps that they know they can play regardless of the changes and incorporate the changes to suit them but not rely on them as a central point in their strategy. This is how teams like Curse and CLG win - they stick to what they know can win them the game and utilise advantages from the patches to leverage this.   You don't have to switch the focus of the team strategy which you trust and know just because of a patch, playing with what's comfortable and developing a way to complement it is much more advantageous than changing your game plan.   For example EG vs SK in Week 1, EG rolled out a new strategy which didn't fit into their playstyles and this allowed SK to take advantages snowballing to a victory. This was implemented with Olaf utilising health as a core strategy to win. Kev1n played more or less the same as he always did, but utilised the patch to give him the advantage.
1	only around 30 or so champions are played out of the 119   That's a lie.  >All champions should be on a level playing field and they should all be counter-able.   They are. Anything is viable in Solo Queue. LCS is different because of things like lane swaps being a problem.  >. I have never played against a rumble, and that's not right   Rumble was played all the time in S3 just because you haven't played against one doesn't mean shit.  >people dont play a lot of champions because their too weak or whatever and it needs to be fixed.   People don't play the champions because they only want to play what LCS picks.  > Riot need to change a lot of champions so they see the light of day again.   They need to change some champions who desperately need the help for some aspects.  >No champion should be considered OP.   Agreed.
1	yea, but as many people point out now veigar cant deal with burst champions in any way. any assassin will jump to him, kill him and ggwp. THATS a no counter play game.   old veigar u had tenacity and/or qss and/or mikaels to fight back. and even zonyas agaisnt his retarded high dmg ult (if u were able to just zonyas while it was mid air, so it would go in cd and u would survive). or even a banshee could do the trick sometimes to avoid the burst.   EDIT:
1	Me and my friend were running Vayne Annie in bot lane with Vayne using the Relic Shield to get some extra gold for Annie. Annie herself were using Spelltheif's Edge spending most of her time AAing and general harrassing of our enemies. She went for a full ap carry build with DFG etc. It went well and she ended the game with the most gold and most dmg done to enemy champions.   We tried this several time and it worked every game. Some bot comps would destroy us no doubt but not the ones we faced.
1	Exactly this. Rango's one of my favorite champions, but he's been in buff/nerf limbo for so long that I'd rather they rework him from the ground up.   At the moment, Rengar, if played 'properly', can 1 shot the ADC/APC without  any  chance of them responding accordingly. (Triple-Q+Hydra+Ignite=Kill, always) It's simply due to the nature of his kit, items that glass cannon Rengar gets + his insane combo scaling. (Thing is, they don't want to take away his stealth but it's so uncounter-able that they're giving enemies a headsup when he uses it as well.)
0	Man, I ran into a guy from high school on the train one day and we chatted, he was captain of the varsity football team when I was playing freshmen football way back when. We talked he told me all about his wife and what he had done since high school, we exchanged stories and phone numbers, I thought I had made a friend cool right?   Well he asks me to go get coffee with him and his wife and we are chatting about aspirations and suddenly it starts to feel scripted. He started talking about "Rich Dad Poor Dad" and how he and his wife buy directly from companies as opposed to going through distributors. At this point I thought if he gives me a disk or reading material I'm out. So I suffer through his talk until I have a legitimate reason to leave, when I do he gives me this disk (don't remember what exactly it was, I immediately tossed it). I was so pissed, I had honestly thought I had made a new friend and he was just trying to sell me on one of these schemes.
0	Which part is confusing you?   A weekend warrior is someone who portrays themselves as deeply into a culture, but only participate on weekends.  The term became big with motorcycle riders.  Businessmen would don all the hardcore paraphernalia of motorcycle gangs, but only on the weekends.   Of all the religons around the world, Presbyterian is lite idology.  No need to confess to a pastror or priest, go directly to god.  No need to visit a church 3 times a week to pray.  Technically, you never have to go to church to be a good presbyterian.
0	I hate when professors say on the first day of class that you can't use laptops, etc., to take notes because I have an ADA accommodation that I specifically need to use a laptop for that purpose. My college has this really annoying policy where you can't meet with the dean of disabilities to even discuss getting your accommodation letters until after the first week of class (their reasoning is that there might be unexpected things you learn about a class for which you'll need to ask for an accommodation and they won't write more than one letter for you). It doesn't make sense because I know what my disability is, and the accommodations end up being the same every semester. Anyhow, not only is it embarrassing to keep my laptop out because of the professor, but the other students must wonder about me. I've developed a system now where I write to professors ahead of the semester starting to outline that I have these accommodations and that I will get the letter to them as soon as possible.   I had one class where a professor had in his syllabus that laptops were not allowed and on the first day of class, he spent part of the lecture sharing a news report with us that laptops in class hurt  other  students' performance because of the distraction they cause. This was a professor whom I had already shared with that I needed to use a laptop in class. So, I kept my laptop out (as there was material that day he covered besides this news report), but it was rather embarrassing as he had just told the whole class he had proof that a student with a laptop (me) would hurt other students grade. This was my first day back to college in 12 years after having left that same college on medical leave. He also had a rule that any ADA letter had to be received within the first two weeks of class, and the disability office at my school was so backward they couldn't even meet with me during the first two weeks of class. And I had tried meeting with them over the summer, but they insisted on waiting until I had attended all my classes before even discussing accommodations.   Even once we met, some accommodations I had were never actually given to me.
0	Ah, the 'S' trio. Though you should really optimize the order. Shave first, then shit, then shower. That way the shower helps clean the loose hairs and the lingering fecal matter. And you don't want to shit first to minimize the amount of time spent in a smelly bathroom.   Contrast this to the 'ap' trio: Crap, fap, and nap. In this trio the crapping comes first, so that there are no other bodily urges distracting you during the fap. Also, you can utilize the post-orgasm lethargy to fall asleep faster, increasing the amount of sleep you get during the nap. Then when you wake up from the nap, you don't have to use the restroom.
1	Not that DaGhost is properly illustrating the fact, but if I remember correctly, after the first few steam sales, Gaben produced some graphs and stats showing that the net profit from the sale was greater, because way more people bought the games. I think a lot of the games industry operates with far too high costs due to old models based on how expensive electronics were back in the day.   Skins play into this; I bet if Riot halved the prices of all of the skins, they'd get more than double the sales to compensate. I really want to deck out my cho'gath as a gentleman, but I'm not going to pay $13 to do so. I've spent somewhere between $30-40 dollars on Riot products thus far, so I'm not opposed to buying things from them, and in fact, I think it's a great business model, they just need to work on the pricing. Think about it: If nocturne had been ~$5 at release, how many of you would have bought him? I would have GLADLY paid the price of a sandwich for maokai when he first came out.
0	This will probably get buried but this is how I feel about Black History Month (in america, I'm not from the UK so idk how it is over there).  In school we BARELY learn anything about Black history.  Occasionally we'll learn some things about Dr. King or Rosa Parks, but that's about it.  In high school many of us take multiple classes on American/European history.  These classes include things like Ancient History (which does talk about Egypt, but most of the time the focus is on Greece/Rome), European Civilization and American History.  In American History you'll talk about slavery (how in depth this is depends/ on the state) and the civil rights movement.  These can be pretty brief.  Black history month was created to basically give people a chance to focus more on historical figures of color that largely get ignored in school curricula.  However, the month is mishandled by many schools and ends up becoming a kind of joke.   So, why do we have it? Why don't we have Latino or Asian history month? Basically Black people in U.S. have a belief that if we don't separate ourselves we'll be largely forgotten, and ignored.  Basically if we don't single things out for ourselves, White people aren't going to care otherwise.  Basically, many Black people believe that the only reason White people know as much as they do now about Black history is because of the month.  There is no Asian history month and there is no Latino history month and I can guarantee that the average white American's knowledge of these groups suffers because of it.  Hell, even if we shortened it to Latino-American history month or Asian-American history month we'd learn a lot more.   So, why don't we just learn about everybody's history all year round?  Essentially, many Black people are pessimistic about this.  I've seen schools around the country that have all but gotten rid of anything dealing with Black history month.  Do you think those schools teach Black history all year? No they fucking don't.  That's what pisses Black people off because they feel as though there is barely anytime to discuss the history of Black people.
1	i completely disagree with the "shaming bad play calls", more specific with the "if unsuccessful, afterwards quickly point out why it was bad and what you guys should do next time" part, because its a gamble with the teammates additude towards critisism and his ability to reflect the events.     At lower elo people often times fail the lack of knowledge or the ability to reflect what has gone wrong in a proper way. This includes taking critique from other player who, what the teammates cant know for sure, have higher game knowledge(or just knowledge about a certain thing), because it is not a given trend that people with much higher game knowledge are at elos with people that have silver game knowledge (thats just how mmr/elo works in regular cases).     Another problem at lower elos is, that coordination and the fact that calls are made itself(whether they are good or bad) helps the team win. If your team manages to find a person who is trustworthy or atleast who can force his style of play onto your team its an instant advantage and this position of trust/obedience has to be kept at all costs in order to maintain a healthy/functional teamplay, even if it sometimes does occure that a bad call is made its still better than no call. Try to keep your leader in good shape or in other words he might have failed but you still need guidance(ofcourse it sometimes occurs that you are that leader yourself).     At higher elos the gameknowledge (as i postulate it is) is still very much equal beneath your team. Now because you have risen in elo to a certain point you, without a doubt feel entitled to fill the role of a shotcaller for your team. The decision on who is a shotcaller is now made harder because of that fact, resulting in the fact that metaplay gets more and more relevant (kill botlane, get dragon,etc.). Now lets say a bad play happens and the caller, who has risen in elo and gathered a certain amount of gameknowledge, gets told that his play was bad for reason "x" and thus the team should next time do "y" instead of "z", because "z" does not work under the current conditions. Chances are, that the shotcaller himself already figured out "well 'z' didnt work maybe we should do 'y'" and then reads your "healthy advise", which produces a repetition of information he already has and which is relevant in his mind atm. This repetion itself is annoying to the shotcaller and makes him either just ignore it and move forward (best case cenario), type something (average case) or start getting angry about the repetition and wants to prove that hes able to comprehend himself (worst case).     In any case however it spreads doubts beneath the team because the one that made the call has left trust, which affects any other call made by any other person, because most of the time the team will follow the call without knowing exactly how made it(unless they read the name in chat, which is most of the time unrealistic since a pinged call is reactionary to a very specific event). This means that even though somebody else made the call and the former shotcaller dropped his position for whatever reason the new one has to face a team with lower faith into the call because people run through the call in their mind and might break out of it because they think the call is bad and thus the call gets bad because people dont commit to it resulting in people dying for a call which has been abandoned by half the team which then again creates a more and more difficult atmosphere for teamplay.
0	I have a four year old daughter. She is all about "bikinis."  I was totally anti-bikini until I actually saw her in the pool, lake, and ocean with one on.  She looks like a toddler in a swim suit.  They don't make her look like a Whore; which is what I infer from the tone of your Picard.
0	In kindergarten, my best friend was overly hyper. Whenever we would hang out at her house, weird shit would happen; i.e. throwing things out of her second-story bedroom window for fun, etcetera. Well, one day, for some reason she just stripped off all her clothes. Started running around the house STARK naked giggling like a madman. Her mom got pissed, grabbed the little shit, and started spanking her HARD in front of me. My friend, obviously, started crying and I was just too shocked and scared to know what to do.
1	Where did all of these words come from in my mouth?   I didn't call you a liar, and in fact I said it was likely that it was a smurf, or if it wasn't a smurf, then you were a liar. Note the flexibility of the statement, in that it doesn't directly call you a liar, but provides the possibility of you  being a liar as the information you gave does not support your claim. It doesn't say that there isn't one, and I actually suggested that it was a smurf account, which would have not made you a liar(but still possibly were, depending on the rank of your unprovided main, for example if your main had 500 games, but you were d3 would satisfy the requirements of this being your smurf, but you still being a liar) so no, I did not call you a liar. Nor did I tell you what to do. I asked who you are.   Now since you love to talk about labeling, your entire second part was inflammatory and directly labeling based on completely unfounded assumptions.   Let's compare.   You claimed to be D1, and posted two accounts that aren't D1, meaning your claim was not supported. I said you're either a liar or those accounts are smurfs, though them being smurfs wouldn't necessarily make you not a liar. Nothing about that was unfounded. Nothing about it was false. Based on the information provided, there is the potential for you to be telling a lie. Your response was to bitch about me calling you a liar (which I didn't do) and then to declare that I must be a moron, and a jungle blamer, as well as a ragey person that flames others. Do you act this way in game? Are your accounts smurfs, or were they banned with that attitude?
0	Hello Bananapopcicle! Just some thoughts... I agree, $6 for 3 breasts sounds about right.   Chicken Breasts can be big though, many are half a pound. $6 for 1.5 pounds of chicken is $4 / lb. That is pretty normal for a grocery store, excluding discount chains like Wal-Mart that are usually at $3 / lb or just under. Either way, that is not expensive by any means when comparing to the bullshit prices at McD's or any fast food joint these days.   Spend $2 on a chicken breast big enough to feed a fat-fuck like described in the OP, and an additional $2 for side items like veggies will get you a long way. My GF and I make chicken and salad a couple times a week and it never gets old. We just change up the dressing and seasonings.   The best things you can eat for your money are chicken, avocados, and broccoli, IMHO, but avocados can be expensive unless you find a good discount store. I get them at Winco for $.89 and can find them at a Grocery Outlet for $.50 sometimes. My local stores want $1.50 to $2 so it becomes a luxury at that point. But they are the best source of fats and potassium around. You could live off those and a source of protein.
1	First of all. Nidalee is not played in mid alot. She is primarily a jungler. And second of all using chamion.gg is dumb becuase it's not accurate whatsover. Your
1	This one time in solo queue our mid zed was 12-1, I was 4-0 as Ashe. We were ahead about 20k gold, and he tries to surrender. He said he doesn't feel like carrying anymore and wanted out of the game. Since we all declined, he goes to the fountain and starts dancing. I kept trying to encourage him, but he just kept trying to surrender. He hadn't said much except for complaining about carrying. When we are at the match history/stats screen, I ask him why he didn't just help us win the game and why he didn't listen to me making play calls and he says, "when I want to engage, you engage, when i want to go baron, we baron, etc." But the whole game he didn't make any calls.
0	About a year ago, my mouth broke out in sores.  After consulting the "experts" at CVS, the pharmacist told me I had the herps.  I was furious.  I'd only been with two men at the time, and both had been kissless virgins before me.  I went to the doctor to get tested and ranted profusely because now I'm assuming I have a disease that, though mostly cosmetic, is going to be with me the rest of my life, and I saw no way I could have gotten it without one of my previous lovers cheating on me.   My doctor gave me a pat on the back and told me not to go get the shotgun just yet. He looked at me and said "herpes is so easy to spread and can take so long to show up.  You probably got it from grandma's kisses when you were little."   It wound up being an allergic reaction to something or other.  I still don't know what set it off, btw.
1	The best way to play against trynd is to know when to go passive and when to go agro, watch his fury bar, when he has just used his heal (q) you can go agro because it's empty and will allow you to trade better as he wont get as many crits, when his fury bar is full he will go agro because he will likely get 1 or 2 crits off in a trade.
0	OP this has nothing to do with you but for those dudes out there trying to get with other dudes girlfriends.. i need to vent because this has occured to me throughout my dating.   Dear dbag,   fu*k you she has a boyfriend stop trying to get with her and move to another chick... dudes like you suck.. you suck and dont get the picture that the girl is clearly not interested and has friendzoned the crap out of you.. youre selfish because you only think about your happiness. you keep on talking to her telling her you love her and she has a boyfriend, you obviously dont "love" her because you dont respect her decision to go out with another dude and not you.. give her space.. shes taken.. shes not the dudes property in any way shape or form but show a little respect for yourself and the boyfriend of hers.   man there are 4 billion other girls out there im SURE one of them is for you, just not that girl.. move on.
0	Obama came up, of course, while I was visiting my father for Christmas. I said "at least he has lowered the gas prices" in a half jokingly way. Both my dad and stepmother snap their necks towards me and explain how it's actually a bad thing. "Gas prices that low are not good for the economy." I daringly, retorted "so what is a good gas price? What would you be happy with?" I think at that point something clicked in my stepmoms head but she is one to stick to her guns so she said "ohh idk, between $2-$3. I guess"
1	TSM got r3kt. The blame was really on the solo lanes being crushed. Versaci is clearly very skilled and PowerofEvil got an unlimited supply at the BjergerKing (from stream). However, Santorin definitely did not show up. He played extremely safe, offered no pressure and that translated into team fights and late game when TSM was simply just too weak. Also, Wildturtle's team fight positioning is still crap. :P
0	Not mannerism, but when I was in high school and had to take my English exam (not in an English speaking country), I also happened to be in a period where I was watching tons and tons of Top Gear UK. At the oral exam I was told my English pronunciation was excellent and I was rewarded with the top grade, and my teacher was considered a conservative woman who normally butchered people at those exams.
1	I would say that its still a tossup until all of the roster changes are finalized and we start to see how everyone does working together in teams such as TSM that have major role changes. However based on the current standings and EG still being a complete tossup in my mind i would have a similar standing, maybe something along the lines of  C9 LMQ CLG Dig TSM CRS Col EG If EG gets everything worked out i could see eg being in contention with tsm and maybe TSMs roster will synergize and surprise me, also LMQ could always flop and not do as well as i'm hoping for but i'm fairly confident with my top 4 unless (like stated before) TSM surprises me or maybe CLGs new top lane (which is very likely) does well and allows them to excels.
1	So many things wrong with this have already been listed, such as it being abused and leaving becoming much more common, but a big unsaid one is this: what about the other team?   Yes, it's definitely frustrating to play 4v5, but the game is still playable, and given that this could only apply to normals in the first place, it's entirely just a game. So while one person leaving might make the game less fun for the 4 people on that persons team, more people or all people leaving flat out would ruin the game for everyone. It's a matter of what's best for everyone, and slight negativity for four people is far less worse than complete abandonment of the game for everyone   The only possible way I see this being implemented in a balanced way is that after X minutes, a game wide vote could be taken about allowing people to leave freely, but even then you still have the other issues of ruining for the minority and increased leaving
0	A swedish couple had rough sex with a signed consent contract, but he still got jail because her parents pushed for the arrest. The girl was 17yrs old while he was +25yrs.
1	Yeah, I know. As soon as I got to lvl 30, I already watched a lot of streamings, was reading several threads and guides, and to be fair it didn't even took that much of my time to figure out the roles in the game, global objectives and stuff.   Yet, it seems that several other players just can't help themselves. 90% of my gamer I go as support, doing a nice job, but the rest of the team just can't cope. And in the few occasions where they do win their lanes and enter in mid/late game a step ahead, the teamfight cordination, proper positioning and goals just don't exist.   Take dragon for instance: when you have a good team and proper warding, you make a call on dragon, your team mates secure the position, and you get it uncontested. But suffice to say that it doesn't happen often; I have to BEG for a dragon/tower/baron at right times...   Well, the list goes on till infinite. I won and lost about 200 elo in a single day because of those things.
1	When I first started playing, I played a TON of blitz, and I just thought of trinity as a more expensive phantom dancer(this was prebuff trinity though, so it's actually a little right), So I just bought PD sometimes.  I also knew the pure power of Stark's Fervor at a time when Yi and Ashe were in darn near every game....so sometimes I would have a zeal(or maybe even PD) and starks before laning ended(I ganked a bunch, since I was blitz, and I'd usually win level 1 bush fights...those were the days)  Since this was premeta it actually took some people off guard and they cursed at me for how fast I could kill them early game.  Things like "WTF Attackspeed stacking??" were the norm...which was funny, since I didn't know that AS was considered the worst early game stat.  Even when I did, I still didn't care...when people don't build tanky and you have the CC of blitz, AS did great, not to mention the fun crit animation.
1	OP you do realize that pre season doesn't matter right? Placements is what matters and they're basically 90% luck.   I played in S3 as soon as I got lvl 30 was lucky in placements and a total shit player still got placed in s4. When s4 started I was decent still got placed in b5 due to the most horrible players I had seen in 1k ranked games. After that I climbed a tier every 10 wins all season. I was most definitely not placed where I belonged and pre season did not make any difference at all.
1	Is it just me or is this a total dick thing to say? Translation....   One minute: "oh wow he didn't even get the simple stuff right"   Two minute: "omg there is 1 hour and 46 minutes"   "
0	Let's do some role reversal with a much simpler problem:   You're a teacher. You're teaching students how to tie laces on a shoe. Your entire goal is that students leaving your class are equipped with the skill to tie shoe laces.   End of the class, you don't want to release "approved shoelace tiers" into the world without the students  actually  being able to tie some shoe laces, right? So, let's make a test. One question:   "Tie this shoe in front of me."   Sure enough, some student has his turn and he brings some duct tape and wraps it around the shoe. He's saying, "Well, it's tied! The shoe won't fall off! I want full credit!"   You're faced with this dilemma:     If you pass him, you're reinforcing the idea that he doesn't need to follow the rules and learn what is expected of him. He clearly hasn't demonstrated that he can tie a shoe... how's it going to look to his parents? "So and so can't actually tie his shoes!"     Remember: this isn't art class, this is shoe tying class     If you fail him, he's going to talk about how he can't believe he's being punished for thinking outside the box, and he actually did put his shoe on. But you're communicating clearly and succinctly, "You've got to learn this. It's my job to make you learn this."
0	I don't understand why people are so rude to people who work in a customer service type of job. The only time I act 'rude' is if the worker starts it first. Even then, I don't say anything mean. I mean, what's the point of making someone feel bad. If anything, I try to make someones day better. I work in a restaurant and the servers always deal with rude customers. I know it stresses them out (sadly I have to deal with it because they can take it out on me). That's why, I try to tip as much as I can. I mean, $7 tips on $17 tickets at waffle house. Not quite 50%, but its better than a couple bucks.
1	Let's not forget about the fact that the enemy team will have norm runes, giving them a HUGE advantage early game. The xp bonus won't do much for you until mid game, as even then  you have a small window of opportunity there. Really not a good idea IMO. You sacrifice too much, ESPECIALLY depending on position and the quints you normally use, for example a jungle with Move speed quints or life steal quints; something you DON'T get by leveling up, will just give them a disadvantage.
0	Funny you mention the Third Reich because my friend just moved to Germany a couple months ago. He noticed that his girlfriend would often time would make exaggerated disapproving gestures or sounds at people who were not dressed appropriately in public. He ended up asking her about it and found out that Germans are very public about scoffing at people in public if they don't look a certain image. Like if a really obese woman wears a bikini on the street, people will scoff, laugh and point at her. Image is very important to Germans. If someone isn't dressed appropriately, they let them know.
0	Whenever I drive to work, in a few blocks in my city one minority group ALWAYS crosses the street at the wrong time. I always think the worst things.   Then I drive a few blocks, and a certain US Majority group crosses the street illegally and I have to stop, and I feel bad for thinking pretty crappy things earlier in the drive. It's pretty humbling, actually.
1	I play mostly 3s because my pc sucks and I dont wanna spend 5 minutes loading the 5v5 map, so I am talking from a 3s casual perspective.   But with master yi it is fairly common to have 2 in a game. He has been picked (at least once) in just about every game I've played this week, as opposed to, say, zyra or brand, whom I have seen maybe 5 times between the 2 (that might just be a 3s thing though).   He is just bullshit frustrating to play against because you have to root/stun with his ult active and it is not easy to do that when he is untargetable so often.
1	Nice effort.   But I dont think these statistics are reliable at all and i really dislike the
1	Those Titties Tough
0	Agreed. Between student loans and paying for the basic creature comforts afforded by our times, money can get spread pretty thin. I'm happy where I am for now, working for better financial security in the coming years.
0	This has only happened to me twice, both times I was highly skeptical, and spent awhile looking for serious issues. If the program doesn't fail to compile the first few times and then have multiple semantic errors while testing it, I assume I'm dreaming or hallucinating.   That being said, I miss the days of 300-line programs. I'm currently working on a game that has around 50,000 lines of code, and it's still in the prototype phase. I'm guessing it'll end up with around 100,000 lines by the time it's done. And that's just game code specifically, the engine it's running on is another 100,000 lines.
0	true story:   I was buying some beer at the local liquor store for the evening. I payed for my stuff and went outside to throw it in the back of my car. A guy was sitting in his SUV drinking something beside me(didn't pay attention)   THEN he gets out of the SUV....20 mini bottles of jack fall out...The man cannot walk a straight line at all.   He spills more bottles as he tries to handle them all into the trashcan outside the store RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE WINDOW   Stumbles back in his SUV, starts and drives off onto the Interstate...   MFW
1	Agreed. It can be easier to carry with Leo in Gold+ because your teammates will follow up more often. You can rely on them somewhat. In Bronze/Silver it can be a bit tricky to expect your team to do things.   Nami, Thresh and Morg IMO are the best to carry with at lower ELO's because: a) They can make aggressive plays. Catch people out for your team and win small skirmishes to get your team fed. b) THEY HAVE STRONG PEEL. This is especially important at low ELO because everyone will misposition. Not only this mean you can hook or bind their ADC who decided to go frontline to poke but it also means YOURS WILL TOO. Morg Shield + Ult, Nami Bubble + Ult or Thresh Lantern, Flay + Ult are extremely strong at keeping your team safe where as Leona has to choose one: dive or peel. With Thresh you can hook someone for your team, dive to them throw your box down and run to your carries with the lantern shield and Flay. Morg can snipe a target with binding, demolish them and shield her carries as she waits for divers to gapclose into her ult.   I just feel these are stronger at carrying unaware teams. Leona can make plays, yes, but when she does she spend everything on something. E, Q and ult. That's probably a kill, but can you stop the 8/0 Renekton killing your AD? You have to take responsibility for this. With Thresh you have chuck down your box defensively and Flay them into the walls. Exhaust if needed too.
0	I actually tried the app itself, and it didn't even change how the gifs load.
0	See, there's just not enough information here.   Transgender could mean pre or post op.  Pre means that person still has a penis, and I'm not interested in a relationship with someone who has a penis.  From what very little I know from the googlin', transgenders rarely undergo surgery as transsexuals do.   Now, that's my decision.  The op is well within his right to make that same judgement call.  And I think it's a bit hypocritical to adopt the mindset that gender is a choice, and is malleable, and to choose to identify according to how you feel, and yet simultaneously judging others who identify themselves as (assumptions were made here) male attracted to females.   Though, who knows.  I can't make a judgement call because you've got a one-line post, just as I can't make a judgement call based on the op's mindset.  The 14 words s/he's posted on the topic don't really give a lot of detail, just like your 9.   As for myself, I've never been put in the same position. I know zero people that openly identify as either transgender or transsexual, and of those zero, zero percent of them find me attractive, and of those zero people I find zero of them attractive.  And I'm not beyond the physical barrier enough to initiate a date with the zero of the zero that I know that I find attractive without finding something physically attractive about them.
0	Good lord man, learn how to use parentheses. 95% of all the ones you used should have been commas or just not in parentheses at all. I couldn't finish what you wrote, so 95% is an estimate. Also learn what an ellipsis is all about (you know ...).
1	Wickd picked Trundle as 2nd-pick. It is very safe to assume that with the current meta the enemy will pick at least one tanky champion, so the pick was totally reasonable imho.   Fnatic ofc tried to counter that with the LB pick. That is not Wickds fault. I am sure they decided the, imho reasonable, Trundle-pick as a team.   So in the end Wickd ends up heavily countered in lane, countered as a champion in general because they had no super tank as an enemy which trundle would like and camped by a lee during whole laning. Still he managed to go dead-even in lane and utilize his champion as far as the circumstances allow (good TPs, good meat, good pillars).
0	That's why I'm starting I hate reddit. At first it didn't bother me. But now it's obvious that upvotes happen not because of relevant content but by posting popular opinion, if you go against the grain expect to be downvoted to oblivion.  It's obvious when people jump on a bandwagon to swim in a sea of karma while not posting anything of use. It's funny how most redditors seem to think this is the best and most pure form of the Internet. I disagree.
0	Before I get jumped for this, let me explain my reasoning. The movie had zero character development whatsoever, no character depth at all, the plot and plot pacing were awful.   Don't say that it's a Disney/kid movie so it does not matter because look at any of the Disney renaissance movies, or even more recently Wreck-It Ralph and Tangled. They all had a good plot, great and distinct characters that grew and developed over the course of the movie, and some of the best original songs (mostly the Disney renaissance films).   [Note: I am specifically speaking about Walt Disney Animation Studios](   Frozen on the other hand had none of that except for Olaf being a good character because who needed no depth nor development seeing how he's just there for comic relief and only two songs were really good, the rest were just meh.   Speaking of the songs there was a new song about every 10 minutes or less for the first half/two-thirds of the movie and then all singing just stopped which made for awful pacing of the movie and major plot points would be made in the course of the songs with no real follow up, for example the song "Do you want to build a Snowman".   I would explain more but I do not dare without the use of spoiler tags.
1	Gold V is good now?   It is better than average, but if you actually read my post, you'll see I never said I was good.   > It has way more to do with the team's strategy and individual skill to an extent than it does "making plays"   By making plays I didn't mean singular player plays, although those do happen often. I meant that at least once per game, I'll see a team do something amazing. Whether it's a great strategy that they pull off, or a masterfully executed team fight, they, as a team, make a great play.   > It's not that they are all "Better" mechanically or some shit. Asian people are not born with some super human mechanical league skill.   I'm not sure if this is a response to me specifically, but if you reread what I wrote I never said they were better mechanically. You're putting words in my figurative mouth.   > It's that they are way more practiced and coordinated. Everything they do seems to have a clear and concise purpose and matches well with the teams goals and strategy for that game.   Yes, you're right. That's actually sort of my point, asian teams as a whole appear to be very strong.   >
1	Riven represents the ideal Noxus: a society that upholds strength, and no matter your origin or background, one is ultimately judged and awarded by their strength. It's basically a meritocracy. However, Noxus grew corrupt, hence the chemical warfare and the genocide. Riven exiled herself because she rose through the ranks by her strength, only to see this ideal destroyed by Singed's weapons, which killed everyone regardless of strength. Darius has the similar attitude (he killed his own officer for being a coward), and has teamed up with Swain to restore Noxus to its old ways.
0	If you're actually interested in why this is so, [consider this study]( Researchers found out that students were more likely to drink if they believed that alcohol had positive effects on their social skills and energy levels than otherwise, even though previous studies had demonstrated that alcohol had only a facilitating effect on sociability if the subjects thought being sociable was advantageous.
0	I minored in penis massage, and I can say with certainty that this is correct. Through the wonder of evolution the mouth has developed itself into a kind of glove for the penis. A truly wonderful thing of nature.
1	You have had a very sheltered gaming life if LoL has significantly more problems than any other game you have ever played. I guess you have never played a game with multiple instances of "if you encounter this bug, you cannot finish the game" you also don't seem to have ever played a game that had major balance issues.   Yea, LoL has its issues but it isn't at, say, Skyrim level where there are multiple bugs that can randomly kill NPCs, duplicate NPCs, spawn NPCs in the wrong location, prevent items from being picked up, prevent items from being dropped, revent items from being sold, mislabel items as stolen, prevent buffs from activating, double stack buffs, prevent cutscenes/dialogue from triggering, trigger the same dialogue multiple times, trigger multiple dialogues at the same time, trigger an inescapable dialogue in the middle of combat, loop cutscenes indefinitely, prevent quest completion for both side and main quests (which can render the game unfinishable), NPCs missing dialogue options to initiate or complete quests, delete items stored in chests/barrels. I could keep going for a long time and that is only with issues that actually affect gameplay significantly. As for balance, yes, there are a few slightly outclassed champions and one or two trash tier ones but lets look at some other games with balance issues.   Street Fighter 2 had one character that dominated every other character to the point where Akuma was permanently banned in all tournaments because he was so powerful that your choices were either pick him or lose. Likewise SSBB on release had Meta Knight banned from all tournaments because he was so dominant that there was no reason to play any other character, meanwhile it had characters like Falcon and Ganondorf who had identical skill sets except than Ganondorf's moves were almost universally slower and weaker (imagine if we had a champion called Dux who had the exact same skills as Lux but they all had 0.5 seconds longer cast time, all the missiles moved 50 slower and did 75% of the damage of Lux's abilities, oh but to make up for it, her ulti has 100 extra range). Straying away from video games a bit, YuGiOh a couple of months ago had a format where there was a single massively dominant deck to the point where the list of the top 32 players from any given tournament featured 20+ players playing the same deck (not similar decks with slight variation, identical decks reproduced card for card) and 4+ players playing the same deck with one or two cards changed.
0	Indeed. It's a brilliantly designed language. If I remember correctly, in the 1400s a King wanted his people to all be literate, so he assembled scholars to create a new written language, instead of continuing to use the Chinese written language.
1	Back when Evelyn just got a rework everyone was complaining that she was still terrible.   Well, I happened to watch some LoL tournament where a guy (Shooshie? Shushi? Some chubby white european guy with black hair) was claiming that she's an amazing mid. Well, he played Eve, and even though his team lost miserably, he consistently did decent with her despite the rest of his team getting destroyed.   So I buy her and try her out. Holy. Shit. She was AMAZING at mid! Literally every game I was stomping. Very easy to play, good farm, great ganks, tiny learning curve.   But every time people would throw a shitstorm at me for trying to go Eve mid. I'm a troll, I'm an idiot, I'm going to feed, no you're not allowed to pick her, etc.   Every game I had a ridiculously good record. Every mid was won, nearly all games were won because my ganks were so unfair. Yet every time I played with new people they'd give me the same grief.   So run whatever the hell you want. 99% of people will assume X champ is good/bad solely on how often they're played in pro tournaments. People don't realize, however, that they're picking based on team comps, counterpicks, the meta, etc, and most of this has little to no value to an average solo q player. And sometimes the pros don't realize something is good! Ezreal was untouched for like a year before "suddenly" he was overpowered and everyone played him.
1	You have a point except for the fact that the new icons just look flat out worse than the old ones - both artistically, and functionally.   They don't fit the art style of most of the champions, and even accounting for the general aesthetic changing, they don't fit the art style of the map or UI either. They look like they belong in Starcraft 2 or Diablo 3...   They're also MUCH harder to differentiate between when compared to the old ones.
0	It's not necessarily a lazy journalist at fault.  I know one journalist whose assigned beat is to cruise the web and see what interesting stuff sites like this are talking about.  She hates it (she didn't get into the job to become a content aggregator; she wants to report on actual news, dammit), but that's what a lot of "news" organizations apparently want, nowadays.   I'd imagine it's substantially cheaper to have a reporter look at Reddit than it is to send a reporter out of the office to actually, you know,  do journalism  or anything.
1	First, you didn't lose the game by getting madreds, you kinda got counterpicked, but that one item alone wouldn't have lost you the game if you were still building good items aside from it. Second, 244 cs in a 3x minute game is more than most people can churn out even at 1400-1600, so don't worry about that either. One of the biggest things I can see is that you were counterpicked, as Graves is an AD carry focused more on burst than sustained damage, so while madreds may have been a way of getting back into the game, you were still at a disadvantage. In general, Graves scales better off of pure AD and the general high damage items than he does attack speed and on hit effects.
1	Morgana is a goddess.  She isn't a typical burst mage (like brand or annie), but rather a high utility mage.  She can be played AP mid, solo top, or support bot with varying degrees of success.  Her passive spell vamp is amazing for staying in lane and keeping you alive.  No matter what early game role/lane she takes, she has an amazing presence in teamfights.  She can even initiate with flash + ult.  With her shield on herself and a zhonya's active, she can stun several people while staying fairly safe.  If your team is halfway decent, landing a stun on 3+ people generally means you have won the teamfight.   Theres several ways to build her, but I find it basically comes down to a few things.  First off, you'll want a mana item.  Your health sustain means you will be in lane longer than you will have mana.  Blue buff can certainly help, but I find it better to have at least one mana item.  Catalyst, doran's rings (x2 or x3), fiendish codex, and philo stone are the ones that come to mind.  After that your items will depend on your playstyle.  Offensive mages will want AP and CDR, and possibly a RoA in order to survive being in the middle of a team fight.  Utility mages will want CDR and AP, with possibly a RoA to help stay alive.   I personally play her as a passive farmer in lane, though if I see the opportunity to gank, I will.  I generally start dorans ring, and grab another and level 1 boots on my first back.  At that point I RUSH zhonya's hourglass.  This item is hands down the most important item on morgana, and I see very little reason not to get it first.  After that I build sorc shoes, morello's evil tome, and deathcap.  If I'm having trouble surviving I'll go for a RoA.  I generally keep a ward slot, so I don't get more than 5 items.   Here's some tips and tricks I've learned with morgana over the past year or so of playing her.     Get pool to level 3 by level 5.  With runes/masteries and maybe a ring this should be enough to kill all the ranged minions - increases your farming capability by a ton.     Your E is the most powerful move in the game.  Use it wisely.  Remember that it  prevents  CC and magic damage, so using it after someone has been stunned won't help a lot.  A well placed shield on a fed trynd/fiora/yi/sion can wreck a team.  A shield on yourself can help you live to get your ult off.  It also is great for karth/ziggs ults, though you have to be somewhat quick to save a low hp ally.     Your ult is an amazing tool.  Use it for single target damage early game, and then save it to hit as many enemies as possible late game.  You can initiate with flash and ult, however its recommended to self-shield first and have a zhonya's to survive and get your ult off.     Your ult can detect stealthed champions and will affect them when used.     You gain life from spell vamp while invulnerable due to zhonya's.  Placing a pool under enemies/minions while using it can help you gain life back.     Leveling Q will result in a high damage skillshot, however its sometimes worth it to level E against a heavy hitting magic opponent.     Your pool reduces opponents magic resistance with each tick.  Keep this in mind if you have a chance to 1v1 an enemy.  Starting with ult, placing a pool under them before they are stunned, and landing a Q right as the stun comes off can result in some serious damage.     Rylai's is a bad item on morgana.  Her pool and ult use the AoE slow of 15%, and her Q freezes anyway.  Grab RoA instead if looking for some health/AP.       For the low low price of 1350IP, she is a  great  buy and well worth learning to play.  She may be banned often, but theres a reason for that, and definitely take advantage of any time she isn't banned.
0	I posted this last year in /r/pettyrevenge   I don't even have to set the scene, do I? Yuletide rush 3 days before Christmas at any supermarket. Chaos, panic and disorder.   I'm the best self service attendant ever. I know how to help in every situation and rush people through double quick. There is a limit of 10 items or less.   There are customers queuing halfway down the aisles. All 28 registers are open, it's a massive store. Customer runs up and down and approaches me and my 8 tills "The queues are ridiculous! Let me through here!" ... With £200 trolley stacked high.   Usually I would nope him the fuck out, but instead I cheerily asked: "Oh, are you proficient with the system, how it uses the barcode to weigh each item and how to bag correctly to avoid error messages? How to remove a bag and continue to shop?"   Impatient Customer (IC): No, I've never been through here before.  Me: In that case, it will be quicker for you to join a queue at a register  IC: (Not having it, clearly the wrong answer) How difficult can it be? Let me through, this is ridiculous.  Fine. I tell them every time a barcode is scanned, the weighing area will not scan the next item until this item is placed in the bagging area.   Enter IC's wife. IC scans an item, hands it to wife, who holds the item in her hand, looking at the screen. Screen is prompting for item to be placed in bagging area. IC is now trying to scan the next item, to no avail. They both stand and stare at the screen. I see what's clearly happening and ignore them.  IC: Excuse me! This till isn't working!  I come over and repeat my instructions, taking the item out of IC Wife's hands (who jumps as if my touch is pure fire) and place the item in the bag.  Me: OK now go ahead, see it scans? The machine is waiting to register the weight before proceeding.  I move away, assisting others, taking off tags, checking for ID, replacing bags etc. All the while I can see Wife is holding more stuff, and not bagging it. IC is now sweating and getting frustrated. They've been there 10 minutes now and are on their 3rd item.   I wait until they call again (am I fuck going to approach them) and for the 3rd time repeat myself, yet again remove the items from Wife's hands and place in the bag.   IC: OK, got it now. They painfully fill up the small bagging area - remember they have a huge overflowing cart - and commit Cardinal Crime Number 2.   Wife removes a bag in mid scan.  All hell breaks loose.   I am lolling to myself so hard I am wearing lollerblades. I ignore them.   IC: EXCUSE ME! NOW WHAT HAVE I DONE?!   Me: You can safely remove a bag once the item has registered it's weight. When you scan and remove a bag the machine assumes you are stealing things because of the weight difference. This goes on for 30 minutes, easy. I ignore them whilst they bicker, fall out, argue and tell each other off for scanning too fast/not bagging quickly enough/removing more bags etc   IC: Next time, I'm going to a manned register!   Me: Yes, yes, I think you should.
1	Fala que voce vai para um evento de computadores e que vai ficar fora por 4 dias... seja um homem se voce continuar com medo das coisas ela nunca vai te deixar fazer nada porque pensa que voce ainda e uma crianca, senta e explica pra ela e pronto, convida um de seus amigos para ir na sua casa conversar com ela se ela continuar falando nao, use o telefone, mas o melhor jeito e voce explicar o porque voce quer ir sem gritar, sem reclamar, somente dizer o porque voce quer ir, se nao for atrapalhar escola e tudo mais ela nao tem porque dizer nao, se ela estiver sendo super protetora fala pra ela que ela esta sendo super protetora e que nao tem sentido... Se ela continuar falando nao, vai do mesmo jeito e seja feliz, so nao conta o endereco para ela se nao ela vai ate la te buscar... e explica tambem se voce perder voce pode estar voltando no mesmo dia... Um campeonato do jogo que provavelmente voce joga o dia inteiro trancado em seu quarto, vai la fazer novos amigos sair da frente do computador, voce tem que mostrar que eh um evento social alegre feliz sem morte e saudavel que vai te tirar do computador e te dar novos amigos... voce pode ate falar pra ela ir no primeiro dia com voce e que provavelmente voce vai ter que durmir la o dia seguinte enquanto ela volta pra casa, prove pra ela que eh um evento legal e que ninguem vai te matar basicamente, se nao funcionar vai sem ela deixar.   (
0	I recently graduated with a civil engineering degree as well.  My advice to you is to apply somewhere far from home where you feel not a lot of people are interested.   As a student I spent 2 summers working in but fuck nowhere northern canada.  My gpa was total horseshit but they hired me cuz I was on the list of maybe 3 engineers who applied.  Anyway, fast forward a few years to graduation and because I was a rare graduate with work experience, I had my pick of job offers from Australia, North America and Europe (all about $60k usd).
1	Jonas has his own life to contend with, hwy is everyone making a fucking drama out of nothing. Jonas came in and helped them get their life in order, the benefits of which was made quite clear, he said he hasnt got much more to add, and since he makes no income, his only choice is to move on with his own life.
1	The whole POINT is that it takes no skill to completely fuck with these champs. You know what a balanced (sorta) high skill champ is? Vayne. Sure, if you're fed and REALLY mechanically skilled you can basically 1v3 lategame, but it actually takes being a really good player to get to that scenario. And you can still be bursted down if focused properly.   Lee Sin you just walk up to the enemy jungler at their red and firstblood them 80% of the time. You know what actually takes skill as Lee? Doing an inSec Q/Q+Ward/W+Kick and fucking their carry over. You know what the thing about that is, though? You don't even have to fucking do that cause you can just kill the carry in 2 secs if you land one Q on them even if you're going tank/bruiser.   LeBlanc was the same. Sure, if you can juke around and faker-outplay then you're a really good player. You know what sucked about pre-nerf LeBlanc? She can just fuck you from lvl 2 onwards with Q+W so that you can never do shit in lane, and then she just face-plants into the keyboard and kills you before you can even flash. High skill cap champs aren't meant to be brainless OP Freelo machines, they're  ACTUALLY SUPPOSED TO TAKE SKILL TO PLAY .   And what the fuck kind of argument is "so that high skill capped players can climb the ladder easier" <-- that? It's SUPPOSED to be hard to climb the ladder, because you're supposed to be GOOD to do it. If a champ gets nerfed doesn't that solve the division mobility better than anything else? Because a GOOD player will actually still know their shit with that champ, and the fucking trash is gonna be wondering why they can't faceroll you at lvl2 and find themselves 0/10 for some reason.
0	Yeah and all of the people who worked at those stores basicaly were welcomed to hell.
1	The LCS has been an absolute boon to me, as a player and as a fan. I've gotten to see so many strategies and techniques, which, even though I doubt I'll be directly using anytime soon, I have to say that it makes the pro scene more accessible to me to watch, learn from, and enjoy. I always missed the big tournaments, and generally, all the secondhand info I would get about them would sour me on watching them as they were spoiled anyway. With the current system, 1) if I miss one, there's generally another coming soon, be it NA LCS, EU LCS or OGN, 2) The VoDs are more frequent and are from more sources now, and 3) We get to actually feel closer to the teams. I never have really been excited about any particular teams before, but Vulcun have somehow become my favorite.
1	This!   All the players, besides Voyboy, are adults. They are all professional players who have played in a number of tournaments. That being said, they looked at the rules, talked amongst eachother and agreed on a single best of 3 series, giving Dignitas a 1 game advantage.   I strongly believe that Dignitas, having already beat CDE earlier that day, had complete confidence in their chances, only having to win a single game to go to Korea.   They agreed, they lost 2 straight games, and they congratulated CDE. Then, they found a loophole and took any chance they could to replay the series.   Yes, WCG screwed up big time. What they intended to do shouldn't matter, its about what they did do and by their own webpage, it shows they posted it would be Bo3o1. I get that. This, along with other screw ups, is definitely going to screw over WCG's image as an organization. But, tournament organizers will come and go. As ESports continues to grow, new ones will spring up and hopefully they will do a better job.   I personally think however, the more important part of ESports is the community and within it, its players. It sucks that CDE got screwed over. But, think about this...Dignitas may be going to Korea...but they have also now gone from being one of the most loved, community friendly teams, to one of the most hated teams in the matter of a week. THEY agreed to the game, THEY congratulated CDE on the win, and then THEY took a shady route to get where THEY wanted to be. Now Dignitas has to live with that.
1	I really like how Lemon touched on the significance of some of the item buffs, and how significant they really are. I really like this lolclass video, It's significantly better than
1	I picture Rengar's binary opposite to Kha'zix's skin like this: White/golden fur, his locks adorned with jewels and gold. Perhaps covered in an armour similar in style to the Angels from Darksiders [Example](   Q: Much like the example above his sword/dagger could display a bright holy light. Quite like Kayle's legendary skin.   W: Inspired by an effect from world of warcraft called ["Holy Nova"] (   E: A Binding of pure light shoots out (Imagine a bola with 100% Brightness)   R: He would disappear in a flash of light. On the Player's screen Rengar would be pulsating with a holy light around his model. When jumping out of his Ultimate  he would appear from another flash of light
1	Why should you have to even then? Tribunal has made this community into the whiniest group of players I've ever seen. People are going to be pricks no matter what you do. The tribunal is in place for toxic players, players who intentionally feed or verbally abuse other players and make death threats in the process. It is not, however, in place for you to remove minor inconveniences like this. Some things you just need to grow the hell up and deal with. There is not a legitimate argument for this. The guy was spamming character emotes, which is done in most games that have emotes. To sit here and complain about something as minor as that just blows my mind.
0	Why do you have to tell your whole life story when you know she's probably not going to be able to handle it?  If you end up getting married to this woman, sure -- tell about your ex's horoscope, likes and dislikes, and the length of her morning pee for all I care.
0	Howdy! Getting into games is a fairly simple process! If you have a desktop computer that was made in the last 5 years, I can recommend a fairly popular puzzle game called portal! It is a breeze to pick up and play, and it is challenging enough towards the end to give you a sense of accomplishment. If you dont have a computer that can run it, I recommend picking up a earlier console called an N64. it was made by Nintendo entertainment in the 1990's and many of the games it has are iconic, cheap, and great party games (Mario kart 64 springs to mind) Even though it is dated, they are still pretty ubiquitous and very easy to find if you know where to look! A beautiful journey awaits you and your SO will be very surprised!
1	It was an epic base race. Full ad rammus was racing me on panth. Both of us had an exposed nexus. They may have had a sentient armour-dillo, with 5 bloodthirsters and move speed that blows your mind, but I had a Spartan, and my Spartan carried a ward. An undead crab, aglow with elixirs met me as I landed, more fed than an American kid at McDonalds, and we fought toe to toe. My two teammates were stuck at base, powerless to do anything but watch and wait, waiting for the power ball of doom...   But suddenly, Pantheon saw that while he may kill urgot, the minions would kill him. With a mighty effort, he jumped on the undead guardian, dropped a ward, and then slayed the foul abomination as minions claimed his life in turn.   As Rammus reached our base my two mages summoned mystic energies, and suddenly the defenders were invaders. The battle was ours, and atop the pile of afk, we stood triumphant.
0	It really is. I mean, I understand people do it, but c'mon it's gross. My current lady doesn't do it in front of me, and I don't do it in front of her and we are completely happy. lol
0	Don't put it off. I had to have a double hemmoridectomy around the same age as you, and because I put it off I caused a fissure also. It was awful. Perfectly fine now, no issues at all.   The surgery I had to have because I put it off had an awful recovery.. Imagine the feels of rubbing feces through a wound. It feels like burning razors for a couple weeks.
1	Hey guys,   I am  CBNemesis , I am from  The Netherlands  and I am a designer & plat 3 League player.   My  Twitch channel  is:   Since my channel is mainly about desiging wallpapers for you, I'll show you my  album:   I like to design wallpapers for free for people. Since its live you also can correct some stuff you dont like (as example, you want a different front.) Thats what it makes fun for me to do, I can be interactive with my viewers/users of my wallpapers. I also try to help people with questions about the program I use (photoshop cs6). And of course when you have tips ofr me feel free to share them. I still do it in my spare time for about 3 months now. I dont do an education or something for it.   But sometimes I do stream games aswell. I play with my viewers or friends (depends on viewer count). Since I am from The Netherlands I'll usually talk dutch unless someone asks me to talk in English. (Usually I only have dutch viewers so far). But I am willing to talk in English!   I do not have a schedule yet due to school & work, but I'll look to make one in the future.   Hope to see you soon on my channel and have a nice day!   ~NemesisCB
0	Yeah, when I was little, I loved going to the store because of the music and people, but I liked to be annoying and put stuff in the cart from the shelves when she wasn't looking; mainly candy in bright wrappers. I was super small and still sitting in the cart, but I managed. She ended up leaving me at the daycare until after she had done her shopping and then pick me up. I was so sad about no going to the store, so she let me try again and I was much better behaved. I think I slipped up once or twice more and she would keep me away from the store for a few months each time. Now I'm a terrific shopper and only buy candy.
0	My girlfriend's family is in this situation.   They are in the process of adopting a girl that was like her second or third cousin once removed or something. The problem is that the mother was a user, and wasn't in the highest mental state in the first place, to the point of harming herself and being institutionalized. Due to the fact that SO's mother is the "legal" guardian of the biological mother CPS asked if the child could stay with her family until they found somewhere for her to go. They decided to adopt her.   So essentially it is just decided at the time. In this case it seems that it would be best to remove the kids from OP's example from the situation. There would be a period to get the children back if granted by courts. In my SO's case it was fine because of the family and geographical difference from the biological mother.
0	I am prepared to get down voted...but Bing, for my searches...gives me better results than google.   For those who don't know, there are more factors now, and personally, the whole hive mind thing comes into play when wolfram alpha is brought into the mix...meaning, when I search for "networking" as an it guy, it might not be the "networking" that the grand majority of people look for...so I have to almost coerce my searches from Google..   While Bing seems to work for me better with less of the "how do i trick this search engine into giving me my data" dance I go through with google.
0	God, some redditors are total dicks. Fuck you downvoters. My content is awesome and you can suck my dick. Downvote this! See if I give a shit. You can take your mouse click of negativity and go play a game of fuck off. I, and everyone else on the internet hope you die for being such massive assholes. You're the reason we can't have nice things. You're the reason we have trolls. You're the reason your IRL friends don't invite you to social events and never respond to you on facebook. Picture of a dog..."FUCK THAT I HATE DOGS DOWNVOTE DOWNVOTE DOWNVOTE" You are the cancer of the internet, the butthole of society, the blemish on the ass of an otherwise hopeful world. You are human garbage. Now go, go look at my previous posts and click away asshats. Take away my worthless internet points because it will make your pathetic, negative, bullshitty existence feel more important.
0	I deliver pizzas, & whenever this happens to me I call it "making a deposit". I only clean under my seat once a year & there's always enough to fill up my tank at least once. Also I never cash in any change that I have when my shift is over, throw it into a big glass jar & use the money to Christmas shop. It's always over $1000.
1	I wouldn't be surprised if you've already thought of this. What If you could see the honor you were getting (and maybe your team's honor too) in the score screen. That way you could see when your teammates honor you, and be more likely to honor other people. As is stands now, some people never give out honor (and admitted it), while others like to honor everyone who deserves it, but nobody knows if their teammates are nice enough to do so until after they leave, and by then you can't change your mind. It would also encourage discussion after the fact when you realize "Hey, I'm surrounded by nice people who didn't talk a lot in game so I never noticed."
0	I am going one step further. I hate Reddit posts that bitch about reddit posts and cast blame for the deficiency on a subset of redditors. These "meta"  posts are nothing more than navel gazing bullshit. Of course there are cute pictures of kids dressed up during Halloween.  We also see similar behavior in /r gaming, advice animals, and ect   Insert dumbass meme (big labowski turd, confession crap, pulp fiction poop)   "Reference recent high rated post with a comment to end behavior"   You know who you are, you read this entire rant, and you downvoted it.
1	I don't understand the argument. You can look up your approximate mmr on lolking, and your "hidden elo" and NOT your rank determines who you're matched with. Here's a video explaining it.
0	I got my medical card in CA around my sophomore year of college. I had been smoking pot multiple times daily since sophomore year of high school, and was the douche always writing essays about legalization and donating money to the cause and such.   However, ironically as legalization is picking up so much steam, I have quit smoking and would not be surprised if I never smoke again. Got over it last June, and haven't smoked in half a year now. The time I quit aligns perfectly with when I finished college, but am unsure if it was all just a phase, or had to do with it being legal for me long enough to lose the excitement.
1	Make absolute sure you're using 2 auto attacks in between every skill cast. Before using smite or some of your abilities get your second w up. I typically do Q - E - W in the jungle going whichever buff is by bottom lane -> Wraiths -> top lane buff -> gank, or if all lanes are pushed hard go counter jungle. You typically should only use 2 health pots max on your first clear if you do it correctly. Also make absolutely sure that you have tier 3 runes, and a fully set up mastery page. You can do AD reds, armor yellows, mr/lvl blues, and lifesteal quints.
0	I can't believe I am sitting here defending Walmart, but here I am:   Walmart employs  1.4 million people  in the US.  1.4 million . If they were to raise their wages, they would undoubtedly look to decrease their number of workers to lower wage costs.   Costco employs 127,000. And please, the average wage of a Walmart employee is $11.75 an hour ( The issue where Walmart is in the wrong is that they mostly employ people at part or half time.   The recommendations from that article I agree with.
0	You have been personally pointed at and laughed at while in a gym?   You are implying that people who workout at the gym are the equivalent to bullies, who want to take time out of their work out to stop and specifically ridicule you? No. You are being egocentric. Everyone isn't thinking about you or probably even care that you are there. Stop it.   Do you honestly just feel a bit bashful and nervous to start? Work out in your house then.
0	As well, the fitter one is usually indicates an increased level of activity/exercise.  Such an increase in activity necessitates heightened caloric intake to replenish those lost through exercise.  Ergo increased activity as evidenced by fitness would then translate to increased appetite (caloric intake).
0	That's really awesome!   I was in therapy at age 7 and was able to walk away from my mom at 12; I'm still working to separate from my equally abusive father and his wife who both raised me after my mom. My dad is "ok" on his own, but seriously enables and supports his narcissistic wife.
0	This is a very educated reply, thank you. People fail to realize that the civil war wasn't even about slavery at all. It was about state's rights. Slavery was a sub-issue of states rights, and one of the keynote points that ignited the war because an end to slavery would cripple the south's then agriculture-dominated economy.   What the flag represents is:     Standing up for what you believe in     Not backing down to misplaced authority or the will of others who don't have the right to oppress you. The Southerners believed that the Federal Gov't, and The North by extension after the secession of the southern states, wanted to take away the right of the states to impose their own laws upon their land and their people.     Pride in who your ancestors were and what brought you and your family to where you are today, regardless of the circumstances (what they fought for, etc).      As far as I know, I don't even have ancestors who participated in the war and if I do I don't know who they are or what side they fought for. But from what I do know, my family has strong roots in The South and I was born and raised here and have pride in my family and my heritage although I do not support slavery or the oppression of any people on any unjust grounds at all.
0	I based this comic off something that happened Saturday. A friend's brother(who is one of the most annoying people in the city probably) was following me hoping I would be able to score him some weed(I didn't because I don't know anybody who deals it) met some of my other friends. One of them is English who he immediately renamed Nigel and started yelling at him about Neville Chamberlain. This goes on for several hours before someone else called him about weed and he left.
1	Hey pal, Renekton is a lane bully. I understand your need for pushing the lane, but if you let soon push into you, you can zone him off Cs and the threat of ganks. Use your abilities for harming, not for csing. Hydra is better than black cleaver for first item as well. Use ur w then spam the active makes it so you get a free auto while both you and your enemy are stunned. Maybe ditching your friend is also for the best, his miss information and constant salt may also bring you down.  Also are you a smoker or fat? You sound like you have breathing problems but you don't sound sick.
1	Problem 1: Grez's Lantern is too OP for Summoner's Rift. It is, basically, old Wriggle's Lantern reborn - powerful laning phase item that still serves a use late game in the vision wars. That would need to be fixed for starters. Stats-wise, Grez's/Lightbringer/Sweeper are in much better places than they used to be (Sweeper is no longer the defacto best stat stick in Dominion that it used to be for mages).   Problem 2 (This is the biggest one really): 1 Sweeper or 1 Lightbringer is not OP. 5 Lightbringers or Sweepers is a completely different problem. One of the biggest things that separated top tier Dominion teams from the other tiers was that you would see 5 vision items in the team's collective inventory by end of game, 2-3 of them within 5-10minutes of the game starting if not already in inventory at start of the game. Frankly, teams that didn't understand why or how just didn't win. Basically, the reason for this is that Dominion doesn't have wards. You had (and still have) limited choices on Dominion for vision.     Bring a champion with vision. Teemo was considered OP for a while because his vision granting also acted as a means of preventing teams from traversing the map quickly. Maokai is a really tanky dude that counters burst mages, has high base damages and also provides a means of brush-checking and limited warding.   Bring Clairvoyance. It's strong and has a much longer range than sweeper, but it takes up the dueling slot of your two summoner spells (Revive takes up the other in Dominion).   Buy Oracle's Elixir. Limited Range, limited duration. Provides no stats. Doesn't provide the "tagging" effect that Sweeper/Lightbringer has. Limited to a small range around you. Can't scout with it while remaining safe yourself. Put it on a tank? Sure...in Dominion though, bursting a tank 100-0 is not a problem as Penetration is the most efficient stat. There goes your vision and now you're a man down. The other team will now just back off and reengage when CDs are up or just zone you and take an objective. You can't do anything about it because your CC is dead for 30s. Wouldn't you rather cast a spell on that bush and know what's coming BEFORE your tank is brought down to 200 health and can't reliably CC for you now?   Sweeper/Lightbringer - Cast it in a small area and anything that passes through it gets "tagged", meaning that even when they LEAVE the area, you can still see them for a short time. They also provide RELEVANT stats!     In Dominion, the options most widely used were Sweeper/Lightbringer with CV and champion picking being splashed in based on comps and whatnot. Oracle's Elixir was not used for a long time because of its weaknesses highlighted above. That being said, it's STILL a useful item in certain cases, so don't be afraid to bring it if you can justify it's cost. Just be a aware that League is a bit of a hivemind game and people rage at you when you do something out of the norm and Oracle's is out of the norm.   So, now you know why Sweeper/Lightbringer might be a decent choice for 1 person. Now here's why it's OP in mass. It's OP because having 5 mini-CVs on a short cooldown means that ambush tactics are IRRELEVANT. It also heavily counters stealth-based gameplay. It makes running through a jungle filled with Teemo shrooms irrelevant. It makes any sort of brush check or risky play (think Baron/Dragon fights if you could CV behind the pit) way less risky. And since, as your elo improves, your teamplay improves, you will see players rotating cooldowns such that opportunity to ambush becomes virtually nothing.
1	I watched ur stream a bit, and you do actually belong in the league you are in. I'm not saying this to just tell you you're bad, though:   You were as Viktor vs Brand mid. Your CS'ing was acceptable for silver league, and you do indeed play safe and you aren't feeding at all. Your team was obviously really bad, and before 12 minutes it was already 0-5.   You then tried to grab your blue, but it was contested and a small team fight happened. Nocturne went for Brand, who got away with +-2% hp. Some other players from both teams joined the fight, and that's when I realised what your problem is.   You play too passively and too safe.   As soon as the other team engaged your team, you didn't pop ur ulti and your w stun, instead u automatically started moving back, and popped your ulti only when everyone from your team was already removed from the fight.  You have to be able to judge the situation, be decisive, and support your team.   Another way to put this, is as follows:  not dying =/= being a good player.  When your teammate's lanes are doing poorly, and your jungler is having a hard time turning the tides, you have to do something. The Brand you were against was very bad, you could've easily pushed the lane numerous times, and gone for a stroll. See where your jungler is heading, ping them that you're on your way too, and give the fed Nasus a visit.  LoL is a team game where everyone plays as if it is a single player game, and you have to get your advantage by adapting to your team, and thus playing as a team.  I've seen really fed teams (I'm talking 20-40 situations) lose because they all played like they were the shit, and got raped because the other team worked together.   Mocking Caitlyn with 'the silver plays man, the silver plays' when she dies to a 25% hp Nasus isn't helping anything, especially when you are probably just as bad. She died a lot, yes, and she fed the other team, but at the very least she's still trying to turn the tides.  You're basically a neutral element in your team, that doesn't turn the tide either way,  because you're never doing anything to change the tides for anyone. You're sort of like someone that's standing AFK at their tower, leeching XP, not making matters worse but especially not making things better.
1	For me League, surprisingly to many, had a positive effect. After many games where I raged at horrible teammates I finally realised that I can only affect my own performace. I know many people have said that in varius "how to gain elo" threads, but it's one thing to read it, and completely another to really internalize it. Even when all 4 ppl on my team are straight up horrible players I dont focus on that, I think what I could've done better in this game. And trust me, there is always something, however small, that I could do better. Be it roaming, warding, trading in lane, csing, some bad decision etc. I had games where I was hard carrying my team and we could win had I avoided that ONE mistake I made. Sure, I could blame others that after only one mistake I made we lost, but if I didnt do that mistake we could probably win... It helps a lot in life, not only in game. After whatever you do, dont blame others or circumstances, always ask yourself what you couldve done better or differently. It has helped me achieve gold this season because I reflected on the games I play and I believe it will help me out in life. Thanks, League.
0	When I was 15-ish many years ago now, my dad picked me up from school as he usually did, and then we went to the bank for him to do some business at the drive through teller thing. While we were waiting, the sun was shining down into the cab of his truck and we were just sitting there talking.   Then he notices something on my face, and says, hey let me see something, and he runs a finger on my face under my chin and across my upper lip, and says: "Well, you'll need to learn how to shave now."   Later that night after I've showered and dressed he asks me to come to the bathroom with him.   He sits me down, explains all of what OP has said, and directs me in the best way to shave given my beard grain direction, and watches me as I lather up and give it a go. Then he says: "Son, just wait a year or two before you let it grow out"   Thanks, Dad.
0	Yes, because after the other roasts, so many people's career has raised or cameback, right? Not to mention that it will re-run for a good month or two whether or not it obtains decent ratings.   To further add, he has a strong fan base and that fan base will give the show the desired ratings. Op nor many people who browse reddit are within that demographic and do not understand how strong his fan base really is.   So it is best just to sit back, relax and watch a douche get made fun of.
1	Scenario: Your team is behind, enemy team is heavy with heals/life steal. Lets pick a few enemies:     Swain Mid   Aatrox Top   Fiddle Jungle   Soraka Support   Caitlyn ADC       So lets say you're falling behind as an AD Bruiser and the enemy team makes a critcal mistake around the throw pit (Baron), and you find yourself with an excess amount of gold (2k+). For the sake of argument lets say you're Vi with Ancient Golem, Ninja Tabi, and a doran's blade or two. You're now leading your team in gold and the game hinges on you. What would be the most effective use of the gold?   Would you want to build? I find myself in similar situations often. Some say HP/resistances are a good way to go, but the heals make me contemplate building an Executioners Calling for the sake of grievous wounds. Raw damage such as BotRK or Hydra can also help out. Thoughts?
1	Stated below, but wanted to reply to the topic as a whole.   Speaking as an ancient person (22) I completely understand Reggi's point of view.   The issue here isn't about "being butthurt" or "sensitivity". This is purely about professionalism. Thorin in particular is known to be contentious and speak poorly about players, play styles and even to make personal jabs in players. He markets himself professionally and yet continues in unprofessional behavior. I have worked for the past 6 years, and here's the sad truth.   1) Being a douche drives away a customer base. If you are acting negatively on the clock that ends up reflecting poorly upon your employer.   2) If you are a consumer you have 100% right to take your brand, influence, clientele or business elsewhere if you feel harassed.   3) Abuse is abuse. For everyone saying to suck it up, feel free to eat those words the next time you report a toxic player. Because you just need to be less sensitive, assholes exist, right? The League community totally doesn't have a system to punish people for bad behavior.   4) Reggi is thinking of what's best for his team. Why should he subject them to having to go through getting slammed by someone with a chip on their shoulder when he could go to a different place for exposure with someone who will touch on the good as well as the bad?   5)The two hosts, along with occasional guests, discuss topics of interest to hardcore enthusiasts of the professional League of Legends scene. Spanning all of the major competitive regions, the show takes its cues from topical themes to inform the in-depth discussions each episode revolves around.   ^ That is the literally definition of Summoning Insight. That means that they are supposed to discuss topics related to league. That does not give them the right to VERBALLY HARASS (a punishable tribunal offense) other members of the community.
1	I have read through those statements before as well as listened to what pro players think about Xerath on one of State of the League episodes and their individual streams.   The consensus there seems to have been that during the Xerath patch there were a lot of tournaments around and most of the top teams (TSM, CLG, Dignitas to name a few) spent those 2 weeks going from one event to another, scrimming with each other on the tournament realm (that's 1 patch behind) and generally not being able to play solo queue and stream it.   When the "event craziness" cooled off a bit and the top players started streaming again, it was already the next patch with Graves being added. You heard people complaining about him a lot though. It was heavily influenced by the streamers being vocal about him being too strong. The same streamers kept banning Xerath though, but because they didn't complain about him on stream around the time he was released, the community didn't have their validation to base their own complaints on.
0	I worked about an hour away and was overqualified for a shitty job. I got fired on Thursday. I updated my resume and ran all over town introducing myself and turning them in. All day long I got the "thanks well call you" nobody was gonna fucking call. Finally the last place in town. I walked in and had a 20 minute conversation with the owner. He ended with well I will call you Monday. Well He didn't call... Fuck that, I showed up Tuesday morning at 7:30 and said put me to work I'll show you I'm not a loser and I know what I'm doing. I got hired today at probably the best job I'm gonna have for the next 10 years.
1	I don't get TSM banning Elise and then first picking Lucian. TSM is 5-0 with Elise and 1-5 with every other jungler.
0	Yeah, I can understand that. It's human nature though, we tend to remember or classify things based on what is unique or remarkable about them in the context. In Africa, people would look at me and think 'it's a tall white guy'. In an NBA locker room they'd look at me and go 'hey, it's a short skinny white guy!'
1	Problem is lol doesn't take much skill. Once you have the mechanics down the rest is game knowledge. If someone isn't stupid enough to escape safe regions on 9hp then it is quite hard to dominate them in lane. That's enough time for your team to make stupid decisions and feed the enemy.   Consider the premise that I find players on low levels in most games tend to do what a player says in matchmaking only if he is outright ripping even in games like counter-strike. Since its quite hard to do that against any player who knows what they are doing in league its hard to show that your understanding of the game is sufficient to have a significant impact on the game.   It's an odd phenomena but it is an explaination. I can go 5-0 against players in counter-strike because of the skill ceiling even if my whole team feeds on first round. League simply isn't a difficult enough PvP game mechanically but strikes a balance between casual and competitive play.
1	very much has changed, new champs, new map, new items.  overall its to much to write all down, watch some patchnotes
