0	As somebody who went the opposite direction you did (dirt poor to top 5%, back to dirt poor again which is where I currently reside), I can say that this is bunk.   Sure there are times during my journey when I was quite well off, I had a few real solid "those old times were the best times in my life" moments. Stress happens no matter your net worth, and people usually tend to have a "grass is always greener" mentality when thinking about old times.  People generally remember the good times, and how much "easier" things were back then when they weren't burdened by the stress of current problems...but we tend to forget about the troubles and heartache that was happening during the same time frame.   I started in my early years after highschool by living in a government assisted set of apartments with my mom, helping to take care of her while working a minimum wage overnight job at a place where I stood a 5% or so chance of being robbed each time I went to work.  I then started making money online doing what I REALLY wanted to do, and had huge aspirations.  I moved into my buddy's house, and was sleeping on his living room floor every night for about a year until he went off to college.   Sure, I had some great times during that time. Looking back on it now though, I can tell you that my perspective is definitely 'filtered'. I remember my old '89 mustang, and how broken it was...how it would overheat in the parking lot when I left it running to pick up my tiny paycheck from work. How I couldn't afford to get parts of it fixed, so I would learn and fix it myself. In my mind NOW, these were great times, and brings a smile to my face...but I can tell you, back then, I wasn't smiling. I wanted out. That's why I was working SO hard doing my online thing - because I just knew if I had money and was successful, I'd be happier.   So I worked very hard over the course of a few years, and I finally made it. A company saw huge value and potential in me, and took a chance on me. I moved cities after I was hired, and right into a sizeable two story house in a great neighborhood. Already, I was feeling much better about my situation. But, I didn't stop there - I kept pushing. I was working extra hard, started getting bonuses, and moved up to part-owner over a period of only a couple of years.  At this time, I was making well into 6 figures a year, and was having a great time doing it.   Then, I decided to venture out on my own, and start my own company. I moved to a different state with my girlfriend at the time (who had just had my child - a beautiful 1 year old daughter). I was making 20k-50k paychecks with maybe two months of solid work between each one. I was living in a 2800 square foot house on the 7th green of a golf course on a peninsula overlooking the beach. My office was in the top story, and each morning I would wake up at 7am, make some coffee, feed my child, and head upstairs to work. I would put in a solid 8 hours while my soon-to-be-fiance was taking my child to parent meet-ups with other mothers to places like the zoo, the beach, etc.   I had everything I ever wanted, and then some. My past was nothing more than a fleeting memory. Sure, sometimes the stress of supporting my whole family on my own at such a high standard was hard to handle sometimes, and I won't lie that I started to think of my old life as "easy and carefree". We as humans tend to do that, as stated before. But, all in all, I was happy to tell anybody that not only did having a great deal of money make my life easier, I was happy to share it with my new budding little family, who was also grateful and happy to have it.   But then...some terrible shit happened. The story itself is quite shitty and somewhat unbelievable. To make a long story short, my fiance left me, and took the child with her after telling me that she hated me and fantasized about sleeping with other men. I had to watch her drive off with everything I hold dear in a brand new car I just bought her for Christmas (she left me 2 days after I gave it to her).  I was crushed...sitting in a new state with no friends or family..I didn't know what to do. So, I packed up a few things and moved back home.   I lost all feeling for money, and for work. I didn't care anymore. My job was neglected, and professional bridges were burned. The funds dried up as I slowly slipped into depression. The new (and much smaller) house I started to rent down here in my home town started to suffer from uncut grass, holes punched in the doors from severe depression and anger...suddenly, I couldn't pay my bills. Still didn't care though. After only 4 months, my lights and water were both turned off. I was living by candlelight, and wasn't even eating.  Needless to say, my Internet connection was cut before this, so I couldn't do any of my work.   Lucky for me, my old friend was within walking distance. Walk over to his house every day to do what work I could to try and take my mind off of things. Doesn't work...I get kicked out of the house, which at this point was a total and complete mess. My life was in shambles. My money was gone. The old company I used to work for had since dissolved since I left, so there was nowhere for me to go. No "middle rung" I could catch myself on. No friends in my industry anymore.   So...here I sit. I am literally in the same house I started - my old buddy's house. I'm currently sleeping on the floor in his room. I've got about 60 dollars to my name, managed from a PayPal account from a prepaid card (since all my other bank accounts were overdrawn and closed). I haven't seen my daughter in over a year, or even talked to her because her mother is doing everything she can to keep her from me. I am completely broken, and I'm starting from square 1...and my depression is keeping me from really giving it another go.   I'm currently 28, I don't pay my own bills (because I can't). I got picked up for my first job at 20..so needless to say I've been poor, rich, then poor again in a pretty short timespan.   To the original point...I can say, without question, that I was happier from a direct correlation to how much money I had. I could provide better things for my newly built family. I felt accomplished to live in the luxury that I had built around myself. At no point did I feel like I was "sad" for not being able to afford bigger and better things.   Money made things so much easier for me. If I had my old job back and was making the same amount of money, I could afford a lawyer to get my daughter back. I could afford to stop mooching from my friend. I could afford my own food for crying out loud.   It's not always about "stuff"..and for me, it was never about being less than happy for the things I couldn't afford...it was always about providing the best possible things for the people I care about. Regardless of my personal problems, if I was still making the same amount of money I was annually when things started going wrong for me, I would be 100x happier than I am right now.   For those of you who think having a great deal of money won't make things better...wake up. It does, but not for the reasons you think. If you're some spoiled asshole who wastes it, sure..you may be sad about the things that you can't afford. But for me and my overall situation, I was much happier when I didn't have the stress of not being able to buy gas, food, etc..I was much happier when I knew that I had worked hard enough and earned my place among those who didn't have to look at price tags.
0	Middle school, 8th grade, 2001-2002, crowded hallway between classes.   I am making my way towards my class with all haste. Better to get to class than deal with the chaos of the halls. Forced to slow down behind two incredibly slow girls chatting it up. By slowing down I mean slamming on the brakes because they merged out into the hallway without bothering to check. The plan was to wait for an opening amd hit the accelerator. The plan was not for one of the girls hands to be slightly behind her as I made my move. Now I didn't see the hand. My intention was to clip past quickly without touching, no big deal.   Her hand touched my junk and grabbed hold. She let go very quickly and let out a long "ewwwww". I continued past.
0	Sadly I think there are females who are just used to having people do things for them because they're "a cute girl."   I knew a girl who had her boyfriend fix their home network several times when it was having issues - she went to school for 4 years to become a network administrator.   More distressing is a girl I knew who could not manage to fill out her own applications to go to college and had her boyfriend at the time help her. After she got out of school she had a guy friend help her fill out job applications. I suspect this is where we get some of the incompetent workers that force us to ask ourselves "How did you manage to get a job??"
1	I just wanted to say I have a lot of respect for you taking the time to do this. There are a lot of Redditors who like to act tough and call you out and personally attack you with regards to the system, but we're lucky to have someone who isn't afraid to respond to these comments in the brutally honest fashion you do.   Seeing the "Smites" as they've been coined, is very interesting and provides a realistic view of a lot of the community's lies. You put up with a lot of hate/blame, so thank you for doing that.
1	Il give this one more go. A good example is Curse Vs CLG week 3 Spring LCS. Curse ran a mainly Disengage / Siege comp with small amount of poke. This comp was Fast push siege/ disengage (Watch the game its was amazing) that worked really well. If you are still confused watch that game and find the post match breakdowns and you start to understand a little more clearer.   Poke is just the just being able to do damage at range somewhat safely. That's really all poke is. Jayce, Lux, TF and Xerath for some. (Im leaving nidalee out for a reason) In most cases that doesn't make them good at siege. Lux TF Xerath have no sustain, disengage or zoning which leaves them open and can be pressured.   Siege is being able to clear the incoming waves fast and continually apply pressure to the turret/area. You also need to be able to zone and disengage and sustain is optimal. Siege is the prolonged fight over a turret. The confusion is there are (broken) champions that do it all. Nidalee can Heal for the sustain, Poke, Disengage and traps zone. (Traps also stopped flanks which to me was one of her biggest issues) She (was) the all in one go to. Ziggs also offers amazing wave clear, zoning, poke and disengage again he almost does it all.   Your right in most Poke comps are siege comps because it makes them stronger than just running siege but that doesn't mean you need poke to siege. Siege is all about being able to stand in the enemy face but they just cant engage normally. An example would be (Trundle, Lee sin, Anivia, Cait, Bruam) They can siege turrets completely protecting Cait and diving into an Anivia is scary at the best of times but its not poke. The win conditions for this comp would be Fast Push, Siege, Jungle area fights where you can isolate.   This all goes back to my point about champion overlapping in to many aspects. In so many areas you make comps with about 3 elements in them for a well rounded comp but saying that X comps don't exist is incorrect.   My Dota experience is 1 alone with watching tournaments here and there of 2. Personally the game doesn't read very well for my liking. Yes LoL is alot more subtle but just because something is well less pronounced doesn't make it any less impactful. To that you can say well your average viewer doesn't even see these differences and isn't that truly the problem? I would agree, there are only 2 casters atm who even can articulately break down comps and I feel casters alone (generally) need to make more of a effort in explaining/ learning and not just talking about individual players.
0	I wouldn't just assume she would have died in an hour and a half had we kept moving. If I did think that I would probably have pulled over and calmed my daughter down and cleaned her up better than we could from a moving (even slowly moving) vehicle. Was her medication oral? It sounded like the main thing that had to happen was simply cleaning her up and calming her down. Otherwise she would have just thrown up the medicine, right? So calming her down and talking to your doctor was step one, right? There is no reason you have to be home to do those things. I think pulling over to the shoulder and assessing the situation is always better than just gunning it down the shoulder unless it really is a case of someone violently ill. Rooster tailing it and panicking at the same time isn't the same thing. Your body doesn't continually produce enough shit and vomit after a certain point, so calming her down should have been the priority no matter how badly you wanted to 'just get home.' You know deep down that it wasn't that serious. You wanted to clarify that point. So it really just becomes a matter of you wanting it to be all over and to just get home rather than taking the shoulder being the thing that really made it all better. It's not like you got home just in the knick of time to prevent the situation from becoming dangerous. Did your doctor say 'thank god you got home just now. 90 more minutes and she would have flatlined?"   There is no happy resolution of this scenario of your current discussions. You can always choose to do whatever you want, but you can't use this story of an example of where driving on the shoulder was a-okay. You feel like you saved the day and that's all good for you, but I wouldn't keep telling people about it if you don't want to hear honest responses.
1	But, can Sejuani gank effectively without her ultimate?   The answer is most probably no, and even if it's yes, it's not as strong as Nautilus. The problem with Sejuani is that she's very ult reliant, where as Nautilus isn't.   Sure, Sejuani can be a strong champion if played well, any champion is. Even the pre-rework Evelynn was super strong in the right hands.   However, Nautilus is still a more reliable pick than Sejuani is.
1	Yo, so if you had one more spell, wouldnt you just burn it with your combo. Why would you wait to procc lichbane one more times? Why would you give opportunity the target to get away if you can assassinate it with E active? This is in lower elo. In competitive sence, they would surely get out, as the stun lasts 1.75 and you will have to wait AT LEAST 2 sec to reprocc lichbane, then the animation has to go off, and the projective has to hit the target, so its like 2.5 s to do. So the target (adc) can barry, botrk, or he will be helped on by the team, and im sure, if you dive in the backline as a tf, you wont live 2.5s. And what if the enemy adc has qss? He can just lifesteal more than the dmg the lichbane would deal. Oh, and kill you.
0	a couple months ago an off duty cop got a case of road rage, pushed the other car off the road, and shot him in the face.  other guy died, off duty officer got paid leave and eventually resigned without indictment.  the officer claimed that the other guy had a gun and had threatened him, but no gun was found other than the one he was shot with.
0	That would have made sense, if your knowledge of spanish would have made you understand word. And later you said you don't know the word and it's from some small dialect.
1	OH COME ON CLG.EU LOST DUE TO JETLAG AND TRAVEL TIME
0	my family owns a store, so i have a lot of regulars that i know a lot about. one customer was trying to pass and said excuse me and then started yelling at the lady when she didn't move. angry lady comes to me and tries to talk to me about how rude people are.   then i told angry lady that the "rude" lady was actually deaf. angry lady looked so embarrassed.   it's situations like these that hopefully make people reevaluate how they treat others- maybe they'll stop treating "normal" people that way because they realize that they don't know the other person's story
0	They ask for resumes as well because it requires you to write coherently and efficiently, explaining previous jobs and responsibilities. Your resume also speaks loads about your ability to organize, create, and edit.
1	Max rank Q does 170-340 base damage plus 0.7/1.4 bonus AD ratio and costs 90 mana on an 8 second cooldown.   Max rank E does 65 base damage plus 1.15 total AD ratio and costs 60 mana on an 8 second cooldown.   Both skills apply Denting Blows.   65+Total AD scaling can give more damage in the long run, yes. The scaling is just better overall.   Emphasis on "long run". It can give more damage late game, but being a jungler, you want to prioritize skills that do more damage early game for the ganks.   E is a melee AA modifier and costs 60 mana per charge. So you use 120 mana for 2 hits. Also, the base damage difference between Vi's rank 1 E and rank 5 is only 60 damage. It's just not worth investing points into it early.   Let's say you go in for a gank and hit your Q while maxing E. Your Q does low damage, your enemy instantly flashes or uses an escape and you may be able to get off one E on them. Since it's still laning phase if you just got a gank off, you don't have much in the way of items and your E damage is low despite maxing it.   On the other hand, hitting Q at max charge is always a great amount of damage during laning phase, regardless of your items. If you hit that max charge, the knockback on it guarantees that you'll be able to hit at least one E and one more AA after that, thus proccing Vi's W passive for a percentage of their health.   When comparing it to Q, you lose so much more utility by maxing E first and there is no "guaranteed" damage.  Early Q ranks have a really long cooldown, so you won't be buzzing around the jungle so much and trying to avoid ward spots with Q means that you'll have to wait around for 12+ seconds for the gank.
1	This is probably an unpopular opinion and will get me burried under downvotes, but I would like to discuss of that regardless.   LP GAINS ARE IMPORTANT AS WELL AND NOT TO BE IGNORED.   Yes, you may see nearly everyone that make this kind of post say otherwise. But what do they have in common ? They are always Diamond 1 and better. Thats the top percentile of the League players, the very best one there are. And who reads this kind of post ? Bronze, silver and gold players, who represent the overwhelming majority of the playerbase. Lp gain do not matter to Diamond 1+ players become  they will climb regardless of what happens . They play hundreds of games each season and can carry nearly every low elo games by themselves, meaning they will have absurd winrates untill they get much higher.  This is not possible for everyone that actually take advice from this kind of post . They are simply not skilled enough to carry all by themselves everygame. Also, there are not so many people that can play hundreds of games. Even worse, if a high elo needs hundreds og games to reach so high while already stomping lower elo games, imagine someone that is actually already near is true rank?   So because most player, even if a bit under their real rank, will have a 50% winrate, maybe little higher if they actually are slightly better. And maybe they will play 75-100 games in the season. That means that their climbing is more gated by the LP gains that the actual MMR behind it. A lower winrate along with a lower number of games means they are much more susceptible to the random factor of soloQ. Their also means their MMR as much less chance actually reflecting their skill. And what does that player want ? Having reached his ''true'' MMR or having the rank that gives him the end season reward he thinks he deserves ? He wants the rank, probably gold for the end of season victorious skin. He does not care wether his MMR his of 2 billion or in the negatives, he just wants the reward associated with a rank and therefore, LP gains are the only thing that matters.
0	I've had this happen the second I changed my tinder pictures from clothed to hanging out on the beach without a shirt. From 5-6 matches in 2 weeks (I only right-swipe cute/hot.) To 5-6 matches a day.   Not acting on any of them because I have an amazing girlfriend but it's odd to see girls lusting after muscle so badly.   My 3 pics before were a clear face shot at my girl's prom, I was in the middle of the picture with focus on me and I didn't even know this pic was taken at all so 0 posing. I think out of the 100 pics they selected from the 4000 they took this pic was in the top 5 most voted on or so... And I'm not even hot ffs.   Then there was a pic with friends at a party. Just me in jeans and a shirt in my workboots.   3rd pic was just a general blurry selfie.   I added one selfie at the gym as pic #5 and pic #1 was a beach pic.   I'm awkward as hell but I'm a pretty good actor.
1	NOT what I was getting at. I'm not change adverse, just things that make the game more shitty. Clearly, you're here to make an ass out of me by saying those builds I gave an example to were troll builds.   There are clearly some points that have merit, but you've not touch on a single one.   I'm mostly speaking about how they've cheapened the game by forcing the meta even more of ward wars (not that engaging), gp/10 items, and the support as merely a moving ward to facilitate. What I am saying is that because of this lack of gold, when shit hits the fan and the carry cannot maneuver to do dps, the support who hasn't the items they could have in the past built, because the entrenchment of the meta can't effectively bait as well as before or delay. Champions who support using shields, like Janna, were diminished in that their shield doesn't apply the AD bonus if the shield goes away. It is easy for this to happen if Janna simply builds gp/10.   They made this worse by adding even more with gp seals, making it mandatory that every support get them or doom themselves. They've narrowed the margin of deviation one can have to conduct their support the way they want to. Champions that don't fit well in the gp/10 mold fall off as supports. It is much harder to build supports outside of the GP model, whereas before, this was much easier, the meta allowed it.   I don't get why everyone can't contribute to damage and soak outside of fodder. It's just really more passive play than it was before.
1	he's going to a game he isn't nearly as passionate about, because riot throws money at their competitive scene   No, he's casting it because GOMtv, whom he is contracted to work for told him to cast it. He seems genuinely interested and excited for the game and is trying to understand it.   >If they didn't, the scene would dry up   Prove it. Millions of people play and enjoy LoL every day, there's gonna be a competitive scene for it, get over yourself.   >they bought everyone pizza and free gifts and LoL players ate it out of their hands.   Yeah, fuck Riot for realising their mistakes and doing what they can to make it less shit for people who spent money to go there.
1	My point is that you are basing it on one game. You are not mentioning the other three games they played last week.   4/4/11 Olaf 3/0/7 Elise 1/3/10 Olaf   Those don't look like poor games to me...
0	or front common yard as proven by apartment B, which houses three sets of people and various regulars in a shitty one bedroom bungalow across from my nice Santa Monica bungalow apartment, where they take up all parking spots plus invented ones which block mine, make it yard to leave, or just confusing by having a couple sleep in a car at night in one of two spots for three months, with three yappy dogs bark and chase all of my visitors day or night (open front door to small common grass area) and stay up nightly trying to perfect the proper mixture high and drunk every night, yet always getting managing to get it off by a wide margin towards the crazy overboard direction, with the tv blaring to the point of having to have their nightly arguments about nothing of any significance louder than the blasting tv , which nobody is paying attention to other than in the case of live sports (in which case they're screaming a cheer for every single play as if to prove they're following along and have, shockingly, a strong opinions of something, and despite the police's frequent visits for noise complaints only cause one occasionally loudest ever voice (loudest is the best argument winning strategy as proven by all precious debates) bellows for everyone to simmer down less the police come back (something they don't bother actually doing because they cops never actually do anything other than ask again nicely) but the turncoat's window vibratingly loud voice (their would be at actually vibrate if the windows and/or front door were ever actually closed) commands the quorum to quiet down, which nineteen times out of twenty only causes louder yet debate over a topic that, yet again, nobody really cares about; otherwise, I wouldn't hear the argument against it in deep in my rear molars until 5am, or whenever it is I manage to fall asleep living next to them.
0	No, see it's still a little out of context. Survival of the fittest has nothing to do with the individual surviving (directly). In biology, it refers to the survival of ones genes. To explain, in the animal kingdom, sex occurs for one reason: to pass your genes on to a mate with equally suitable genes. An individual can be perfectly "fit" to live in an environment, but if it doesnt pass it's genes on to the next generation then, biologically, it can be considered a failure. So if you were to make the argument that mentally handicapped people can't pass their genes on to the next generation, then         you can use the "survival of the fittest" explanation.  However, you didn't do that, which is why I corrected you.
0	Four rights work as well.   Story time: I was dropping a coworker off after work and noticed a sliver Honda was following me for a few blocks around his house. Decided that the Honda might be following me, so I took a few lefts and went around a block. Sure as shit after the fourth turn the Honda was still on me. After I realized that this car was deliberately and blatantly following me, I stopped at a stop sign and rolled down my window and yelled "Whats going on buddy? Why are you tailing me?"   Stupid I know, but at this point the Honda rolled down his window and started yelling "Mother fucker I saw you throw trash on my lawn get out of your car so I can talk to you!" I yelled back saying I didn't do anything, at which point he gets out of his car and starts approaching mine with a hand on his hip. I promptly took off like a bat out of hell and drove to our local police station with him in pursuit, pulled into the parking lot. Needless to say the Honda didn't follow me into the station parking lot and continued down the street. I filed a report, but there was nothing they could do since I didn't have a plate number and only knew the type of car he drove.
0	Last semester I was walking back to my dorm from a bar and a cop stopped and asked me where I was headed, how old I am, (I'm 19) and if I had anything to drink that night. I answered him honestly and he gave me a ride back! No charges, harassment, or anything.
0	Actually you and I can both be correct, depending on the culture of the workplace. If a particular company or department is mired in petty ambition and politics, you will find yourself in exactly the position that you've outlined here. If your department is built on a foundation of trust and mutual respect, our process can work quite well. Like all human systems, it can be flawed, but it can work well for some.   I suppose it's fair to mention that our IT department is composed of six individuals and our corporate office probably doesn't house more than sixty employees. This makes for a close environment where personal relationships matter quite a bit. This means that if we hire an individual with whom we don't feel comfortable, too bad for us, there's no escape. Mind you, this is IT, we're not looking for extroverts or socializers, but we are certainly on the lookout for people who might exude significant amounts of negative force. We want someone who can be a part of the team, who can collaborate, is willing to listen, to learn, and to teach when necessary. And we want someone who doesn't make us dread coming to work every day.   >Yes, except that it's a horribly flawed way to do it. I've seen plenty of people in similar situations say a potential hire shouldn't get the job because they are more intelligent and / or harder working and will make the current employees look bad. What rational person would vote to hire a new employee that might get promoted over you or cause you to lose your job due to their performance being superior?   This isn't the norm, but it isn't necessarily uncommon either. It depends on the culture and the practices of the company. There isn't much internal competition in my department and we service so many retail locations that hiring someone unqualified (for any reason, whether personal or political) could sink us. This is us, but not everyone. My father's workplace is the epitome of the flawed system you've described, and they'll require a system that works better for them. So, I don't disagree with you, it's just different strokes for different folks.
1	Here you have the translation:   Very sad, helpless, and impotent to have lost, because after traveling 12 hours we spent 24 hours of pure stress from the moment we arrived at the hotel. A Riot guy said that everything was fixed and we were about to rest in our hotel rooms in.   After spending the entire previous day struggling for a room in hotel lobby from 10 am to 12 pm and having a teamate sleeping on the floor, to go begging for another room to rest gives me much anger; knowing that we were the first to arrive with Millenium, who went direct to their rooms when they arrived as if nothing, while we had a day without a room does not seem fair.
1	You're pretty late realizing this.  It happens every season.  The issues with all the QQs and stuff is that they think they can not care early season and suddenly want gold and get it. You need to always play like it's end season. Everyone waits till the end it its just too late.
1	I dont get why you had to explain to me what malz's combo is :/ I was talking about what his ult does as damage (corrected to 250 / 400 / 550 (+ 130% AP)), and that its far from just a supression. I know his combo, as i main malz mid, so there is no need to tell ^ ^ usually you can kill ppl with just Q-E-R, the W is more for tanks if we are talking mechanics (but is a deathsentence for a squishy champ).
1	I've been following LPL for a while and I'll give a little context here.   1, Before All-stars   In the 2013 split of LPL, san and pomelo were considered the weaker players on OMG. However, in this split san stepped up to be one of the carrying members, while pomelo still remained to not contribute much to the team.   Also, pomelo earned a bad reputation among Chinese OMG/League fans because he is notorious toxic in solo q. He is reputed to the the biggest flamer/trashtalker in OMG. If you understand Chinese, you can look up 柚子 雪碧(pomelo, Sprite) to see what I'm talking about. (Sprite has the same pronunciation as a curse phrase pomelo used in his solo q stream, and it has become pomelo's nickname ever since).   As a result, people wanted to have him benched even before All-stars.   2, during All-star   People started to give pomelo flak in the first OMG vs C9 game, where he used Nunu, which didn't help the team at all. In the final match up, OMG wasn't that much outplayed in lanes, but pomelo looked like a train wreck compared to bengi. He made several mistakes, which SKT was able to capitalize on. What makes it worse is that people compare him to Lovelin/Allen jungling, who did outplay bengi once in S3 worlds, and under that comparison pomelo looks pretty bad.   Therefore, the pressure that was building up in fans finally exploded. People started to give him a lot of flak. But the reality is that pomelo is a long-time member of OMG, and him stepping down would hurt the team synergy a lot. Also, LPL doesn't have a lot of talented junglers. Lovelin/Allen and ClearLove are the only world-class junglers in LPL imo. Even regions that are considered "weaker" (NA/EU) have much better junglers. So they can't really find an upgrade to pomelo.
1	After watching their games for quite a bit, I feel like the only one who currently has "gameplay" issues is Link (we all know why).   In seraph's case, it seems to be 90% because of communication. And I don't think it's just because he isn't entirely comfortable with english yet. He's too quiet.   It's not the first time now that we see him completely failing his teleport or being out of sync with his teamates.   They will never be able to pull out clutch plays and decent teamwork/rotations with that kind of communication.
1	Seriously ignorant player.  Cannot believe he has the opp to play on such a renowned team in Crs.  Make them look bad for even being affiliated with this toxic pile of trash player.  Fuck Crs Kcrash, I hope Riot serves him what he had coming to him.   Thank you, Please ban fuckheads from LoL.
1	She deals magic and physical damage, has innate resistances, can displace the enemy etc.
1	As I've sad elsewhere, bandwidth is almost never an issue for datacentres. Unlike storage, which expands with time, bandwidth remains constant. Sending data through a cable doesn't cost money, but the cable does. In comparison to storage, bandwidth is incredibly cheap and only needs to be paid for once, with some small maintenance costs.
0	This. I didn't have much say in what times my classes were running the past year, and I ended up with one term being just a bunch of classes crammed into the morning, and the other being mostly late starts (and late ends). I was much more productive and successful when I had the morning classes, as I had a large amount of time after my classes ended to make sure I was keeping up with assignments and general studying. Even after a large amount of that, I often ended up with some decent time to have fun in the afternoon/evenings.
0	Absolutely workers Should have rights. But should the employer not have any in return.   The single largest point here is that you CHOOSE the company to work for. If the terms of the employment are not to your liking... then dont work there. If you cant find somewhere that has terms you are willing to agree to, start your own business. And once you reach that point... imagine having an employee who just isn't very good at their job... you want to get rid of said person so you can afford to hire someone who is. Now starts the process of having to document exactly how this person "isn't good" at their job... creating more overhead and expense. Just so you can move forward as the market changes, and the business changes. These kinds of issues can stunt or kill small business. Being flexible is important to these companies, but ultimately they will have to find someone willing to work for the terms they provide.
0	Man reminds me of when I used to work security at target.   Basically, I was just bored enough to be on the ball other wise I'd be standing around watching a wall.   Well, since I was paying attention, I would catch a lot of stuff that the cashiers missed in carts (things on the bottom rack, things that should have been bagged sitting under the child's seat, etc). So, I'd point them out (not receipt checked, just mentioned it. 99% of people would realize it was a mistake and go back to pay for it). And afterwards I'd have a little chat with the cashier when they weren't busy to make sure they didn't do it again.   I did this enough that the store manager noticed and had the security manager promote me to team trainer. Anytime something came up (new policy, new form of theft, whatever), I was sent out to fill in the crew.   Well, the front end manager (GSTL for those in the know) hated it. I never quite got why. Maybe she thought it undermined her authority with other people. Maybe she thought it would look bad every time I pointed out a mistake because it made it look like she was incompetent. I didn't really pay attention to her because it wasn't my business.   But, unbeknownst to me, she got so petty she had people spying on me. Trying to find when I fucked up so she could call me out on it. Unfortunately for her, I was literally the only security guard in the district that gave a shit. I was actually commended by our district guy because I'd be sent out when I had a day off and another store in the area was short handed (I needed the cash so why not). Every time I went through I got a ton of praise. Hell in one store I found that their jewelery section had all the locks broken. The security manager didn't know about it because the uniformed guys never actually checked. Got to the point that people would call from around the district to ask for me by name.   None of that was particularly important though, but it kind of goes to show how little she had to ding me for. And I'm just saying this to show how petty this next part was.   So one day, the store ended up buying food for the staff as it was the holidays and they wanted to acknowledge that people were working hard. One of the floor managers told me about it and said I should go get some lunch. So I go by, grab a pretty reasonable amount of those potatoes from shakeys, a piece of fried chicken and two small pieces of pizza.   Not 2 minutes later, I hear the CLACK CLACK CLACK of her heels in the hall and the very loud banging on the door of the security room (it's where I was eating talking to my co-workers while my boss was on the phone next to us). My boss opens the door, and without any regards to who he was talking to on the phone, the front end manager screams "THESEEKEROFBACON, I HEAR YOU'RE TAKING ALL THE FOOD!!!"   That point, I literally lean back to show her the plate I had barely taken two bites off of. Turns out her spies told her I was eating and she thought I was mooching. My boss stared at her and she begun to realize how hard she fucked up. She quietly stated, "that food is only for floor employees, next time don't eat without asking."   At that point, I knew better than to throw gas on the fire and mention that I was given permission while she was in the room. So she scampered off.   My boss finished his call, asked me what the fuck was going on and I just explained that I was given permission to eat and I didn't know what was going on.   She didn't last too much longer after that.   Apparently, she got chewed out for it, started taking it out on the other employees because I was pretty much untouchable at that point and had a moment of realization that everyone was starting to hate her. Which would have been fine. But, in her usual state of delusion she thought it was a good idea order everyone to stay for a few minutes after they clocked out to apologize (I wasn't there that night. She was just apologizing to the people she didn't have beef with that she was taking out her frustrations on).   Welp, word got back to management, went up to corporate and she was fired shortly afterwards for making employees conduct business after clocking out.
1	so telling the truth is "witch hunting"?  and stating your very own opinion is "pitchforking"?   i don't think so.  imho this subreddit should follow the rules of democracy.  two very important characteristics of modern democracies are "freedom of speech" and "freedom of opinion".   by removing a legit post like destiny's (which just states facts), you clearly violate the rules of democracy. you violate such important rights like "freedom of speech" and "freedom of opinion".  it seems like this subreddit's mods do like to create their own "reality". by removing posts like destiny's you are clearly trying to control and manipulate the collective opinion of this subreddit's community.  this is a very dangerous thing you do here - and i can't believe you also try to justify what you did.   it seems like this subreddit's mods rather like to lead it like an aristocracy than like a democracy - with the mods themselves being the aristocrats who decide which opinion is legit for the community.  and if they decide that someone's opinion or post about a real experience is not legit, they are just gonna remove it.   "who controls the past, controls the future. who controls the present, controls the past......"
1	This became a problem in World of Warcraft in late WOTLK and it was an abuse of the MMR averaging system. Basically, you guys get 2 people, both of which tank their MMR down to as low as possible (Like 500, you start at 1500) and then the 2 500 MMR players Queue for 3v3 with a 2.1k rated player, and the MMR is averaged out, so they end up facing players with 1600 MMR and stomp the living crap out of them.     The worst part of it was, that Arena rating gains were so insignificant at ALL levels. That you would gain THE SAME amount of points for stomping this said 1600 team that you would for facing an MLG winning team. Meaning that you could stomp new players all the way up to Rank #1 and get the rewards for being "The best on the server" without actually facing anyone good, at all, ever.
0	This. I agree with you completely. My dad didn't go to college, and my mom did. They both work at my local school district. My dad is a custodian, my mom works in special ed (senior assistant in the district). He makes more than her, at about 14.50-ish an hour. Together, they make about 30k a year.   The only reason they can support us (3 kids) is because of government programs. For the longest time, they were full of pride, and wouldn't take charity. When the economy tanked, and we lost our house, they finally caved in.   We afford rent because the house is owned by my grandparents. We eat because of foodstamps and the local foodbank; and when school is in session, free breakfast/lunch. With sports, we have to work off our fees. We have to go with a private donation fund for athletes to get soccer shoes, or the like. Yet, are we a drain on society?   My mom works with special ed kids. She is on the high and middle school PTOs. She spends most of her time volunteering for them, or for other community events. My dad works as a custodian. While he just got switched to nights to keep his job, when he did work days he gave away most of his time. He coached soccer, basketball, softball, was involved in the high school PTO, volunteered at most sporting events, and still managed to make it to nearly every game/play/concert.   Then there is my siblings and I. They have great grades (3.9 and 4.0), though they are only in middle school. They are both 3 sport athletes. One is involved in band, one in choir.   Meanwhile, I am a Junior, top of my class. I am the youngest in my year, because I skipped a grade (1/2 7th, 1/2 8th). I am taking the hardest classes available, and am actively working with the community college to visit other schools, and seek scholarships. I am a member of my school's ASB (Associated Student Body) government, being the IT Director. This is my 2nd year doing it. I was until this year, involved with soccer (injured, lost will to play), have been involved with the drama department (plays + musicals. Will be acting in the play this fall, and backstage work for the musicals). I am also the wrestling team manager/stats person. I am one of two programmers for our robotics team. I also attend all home softball games, and the away games that I can. It was neglected for many years, and is now being rebuilt. In a place that rains a lot, I spent a lot of time in the rain, running the score clock. On top of that I have  a job working at a local radio station during live coverage of games plugging ads, and reffing youth soccer games every Saturday in the fall, four games a day, in the rain (8-1ish).   We are all outstanding members of the community, and would not be so without government aid.   Edit:
1	At this point, it really doesn't matter. The validity of any tournament is called into question with this, and with the crashes of the game in CLG.eu and WE, no one really has a legitimate claim that they won the tournament within a reasonable doubt.
0	By saying too much free market is a bad thing, I am trying to sum up the idea that a completely unrestricted market, as desired on /r/Libertarian, will not fulfill their goals.   A free market will remain free for only as long as it takes an individual to accumulate enough money/power to influence the market in his favor. Then the "free" market disappears. Clearly, the same can be said of overregulation of a market by government.   But without a balance of both (government regulations preventing market manipulation) the supply and demand economics libertarians seem to desire will disappear.
0	don't forget about that area of skin next to the balls, and your upper-inner thigh.  also the taint and scrotum.
1	Too long. The real one should be like this. Katarina
0	if you had a non-healthy baby, wouldn't it be your or your wife's genes at fault? and if you ever do discover your baby is unhealthy while in the womb, it'd be much more beneficial to all humankind if you were to kill both your wife and yourself as well, as in the future, you would only be giving to the earth and society, weak, defected dna which you unknowlingly spread throughout the world like a plague.
0	I just think you should allow yourself to broaden your own mind. The act of jacking off for a guy IS gay regardless of if you are acknowledging it or not.   Listen to yourself.   Someone else says "I like to get a blowjob by a guy, but since I'm not attracted to them, I'm not gay."   Someone says "I sleep with men, but I'm not attracted to them mentally. I'm not gay."   You jack off at the encouragement of both men and women. It's a bisexual activity at that point.   Call it what you want, but getting pegged is as gay as two lesbians with a strap on is gay. It's not the action, it's the 'actors' involved.
1	AP are typically split into two categories - burst damage and sustained damage. Although the average AP caster will usually be burst damage (and the exceptions, sustained) both can handle mid lane very well.   The burst damage casters normally have some sort of a stun or CC, and can do an entire rotation and take most if not all of your health bar. Strong examples would be Brand, Annie, Cass, Veigar, LeBlanc. Most of them require waiting for a good opportunity (harassing until you can secure a kill) and dropping everything on your opponent.   The sustained damage casters usually spend their laning harassing repeatedly - trading hits but getting off more damage until their enemy is low, then using one more combo to finish it off. These would be like Anivia, Zilean, Morgana, Kassadin, Orianna. Note that any of them are capable of transitioning to burst casters when fed.   Burst casters will usually go the Doran's Ring build to maximize their AP early on, allowing them to take advantage. Sustained casters will often go Catalyst into RoA, since the constant harass becomes mana intensive and they benefit from the constant mana return. Deathcap is often the second item if you can afford it (for both), Sorc if you're not going Void Staff and typically Merc otherwise, one other offensive item (often Rylai's or WotA) and a defensive item or two.   Your strongest two picks are most likely Brand and Morgana, but they rely heavily on well placed skillshots and good positioning in team fights.   As mid, your responsibility is farming well, winning your lane, and helping side lanes and dragon control. Most of the AP carries have their tricks at farming the lane (ex Brand's pillar on the ranged, then E to follow up - or Morgana's tormented soil @ lvl 3 on the ranged), and when you know you have the advantage in your mid matchup you want to take advantage and prevent your opponent from farming. If you get behind and begin losing your lane, it's important to play defensive and catch up. Stick by your turrets, let them push in, farm, and punish them if they overextend. A fed AP carry early can absolutely wreck your side lanes and wreak havoc on your team for the rest of the game - do not let this happen. Be aware of where ganks are going out, and make good decisions about when to follow your opponent to the sidelane to help out vs pushing in their turret.
1	Watch closely when xpecial spawns](   He walks out of pool with Molten Shield on. First stack of Pyromania. He flash Incinerates. Second stack. Then he drops the Summon: Tibbers. Third stack. Right after the Disintegrate flies at Shiphtur. Fourth stack of Pyromania. You see every four ability casts Annie's next damaging spell will stun the target for 1.25/1.5/1.75 seconds. It is the fifth spell. Hence Annie's attacking quote "Let's count to 5!". It is impossible to obtain a stun in that period of time.   However you are not incorrect in that Tibbers did not land on Shiphtur. Had it he would have died, and with no enemy minions nearby the game would have continued for some time. In fact the Disintegrate may not have even been needed had Tibbers landed, as the Q damage was roughly half of Shiphtur's remaining health and Tibbers does almost twice the damage as Disintegrate.
1	Thanks for the info, everybody. Keep this alive so Ori can feel the love :)  2 main concerns at this point:     I've seen "rush catalyst" and "get 1-2 doran's rings", although the majority do recommend RoA, and I've been getting it, does me pretty well to have that survivability once I'm level 10ish. Is it worth getting dRings before catalyst (read: in what situations should I consider which?)     What item should I pursue after rabs? Currently I go boots1, RoA, merc treads or sorc shoes, and then rabs. I've only played 4-5 games with her so far, but I've started zhonya's after rabs most of those. That doesn't feel right, unless I really need the armor/active, and so far I haven't needed it during mid-game.
1	Actually, I expected this argument and was excited for it.   crackes knuckles  Here's the thing kiddo, Riot uses a system of project management/software development known as SCRUM.  Within SCRUM organizations are broken down into  small teams  which are then assigned tasks.  The tasks in this case would be like:     Pulsefire modeling   Pulsefire SFX   Pulsefire Animations   Pulsefire Engine Triggers   Pulsefire Particles  and each could have as many as 5 people working on it or as few as one in any given "Sprint".  So even though the company itself is a respectable size, the team working on this skin was probably fairly small.  Not to mention that there are dependencies within each of these.  For example, the animations need the model and rigging to be done, the particles need the animations to be done, the SFX need the animations to be done, I have no idea where the engine triggers fit in here either.
0	But the wrx and mustangs are so similar he was just trying to find people in the same genre. Wrx has all wheel drive and great handling. The only other car that comes to mind when I think great handling is 90's era mustang.   That bad tag probably has more to do with the seller thinking the only reason everyone doesn't have a mustang is because they couldn't find one or afford one. Probably not the same as tags completely unrelated purely to generate traffic. Mustang owners tend to be sure of their superiority.
0	I think its because their faith is so strong that it illicited strong emotions. If you said something like that to me I wouldn't give to shits because I'm not religious.   Say if you had a child and you couldn't make financial ends meet and I suggested to euthanize the kid so you can feed yourself. (a logical, but completely emotionally detached solution) You would be extremely offended even though it is a  purely  logical solution to the problem.   Now before everyone gets their jimmies into maximum overrustle. I am talking about  pure  logic with absolutely no emotion. The solution I suggested is absolutely out of the question because we have morals  based on emotion
0	I find these two to be inherently at odds, whether you intend them that way or not. You're not identifying my as my 'new' (or as it is to me, my 'true') gender, but rather as a trans person of that gender. It's a subtle but important distinction which means all the difference in the world. You seem like a pretty polite person, so I don't want to put words in your mouth, but the suggestion isn't too far removed from the common statement that a post-transition man/woman is not a real man/woman, but a facsimile thereof.   Here tends to be the crux of the disagreement between our two views. If my interpretation is correct, to feel truly accepted transwomen/men need to be accepted as an option for a mate as like any other member of that gender. While I understand where this desire comes from, I don't feel that it is reasonable to expect people to be willing to accept something that is at odds with their sexual preference. It feels invasive. While I am truly bothered by the fact that there is no way to appease both sides of this issue, I am reminded that often time in nature in life, things aren't always balanced and fair. Many men feel that when they impregnate a woman, decisions regarding its abortion should be discussed equally between the two genders. But a women's body is her own and can make sexual and reproductive choices. I believe that all human beings have this right to their own choices regarding these matters and if somebody doesn't not want to have an intimate relationship with a trans person is their prerogative.   I am sorry that there is not a way to appease both sides of this issue as I realize that it is something that could help the mental health of many tradespeople. It is important that you feel accepted and I will make every effort to ensure that they feel that acceptance from me. But when it comes down to my sexual desires and mates I cannot ignore what my brain and soul are telling me as much as you can go throughout your life living as the wrong gender. If you can realize that your brain is speaking your personal truth when it tells you that you are in the wrong gender, how can you expect me to ignore the voice that tells me that a transperson is not the right mate for me. I have no problem letting people live the way they want to live until they expect me to change my sexual preferences to accommodate them. I see how you may need this sexual validation to prove to yourself you are finally home in the right body and I am sorry that I cannot give that to you.   >Let's propose a different hypothetical situation; a woman is born in a female body (A cis woman), and she develops normally. However, in her teens, a tragic car accident effectively destroys her birth-given genitalia. A miracle procedure is tried on her, for the first time; a 'donor' womb and genitalia are transplanted to her, restoring the functionality lost in the accident. Would you have qualms about dating such a woman, even though she possessed genitals that were different but functionally identical from those she was born with?   Honestly, no. It is not the fact that there was genital surgery involved that makes the woman an inviable candidate. It is the gender from birth that I am concerned with. You may try to denounce me now because I have said that. But I don't think its an unfair thing to say. As sexual being I am filtering the environment for many things, both conscious and subconscious when selecting a mate. Its within my right to respectfully discriminate between people I would like to have an intimate relationship with.   >Suffice it to say, for some persons in transition, our definition of a given gender IS your definition of a gender, by necessity.   I am sorry. I am sorry that your self esteem throughout this struggle is so strongly tied to my criteria for mate selection. I wish there was a way to have a happy ending for everyone. But I cannot lie to myself. The same way I don't expect you to lie to yourself. You desperately want to be accepted in all aspects of that gender and my right to decide whats best for my sexual life is the last barrier to you. I am sorry, but I cannot change that fundamental aspect of what I'm looking for in life so that you can sleep easier. I would be lying to myself and the transwoman, wasting both of our time.   >we can easily take your messages to mean you don't accept our gender in any sense at all   You can always take offence even when none was given, thats true. But I feel I really do except you in every reasonable way. It’s the only area where I can't accept a trans is as my sexual partner. If, from that, you extrapolate that I do not accept your gender in any sense at all, I'm sorry. I disagree, of course, but I am still sorry.   <Irrational Rant Response>:   >but when we get to the point where you wouldn't even know if we didn't tell you, and you're still getting sticky about it, fuck off, man. >if you start getting selective about when you consider us 'true' men or women, when you're in a situation where you wouldn't even know if we didn't tell you? That's not being accepting, that's being a judgemental douche...   Well I still maintain that asking a person to scrap their personal sexual preferences so that you don't have to address that you were once the opposite gender is over the line. It must be terribly hard to BE your gender while simultaneously acknowledging the transformation to sexual partners repeatedly. I understand that you are trying to BE your gender identity. But you need to understand that people have a right to select their own sexual partners. You said that nobody is implying that you have to do anything, but you are saying that they are being a judgemental douche by making the choice to not sleep with a woman because she used to be a man. Thats unfair. Its a bullying tactic.   As for the "if we didn't tell you" comment. I think thats such a shameful way to go about your life. Does this apply to only trans operations? What about marital status when you're at a bar? Is a woman being a judgmental douche by deciding not to become intimate with a married man? What about having an STI? I mean yeah they will catch it but they wouldn't absolutely know that you gave it to them if you didn't tell them you had it. Is this what you're trying to defend? Directly lying or lying through omission to deprive someone of the information you know is very likely criteria for them to select their partners? To use this lack of communication to lure someone into making a decision that they will (or could) regret later on? This sounds like the thought process of a sexual predator. The old "what they don't know won't hurt them" argument. It is my belief that a person has a right to be made aware of these details before entering into a sexual relationship with you. I am sure you disagree, but C'est la vie.   **</Rant Response>
0	At a party on Friday night, a gay guy cornered me in a side room.   "Is it worth it?" he asked.   "Is what worth it?"   "Is your dick worth it?"   "..."   "Come on, you can tell me. I'm not interested in you. I just want to know. What are you,  8 1/2?"   laughs  "No"   "Is it fat? I know it's fat. I can tell."   I then excused myself from the conversation.
1	I used to main Mid, mainly assassins on my climb from 1-30, I liked the burst potential of those champions, my favorite being Talon, and idk why but I transitioned the love of burst to AD casters with a burst potential like Graves and i slowly started to play other ADC, loving the role. After playing multiple ADC games i played about 100 support games on multiple supports to see what the other side of bot lane feels like and what supports I would prefer to support me, then went back to ADC knowing the limits of supports and how aggressive I can be with them.
1	Yeah, I apologize. I should have given more information. [Here]( you go!   As per your definition of it, it kinda does. Basically its a technique used to manipulate your minions. If you're having issues with your minions lighting up their minions too quickly, then you can use the unfreezing techniques to fix it. I make it sound like it's a huge technique, basically unfreezing is just forget about last hits and wipe out the minions in the lane, it resets the priority of minions.
1	Im sorry but I dpnt understand all the flak curse is getting.  Are the amazing? No.  But consider their players.  Saint is in a relatively new role of course he is going to have issues for a while. Voy is in the same situation going from top to mid.  IWD was out of the scene for about a year. Thats a huge amount of time to skip playing at a pro level.  And Quas is new to the pro scene altogether iiRC.  Cop is the only one in a comfortable spot.  There will be growing pains.  TSM and C9 are doing good because they are exactly where they were last summer except Bjerg, who was a world class mid last year, just not with TSM.   As a proud curse fan, I have 100% faith my team and all 5 players will improve throughout the split.  There have definitely been flashes of greatness to go with the bad.
1	Today I wanted to test Corki and practice some last hitting since I watched a video with Ocelote playing Cas and using the "a" key to last hit which I found interesting. Anyways I ran intro this two dudes and decided to ignore them and practice without pushing any towers. You could imagine the in-game chat, personally I found it to be sad and hilarious at the same time because they were saying "Corki fail", "fker", "fagg" (yes with double g) etc and I was wondering what is going on and was laughing the whole game probably.
1	I often wonder this too. Essentially you are  buying it for the two passives (spellblade and rage), the movement speed and the health and mana (as AS, crit chance AP and AD are pretty much null on him).   The big appeal is the spellblade passive which does an extra 240 damage (at level 18). This is pretty much the same as adding 240 stacks to your q (as the cooldown is roughly the same as the cooldown for spell-blade with 40% cdr and you proc the passive with your q normally).   What I take from this is that it is less and less efficient as the game goes on (as 240 stacks on q is less %-wise). So the earlier in the game you have it, the 'better' it is. This being said I do not think it's a good early item. Buying tri-force early means you have no money to spend on cooldown reduction (which I adore on Nasus). In a lane if I am going even or better I will try to rush cooldown reduction as early as possible (Glacial Shroud, Ionian Boots, Kindlegem + masteries for 40% cdr). I usually later upgrade my glacial shroud into a Gauntlet or Frozen Heart (and sell my boots later on when I've gotten my cdr from elsewhere.
0	Dude: I never said that. Cancer is typically a disease of age. The population most likely to get it has already likely reproduced. Thus, natural selection will not select against their genes. Furthermore, dude, think about the following: cancer occurs because of MUTATIONS induced by ENVIRONMENT. Unless the cancer is germline, said mutations DO NOT AFFECT their reproductive fitness, so any child of theirs would not have cancer just because their parent did. Some genetic alleles predispose people to cancer (ex. mutants of Ras, p53), but there is no specific gene that directly causes cancer.
0	any time someone says "just follow me"  i say   "fuck that. i have a smartphone for a reason"  fuck fuck fuck fuck that.  no one should ever follow unless absolutely necessary- it is difficult to pay attention to other drivers and the person you are supposed to follow.  and the leader?  usually just assumes "well, he's following, so we good"  and proceeds to drive aggressively, change lanes unnecessarily, and will be two lanes away for an exit he makes while you are still trying to make the first pass.
0	I understand completely. Being the eldest child, my parents tell me a lot. I am going to college next year, and I have two siblings in middle school. My mom hates my dad because he drinks and smokes. She thinks that because he drinks, that he obviously cannot remember anything, and is mean when he does, which isn't true. The reality is she is a crybaby and starts sobbing when you do much more that raise your voice. He could benefit from AA, for sure, but with three kids, and making more money than her, we can't afford as a family for him to take the time off work.   In the same respect, my dad is not happy with my mom either. My feelings are about the same. She is batshit loony. She has grandiose ideas, and doesn't think them through well. She is constantly volunteering everyone in the family to do things, without consulting us, or even thinking really (just the other day she said my dad would be more than willing to go fix her friends lawnmower, and then mow her lawn. He did it, but really, why not ask first?).   Then there is the problem of her family. Her brother lived on our couch for about a year and a half when his wife left him. He is a big man, and pretty much laid on the couch the entire time, watching TV and eating us out of home. When myself and my dad were finally fed up with it, and made my mom kick him out, we realized we had about $300 more because we weren't feeding him. Now he is working his way back into our house, little by little, and neither myself our my dad like it at all, but she doesn't seem to care. At least summer is almost over and no one will be home, so he won't be able to get in. That, and now it has been 3 years since he came to our town, and he still hasn't found a job yet.   Finally, both of my parents have voiced to me that they are thinking of divorce. My mom because she feels they can't relate (when most of the time it is her that is unwilling to), and him because she is crazy. I talked my mom out of it about a month ago, and my dad says he isn't doing it because he just got switched to nights (budget cuts in a school district. Was a head custodian, now on nights), so he wants to make sure he is in the right frame of mind; but then also because he doesn't want to leave us while we are growing up, because his parents divorced when he was a kid, and he resents them for it. He also knows that because of him being switched to nights, and because around here the moms always win in custody cases, he might not see us much. With the added child support, and the fact there is nowhere to get cheap housing around here, he is just hanging in there.   Thanks for letting me vent.
0	The 7 wipes thing is excessive. You really only need a 0 wipe and you're fine. The "7 wipes" thing came from a research paper that was taken out of context about the potential for retrieving data using an electron microscope. First, that process is extremely time consuming even for a single bit, and second, that process was only marginally better than 50%. In other words, you'd be just as likely to guess what a particular bit was with a coin flip.
1	No. DFG is 3 letters. A triangle has 3 sides. No is 2 letters. 3+2=5. Teemo is 5 letters. 3x2=6. 6x111=666. Satan. Teemo. DFG.  Illuminati confirmed.
1	I know this is pretty much just an advertisement and is edited so, but I really think one of the main reasons Korean teams are one top of the esports scene is because they truly treat it professionally.  All the players seem to be well spoken, and even talk remarkably well mannered and even tempered during a match.   Half the American pro players I've seen just seem like they haven't grown up and matured past high school (granted some of them aren't much older than that but neither are the Korean players).   I can't remember who's LCS blog recap I read the other day, but it read like a 14 year old text message conversation.  Even in interviews a lot of the best American pro players just come off as completely immature and sound exactly like the 9th and 10th grade students I teach.
0	I once fell into a serious depression for about 3-4 months I had put on so much weight (40-50 lbs) that I only had one shirt and one pair off pants. I was so depressed I couldn't leave the house, I could barely leave my room. I didn't shower, shave, brush my teeth or wash my clothes the entire time. And one day, a great friend offered a helping hand and pulled me out of the hole I had become so cumbersome living in.   Hopefully OP's situation is different and he just loves how his pants fit or make him feel, but if it's in anyway relative to my story, then PM me anytime. I love to share my experiences and listen to other's run ins with depression.
0	I'm amazed at how focused so many people are about minute spelling errors, that they completely disregard the topic, and have to sate their superiority complex by drawing attention to it.
1	I was with you for the soraka to, but you lost me at jungle and AD malz...   If I was in my promo and someone decided AD malz was a good idea I'd be pretty pissed. It may work for you in low elo, but you will get picked apart by a decent enemy team. You need to expand your champion pool bro. There's a reason these picks are uncommon/seen as troll, and it isn't because you are just on the cutting edge...
1	Goddamn this interview just twists my stomach. I know Riot Games is a business and they need to make money but their continual focus on revenue generation is made all the more apparent in the answers to these questions. Let's review what I'm talking about.   Riots Highest Priority Features:   New champions.  And not even the ones that are good for the game but ones that are "most popular". This is a direct source of money through both champions, single champion packs, skins, and multi-champion packs.   Two very scary points mentioned:     It takes months to get a champion from the drawing board to release. This means that even if Riot stopped designing new champions TODAY, we would probably end up with eight or more new champions. When Maokai is released we will have 70 champions.     "How many champions do you guys have in development?" "Quite a few", they say. No one has mentioned when they will stop. They have no intention of stopping. This game will support over 120 champions by the time it's all said and done. Un-fucking-playable.       Riots Medium Priority Features:   Tribunal.  Only because it would alleviate their need to add non-income generating customer service staff. They can't handle the tickets as it is, so why not let us handle them at a minute fraction of the cost.   Graphics Engine.  As evidenced with their priorities on adding Co-Op Vs. AI and improved bots, the graphics engine update is a feature that caters to new players who are more likely to spend money on purchasing champions.   Riots Low Priority Features:   Ranked 3v3 solo queue.  Only going to work on it if there's an overwhelming request.   Mastery Pages.  Prioritizing the feature against other things we want to work on.   Banning free champs.  The feature will have to be prioritized against other features in development.   New map.  Not even gonna start working on it. "We decided that [...] we would build it on the new graphics engine."   Riot is only causing their own demise. As they release more and more champions, ignore more and more non-revenue generating requests, and cater to their new shareholders this game is going to become unplayable.   "Welcome to League of Legends! We have 120 champions, two maps, and our client is as reliable as Internet Explorer. You start with zero champions and they all look retarded! Buy this and that and you won't look like a scrub. We don't have any features that would let you take us seriously as a competitive sport such as replays or observer mode. No reason to, though, as having this many champions is impossible to balance!"
1	I always liked zion and shiphtur but i always felt that the rest of the team held them back (no hate) and i was kinda sad when they lost relegations. Then they got put as starting on team dig with my favorite bot lane and jungler in the lcs. Litterally made my life
0	Absolutely beyond the shadow of a doubt whether you are a guy or girl with no questions asked please for the love of God try to get yourself a SINGLE dorm room next year. Yes. A room all to yourself. Believe me. You will make friends with people on your floor, around town, and in your classes. The last fucking thing you need in college is to share a room with someone. In closing, get yourself a SINGLE if you can.
0	It fucks with your memory and makes you less attentive. It can eventually cause depression and panic attacks, and it is most certainly a narcotic/gateway drug. A marijuana cigarette also damages your lungs nearly 5x as bad as a tobacco cigarette does.
0	ike a lot of people, when this first surfaced in my newsfeed, i was upset. not terribly surprised, unfortunately, but upset.   i was upset because as a server, i know what its like to have the capability to pay for necessities like food and rent lie with strangers. strangers who have their own damn problems, and who are slaves to their own personal environments and stupid human emotions just as much as i am. the difference? i have to pretend like im having the BEST DAY EVER whilst working, whereas diners get to be grumpy and irrational whilst they  determine how much i get paid  based (all too often) on said environmental and mood factors. this is a hazard of the service industry, and anyone who has done it for any length of time at all knows it has a tendency to balance itself based the economic service model -a theory im working on that is as-yet unavailable to the public. but i digress.   i was upset because, while the love of my life happened to be a big, haired-over man (im looking at you, george riley), it could just as easily have been a petite, blonde woman. or a big, haired over woman.. you get my drift. and i think that nobody deserves to be discriminated against, especially for something over which they have no control.   now, though, im upset for a different reason. im upset that some waitress in Anytown, USA had so little going for her that she had to fabricate this inciting incident in order for her to have her own 15 minutes of fame. im probably a little more upset about this than i should be, but this mystery server really appealed to my soft side and had me rooting for her. YES! people should hear about this! like! share!   again, it shouldnt surprise me that this is just a narcissistic internet hoax, or a troll under the bridge flaming the naive (like me!), but it does. and it upsets me that i so eagerly jumped on the hate-the-mystery-couple-who-stiffed-the-poor-waitress bandwagon. let this be a reminder to everybody - myself included - that just because we have, at our fingertips, the entire culmination of human knowledge, it doesnt mean all information given to us is accurate. the internet is a breeding ground for collaboration, a hub of information sharing, the great communications equalizer, but remember that with the anonymity it awards us comes also the capability for deception. NOT EVERYTHING YOU SEE ON THE INTERNET IS TRUE.   basically the point of this long rant is to remind myself and everybody who sees it to check your facts and do a little evidentiary research before you circle the wagons and hand out pitchforks. this is a bad time of year to feel jaded and cynical, but we deserve it to ourselves to take the extra few minutes to research an inciting article or piece of news before the "ERMAGHERRD 0__o wut dafuq !1! These ppls aint christns n burn hell1!!!1" reaction takes hold.
1	Hey guys, there's this company that says they sell cereal. Well I've bought 10 boxes over the course of 6 months and they never had any cereal in them, just full of roaches. Be careful, do NOT get scammed by these people!"   You: "Lol fuck u where not gonna try and take them down for you im from forechun heheheheh not your personal army and
0	Here's my thinking on it; none of the things that person is bitching about are untrue. Some of the allegations against her in particular may be unfounded, but frankly, being voluntarily childfree is a selfish act. It's saying "I don't want to put someone else ahead of myself and my spouse". There's nothing inherently wrong with that line of thinking, but to state that it's unselfish is maddeningly wrong.   I get that people who disagree with them shouldn't be judgemental assholes, but you know what? If you're going to associate with a group who are insanely negative towards people who have kids, who by and large do so so that they can go on vacation, not have to care for a small human being, or have a bigger TV, or nice cars, or whatever their reasons may be, you're also giving up your right to bitch about being painted with the negative stereotype brush, just as people on the flipside of the coin give up their right to bitch when a bunch of childfree folks paint them with the brush of being breeders, overpopulators, or whatever other bullshit they like to sling back is.
0	I am an claims adjuster for a company who's break cost is .04% compared to the resf of the company..
1	hey guys, on the build half of things have any of you tried gunblade yet? my build so far is boots+3pots, ill go back and get an amp tome andbuild it into a revolver off the bat (not sure if bilgewater would be better to start with due to its active, have to test this still.) after i get revolver and cutlass i usually finish my boots based on what i need. after i get my boots i finish the gunblade up, and this is wear im having a wee bit of trouble getting down. ive been most comfortable going abyssal scepter after that followed usually by glacial shroud. the games dont last much longer than that point since its kind of expensive for a jungle but im gonna test aegis first.
1	I'm plat and will get the skin and I am very displeased and think it was a bad decision. Morgana is a stupid champion with game changing 3 second stuns and a healthy set of other skills. No one likes her imo and they just play her because her skill set is so powerful rn.
1	People who complain about how you can't manage your lane so you get them to switch, then they get killed a million times and claim it's either "because they're fed now" or "this is a different enemy champ than you had".  Meanwhile, the complaint about me was that I recalled too much... they had no jungler and I was 2v1 with a voli on top lane.
0	Don't be fooled though, an additional $17,000 when you retire is a large amount of money!   You're forgetting about inflation.  $17k in 2014 dollars is a good amount of money.  $17k in 2044 dollars will probably be worth about half or even less in terms of purchasing power.   30 years ago gas was around $1, and you could buy a brand new car for like $6 to 8k.  compare with prices now and think how far $17k will get you 30 years from now inflation proceeds to go up at the rate it has been.
1	As a top laner I just have one thing to say, like you I am not super high Elo I am only silver 2, but I want you to understand especially in top lane, if someone gets 3 kills on you, generally they are Goanna have at least 2 levels and because of how top lane is played that means they can easily start diving, and if their jungler comes top again, they can just continually dive, so when it's 20 mins in the game I'm 0/3 but I have more cs than my lane, maybe you should come top ONE time because when top lane is a riven, or a jax, or a cho gath, and they start 1v3ing because they are fed, you and everyone one else on the team are going to blame me, the guy in an essentially 2v1 lane all game who was "abandoned because they are a lost cause" especially when top gets three kills and then starts roaming because they are a decent player, now you have to contend with the jungler ganking and top ganking,
1	What's up
0	Listen to [this]( get back on that horse and plow away my man. Some people don't make it to the top of Everest on their first attempt, it's what they chose to do after that first failure that matters.
0	You need more upvotes.  I almost quit Reddit before I found out you could unsubscribe from /r/atheism because of how horrible it made me feel about myself. I never questioned my faith because I knew what I believed and that I had every right to believe it, but even while trying to sensor out the bad posts I would accidentally click on one that seemed harmless and end up crying because the comments and general message made me feel like less than scum. And the cause was always two-fold, first I would be upset because of how the stupid ignorant people calling themselves Christians would make a mockery of my right to believe in God, and second because of the cruelty the generalizations of /r/atheism made about Christians.  It made me feel like less than dirt and I spent a lot of time depressed and miserable about it.
1	they may be getting ddosed right now but that has been my general sense of how this game has been going, they gain the most from the pro scene, so everything they do is for that small percentage of pro players and things to improve the pro scene. I started playing a little over 2 years ago, and my first opinion was wow these people really care about their game, at the time i thought bungie did a good job of it up until halo reach. Riot was like cristano ronaldo or messi where the others where like a varsity athletes in high school in terms of being a community friendly game. I can't say the same anymore, if you think about the changes riot does in terms of "how can we milk the most money out of the pro scene" thing like why there isnt a system to deal with 4v5's make so much more sense. In the lcs there will never be a 4v5, so why waste the resources to brainstorm, create, test, and implement a system that's going to yield 0 returns. And honestly "it can be abused" should not be an excuse for the game or the company 4 or 5 years after its release, nor should it be accepted by the community.
1	I love how no one from Riot has popped up to even contribute. I'd love to hear what a Riot guy has to say about the current report system. Seems that the toxic players are benefiting from this automatic chat restriction system.
1	This, masteries have always been low bonuses you cant possibly fill out a mastery tree without some of these "traps" that just so happen to be the best points to take in each tree.
1	Of course youre right. The new champions that have been released have all more or less been priced at maximum. And only a few champions have been reduced in price.   But couldn't one argue that new champions are supposed to be that way?   I would rather a new player be purchasing and using and learning to play on champs like Annie, Ashe, and Garen instead of Ahri, Draven, or Riven.   New champs are more complicated and  generally  have higher skill caps.   The original 'core' champs are as cheap or cheaper than release and will provide a new player all the skills they need to both identify their preferred play style and fill up a pool of roles.   No one needs to own all champions. If i decide after playing Annie that I want to play AP mid, I can go and purchase a handful of those, while skipping the AD/jungle/supports completely.   Seems to be working as intended.   I guess
0	I remember taking my SAT and overhearing this girl tell her friends that she had forgotten her test.  Since the test was being administered at her own public school, she lived within the district and definitely could have had her mom/dad drive back with it; there was just enough time before we started.  Anyway, a few weeks later I was retaking the SAT and there she was again, but now she had her calculator.  It pisses me off to no end that she had wasted her own as well as her parents' time and money, regardless of whether or not her score improved.  Needless to say, some ppl just don't care enough.
1	Since 3.14, every game I've played support in, I find that I'm having to hold back a LOT to ensure that the ADC is actually getting the kills. I'm barely trying to poke the enemy team back, and I'm nearly killing them every time.   This could have something to do with the tier I'm playing in having no idea what we're doing... but at the same time, it didn't play out this way before the patch.
0	You think that is bad, I was working alone in the mens department and running around like a crazy person helping everyone.  One guy walks up to me and asks if I could help him.  I tell him of course, he walked me over to a shirt and says he needs a medium in it.  I am about to tell him I will check in the back when he walks me over to another shirt, and tells me he will need his size in that as well.  Then walks me over to a hoody and tells me he wants to try that on to.  I ask him then if he looked for his size yet, he did not.  He then looks at me and waits for me to get his size for each item (2/3 of them were the one on top).   I am about to open his fitting room when he says he also needs shorts, so I show him where they are.  He then bends down and points to the one he wants and says he needs a 32, then gets up and points to 2 others and says he need his size in them as well.  I ask him if he could check the other two while I look for the first one, he ignores me saying that and just watches me pull his sizes out.  I then walk him to a fitting room and check up on him a bit later.   He tries to pull the same thing again with me but I do not have the time to act as this mans servant, so I just tell him I will help him in a minute.  He gets flustered and walks up to the cash rap.  I then over hear the cashier ask him if anyone helped him, he says "No, I had to do everything myself".  I immediately walkie over to the cashier and say "Bull shit, I had to pull each one of those sizes as he watched me."
0	You are arguing against shame but it seems you are arguing abuse. Because you keep saying stuff like "What makes you different than someone that attack individuals? If you are serious then we have no need to talk. Everyone in here has the idea of fat shaming bringing physically harm and bring people to the point of suicide. You are dramatic, and saying things that are just not true. I'm sorry I'm done talking to you because no matter what I say you've made up your mind.   Let me break this down for you. I in no way meant a physical attack. Context clues, use them please. You can attack an argument, an idea, a person's ego. Attack does not automatically mean that I'm charging into battle with a sword swinging.   Attack in this context is an attack on someone's mental health and confidence through the action of shaming.   >I'm sorry I'm done talking to you because no matter what I say you've made up your mind.   You were defending an idea, I was attacking the idea. You seem to be under the delusional pretenses that it was somehow the opposite way around. Of course my mind is made up, the whole point of this is I'm trying to make  you  see reason.   >You honestly sound like a tumblr femenist.   Feminist* Also, nice ad-hominem.   >You are deluding yourself into thinking things that aren't true by being passionate.   What is the truth in this context? That fat people deserve to made to feel like shit for their own benefit? What a hero. Believe it or not, but kicking someone while they're down more often than not doesn't help them get back up.   > It's good that you care, it just sucks that you are stupid.   Your posts are filled with grammatical and spelling errors, you have trouble addressing any of the points I make directly beforehand and then outright gave up in this one, and then you completely miss all context clues as to the meaning of a word and have to have it spelled out like a child.   Ever heard the idea that someone is so ignorant they literally cannot comprehend how ignorant they are? The cyclical perpetual system of being so ignorant that you're ignorant about your own ignorance on any number of issues. But I doubt you're reading by this point anymore as I'm thinking you barely read my other posts because "
1	you just were complaining it was a "new build" yet several of those builds are almost exactly the same as the ones they are building now.   so you are changing your arguement now that you are proven wrong, with proof that this isint a "new" build. you even said you had 10k games and never saw fizz top.   champs may roam at slighlty different times, but they are under the same circumstances. anyone who plays tops, especially pros, have a sense when its a good idea to roam or not, when to push when to freeze ect. although yes it varies slightly from champ to champ based on power spikes and items, farm team comp and everything else, the fact is overall, the feel for top stays the same. Theres basically a checklsit you go through and if roaming warrants it, then you do it. its not like i hit X level or i got X item, that means off i go!   irelia and riven for instance may roam slightly different, but under the same circumstances, they try to push the wave or push the other laner out, and then roam for free. while the time line may differ the general strategy is the same.   power spikes in lane, are not really different unless you are taking a really bad skill level path. items vary, but not much, as fizz needs the burst from a sheen item and the sustain synergy from botrk to be effective. weather you go sheen or cutlas first both will give you a decent power spike at relatively the same time.
0	As someone with a DUI on his record, I wish to say, "FUCK YOU!!"...   But you don't really deserve that. There's no telling if you did the right thing or not, but in my opinion, you did the right thing. Sometimes people only learn by going through an ordeal, as opposed to being told about it. I got my DUI when I was essentially sober (0.021 BAC but I was underage and the limit is 0.020). Had I not gotten a DUI and had it not hurt me so much financially, I probably would have continued drinking and driving until I got caught or hurt someone. Thankfully that never happened. Now three years later, I really put thought into my nights  out. Many people fail to realize that a $20 or even $50 cab ride is infinitely cheaper than getting a DUI.
1	A pretty good portion of this sub-reddit claims to be in "ELO Hell", you aren't going to get a very positive response. I more or less agree with your post, the same held true in HoN and to a lesser extent the lower SC2 brackets.   When you are unable to influence the game enough to win more than you lose (out of a high number of games) you have reached your current true ELO. Complaining about bad teams will not make you any better, playing more games and taking advantage of the other team's idiots will.
1	It does. I've played 9 games i think of ap naut since that video and done well individually in most of those games, and even when i didnt my scoreline was poor more due to poor team performance (myself included) or some other factor.   AP reds, Scaling HP yellows, scaling AP blues, AP quints.  21/9/0 Start Flask/3pots/yellowtrinket   just survive best you can till 6 (though you put out good damage as long as you time your cc right) and get a roa ASAP, after that you have a few choices. DFG is my favorite I think, every one of your abilities does magic damage so DFG is murder. Other 2nd item choices are zhonyas/nashors(it's quite good for naut in this build)/abysal   i even went even/beat in lane a diamond zed with a plat ww babysitting mid lane (i'm gold5 though think i am slightly better than this may indicate) while my autolock garen jungle was spinning around in the jungle.
1	All of Nidalee's cougar abilities gain damaged based on her ultimates level so unless you ONLY want to use the ult to escape you should probably still level it up so you can deal damage with her cougar abilities.
0	It was a conscious decision actually. I was at a point in my life where everything I had valued was coming apart in front of me and honestly I was in the pits of despair for a while. I realized the only thing I could control was myself and I made the conscious decision to do whatever I could to improve myself. I was at a point where all I felt was inadequate and disappointed in myself, and I realized only I could change it and that I had to take it one step at a time. If you had told me just 8 months ago that I would go from eating like shit to being a vegetarian and a guy who  has  to work out before he can feel his day is complete, I'd have probably called you a bullshitter and shrugged it off.   As for diet, it took me a total of 3 months before I actually learned how to eat. It took me another month before I implemented it and everyday it's a conscious decision to not take the easy way out and buy that supposedly healthy "lean cuisine" instead of spending 20 minutes cooking. At the time, I was working a 3rd shift job overnight doing menial tasks and luckily management did not care if I listened to audio books so I downloaded everything I could and listened for 8 hours a day everyday on nutrition, diets, and motivational speeches. I listened and I slowly started restructuring my diet. First thing first, I cut down on my sugars and processed foods. I didn't eliminate anything from my diet until this past November. In December I started eating leaner cuts of meats and incorporated vegetables. At first I had no idea what to do with vegetables other than potatoes, corn, mushrooms and onions so I bought vegetable blends and just stir fried it if nothing else. After a long time of not consuming endless amounts of sugars, I realized that vegetables ain't all that bad (I used to think they tasted gross). Starting in January, partly because I found myself spending gross amounts of money on chicken breast, I tried going vegetarian. It was a bit hard, and still is, to learn how to prepare foods ahead of time and how to cook it but it's a work in progress. So far I'm rather enjoying it because now I spend at most 30 minutes a day cooking and I spend roughly $200 a month on groceries now which is roughly $2 a meal. I eat a lot of different legumes, greens, more potatoes than I care to admit, lots of egg whites with the occasional yolk, milk, and snack on fruits. By the way, bananas are amazing at $0.39/lb where I am at, it's a ridiculously cheap snacking food instead of buying beef jerky. Unlike most people, I don't count calories anymore either since it puts me in this strange mindset where I have to eat x amount of food. However, I'm not looking to gain but lose weight and so far it's been working.   As for exercising, I started off actually just walking. It's so simple it flies over our heads. Many of my friends do Beachbody programs and I chose to walk. My objective was to lose weight and be healthier, and frankly, walking is easy on me, gives me time to just wind down and relax, and its been healthy. After about 3 months of walking, I figured I'd give Insanity a try with all of the yooha I got from friends about it. I did it for 30 days before I got bored. To me it felt like glorified cardio and I felt I could get a better cardio session running around my neighborhood. Mind you, running "1 block" on my neighborhood is equivalent to 1 mile (I tested it on Nike+ Run) thanks to being filled with 3 different apartment complexes and a park. Afterwards, I actually went to a gym near my neighborhood but was disappointed by the lack of training the "personal trainer" had and the lack of an actual bench press or squat rack so I resigned myself to exercising at home due to a lack of car.   So I started learning calisthenics. I got onto my computer, as most of us do, and instead of typing in reddit or facebook or something like that I simply googled "body weight exercise" and bam! Calisthenics it was. So that's what I decided on. Of course I get shit from it from some people but I feel I have no reason to manipulate other weights until I can actually handle my own weight and it's what has kept it fun and interesting for me. Besides, I have major motivation just from looking at the insane things people can do with their body on youtube, Frank Medrano, Bar Bros, and Ido Portal to name the first few that I stumbled upon. Seriously watching them do what they do simply made me go "That. I want to do that." and that was the end of that.   As far as how to get started, I think it begins first with the mentality. You have to make the conscious decision to go through with it. A lot of people want to change/improve/do something but I feel a lot of people do not make the conscious effort to do it even when they do not want to do it. So step 1 is a mentality change; you start doing the shit you don't want to do because you know it is what you have to do to get what you want. Once you can do that bit where you do things even when you do not want to you'll naturally progress forward. I think this is where a lot of people fail, but afterwards it becomes a lot easier.   Afterwards, is the part where you begin to like what you do and want to learn more. This is the best part and so far where I feel I am at. Right here is where you want to learn anything and everything about a particular subject. You start reading everything you can, asking people, listening to people, and eating up all the information you can find on it and then attempting to do it (ideally in a safe way). You continue to do it and you start to love doing it and in a mundane way, you slowly gain mastery.   The last part of it, I think, is when it sort of consumes you. What you wanted becomes a part of you and you absolutely want to share that bit to anyone who would listen. Of course it doesn't necessarily mean you go out and preach it but when people ask you share to the best of your ability. And when you've reached this part, it's already become a part of you and you do it everyday without fail.   So really, it all comes down to the old questions: "Do  you  really want it?" and "How  bad  do you want it?" And if you say you really want it and you want it bad then even if you don't want to do the things you have to do, you do it anyway because that's how bad you want it and if you don't, then you just don't want it bad enough.   As far as weight loss is concerned, I do believe people should be less concerned about weight as a factor of weight loss. The scale  will  destroy you. I say, step on it when you commit to losing weight to see where you start... and then step on it again in six months or whenever you feel you've progressed and you will succeed in your own mind. Weighing yourself everyday and even every week however, I think, weighs on your mind because you see no progress and give up. You just got to see it as an investment, and the way I think of it, I'm building myself into my image, my masterpiece, with my own two hands slowly and one day I  will  get there but until then I  must  keep hammering away.   /End of rant.
0	I didn't know where to put this so here will have to do. for some reason I really hope Amy sees your post, I don't know if you ever told her how you felt but, to me at least, it's clear that you love her very much and I hope she knows it. I sincerely hope guys can get through this, be together and be  happy . we only live once so do what makes you happy and to hell with anyone who says otherwise. Best of luck to you OP, live long and prosper.   this turned out longer than expected so:
1	Yeah, I have lots of experience dominating shitty people lately (climbed from 720 to 1030 elo) and this man is correct when it comes to playing with noobs.   Wards are great but if you are the best player on your team it is possible to be over spending on them. They are only 75 gold but if your shitty teammates don't pay attention to them and get ganked anyway then they are a waste. EDIT: I don't mean don't get them, in reality the time they take to plant if you must walk 20 seconds there and back to plant them is a HUGE chunk of time.   I have had games where I end up with 100+ more CS than the other teams average. Being up 1000 gold by the start of the mid game usually is the beginning of the snowball that rolls me to my victories.   Once you start the mid game, it is so dependent on who you are. As mundo I would focus on pressuring the enemy. Keep them defending, chasing, reacting, etc to you so they can't capitalize on the other 4 retards on your team standing in bushes waiting. When I play veigar I would focus most on farming and as carefully as possible becoming the voice of the team. Since you can't push alone you will need to be on the same page as the others. Not saying I need to be the leader or anything, it's just the point in the game that the dummies realize they want to win and you are the only person who is making sense.   If you are playing with noobs I would definitely suggest picking someone like singed or mundo who have the two things I value most. #1 The ability to pressure turrets and get away and that #2 in team fights it is a terrible idea to target them first. Playing veigar I feel completely reliant on my team knowing what to do, I can burst carries in team fights and gank them, but i can't take the wheel and drive my team to a win. As mundo I can pressure turrets whenever the other team is out of position and if the other team wants to target me first in team fights then fine, even 4 noobs should be able to beat 5 noobs who just wasted every spell on mundo in a team fight.   EDIT: I have no idea what Elo you are at, I don't want to say you are a noob or that I can do this at 1200 or 1400 or even 1100 Elo. However, I have seen posts on reddit where people claim they are sub 1000 Elo and do not know why. Well I used to think that but I have learned what winning involves, and played games where I felt I was the only one.
0	My friend from school has the best way of dealing with this type of awkward situation: When she realizes no one is listening anymore or everyone has lost interest she says at the end, "And then I found five dollars." Usually, for those who have not heard her say it a bazillion times (Me), people's reaction is like, "What?!" "Where?!" and they are completely re-interested in this new topic of how she found five dollars. Although, to me it's so watered down because she says it so much, I just get a kick out of the reactions people have who've never heard her say it before.
0	Coworker took in a counterfeit fifty, which a guy brought in and bought a slice of pizza for $1.50. She asks me when she's doing the till that night if the fifty felt weird to me, so I grab it and inspect it. Its texture felt like it'd gone through the wash, no alarm bells to me, I've done it many times. I hold it up to the light, and the strip and watermark is there. I say it's good, and that's that.   Wrong: next day, police come in when I'm getting ready to open shop. One of them holds up an evidence bag with a fifty dollar bill in it, and informs me it's counterfeit. I'm sure I turned pale, I knew it was the bill I'd inspected the night before. I thought I was going to lose my job right along with my coworker.   The officer shows me why I didn't notice. The suspect had washed a $5 bill, which leaves the watermark and strip intact. Since it was legal tender, it'll pass the pen test. Just print up a new bill, and voilà, if you did well enough you can fool us pizza plebs. They got away with it because I held it away from me, looking quickly and not noticing Grant wasn't the watermark.   We were the first shop to get hit in the area. We remembered what he looked like and he ended up behind bars quickly because he tried the stunt again at the coffee shop. Owned by my bosses.
0	When I worked there in 2007, it was absolutely awful. I hated having to push so many unwanted products on people who really just wanted to buy whatever they had in their hands already and leave. "Oh, I know you just wanted this game, but have you thought about getting this subscription? No? What about preordering this game? No to that too? Well..."   It was mind-numbing. I wasn't too huge a fan of constantly trying to rearrange the games that some knucklehead kids would come in and fuck up.   Being paid by way of a company debit card sucked too.
1	it's impossible to get gold from placements in the new system so people can't get on lucky streaks during placements for gold, you have to actually earn it now.
1	I'm assuming when you said "I've started playing DOTA ever since they added the Australian server" you're learning the game from scratch.     The ping difference is massive. If you haven't noticed it, it's probably due to the turnrates and attack/spell animations that Dota has.     Dodging spells is a lot easier. e.g. Storm Spirit balling around to dodge spells. These things can change the game.       and in response to your
1	Here's the thing about the sweeping idea. It's either going to be too strong or too weak, simply because of how it functions. If you balance it like a conal aoe, it's going to be weaker than it should. If you balance it like a skillshot, it'll be stronger than it should be, since it's not really a skill shot, even though in best use cases that's how it would be used.   Think of it from the point of the user. If I know it goes from left to right from my character, why would I ever start the ability unless my animation will start where my opponent is? The intended counterplay of this sweeping ability is that my opponent can see it and react by moving to the right, but if I simply start the skill on him, he can't dodge it. Now the ability has to have its damage balanced around it being a line skillshot with aoe, which means it would be weaker than the intended use case, where you cast it with the opponent centered inside the ability, giving them the time to out play it but tuning the damage higher to compensate.   Some other options I can think of that could be used would be to give it a cast time, but that always feels bad at melee range since the opponent can walk out of it so easily, but would allow some power to be put back in. Another would be to give the sweep more range the longer it goes, increasing damage as it travels, but this doesn't fit the character ww is. That would be more of a Zac ability, since he already has extend-o arms. I could keep going, but I think I've made my point.
0	Not to mention the person not knowing how to properly do your laundry; what gets hung? what has to be washed cold, warm, hot? did she sorts blacks, whites, etc? Did she put underwear and bras in a lingerie bag? too many factors to consider
1	Old Graph but shows the makeup of the League Community by rank. The general trends hold true today](   Notice how the vast majority of the community is made up of Bronze and Silver Players. Aka the 44% LB Win Rates is a number  MOST  representative of  bronze and silver  level of play. So the question is: are LB players losing because the makeup of LB players are still learning mechanics? Or is it because LB is weak.   I think, the potential for LB is there. Her ability to deal high levels of burst while being able to escape pressure makes her a  great  assassin. However, I do not think she is the  best  assassin. But then again,  not every champ can be the best champ.   What would be more useful information to me is: Win Rate w/LB in Bronze, Silver, Gold, etc. shown individually.
0	My English teacher told us a story about Shirley Temple that happened to him roughly 20 years ago. He said he bought a book she wrote and he went to her signing. He said he was in line with hundreds of people. Midway through the line, Shirley Temple exclaimed that her hand was beginning to ache, so she gave up an walked out leaving a a few hundred people disappointed. As she was walking out, however, my teacher smacked her butt with the book. He then gave the book to his grandmother as a gift and told her that he couldn't manage to get a signature, but he got something better.
1	he sure did,after i wrote my response,not before
1	Yeah. I mean it means some stuff but you cant tell if someone is good at the game or not just by their ranks. The game has a lot of different aspects to it and ranking system mesures your ability to use your game knowladge more then actually having thay knowladge. I know so many people that are low elo and know so much about the game. They lack in practice but does that mean they are bad at the game? Just because you are bad at one part of the game it doesnt mean you are bad entirely.   Lets take Ciderhelm as an example. When I last checked he was Gold 4 but he knows so much about the game.   I dont know if Im making sense here but this is what I think. Plus some people such as me dont play ranked. If you look at my profile you will see Im bronze 1 but you cant see that last time I played ranked was months ago.
0	Yeah I had a teacher do something just as fucked-up to me. I spent 6 weeks in the hospital one spring and I got written permission from the dean to take "Incompletes" in all my courses and finish them  by the end of the next semester I was enrolled in , which the dean was aware was the next fall. (To make this more clear, I missed classes from spring break through spring finals, and I was given until mid-December to make up the missed assignments and tests.)   One of my teachers insisted that "we had agreed" all my work was supposed to be done by the end of the  summer  semester following my hospitalization. OK, whatever, lady, I'll try. I got almost all of her work finished over the summer via online submissions, but the online final she had set up for me glitched and wouldn't load. I sent her screenshots of what was going on within five minutes and then attempted again several more times, but since I had already opened and closed the assignment, the program wouldn't allow me back into it.   So she knew that the test she gave me gave me technical difficulties and I was living with my parents in a city two hours away, recovering from my illness and surgeries, and had no way to get to campus until my mother could take me to move back into the dorms for the fall. This teacher was fully aware of that, and had agreed to the terms set by the dean for my incomplete coursework.   Once I got to campus for the fall, I contacted her at least twice a week throughout the entire semester to try to schedule a time to do the final for her class. She ignored all my calls and emails, and the handful of times I showed up at her office, scoffed at me and said the words "I don't have time for you." She was really bitchy about it, but I tried to just let it go and assume she meant she was busy with her current classes or her children or something and that she'd get back to me. I should have gone to her department head much sooner than the last week of the fall semester, but I didn't think she was seriously not going to let me take her final until it got that late and she was still actively sabotaging my attempts.   The department head sided with the teacher. He said that she had already told him what was going on and that I might try to "come whining to him about it" (Whining? Really), but that "we had agreed to a deadline," (No, we didn't.) and that I was just panicking because I had been "lazy and disrespectful to her" (motherfucking WHAT). He told me that regardless of any personal issues between the two of us, he could not allow me to retake her final because the end of two semesters had passed since it was assigned to me. I showed him the written and signed agreement with the dean of the college, stating that I had until 5pm on December 17 to finish all my coursework from the hospitalization, and he wouldn't budge on it.   I took the issue to the dean of the college, who told me that "this late in the game, he couldn't do anything about it." It was a fuckton of bullshit.   I never got to take her final and ended up dropping a letter grade in the class...  after  she had told me that the gradebook for that semester was permanently closed, which was the reason she "couldn't" let me take the final that late. The douchebag department head isn't the department head anymore though, so there's that.
1	Bard is one of my mains and I do not normal cast neither smart cast w/range indicators his E. I know sometimes you have to know when it is going to go, but most of the times i use it for scaping from or baiting the enemy, and I have to react fast.
0	The Lion king was pretty cool in 3D (they layered everything really well so itwas less jarring in 3D than it could have been) but Beauty and the Beast was  awful  in 3D. During production Belle's character was notorious for being difficult to keep on model, and boy howdy does it show in scenes where she isnt the focus of the shot. I mean, production was super rushed so some cut corners are totally expected, but the big screen (and in 3D!) did not do that movie any favours.
1	Dont play ranked. Unless you aspire to be a pro player, who gives a single f*ck about a 4 digit number? Sure, it may show your skill, but at the end of the day, going through  insults, trolls, children, flamers, unlucky games and other foolery just for a rating ain't worth it. Play normal draft, or if you really want to get into ranked, get a regular friend that you can trust.
1	b-bbuutt little legitimate news that use eye-catching headlines is the staple of esportshaven   I'm not arguing the legitimacy of your website/articles   I'm saying you use as little facts as possible with the most eye popping titles.   Sounds mad bro :^)
1	We should be looking at WotA and saying "This item works on some champions, just like gunblade works on some champions. What other item could be added that might benefit champions that need spell vamp and not mana." My vote would be a combo of Seekers Armguard and Hextech Revolver. Something that gives Vamp, AP, and Armor would be good on Vlad. Revolver and Specters Cowl could do the same with MR. One that gives CDR and Vamp but maybe has an active that spends health for a burst of AP for a short time.
0	I do that, but only because I would finish before everyone else, and a teacher would yell at me because it was "impossible to finish a test that fast." So I would go and sit until about 5 people turned theirs in, then turn mine in without changing anything.  We get it back, and I had an A+
0	Happened to me after 6 and a half years working at a Walmart distribution center.  A memo came down saying get rid of everyone that was close to being full vested in the company's profit sharing (so the company wouldn't have to pay them out) me and 4 other guys on my shift were let go for various bullshit reasons.  Mine was for "allowing" merchandise to be destroyed because they refused to replace broken shipping lanes that didn't have sensors that stopped the flow of freight.  I attempted to get my unemployment and was denied.  Walmart didn't even bother having someone call in for the phone "meeting" and they still didn't have to pay because they have all the lawyers in the world.
1	Yeah, its also the fact that i would consider her a pretty low fun champ to play, rather just a champ to win.   I don´t wanna blame people for tryharding, but picking sona every game shes open kind of makes feel that way. Also it feels like it forces any team to pick her if shes open cause if not, may end up enemy team having one and yours none.
0	I was always the weird skinny kid in high school that got picked last in PE. 'Round came flag football and some poor team got stuck with me.  Not long into the first game, however, the ball got thrown to me. I caught it and did the only thing in the sport that I knew how to do: I ran it. I outran those behind me and jumped over those in front of me all the way to the endzone.  And this happened every time I got the ball. Soon enough, my team had nicknamed me Freight Train because I was "unstoppable."  It was one of the more bizzare nicknames I ever had, but it was acceptable. I'm not quite sure why anyone would  want  to be called that, though.
0	Even if there are enough guns to go around, the majority of the population isn't capable of wielding them with any effectiveness.  They'd like to think they are all snipers, but in reality accurate gun use is just hard.  Even with a semi or fully automatic weapon (probably even more then due to recoil) you're going to have difficulty hitting a target.  Most ammunition would not pierce modern tank armor either.  In WWII technology wasn't so effective at stopping the standard bullet.  In other countries where our servicemen and women are killed by the enemy, it can often be attributed to IEDs and trained individuals.  While certainly effective, if the purpose of the invading force was destruction they'd only have to go up against trained individuals and they could kill anyone else.  Thus lowering the number of individuals who would, in the future, be trained.  But this is all red dawn type stuff and I highly doubt any of the superpowers would move against the US, let alone any other superpower.  The US spends more on defense than any other country by a large margin and the size of our military and our capabilities reflect that.  They may be able to inflict damage and fight us, but if we were just trying to capture a country and force its entire population and government into submission (rather than rooting out terrorist organizations without treating the actual reason why the terrorist organizations are growing within those countries) it would be pretty ... ugly.   Second thing - I'm not 100% familiar with all gun ownership laws.  And you are right, we certainly take away the right for mentally ill and felons.  But I'm talking about people as common as my neighbor.  He may be able to use a rifle properly to go hunting.  That's great.  But in my opinion he needs to prove that he is capable of being responsible with it.  While concealed carry permits (where necessary) usually require a class and licensing, general ownership does not.   Again, because it is a right, my non-mentally ill neighbor could purchase a handgun with absolutely no idea how to use it, store it, keep it safe and prevent its misuse (I'm using a hypothetical neighbor as I have no idea the actual nature of my neighbor in this regard).  Then, in a fit of rage, he could use the gun.  Or he could attempt to pull the gun on an intruder and find himself unable to actually fire out of fear or completely miss.  The presence of the gun can easily escalate a burglary and get you assaulted where you would otherwise not.  Though, I'm not gonna lie - I know that it is a rare occurrence that a burglar is going to stay in a house if they know someone is in the house, and is more likely to flee in every aspect than fight.  But a gun might scare them into it.   That being said - there are plenty of people who own guns who simply do not know how to operate them.  If it was not a born right, but rather one that you had to prove you were responsible enough for, you'd find ownership to be much more productive and fewer people would have a problem.   However , even with a situation like that.  Even with every citizen being barred from gun ownership - this recent tragedy would have still happened.  I'm not so naive that I think it would have prevented this.  He was a soldier (or at least was) and so even in the world where no citizen is allowed a gun, he still would have had one.  Additionally, there would still be individuals who obtain guns illegally.  Though, it would be far fewer.  I'm also aware that in countries where guns are outlawed the violent crime rate can still be comparable to the rate in the US when you account for the difference in statistical reporting.  The only thing that declines is the death rate of individuals from a violent crime and the use of guns in violent crime.  Violent crime still happens.   So, yeah - my biggest issue is I want people to be forced to be trained and responsible.  The only way to  force  someone to be trained and responsible is to not have it as a born right, but as a privilege obtainable by anyone willing to go through the training in order to show the intent to act responsibly.  But you have to repeal the natural right to bear arms before you can force people to do that for basic gun ownership.
0	I'll try to avoid statements that make me seem ignorant. Let me know if I've failed that.   Being 17 I have an undeniable urge to defend fellow teenagers. That said, not everyone deserves my defense. One should exercise caution when generalizing a statement about any group, because those they mindlessly condemn that do not fit the preconceived mold by which they judge will inevitably feel betrayed. I'm not saying you're all wrong, I just feel some people are pointing a gun at others who don't deserve it, while hiding behind the excuse that they're a teenager and by extension (one which evidently need not be proved) they are guilty. Understand there is a difference between people that are obnoxious, ignorant, pretentious, immature, and ill-tempered that happen to be between the ages of 12 and 20 and the entirety of teenagers.
0	It's a mixed bag. My parents did not have a good marriage but neither would initiate a divorce. It probably would have been better for them if they had, but my brother and I would not have done well under joint custody.   I had a big falling out with my father while I was in college, which finally convinced my mom to initiate a divorce, and my brother and I were old enough that custody was no longer an issue.
1	I know the people who hire the casters want non-stop talking.   But for what my opinion is worth, if you have nothing to say, don't talk. If you have something insiteful like "Oh wow, Morello's Evil Tome isn't a common item, let me explain why the player got this." but when it's crap like "Well Graves has built some attack damage, he's sure going to want to do some damage to people!"  Yeah. No shit.
1	Explanation here. WAKE UP RITO, FOR ONCE!   It's an old tactic and the safest way to boost if you're not really sure of what you are doing by logging into clients' accounts, it's also less intrusive. Basically, that account with the fancy Trynd stats is his smurf. He loses a ton of games to tank his MMR to some ludicrously low value, then duo queues with a client who, say, is Silver V and wants to get boosted to Gold.   When he is duo queing he obviously tryhards with Tryndamere and, because he's probably a Diamond+ player, and is being matched with Silver players, he stomps all over them.   The problem with this is that it is not a very effective way of boosting. Why? For one, the MMR disparity is HUGE, which means that, say his MMR is 600 elo, his duo is 1400. Together, they average 1000 elo, which means the opposing team will have MMRs around 1000 elo.   Now say that they win the game (obviously). The 1400 elo player won  against 1000 elo, as the system expected he'd do 80% of the time, so the system compensates that and he receives less LP, probably 8-10 instead of 20. Oppositely, his smurf account with 600 elo just won vs ~1000, which the system did not expect to happen, so he is compensated with a high LP amount, probably receives 30-40 lp for that single victory instead of 20.   What that means is that when doing this, his MMR (and consequently LP) raise really fast, so for every game he wins this way, he has to troll 2-3 games to tank it back down. And his client will be climbing reaaaaaally slowly. It's a long and ineffective process.   HOWEVER , when Season 3 arrived with that fancy "promo" matches, things got really, really, really interesting and boosters all over the world rejoiced. Why? Think about it, when you are into a promo the system  doesn't  care what the enemy MMR is, or how much LP you'd win. It just cares if you win or not. If you win 3 out of 5 games of your Diamond V promotion, even if against Snow V people, it still counts as victories, and you still advance through the promos. So, just duo queue when in promo and voilá. Not only that, until recently you couldn't drop Tiers. Free money and free gold/plat/dia borders for everyone!   But wait, we can still exploit this a little further: let's say he has/is a highly skilled player close to his Challenger promotions. As any Challenger player worth his salt will tell you, if anything it's luck more than anything that guarantees that you win those promotions at your first try. That, + the hardcore clamping that occurs at Dia I + DdOS'ers + ragers/afks in general, make it really tempting to just be done with those matches at your first try, and enjoy the 1 week (or 2 weeks, dunno) immunity to demotion you get.   So... your highly skilled friend whom you met at Diamond I creates an account and trolls his way to negative elo. Then, you duo queue, one in a challenger account, the other in the smurf account.   Play 3 games in a row against Platinum players as Diamond I/almost challenger and enjoy the free promotion to the highest, most competitive tier in the game.
1	Ap Trynd Has no Bonus armor until zhonya + No bonus MR, His only laning harras is E + AA. If Avoided any high burst champion with a built in sustain can beat Trynd, Like Kha'zix, Renekton, Rengar or even Olaf. I would say Darius can also beat him since his harras is good, but his Ult would be countered.   An AP Champ like Singed would consider this an easy lane, If Trynd decided to trade all singed would do is to continue on trailing his poison and fling ONLY when HE wants to,  An AP tank like Swain would feast on trynd after 6, Since Trynd has to get close and Swain Should Predict Trynd's movement to land his W, And if Trynd gets too close, E + Q + Ult will finish Trynd.   AP Trynd relays on Items, Yes he does have a huge amount of AP in the beginning but if he is zoned from CSing he is screwed in the late game.   Going full AP Trynd is making it work, But he is squishy and can be dealt with like the normal AD trynd, But AD trynd usually builds a BT (Lifesteal) making him a bit hard to kill after ult sometimes, AP trynd if focused by a bruiser in Team fights he should be nulled in a normal game.   Those are my thoughts, I'm trying to be helpful ^^ If I'm wrong it's ok I tried
1	We've known since Quakeworld that cross country pings is not conductive to online competitive play.  Hate to break this to you, but Chicago is a bad ping for just as many people as it's a good one.  There's no real decent solution other than to do what every other major game that ping matters in ; release the server executable to the public and let them host their own or host your servers in a variety of different cities to cater to the geography of the united states ala Blizzard   EDIT
0	Tell you what. Why don't you try eating your next meal with a blanket over your head?   Seriously? Get the fuck over it. You're a server. You have to look at food all day. Is it awkward that you look at others eating when you're hungry? No. It's a goddamn tit and it's being used to feed. If it was awkward for you, it was awkward FOR YOU. She obviously didn't give a fuck. Look at the goddamn tit if you want. Fuck, be a creeper and ogle the damn thing. Or just do your job and act like its any OTHER part of her body doing it's designed function. Like her nose. Or eyes. Or mouth.   Yes, I get that you felt uncomfortable. And it's always a good for a laugh story. Even the mom knows that.   Why the fuck does YOUR consideration matter? The priority is the feed the baby. Do you expect us to put skirts on cows when milking them? Of course not.   It isn't common courtesy. You felt awkward because a mother was feeding so she has to jump through hoops to feed her child so that you don't blush?  Where's  YOUR  GODDAMN COURTESY, BITCH?
0	I just don't even know where to start with this ...   IMO:   The dude is a mess. Stop banging him until he gets his shit straight.   FWB do not buy each other dinner. They do not do anything coupley or romantic ... It's friends ... with benefits. Not Friends with "I'm not sure I'm ready to date you so I'll bang you while I figure it out" ... Or "I'm working through personal issues and you're throwing your pussy at me so I'll sporadically take it on random nights."
1	Pretty much what I would say if I would stop being lazy and actually type out what I think. Now I don't have to though. Yay.
1	I have a rule for myself and it's like this. When Ashe gets nerfed is when I uninstall league forever.  At that point I lose all the faith I have left in Riot's balance team, because Ashe can't be OP unless they give her a dash or something. 325 base MS with no speedup/dash or anything else.  Another thing you have to consider is she has 1 damage skill and ult. She needs low CD on W because it's the only damage skill she has. Q is utility, E is passive pretty much and there's long CD ult that can be dodged easily if played right.  Compare to someone like Lucian, Q is AOE damage, W is AOE damage, E is dash, ult is damage.
0	Stand your ground pretty much depends on the great equalizer, a gun. That said, the state is pretty good at determining who is using that as a faulty excuse.   Look at Marissa Alexander. The media is decrying it as Florida discriminating against a mother who was defending herself from an abusive husband!  ( Hi sexism, lets automatically have sympathy for the female and believe that she is truthful about domestic violence. )   In reality, it turns out that as far as domestic violence goes, she's the violent one. She's got cases of abusing her husband on record, and while out on bail for this current case where she used the SYG law as defense, she met up with her husband, which the court had said she wasn't allowed to do as a condition of bail, and beat on him. He had a bloody swollen eye, she didn't have a damn mark on her, yet she claims again that he was abusing her.   She lied to the court about meeting and beating her husband while on bail. She also falsely accused him of domestic violence in 2000, but ended up telling the police that her initial report was a lie, long before this incident.   She's got a history of violence and lying. The court sees right through this crap, and stand your ground didn't allow her to get away with it.
1	this is a subject i had to discuss with lots of people ingame already. i do understand your frustration when someone afk's in a still winnable game, i really do.   but there definitely are situations where i can make an educated guess about the outcome of the game and try encouraging my team to surrender. i would be lieing if i said i never afk'd in a situation like this.   i have to add, that this is from the point of view of someone who plays ranked almost exclusively at about 1650 elo.   if every one of your lanes got outfarmed and the enemy team is 20 kills ahead at 20 minutes, you wont win the game. especially not if you have for example urgot and leblanc in your team, while the enemies have ap kog and vayne (not likely in the current meta, just the first ones that came to mind :p), who outscale you in lategame.   i dont enjoy beeing stuck in a game, that is 95% lost. i realize that enemies may get cocky when ahead and thus throw games, but to be totally honest i dont feel like its a deserved win.   those 5% are just luck, and im not playing ranked to gain elo by having luck. i play ranked to get better, see my mistakes and not do them in my future games.
1	Yeah, the talk about how every korean is a mechanical god is mostly just a meme based on comparing the best koreans with the best western teams, not the average koreans with average westerns.
0	The thing that makes Reddit AWESOME is that there are tons of different people with different experiences and insights. If your going through some trouble, someone on reddit has gone through something similar. Want to know about the mating habits of amazonian arrow frogs? someone on reddit probably is doing his thesis on it.
1	Very Nicely written, Im always for more fan fiction that doesn't contain erotic elements since there is only so much u can take of it. love the
1	Honestly thought this was going to be another circlejerk thread. Remebered blink dagger from DOTA. Wait a second he might be on to something. If they turned Promote into an item why can't they turn flash into an item (or multiple items). The problem is then people have their inventory reduced to 5 item slots because that item is then a must build.
1	So to all who say that this is a post is just a fake thread etc. We have a lot of time for this homework and our teacher knows that a lot of us go to Dreamhack, Gamescom etc. He asked us if we know some Pro Players and a friend told him that he knows some Counter Strike pros. Our teacher told him if there is a possible way that he interviews them and ask questions about their life and so on. He said yes and another guy said that he could ask someone from Razer about the sponsoring thing etc. And the teacher said that he would be amazed if everybody is able to do such an interview and we all replied yes ( Girls said no :( ).
0	In all honesty, and serious respect to those veterans that aren't like this, i had a collage freshman veteran in my intro to botany class who was almost the exact opposite.  He was an extreme bro who showed up late almost every class, was extremely disruptive when doing so, and spent most of his time during lecture trying to pick up chicks by showing his navy tattoos and telling stories.  How can someone who served be like this?   (on the other hand, though, i did meet someone else who served in the navy doing patrol for drug smugglers/pirates in the Arabian sea/the Philippians in a chem class who was a very stand up guy, with a serious want to learn.  I suppose everyone is different)
1	It's not American culture as a whole but it's American youth and especially American "gaming" culture.   What NA really needs is  adults . People 25-30+ who aren't there so much to teach them about league but to teach them about life. Hard work, flexibility, professionalism, shit like that. Maybe find some former military NCOs (Sgt/SSgt/GySgt, though i feel the latter two would be a bit on the old side, they'd be pushing 45) who happen to play league and get them into these organizations. Either that or maybe bring in people with coaching exp from other sports etc. What NA needs is structure and disipline   A lot of the problems with NA have very little to do with player skill and a LOT more to do with player mentality compared with Asia and Europe. NA is highly undisciplined, highly incestuous and nepotistic, and is more about celeb culture than any real leadership, and if you happen to be a celeb on a certain team, then the team strategy, player acquisition, everything revolves around them (for example, Counterlogic Gaming, and you're starting to see it with Bjergsen and Wildturtle who apparently bitch and whine when the jungler isn't camping their lane). Or look what happened with Rekkles where you have a team cancer that happens to be real talented but they replaced him with a steady, no frills ADC and turns out that they can push SKT1 to the limit, or with TL where Piglet is being outperformed by a random until he starts to synergize with the team.   Meanwhile, C9 dominated every split until Hai's physical problems and the decline of their individual players save for Sneaky caught up to them to the point where their organizational strength couldn't make up for it.
0	I'm sorry that you're therapists haven't been able to help you. Find out as much as you can about your treatment so far and those who have conducted it.     What type of therapist are they? What degree do they have? This indicates what level of education they have, what clinical training they've had, and whether or not they are allowed to prescribe.   What school of thought do they belong to? Why type of psychology do they use   What specific therapies have you been through?     The more information you have the better you can work with future professionals to find a solution. You may need to find a different type of help. A run of the mill therapist that just talks things out and maybe recommends you see a prescribing physician for meds might not be the right fit for you. Perhaps you need someone that uses multiple techniques and has the ability to prescribe in case that is the best course of action.   sorry I can be a bit long winded
1	Those forums are hopeless.   95% of the people that post on it are mentally challenged, or just very poor trolls.   The last thread I made there was about Nashor's Tooth.  The entire post was saying how every champion has 6 better options than Nashor's Tooth, every game.  If you have a 6th item to build after Rabadon's, Void Staff, Rylai's, WotA, and boots...don't get Nashor's.   Lich Bane, Zhonya's, Morello's, even DFG, would all be better choices.   Two minutes after posting, I'm at "-4", with people saying "This is a core item on Kog'Maw and Teemo!"
0	I had surgery on my sinuses. About a week after it felt super clogged. I was doing nasal rinses, but was told not to blow my nose too hard for a few days after.   Well I figured now was the time. I did a nasal rinse and blew and blew. It felt like my head was a rattle and I had junk rolling around behind my eyeballs, but little to nothing came out. I did a second nasal rinse. I blew.   I blew hard and finally obtained results. I could feel web-like stuffs coming out of me, I just closed my eyes and continued until finally my nose was clear. My head felt empty, like the greatest relieving ear pop you've ever had, clear and crisp. I looked down and witnessed the horror. It was a muddy red snot. It looked like the afterbirth of a sizable mammal. I wondered if some of my brain was in there.
0	I know I should usually be posting in /r/iamgoingtohellforthis but shamefully disgrace myself in AdviceAnimals. It is wrong and deserves condemnation. Mea Culpa.
0	Okay, small story: I bought my live-in girlfriend a keyboard for her birthday (September), and she wanted to know how to play "Jingle Bells" by the time that we had our Christmas party. Come the time of the Christmas party, one of our friends hops on the keyboard and starts playing obviously experienced piano stuff. Once my girlfriend says "Oh, I want to play 'Jingle Bells'" our piano playing friend said "like this?" and started playing a very complicated and experienced version of it (the one my gf was going to play was pretty basic). My gf didn't end up playing the song and it hurt her feelings that all of that happened. So yeah, don't do stuff like that or what OP is talking about.
0	That's a great question, account_awaythrow. I believe that America is, loosely, a "patriarchy"; that it is ultimately run by men (it isn't to say that women can't participate, but just look at the numbers).   I thought Pingasman81 was slut-shaming; ie, telling a woman she should be ashamed of herself for who/why she had sex with someone. (I was wrong and have since apologized.) Slut-shaming is a practice that helps to perpetuate the patriarchy, and is itself a result of the patriarchy. Hence, I flippantly referred to this cultural undercurrent (which I consider to be a huge problem) in that second damnation, "Fuck the patriarchy."   Also, I did not suggest that Pingasman81 is a man (although "man" is in his username), and I do not believe that the patriarchy is supported exclusively by men. It's a lot easier for women to sell themselves out to the system (for example, taking jobs for lower wages) than it is to wrestle power back from the hands of the few.
0	I was babysitting my younger cousins once, and the younger of the two(4 at the time) went to use the potty. He's totally potty-trained according to my aunt and uncle, but all of a sudden he calls out for me. Sure as ever, he has the door wide open and is waiting for me to wipe his ass for him. His older sister(9) told me that he can do it himself, but he has a weird habit of asking people to do it for him. Sure as ever, my aunt and uncle verified, and I had to make a kid mad by explaining to him I won't wipe his ass.
1	Yeah...I'm not sure I really get it. I mean, there are good points, but why play League then? Play DOTA! People who play league, notice the little nuiances of the game and take advantage of it such as camping a lane to get the adc/apc to snowball and taking advantage of powerspikes from items and such.
0	When I was attending college, before started dating my wife, I had the hots for one of my classmates. We often talked in class and communicated well. after a few weeks tried my luck and asked her out. Did not go well, gave me the friend option, I just respectfully declined and told her I would not be able to keep a just friends relationship going. I felt like a dick but she did not act anymore different to me in class same cheerful person. What most of these people need to do is cut lose and dont torture yourself, the person does not know how you feel to them you are still some friend, you are the one that is suffering.
0	But still without a source? Amazing!   Do you have one, or is this normal Internet warrior work?   I'll even accept your claim that 10-15 happens on a statistically significant scale if you can prove it with a source other than "My ass" or "Maths". The data is out there, show me a percentage above say 3% of families having 10+ TANF recipients under 18. I would consider 3% a good margin of "Does this happen in any meaningful way." Can you agree to that? I won't be specific on whether it's per person / group (individuals receiving the assistance) or per dollar spent within TANF.
1	The only communication being heard is him swearing, the other guy and I were completely silent.   That is not how you use voice chat.   I do think you made an argument FOR voice chat more than against it.  You said he left the game then proceeded to flame in chat, therefore it just adds to the point, people are less likely to rage in voice chat.   At the end you he joins it and says "fuck all of you".  He was so scared of saying it in voice chat he had to wait until the game was over to rage on it so he could immediately leave.  I guess you never witnessed post-game chat lobbies.
1	Now see, I agree perfectly! Thank you! The thing with ranking is that it's knowledge vs. mechanics. You could know the perfect builds for every situation on every champ you play, but if you can't pull off a combo or CS or land a Final Spark, you won't go far. Same the opposite way, you could have godlike reflexes but be clueless as to what to build or do. The first kind of person could probably offer great advice, if not at least educational conversations, despite being Silver or so. The second person will shove complete BS ideas at the streamer and give lower-elo players a bad name. Ironically,  I find that really low-rank players (like level 12ish) are actually really nice, and don't flame, at least over on the NA servers.
1	Err, I am THE Nidalee of EUW, strong midlane champions can deny and destroy her in midlane, she either loses mid or goes even.   Mmkay. Let me know when you're competing in tournaments and beating the two best Korean teams, then I'll give a shit about your opinion. Until then, you're just conceited and clearly full of yourself, Mr. "THE Nidalee of EUW".
0	I originally had a much longer post that also talked about this but had removed it due to trying to be as clear as possible with the point without stretching the content too much.   Basically, of course this isn't a catch-all statement. Just like anything else in the world - especially when you're talking about people (who are all so very different) - you have to take advice with a grain of salt and apply it to your own situations.   To try to go into some depth without writing a book about it, I'll just try sum up to some points   >it's unlikely I'll ever purposefully cook it again.   This is good and where you may personally differ from other people. I've seen parents take their kid's opinion as a joke or a temporary thing - which it may be, but respecting your kid's opinion (when they are of age to have one) could in the long run make your kid trust you because at least they know their opinion is being factored in.   >paraphrasing: "what if the kid does something bad or refuses to x or y?"   These situations are not black and white and therefore cannot be answered as such. In the best of situations, the parent would be smart enough to take the time out to try to give the best response to this, giving only as much force as necessary, while still trying to compromise and talk to the kid like his opinion matters and makes a difference. Like I said before, just forcing seems to often be a desperation act by a parent when they just don't know what else to do - which I can get, of course, but like I said, it's still not the right way to do things all the time.   It doesn't hurt to sometimes - depending on the situation - be assertive and forceful to strike a point. But this attitude need not be applied to anything and everything, such as a kid not eating. This attitude should be reserved for certain situations when it's very serious and necessary. Besides, overusing it merely numbs your kid to the point of the seriousness and could very well develop some parent-child issues.   Like any boss in the real world, sometimes you need to be assertive. If someone is an employee from your store, you need to have some balls to confront them about it and likely fire them. But not everything an employee does is stealing, so you don't need to be confronting every employee and threatening them to be fired based on the smallest things. Being a parent is just being this boss, but with an irrational kid. And just like parents, some bosses are just dicks that seem to be trying to make everything hell all the time, and some are nice and only are harsh when necessary.
0	about something that affects us personally" is probably required to summarize up your other core point.   Personally, I think we should start putting abstracts in front of our WoTs instead of trailing
1	Watch streams is the best advice that I could give you, but I think there are a few things that can be easily explained.   [Here's a season 3 shop simulator that might help.] ( I'm not sure how up to date this is.   [Here's the preseason website.] ( This should cover most of your item needs. This is not up to date with the current patch, it is more to show you what the new items and formulas are as well as the items that were removed (RIP HoG).   This is what I've concluded from playing about 200 games this season. Mind you, I'm not a pro or someone who is informed very well. Take what you read here with the knowledge that this is just some Gold 5 player trying his best to help.     ADC's take a lot more time to get the point where they can 5 shot tanks. They NEED 6 item build to do that, and even then only late game carries can do this now, but that's only if they build full damage and sacrifice a defensive item (which is almost necessary because of assassins being popular now). Because of this, ADC players are forced to play one of two types of ADC's at the best level: hyper carry DPS (twitch or vayne) or utility/AoE damage carries (varus or miss fortune). While this is a generalization, these seem to work the best at the pro level.     Junglers actually have a role now that is outside of getting first blood for a lane then walking around with an oracles until they die (oracles only lasts 5 mins now but is still lost upon death) and try to become a tanky utility champion. With the new jungle and new jungle items, the role of the jungler has expanded to more of a tanky diver and/or peeler. There still is the Big [insert number of OP junglers here], but niche junglers are seeing more play.     AD assassins have been revamped to be useful, and a few have been added to the roster and are very popular. I don't know which champion was last released since you quit, but AD assassins opened up a whole new meta game that allows for double assassin comps to be run effectively and not be hard countered by everyone only building one resistance stat.     On that note, resistances are much weaker than they used to be. Having 300 armor and 200 magic resistance is harder to obtain and much less impactful for two reasons: they changed how penetration works (I currently forget what it is, but now its probably the other way around from when you last played. Will edit when I remember and/or are reminded) and more/better penetration items are now available, especially for flat penetration. Health is king now, so start stacking giants belt items if you're a tank.     Supports aren't stuck into one horrible item build any more. How a support builds now can make or break a very close game. The new support items have an actual impact on the game and make it more possible to "carry" as a support in solo Q. Warding is also much less of a money sink for namely supports and a few junglers that like ward hopping (I'm looking at you Lee Sin).     Also on that note, I'm sure you've already seen, but most if not all of the new items are activatable. This makes micromanagement of your champion and their items much more important. Forget to use your activatable? You may have just lost the game due to that mistake.
0	Its funny how much culture informs how 'intimate' something is.  I have been in communities where a hug is the most basic form of decency as normal and important as "hello" "please" and "thank you". I have been in communities where a high five or a hand shake is "a little forward don't you think".  I have been in places where men hold hands as a sign of friendship and men and women never touch except in the most intimate of moments.   There are places in the world where PDA is a punishable offense, and places where it is expected if you are to show you are a couple.
1	This is a huge buff to Karma.  At level 16, if you use  WRQ and an auto attack or two, R has a <4s cooldown. Every Q is an RQ (and if you're midlane karma, every RQ is the equivelant of a Syndra ult). Even at level 11, the cd is only ~10s. Also, RE actually has a stronger mini-shield now than before. E being a lot cheaper but also slightly worse of a shield does make it more about the movement speed, but I'm fine with that, it's the more interesting part about the skill anyway.   Some math on RW: atm, it restores 40% missing health (not max health). If you're at 50% when you use it, it'll 20% max, at 25% it'll restore 30% max. Assuming you have 1000hp when using RW, it heals for about 200-300 health. For the PBE RW to equal this heal you need to deal 1000-1500 damage (prolly within the tether and root duration, so ~3 seconds). In TF and during some ganks/as support this is (very) possible. In a solo lane trying to get (or prevent) a solo kill its not.  However, lets face it, RW was borderline useless, if you were relying on it so often you were probably overstaying in lane. Karma still has 3x more survivability tools in lane than most mages so I doubt it'll impact her lane survivability. At all.  Ironically enough, I'm not sure the RW heal will be strong enough to have a good jungle clear. I doubt it'll become meta, but stranger things have happened (plus, Magus is so so nice on Karma).
0	after slavery, we still kept blacks down. we started making laws about each black vote equaling 3/5 of a white vote. blacks couldn't get educated. all of a sudden there was a reading test required to vote. we forced blacks into low income housing, ghettos. a lot of businesses wouldn't hire blacks, but they--as anyone else--NEED money to live, so they had to get it, often illegally. I feel like it's a hard thing to admit but I think whites quite literally shoved blacks down into a spot that it's extremely hard to get out of. not that we're still pushing them down (in a lot of ways, we are, but not nearly as heavily or as obviously as we did). however, there are still a shit ton of blacks in poverty, because of the actions of whites, 100 years ago and less.
1	I was the jungler, and I went in to gank for our mid. As I walk into the brush, I noticed the enemy jungler was already there planning to gank as well. A 2v2 fight immediately broke out in which I killed the enemy mid, while the enemy jungler got away at low health. Neither our mid nor I died, although we were both near death.   Our mid immediately started complaining that I ks'd her, in both regular chat and all chat. She claimed that she did "most of the damage," and thus I stole the kill from her. She then followed me around through my jungle for the rest of the game, stealing every camp's main creep including red. She kept saying that since I ks'd her, she's going to ks my farm. I eventually decided, fine she can jungle if she wants, I'll hold mid. But she followed me there too and tried to steal every farm there as well.   Hoping to molify her, I even apologized multiple times about "ksing" her, told her how much we needed her to get as fed as possible, and told her how much we couldn't win without her, hoping her ego would be satisfied and she would stop trolling.   A few obviously intentional feeds later from her, and we surrendered.
0	Most do not. I would also say that there was no need for most of the deaths. There was no need for them to even be in a position to be heroic.   I didn't join because the facts did not support the claims. Iraq was not a heroic war. You can be heroes to each other, but they were not threat to the US. As a civilian, how is someone fighting a nation that was never a threat to me heroic? In fact, Iraq has groups that are more of a danger to the US now than under Saddam.   Afghanistan was a different story since there were actual threats to the US there. But I would argue we made the same mistakes as the Soviets in the 80s and we have really stirred the pot some more. While we are occupying? Great. Once we leave, not so much.
0	On my way to pick up a friend to go to class, but when I get there she's freaking out and running up to my car. So, I find out that there's a tiny kitten being attacked by two dogs. Run over to her yard, all heroic like, pull the dogs away and we wrap the kitten up in a towel. We take it over to the vet and leave it with them to take care of. Then, when I pull out and up to the stoplight, a huge truck doesn't see that the light is red and rear ends me. Messed up the entire back half of my car.
0	Also, nurses are not trained to deal with infection from these classifications. They are not supposed to be dealing with them in the first place. There are specially trained nurses and doctors to deal with such cases, and they are trained with the proper gear and protocols.   However if the need for individuals is severe enough, strategically selected hospitals and personals are quarantined and provided with the proper equipment + a refresher on the protocols they should already know. As need grows, experienced individuals take shifts preparing medical professionals not specifically trained for these situations to fill in for primary staff.
1	Well, no offense mate, but in the laning phase you shouldnt depend on other to ward your lane. And as a jungler I always pink one of the 2 river bushes in mid, as I believe it is actually my job. Bot should focus on pinking their lane so I can gank.   Second of all, if you lose cs and get ganked just because you're typing you obviously aren't focussing on the right things. With all the cs you missed you could have gotten a pink, or green for that matter, and palced it yourself.   Thirdly, judging from how you are wording this here, the jungler probably muted you. You sounds quite aggresive, and wouldnt suprise if you flamed at him in what you thought were "reasonable request, or demands for a gank". If you are complain for a long time/persistant in your complaints (no matter whether they are justified or not) you will most likely annoy your team.   Also as a jungler I always try to gank winning lanes, or lanes they are going equal and would win when I gank. When you are behind on a Fizz I will not gank, Fizz will either 1) get a kill and get away or 2) get a double kill and buffs.
0	That's how my dad is.  He has hunted his entire life, when he was little, he'd take a pellet gun and shoot squirrels, rabbits, and birds so he could eat them.  Now, he hunts deer, pheasant, quail, dove, and the occasional hog.  He does enjoy the hunt, he finds it fun to sit out with friends in the middle of nowhere with no electronics bugging him, no boss to tell him to do something, no computers needing fixed.  He says he doesn't enjoy the kill, taking a life, whether or not it's a human or an animal, is taking a life; the difference is that we get to eat this every other Saturday with our youth pastor and some friends.
0	It starts by being friendly. After, it's up to you if you want to know what she thinks.
1	There is actually a process, reports never go 'straight to the trib', they need to accumilate to enough of a degree for you to enter the tribrunal system then  you will be put up for review with a random selection of games in which you were reported. Then we can vote and PUNISH XD
1	Since you cut out the hair, it makes it look a lot like Syndra. But with the hair, it's pretty clear to be Morgana, at least for me. Her other skins have similar splash arts with some hair dangling over one of her eyes, with the exception of Ghost Bride which is suppose to be in, I guess they call it a bun kinda thing? idk. don't blame me for not knowin this shizz.
0	Most awkward thing that has ever happen to me involving a girl who just got an abortion was a couple of years ago. I was going on this blind date set up by my friend and we were hitting it off pretty well. I had set my iPhone on the table and I got a message from my ex that read "I got an abortion thanks for giving me the money". I had no idea that she was pregnant my ex asked me for her part of the security deposit from the apartment we were sharing. The girl I was on a date saw it and that's when it all went downhill. I could tell this girl was pissed and I had no idea about any of the pregnancy because she, my ex, had moved from Honolulu to Baltimore. Now I know better to have your texts show up on your lock screen.
1	Quantic really is a good team.  However, I really do think the management need to take a good look at how they have affected the team.  The point of having a gaming house is that you don't have to go to pc cafes to have stable internet.  Yet for the most important matches they play, it is suddenly decided that playing at a pc cafe would be for the best.  It is quite mindboggling when you consider that quantic might have had a better chance at qualifying if they had stayed in Korea considering they would at least have stable internet, albeit slightly laggy.  Furthermore, there is a certain amount of comfort that comes with playing at the same place;  hardly anyone can adjust quickly enough to play at 100% at an entirely new venue.   If I had any power, I would take the quantic's LoL team immediately, seeing as their sponsorship may now get dropped.  Even if it is not, I couldn't see the players staying with the management that somehow thought that it was a great idea to play 3 matches in a row at a pc cafe with their location known to all who cared to discover it.
0	I had a customer, who was the biggest spoiled princess I'd ever met. She came in the store, interrupted my conversation with another customer, and demanded sweaters. Every piece of merchandise I offered her was something she already had at home. Instead of handing it back to me or placing it down on the table, she rolled up the sweaters into balls and chucked them back into the shelves. She also knocked down clothes from the hangers and didn't even stop to even consider picking them up. She also handed me her iPhone and told me to charge it while she shopped. When paying for her sweater at the end, she threw her credit card and her ID at me. She was Canadian  (from Ontario in LA), so I was a little surprised that she was so mean. Well, since her phone was still dead, she had to ask me for directions. I lead her straight to Skid Row.
0	Every birthday and Christmas I was allowed to keep $10 and everything else went into a savings account. This went on until I was about 14. All of my Bar Mitzvah (one side of the family is Jewish and the other Christian) money went in there too and that was close to $3,000. I was told it was to save for college.   Well, after high school I joined the Army.   I asked my dad about the account as I wanted to buy a new car. He gave me the account info and off to the bank I headed. There was less than $300 in there. He'd spent it all.  My mom never knew and to this day feels terribly for not figuring it out.
0	Oh dear, here comes the misinformation. I'm used to people forgetting about varied state laws and/or having no clue as to what the rules really so let's just get through this:   > You cite the passing rule because of "emergency vehicles" but if you're speeding it's not legal, which you certainly are.     Grossly incorrect assumption that passing = speeding. I often pass people going 10-15mph slower than the speed limit while I maintain it. I wont even go into the legalities of momentary speeding while passing in some areas.   Note that I said "passing/left" lane which is important because not all states are passing only. You can legally "cruise" in it provided you aren't impeding traffic. Often unenforced and people are unaware it exists.   In many states speed is technically irrelevant to the statute. If you impede on the left, you impede. Sometimes it's based off # of cars stuck behind you (mountain passes for example) or other variations. Of course, if you're at 95mph doing it you're also breaking  that  law.      > Traffic happens because of volume not because of drivers on the road that prevent you from driving like you're on the autobahn.     Actually, there are various studies/models that have shown traffic is often caused by [ripple effect]( incidents such as improper lane changes, adjusting for slow left traffic and other factors ([MIT paper]( way beyond just volume only.    You may joke about the Autobahn but damn if they didn't get that one right...and it's not because of the "unlimited" speed.    So yes, things like driving improperly can actually cause traffic and make it worse for everyone. Not just those "asshole speeders" you think we must all be to be annoyed by slow right traffic.     edit -
1	You don't really need an optic drive. Why waste 60 bucks on a blu-ray one? Unless you plan to watch movies ofc.  You  don't want integrated graphics . Really, trust me.  What is this "mwave custom computer system"? If that's the price for the company assembling the PC for you - hell no, assemble it yourself. It is not that hard, you can find enough help on the internet.   Buying windows?  come on. Pirate it. Save 120 bucks. You can also just use Win10 for the time being, it's still officially free as a "technical preview" till its rumored release in June or something like that. League runs stable on it already from what I've heard.
1	This always happens, I had a game where our whole team made mistakes and threw an easily winnable game (Gold 1 MMR level) and afterwards the Mid Nidalee was explaining how troll we all were compared to him.   I explain his actual mistakes and explained how the difference is I could admit I made mistakes and will hopefully learn from them but he needed to get over the fact he sucked just as bad.   His response was just linking his supposed main account. I just replied "what has your main account got to do with the fact of how badly you played in this game".
1	Yeah, just turn off all range indicators and learn your champion. It's much faster to intuitively hit someone with a skillshot rather than to try to aim to calculate.
0	I used to get very frustrated with Texas (particularly Houston) drivers until I thought about it:   Like another Texan mentioned here, the roads are built for speed and dry/good weather. Honestly, on a nice summer day, you don't have to think at all to drive. The roads are just that well designed.   And there are no pedestrians or bikes or children playing on the sidewalk. No obstructions, just a bunch of cars going 10mph over the speed limit (going slower would be a risk, really).   So when I first moved to Houston I could not believe how cars didn't care about stop signs and never looked around to see if there was a pedestrian there. On a stop sign, I had to knock the hood of an SUV so they would glance at me (they were turning right, constantly looking left and on the phone). I couldn't believe it. I got so angry. "Why does this Stop sign even exist then?!" But then I realized: That lady probably never saw a pedestrian in like 10 years. Why  would  she be looking for one?   Does that excuse never ever signaling and constantly texting? In my opinion, no. But it does excuse, in my head, a lot of behavior that seems WTF to a European.
1	I actually completely agree with you.  Not about Shen though.  I know how to play him pretty well, cause I normally play top lane/jungle.  For other champions though, there are just times where I have no idea how anybody could be bad with them.  When I first picked up Lee Sin, I genuinely couldn't understand how people would do so poorly with him.  His whole kit screams "I'm going to outplay you".  And I mesh really well with any champs that have gap closers.  Mainly ones with multiples dashes though.  Except Ahri.  Fk dat hoe.  I have no idea how to play her.   My point is that I understand how a champion is played through viewing it.  I watch streams.  I watch tournaments, I watch both NA and EU LCS.  I understand how a champion is supposed to work before I even play it.   We are not the vast majority.  Champs do not make sense to everybody.  In fact, there are a few champs that I have no idea what I'm doing with.  Anivia and Ahri are prime examples of this.  I can play other APCs, but not them.  Most people only have a champion pool of maybe 10 or so champs they can play comfortably.  And maybe about two they can play top notch with.  I can play top notch with at least five champs, and can play almost every single champion proficiently.  Though some of them are inherently not good.  (I'm looking at you Karma/Heimer)
0	Consider the following mutually exclusive methods of education:   A) Committing a crime can result in you being arrested and going to jail. If you are imprisoned, you won't have very many options as to what you can do in life. If you don't have many options, you won't be able to do what you consider is fun. etc.   B) Everything which is illegal is bad. Everyone who does illegal things is a bad person. Bad people go to jail. Why? Because they're tautologically bad according to the definitions I've supplied you.   In method A, you are supplying them with judgement-free information, which they can use to make their own decision, and come to the rational conclusion that it is beneficial for them not to break the law in nearly all cases.   In method B, you are indoctrinating them with an absolutist moral philosophy. They will eventually be able to find a hole in it once they are old enough and determine that it is "bullshit". Once they do, expect them to contrarianly rebel and go against the prescribed action of your intended lesson, even in situations where it would be more rationally beneficial to follow it.
1	The problem is that, at least here on BR, people who uses drop hack do not get a life time ban, it is just a  1 month ban .   2 months ago I was loosing a ranked solo queue game (~plat5), the game was pretty over, the enemy team was holding a big advantage against us. Around the 15min mark the game drops, I couldn't connect to it again and it disappeared from my match history. I knew that wasn't me using the drop hack, so I checked the other 4 guys. One of them was holding a full victory page and some of his matches had 2~3 hours difference between the others, who plays one match every 3 ours?   I created one support ticket about this guy and he got a ban, between my ticket and the ban he managed to go to platinum and changed his name. I saved his lolking page and 1 month after the ban he started to play again and changed his name one more time.   (1 month between voli and khazix match)
0	I partially agree with you, and it's very clear you missunderstood/did not read my comment.  People can be called out on something, told that the better way to do it and expected to at least try it the alternate way, but "oh my god you're such a f king moron, why the f k haven't you dropped out lol #losers"   I support constructive criticism, but not criticism meant to put them down and lift yourself up.  I agree that Political correctness is stupid though, and tough skins are necessary to a point, with constructive criticism it can make someone open minded and willing to look for the best way, meanness creates insecurity.
0	Different days yield different ratings. Certain days (t-th) have move viewers IE better ratings. Where as days like fridays (aptly named "graveyard") get much less viewers. Also what is playing against X show on another channel makes a huge different. For example if two very similar shows are on at the same time and day on different networks. You are more likely to divide that viewer ship in half and no one wins. The inverse is also true. If you want to kill a show on another network you host your juggernaught (NCIS, the big bang theory, etc) against it. One of the main reasons idol stayed on tuesdays for so long. Its also worth noting the shows lead in helps alot. Back with Big Bang started it had the Two and Half lead in to help it. Now it's big enough to hold its own.
0	atheism isn't only an American thing, so shouldn't there be a sub for non-christian-centric atheism as well?   Wat.   Reddit and /r/Atheism are largely used by the Western world and it's culture; /r/news is American based because the largest group of that Western userbase is American, so the rest decided to make a dedicated board to avoid the flood of American related content.   Christianity is a larger defining part of life/history for the Western userbase, compared to Islam/Hinduism/etc. So it's going to be the most discussed subject on /r/Atheism. No one forces you to only talk about Christianity on /r/Atheism; Although if the userbase feels that they're being flooded by only Christian content and they don't feel like stopping that they could go and make a more specific subreddit.
1	Now that you mention it, he has seemed to have matured since Kiev. I think everyone is forgetting that these guys were just kids when they started, barely over 18.   Most of the progamers are people who, even now, would not have graduated college had they gone that route. They've got a lot of growing up to do, but I don't think it's right to deny the fact that they're growing.
0	So he landed on snow. Okay thanks stranger. I was confused on how someone could fall, hit the ground, and only break their back. Just imagine you're walking and someone lands on the ground. The first thing they say is "Awwe shit!! My back!! Fuck!!" I would honestly consider they might be superman with like...kryptonite stuck to them or something.
1	I absolutely agree that if you invade, you have to make sure your jungler steals the buff. I've even seen things like smiting early and the support getting the buff put the jungler almost irreparably behind.   However, on the laners getting behind... I'm somewhat conflicted about this really don't know how to strike the balance. I've had invades that were drawn out or where the invade fails and the jungler now needs a hard leash.   Our team might get ahead on gold, but our top laner is level 1 to the enemy level 3 when he gets back... given how snowbally that lane is and that top laners tend to be melee, this can rapidly turn into a very bad situation. Similarly if the laner is in for a rough time from the start (like facing a natural counter, or a weak early game champ vs a strong one) it could be a big deal if they miss anything more than that 2-3 CS.   Even with mid lane, some matchups can go very sour if the enemy gets a level advantage. It's not uncommon for mid to be decided by who hits level 6 first. Some champs like Cassio can get very dangerous if they're even allowed to hit level 2 first.
1	These players are chosen to represent NA by the fans. Notice the key wording there, they are not representing a certain team and it is a fan vote, not necessarily based on performance. I'm not saying everyone should be considered, but if you play atleast a week in LCS you should be considered for voting.
1	What I described was a generic situation where something similar will occur probably one out of 5 games at least, one out of 3 on a bad day (and not every lane has to be feeding for that to happen either, it can easily happen even if a lane won, and sometimes even if 2 lanes won).  What you described was a random thing that happened to you one time.  I'm not going to argue with you when you can't even follow a conversation.
0	After reading these comments there is just something I don't understand. If you're unattractive, and you know it...just stop trying until you are able or ready to fix the issue. I am a fat, unattractive guy. I don't attempt to date chicks. I know they won't be interested so there is no point in making them feel uncomfortable when they have to say no and there is no reason for me to feel let down when they do say no. You can be fat...that's ok. Just stop trying to have boyfriends/girlfriends while you are that way. I'm 28 and have only had 3 girlfriends ever for a total of about 3.5 years of my life. These 3 chicks I was friends with and to be honest they probably just dated me because i was "nice" and they didn't want to hurt my feelings or be mean. I just felt they were sympathy relationships not anything real. So the
0	I won't go into saying you're poison like that other fella (HELLO OP'S EX!), but rather tell you what I've done.   I was in a similar situation, though with girls. You need to set the standard from the start. Establish your independence and your need to something simple.   I've turned many girls that way, and I usually said it before I got physical or not long after. I ended up with more emotionally stable beings and have found a girlfriend I feel connected to and feel the same way about her as she does me.   It's my experience/my 2 cents on it. Don't need to use that, but you might want to figure out a way, because that situation....wow, that was something haha
0	TIL: Some people read comments and miss the entire point, all irony, and misunderstand what is being said sans irony.
1	I like this discussion. Helps me with my support. I see the general consensus leaning more towards (R)SS first and forget philostone, at least for thresh or leona all in champs. I have to disagree though. Because in lane things never go that smoothly. I find getting harassed but the adc, their support (usually has range) takes a very big toll on your health. If you can stay in lane for the amount of time it takes get your level 4 and combo then the bead start is really good. There is also the fact that the earlier you get philo the more gold it generates over time. Now in saying that, if at first back you have enough for an SS, you would go for it. But the cost nerf to it was pretty bad. Getting it early makes it harder later on. And besides, philo stone also builds into shurlyeas later which a lot of ppl overlooked. assuming you get this far into the game, being able to build these items quickly can make the difference late game, especially if you weren't able to capitalise on the early game. Just my opinion.
1	Phoenix stance udyr is one of the top wave clear champions and is now extremly strong from feral, and if you can be sparing with mana you can dominate the jungle. Plus the burst damage out damages q stance in a gank scenario 9 out of 10 times.
1	Not so fast! Remember, this was a 3v3 build, not a rift one. It's a lot harder to shitstorm someone like that with only 3 champs, 2 of which are probably melee bruisers with 2 other people tailing them to contend with. Even if some of my points are flawed, the main bit still stands: The DPS of 3 champs is lower than the DPS of 5, even before you subtract the guy who got grabbed, and he's probably going to die pretty quick anyways. (Especially if it was a carry or Teemo.) Even if they DO focus him (with 2 guys) , Skarner probably did his job already.
1	Pretty much this. They probably have a bitset determining what objects can collide with the object in question(e.g. players, wall, projectiles). So they probably coded the wall to intercept projectiles, but things like Ziggs' ult don't have any actual travelling frames once it gets to a certain  "height", they just calculate a parabola for it's descent and warp it to the appropriate location for it to appear it traveled a continuous arc. Since the object isn't actually in the scene, collision isn't calculated for windwall.
0	Yeah...20 years isn't exactly an interlude.  Its a termination.   I'm not saying friendships and relationships can't restart after that time, but after 20 years, HOPEFULLY, people have entirely changed and moved in different directions.   Still, having said that, these are people who, at their core, are willing to turn on someone in mob fashion and beat a 'friend' into the hospital over petty items lost due to 'thievery' absent any evidence or rule of law.   Ergo, forgive, don't forget.  And if you want to befriend someone after 20 years, approach it as a new relationship with someone who has a known history for turning on 'friends' violently.   Although I haven't that experience, my initial response--not knowing the full story--would be that these people don't deserve that type of access to the OP, and perhaps he should value himself in such a fashion.   Its a big wide world out there, and there are many good people to befriend that won't turn on you in such a fashion.  Why waste time on people who have demonstrated their lack of worth?   OP needs to sort out his esteem issues and all the issues surrounding that day.  Having the truth come out is important, but there's other issues that have grown from that day that are unresolved and, I would suspect, still impact him.   &nbsp;
0	This has been my experience searching for a job. What I've tried to do is make connections with those potential bosses even if I don't get a job. What I've heard from one of them is that with the economy being the way it is, there are so many people applying for a job that they can find that person that perfectly fits their job description requirements. In a normal economy, they would have to settle for the best out of the few, even if that meant no experience, rather than hand select one from tens or hundreds of applicants. Despite how hard it is to not make it personal and curse the employer for not picking you because of your limited experience, they are just making the decision that's best for them.
1	Keep in mind top lane is not an easy lane to come back from. If you tank minions for a few seconds at level 1 and the enemy has even a decently damaging ability+ignite you die, lose the level-game and cs game for a while, and set your enemy ahead of you. Then it reaches the time where it's simply so simple for the enemy top to just say "fuck your tower you're never safe" and dive the living hell out of you.   And @OP, I agree that yes a lost lane is not worth the time when other lanes are doing well, but at least poke your head out once and see if you can make a play happen, not to make the laner go from 0/4 to 1/4 but to  alleviate pressure . That's what ganks are about when you are behind, give the guy some breathing space to last hit.
1	IV been playing mmo's for the last 12 years and i can say that a few days a week of not playing is nothing to complaining about in the form of wanting transparency. They are entitled so some small explanation but it is not necessary. I have paid 15$ a month for multiple games for years, iv played games where buying and selling ingame items for RL money all though frowned upon is widely active in the community. Iv also dropped well over 400$ on this game. That being said, Riot does not have to worry about the lack of customers or people leaving because F2P games are on a huge rise. With the quality of MMo's coming out more and more people are leaving those and looking for new games. The majority of these 15 a month games are way worst in the way of customer service in strides compared to riot. Riot offers multiple servers to play on when other servers are down. Go play those. People will always spend money on this game even when they say they wont and people will always continue to play even if they "leave" the game. Riot has nothing to worry about
0	Ok, i'm going to dispel this myth that kids who wear Dre beats think that they know everything there is to know about music. Im 19 and for Christmas two years ago I got some black Solo's (which saved me $200.) At first I was that snobby kid who thought I was the shit because I listened to hip-hop and thought that hearing nothing but bass and snare was the ultimate experience (i'm white, sue me.) But then I listened to other genres and just learned to appreciate the music and not be a total douche about it. Sure some people who see me with them are like "Whoa man you got beats can I hear what they sound like?" And usually I oblige and share but it's not like i'm a studio producer who knows EVERY FUCKING THING about sound quality and noise cancellation.
1	ding ding ding. and the most important takeaway from all of that,
0	I'm going to both agree and disagree with you.  Yes if there was good quality discourse and conversation, you'd be treated as equal and debated. I'm going to disagree based on what kind of  critical discourse your conservative ideology is being applied to. Conservatism in a sociological and poststructural sense is always the dominant discourse of society (think of it on a sliding scale, years from now some aspects of liberal ideology will be considered conservative). So it becomes conservatism to be overly critical of minority ideology...blah blah I'm taking to this to deep.
1	Almost any champion or set of champions on an enemy team should affect your playstyle a bit. The problem with perma-stealth is they cost everyone on the team so much (assuming the enemy has Eve/Twitch) in terms of money and potential kills/farm/xp- can basically force you into playing a passive lane.   If you want to be safe from perma-stealth you have to buy multiple pink wards. Against a standard jungler as a mid champ you can get away with 1 ward most of the time especially if bot lane have warded as well. A jungler can't get to that side of you without being seen, so you stay closer to that side of the lane and can watch for vision of them coming out of any of the exits on the other side. A perma-stealth champion can go anywhere there isn't a pink ward unseen. They can stealth straight down the lane, or go through a different jungle entrance and gank with no warning that way. Even with no wards, against non-stealth the few hundred range vision warning you get on an enemy jungler is huge. That can (and frequently is) all you need to escape, or they blow several summoners to kill you. A perma-stealth jungler can kill or cripple you (blow your summoners) with little cost to themselves. Pre-nerf Eve with her stun was almost certainly a kill to the mid of whichever team had her. Yes, she faded away mid/late game, but people frequently don't want to or aren't able to play defensively enough to drag it out that late.   The counter-junglers you mention as affecting playstyle, should affect who your team picks to jungle (a strong duelist, equally fast clearer or someone with lots of cc), as well as making sure everybody is more aware than ever of if jungler needs their assistance in their jungle. As an extreme measure 4 wards can prevent counter jungling (1 for each river entrance) but they don't really need to be kept up all the time. Realistically the times/places you would ward to prevent counter-jungling are shortly before your buffs spawn. Against a stealth champion you must maintain 6 pink wards all the time to prevent them getting through (and some better stealth players like to buy an early oracles so this wouldn't be possible even if it were affordable/practical).   Shaco and Lee have strong early ganks but do give warning and are not moving around the jungle being invisible so wards do still work against them. Lee can avoid wards but at the cost of somebody being in position to help him jump or a ward of his own. Shaco can do the same, but it requires that he knows where the ward is and times/judges the distance correctly, or his smoke puff can still be seen. Lee is visible as he comes into a lane so you have an opportunity to dodge his Q or flash if he lands it. Shaco's ganks are arguably stronger and harder to deal with but he is more vulnerable to level 1 jungle invades messing with his boxes. Perma-stealth champions aren't so vulnerable to counter invades because you do not know for sure where they are (or aren't).
1	Main problem is that he got lost in patches and updates like alot of old champions do, who plays annie anymore when there is xerath/brand/cassio and others? Ezreal's only advantage over any other ad carry was his earlygame that he can snowball from.... His ult/e+q combo can get someone down to 1/3 of hp and if they derp might kill them. Graves have same burst, more armor, and he doesn't have to rely on skillshots that much. He might be fine as champion, he is just outclassed by others.  That being said, he is not bad, its just he is outclassed by others, you can outplay someone if your personal skill is higher then enemy player, but at the end of a day? Why not play cait/graves...they do everything better then him.
1	Initial problem I have with this is that one of the main reasons AD/Support goes bot is because the Support can utilise the bush to effectively zone the enemy champions out of creep score, and this is basically impossible at mid lane. In addition, it wouldn't be that difficult for certain champions (Galio, Karthus) to simply passive farm whilst putting themselves at very little risk. Meanwhile your AP who is bot could be completely zoned out of CS by an intelligent AD/Support combo.   How it would end up would be (I believe)- 2 Underfarmed/Underlevelled JungleSupports 1 Underlevelled but well farmed Mid 1 Standard Top Laner (who receives infrequent ganks from underlevelled junglers). 1 Well-levelled but underfarmed Bot Solo   In addition, in the event that the enemy team simply pulls through all these shenanigans and do not fall behind in kills, they will end the game more levelled, more farmed and also with the advantage that probably you are going to have to utilise 2 Smites, which weakens your team slightly in teamfights.
0	Mayweather has been #1 for a long time. Pac has never really been #1. If you really scrutinize the fights, the weights and the times, Pac has fought the far more inferior competition. There is a large filipino market that purchases boxing and is willing to spend $$ - only if Pac is at the top. Moves are made to falsely market him as a top fighter even though he is 3 fights removed from being knocked completely unconscious by a much smaller fighter. Of course, all of his fans dont acknowledge this, turn a blind eye to Pacs steroid allegations and continue to tout him as #2 falsely. This is really justa circus at this point. A 38 year old Mayweather is nowhere near prime. A KO'd Pac is not prime. This is a fight between two non prime fighters, so for a real boxing fan this is Ho Hum. To the casual Filipino, this is the superbowl.
1	The changes to his mana per level (from +30 to +40) and W and E mana cost buffs (w from 75 to 65, e from 60 to 55) Were huge. You will still have problems if you spam golden aegis which is why I never even get it till 8 or so when I'm laning (should be gotten earlier for ganking when jungling).   But if you don't have blue buff you can just drop e in the middle of the camp and auto-attack away. E is fantastic for clearing. It boosts armor and attack speed (doubles your passive bonus, so even if it's not on the field you are still benefiting from leveling it). And I don't think you should forget about the fact that it does aoe damage ( 60 / 110 / 160 / 210 / 260). That's not insignificant, although it's really more of a bonus than a reason.
1	I know exactly how you feel. After 2 heart attacks before I hit 23 (perfectly in shape, just odd heart defects) I've used LoL as an out for many things. Now I've taken all that I can and all the good things it's given me and tried to give back with my youtube channel. Granted it's nothing much and will most likely never break out, but it lets me do 3 things I love in one:     Play LoL     Teach (I'm a coach IRL and working on being a teacher)     Help people
1	I play Nasus in Bronze and I have no idea what you're talking about.   Nasus stacks top lane for ~20-25 minutes before he can do stuff in team fights (except dying - that he can do without stacks too).   Also, I always play Nasus with 2 vision wards down, one in every top lane bush.  About ego, you are slightly right. The more stacks, the bigger the ego, the bigger the mistakes.
0	Technically, it's the doing of la Nina and favorable arctic oscillation.
1	That doesn't matter when he spends his time insulting people instead of their playing skills.     Saying what's on your mind isn't good for the company image. You don't get to dictate whether or not you speak your mind when you work for someone unless they say you can. ESPN removes people from their networks for saying inappropriate things.     He wants us to flame so the drama continues. He is toxic, and wants the toxicity to continue.
1	Try googling for ui mods, there's a few available. If you have no luck, perhaps try finding someone who knows how to make'em and ask nicely. =P   Could you perhaps post a screenshot, though (there's a special button for that in LoL, IIRC, BTW, I don't think printscreen works)? So we can see what's up - because, honestly, I had mine set to ~1/3 of the way down, and IMO the UI still took up too much space, and everything was too big, but I found a neat UI mod with great instructions on how to install after a short search with google and everything looks way better! =)
0	Erm, I'm all for animal safety and the comeuppance for those who abuse them, but I don't really think that creating a meme from it encourages animal cruelty in any way whatsoever. Hitler memes don't encourage genocide (well, okay maybe comically). And certainly I don't think it does anything to portray the idiot who nailed the frog in the first place (giggity. ribbity?) in some angelic fashion.
0	Know who makes things more unsafe than 10mph over speeding drivers?  APPREHENSIVE DRIVERS.  Fuck those people seriously.   If you don't know how to use acceleration lanes, merge, turn right on red, turn left without pussing out in the middle of the intersection to a symphony of horns, pass a truck on the left, NOT HIT YOUR BRAKES EVERY .01 MILES...etc...  You shouldn't have been given a license to begin with and I request that you turn it in immediately.   I also fucking hate speeding excessive weavers too,  just to be fair.  They're the fucking worst.   Speed... Don't be a dick.
1	Here's a theorycraft I put up on the wikia. A lot of people are only looking at her "nerfs" at this rework, but you've moved past that then you should try something new and play up on her "positive changes". What positive changes you ask? I noticed at least two changes about Kayle that may head her into a different direction.     Reckoning: Slow increased to 35% from 25%     Righteous Fury: Bonus damage increased to 20/30/40/50/60 from 4/10/16/22/28       Okay, Righteous Fury got a huge bonus magic damage upgrade - do not overlook this. This means that if you level this up early, you're looking at quite formidable early magic bonus damage (+40 at level 3 Righteous Fury? What item gives you this much raw damage w/o having drop a single piece of gold). Expound upon this fact and get early AS. Reckoning got a speed slow buff, which means that along with AS you'll be landing in a lot more Righteous Fury strikes making sure you definitely stack up that bonus magic damage. Malady? Wit's End? Divine Sword? Nashor's? Not to mention, most of those not only boost your AS but add a form magic damage as well to your attacks. Sniffing out a AS/On-Hit Kayle here.   Heading toward late-game, her AS/On-Hit viability will most likely fade away as everyone inevitably has more HP and MR. Here, I'd say you just have to swallow the fact that Kayle is not a carry, and delegate yourself into a Pusher/Utility role (notice I didn't say Healer). 'Pusher' because with your stacked AS and Righteous Fury, you will annihilate waves of creeps - and pushing, as everyone knows, is an important part of a succesful game. 'Utility' because of your Divine Blessing and Intervention. You may say, "But her Heal is sh1tast1c!" I say, well look, they double the MS buff. Sure, it's only 2.5 seconds but +23% is noticeable and it may mean the difference of a clutch life or death for yourself or an ally running from a last hit. Intervention, you guys know the drill. This ultimate is a pain in the ass for your opponents - 3 seconds is a lot in a high-paced teamfight, and this ultimate can, and will, be game-changing if used correctly.   This is not to say she loses her DPS viability completely. I've seen some recent Kayles pick up Madred's and/or Black Cleaver to further exploit her AS viability in late-game. As for AS/AD builds, I'm not sure about that - but if anyone has any luck with such a build, let me know how it worked for you.
0	if it doesn't affect your life, don't worry about it. In real cases of OCD, the sufferer is unable to move on if anything isn't exactly "how it should be." i have a buddy who suffers from OCD. he spends 3 hours before writing a paper adjusting the placement of his pencil and the papers. he can take a few minutes to flick the light switches several times when entering a room. going to the movies is the worst. the only statement capable of expressing why, is "his seat." we have left movies after paying and mid way through, because the seat he was forced to sit in, due to his being ocupied, felt like "needles," as he put it.
0	I still remember when I was 5... A few days into school, my teacher, Mrs. Court, wanted to reward us all for being good. I was trapped in a line, all seated in rows on the floor, little heart racing and chest thumping, sweating with panic as she came for me. They were little round smiley faces, alternating in colours as they came off the roll, but mine was to be green. I stopped her as she reached for me. "No thanks, please, I don't want one." "But you've been good!" She reached again and I pulled away, pushing her hand as she'd nearly got me. "Please! I don't like them! Don't put one on me!" She insisted, "But you've been good! Everyone gets one as a reward for being good!" "But I hate them! Seriously! It would be a punishment. Reward me by not giving me one, then I'll know that I've been good." "Alright!" She laughed, her false joviality a guise while she concocted her sinister plan. She carried on past, defiling each stupid little child beside me while they , reached out greedily for their little face. I sighed in relief, but then after she'd stuck the row behind me, I felt a slight pressure on my back. I spun and seized the hand of a boy, Fraser, behind me, his finger still outstretched with the mocking green smiley face dangling incriminatingly by its repulsive, adhesive bonds. I pounced on a him, my other hand closing around his throat and blind to all but exacting justice on this FIEND that had violated me! "Wait!" He spluttered, "It wasn't me! I heard what you said but then Mrs, Court got you from behind when you weren't looking. I was taking it off!" His behaviour still disgusted me as he'd intended to keep it for himself, but I thanked and released him before being sent outside for fighting. And I don't think I've ever truly trusted authority figures ever since.
0	This has been my philosophy, and I'm much happier for it, mostly.   The one time it came back on me, was loaning $1500 to a friend to get her car fixed. We had it, didn't matter at the time.   Fast forward to 6 months later. I lost my job, we really needed money, and she inherits a ton of money from an uncle, tells us almost immediately that she's gonna pay us back when she gets it.   She disappears (to us) shortly after, ends up taking ALL of her party friends to Corpus Christie on her dime, gets arrested, has to make bail, gets a huge fine (so we heard). She stopped talking to us even though she had been best friends with my wife and even lived with us for a while when she fell on hard times.
1	It might not do anything for you, but I'm sure ADC, AD Junglers and AD toplanes would love you for the 25% arpen.   herp derp magic damage
1	then again, why not ban those and let bjergsen play leblanc, someone that can make plays. at least morg ban would of been decent, then if c9 picks kha, tsm can just take elise.   The 2 games karma pick Imo was just awful. i feel like yeah she does a lot for a team, but bjergsen was not a support mid laner type player, they gave him Nidalee in game 3 and look how many spears he was landing. making plays and applying a shit ton of pressure. not to mention how karma cannot do shit in teamfights vs c9's comp, she can probably q every 5+ second which is actually a long ass time, yeah she can provide shields but if you look at c9's comp, they hit 1 q with morgana then elise cocoon followed by them freely using their abilities on you, those shields don't do anything.   Also, no one on Tsm could get to c9's backline you have renekton just barely could do anything. 2 games tsm probably wouldn't even touch C9's backline ( 3. renekton/eve - only renekton could probably go onto their carries) then 1. Lee/xin - both squishies probably die instantly from peel that sneaky would get.   in game 2 however they could do it with xin/rene, but guess what? lulu mid coming in from hai, even more peel, even more shields meaning tsm couldn't do anything about sneaky farming up and then totally destroying them in teamfights, but if they had bjergsen on another mid laner that can make plays and assist oddone and dyrus then it would of been 2 different games. including the fact that dyrus lee pick was not that great...
0	I also work inside a retailer for a 3rd party cell phone company.  I have the worst of all customers.  She came into my store and my employee added a line to her account per her request.  She stated that she worked for the company that she was with.  She then stated not to add anything to her account besides the minimum because she wanted someone at work to add the other stuff for her.  We give every customer the standard speech (including her) that you have 14 days to flat out return without a cancellation fee, 30 days to exchange, etc. She comes back in on day 15 and says that she wants to flat out return her phone.  I inform her that she is over her 14 days and that she would have an early termination fee.  She asks if she can get her company to waive it if she can return it.  I say this is no problem I will take it back up to 30 days.  She then returns on day 31 and says that there is no insurance on her phone and that she wants insurance.  I inform her that we gave her the speech that it must be added within 30 days and that she stated that she didn't want it added at the time that she purchased her phone.  She ends up throwing a tantrum right there in the store.  I am as calm as I can be and just explain everything I can as best I can.  She then leaves complains all the way to the retail store's corporate office and my company's corporate office.  It all comes back on me.  Looks like she was never informed and that I was very rude to her. My boss says just exchange the phone and put insurance on the new phone.  Come to find out that she had swapped the phones (first line now had added phone, second line now had her original phone).  She had insurance on the line we added but not her original line.  She tried to return her broken phone that was originally on her first line.  She was just trying to scam us.  But in the process got me talked to by some very high up people that believed her lines of crap.  Even more, we recently just switched companies in the store and so if you purchased your phone before a certain date you have to call a number if you have issues with your phone.  She came back in and tried to return her phone again!  I gave her the number and sent her on her way.  Nice thing about it is I got to report her to my old company, to my new company, and to her cell phone company (her employer).
0	Yes sir I did.   I'm not some marriage nut or religious freak or anything, but I don't want a kid out of a marriage. Why? Because I grew up like that and it sucks. Furthermore IDK if I'm going to move somewhere or do something else with my life that might not be "kid friendly".   Well she chose to lie about everything and get pregnant. Which apparently is completely legal (I checked. Good job US legislation...)   Now I might get a "scumbag steve" meme made for this, but I told her the child is hers and hers alone. I made it abundantly clear I didn't want a kid and she blatantly went against that. For people saying "Don't take it out on the kid", I'm not. Her mom is taking it out on her. She knew what she was doing and chose to proceed with it. I've seen how she takes care of her other 2 kids (which, for the record, are both fathered by different men). She's a decent mom who makes shitty decisions.   If the kid wants to meet me later on in life, no problem. I've got nothing against the person. But I'm not staying attached to this psycho girl because of it.   Furthermore, she's been seeing a guy and they're getting married. The other guy treats her and her kids with respect (from what I've heard through a mutual friend) and I'm OK with that. Wish them all the best in the world.
1	Mate, you fucked up your A-levels but by the sounds of it, since you were doing 4 subjects, your AS levels must have been decent. The following is assuming you can't get a place in a college 2014-15   I've got 2 options for you that I think you'll like   1)Apply to a new college for 2015-16. In the meantime study For resits of various modules you did sub optimally in at AS. Revise up on these and neaten them up. It'll give you something to focus on and will keep you in the academic mindset. You don't have to be in a college to take the exams (just find one to sit them at), and since you've studied for these exams before you just have to use online resources and the revision aids you should already have from last year. Come into the 2015-16 year fresh (though depending on how old you are when you start you probably won't be able to study at a sixth form). Drop one subject so you take three and make this year count. You should have even higher prospects this year because you spent a whole year retaking modules.  Try to find a part-time job in the meantime cos sitting around on your ass half the time will be expensive - also resits cos money. Getting one will probably take time, but if you're just looking for a part-time job you should eventually find one.   2) Going back to the point about you already having done these exams, you should have all the revision resources from that year, but instead of fine-tuning your AS levels then going back to a college for A levels, this time study at home and do them yourself, drop one subject if you need to. This will be harder, but honestly You CAN get good grades. D's and E's mean you at least got 40-50%, so you definitely know the basics. All the resources are available online, you just have to look for them.  Apply via UCAS yourself. You should already have a personal statement from your application this year. If not, then make one again. UCAS have loads of aids to help you write one up. Again, you can take the resits at a college without actually attending. I know loads of people who've done this. They all really got their shit together.   Downside to this is that you'll depend on clearing because of your low predicted grades  but i know people who've got into top 10 universities through clearing. If you work hard enough there are usually enough vacancies for top 20 Unis for people who've got good enough grades. You just have to get those grades.
0	And you're missing mine, which is what you're saying is correct, but flawed.   Yes, laziness plays into obesity, but not always. Is Chris Christie lazy? Dude's accomplished more than you or I have, most likely, and he's HUGE. I wouldn't call him lazy. Just inactive.   "Blackness" here doesn't mean skin color, but cultural identity. Plenty of people will look down on black people for the way they dress, act, and live. Why? Because much of it is borne from generations of poverty and, as such, it rejects the cultural norms - which are all based on "white culture". White Culture is the aspirational "ideal culture" in American society.   If you tell a black person to act more white, it's generally not acceptable - even if it would get them farther in the "White Man's World". It's doubly insulting to them because black people already know this - it's not a secret! So you most likely wouldn't say it.   Why, then, is it acceptable to hitch up that high horse and tell fat people something they already know? Fat people know it's not acceptable to be fat. Not all of them are lazy - maybe some of them are as lazy as you, just whereas you're lazy about doing your taxes or fighting for a better job, they're lazy about athletic activity.   Someone sees a black person working at Burger King and says "Lazy bastard" - not o.k. They're taking two known features of a person (bad job, black) and applying it to their entire character.   Someone sees a fat person and says "Lazy bastard" - o.k.? Eh. I don't know. You're taking one feature and judging their entire character.
0	I was so torn about this issue for a long time. It's a very paradoxical situation in that we are attempting to create fairness from a democracy of two which is impossible unless the two people are already in total agreement.   So the thought that abortion should be a couple's decision rather than a woman's is an idea that invariably comes up.   But ultimately that is not an ethical solution. For two reasons: one, a woman must carry a child and experience birth or alternatively the experience of having her uterus vacuumed out. And since you cannot have a democracy of two or a review board for every abortion it only makes sense that a woman be given the legal right to choose whether or not she will terminate a pregnancy.   The second reason is more relevant and important here though: consent to sex is not consent to be a parent. And no one should be forced to take on the role of parent against their will. This is where custody and child support court are a huge injustice against men. So "keep your dick in your pants" is just as ridiculous an argument for compulsory child support payments as "stop being such a slut" is for the anti choice crowd.   So the best solution I've found is legally separating the two decisions. Men and women both have the right to choose to have or not have sex. If a pregnancy occurs unintentionally then BOTH man and woman have the right to CHOOSE whether or not to become a parent. Now because of the biological slantedness of pregnancy (only women of the species carry children to term) those two decisions are different. For women they have the legal say over whether they wish to have the pregnancy and support the resulting child. And the man has the right to choose whether or not he will support the child after its birth.   So if a woman chooses to abort then that's that. Its not a perfectly fair model but we can't have people not able to choose whether or not they start carrying a life and then squeezing it out of their body.   Now, if she chooses to have it then that's when it gets interesting. At this point the father has the right to choose whether or not he wants paternal rights. If he does then he cannot have his custody rights denied unless by court order. If after the birth if he then wants to leave only then will he be obligated to pay child support. Alternatively if after the birth occurs the mother does not want to act as mother then she is obligated to pay child support to the father and the father is granted full custody.   I believe this is the closest nationally implementable policy that is close to fair.
0	To anyone who doubts sexism is alive and well in modern Asian-American families, my Chinese name translates along the line of "no more females" and my (now dead) grandparents have consistently said disparaging remarks about my gender and how my ass is going to be kicked to the curb because I am a useless female.   My parents frankly admitted that the reason why they have so many children is so they can get that "golden boy" (I am the 3rd girl in a row.)  They didn't even put much thought to my American name and literally named me after one of the nurses at the hospital because of how underwhelming my existence was to them. I was given a lot of shit by my father for being "so outspoken" for a female (I merely defended myself. ) Not to mention the blatantly sexist remarks my father has about how I'm not feminine enough or my weight (I've just generally bigger than "normal" asians since puberty. My SO draws a London Keyes comparison. )  If you need any premise to what I felt or experienced, you should watch Last Train Home on Netflix on the Chinese worker migration because it is the most accurate depiction of my relationship to my father (except my father is not meek and is quite emotional, probably bipolar. )   Don't get me wrong, the sexism was not even remotely the worst of it, but it didn't help to say the least. My siblings all have their issues to contend with, I actually became the most successful in terms of performance and intellect but I carry my burdens. My father likes to credit himself with raising me to be independent and smart by ignoring me, but last time I checked it was called "neglect". I sometimes wonder if I'm so hurt and sensitive about this shit because I'm surrounded by spoiled white children and I envy them.
1	People won't play the game the way YOU want them to. Too many people will have an amazing time racking up pentakills and the like that they have never seen before.
0	the air in the bag is not just air but nitrogen.  they flush the packages with nitrogen because it is inert and will keep your chips fresher.  nitrogen, unlike oxygen, does not interact with the unsaturated fats used to fry the chips and will stave off rancidity.  unsaturated fats are more susceptible to oxidation because of the double bonds in the fatty acid chains.
0	I had a friend that was in the Navy for 5 years. Saw him maybe once or twice a year. When he got out he stayed with our other best friend for a few months and then with me for a few months before he moved to Georgia, where his family moved while he was in the Navy. We are 30 now so its been 12 years since he joined. The total number of days I've seen him totals to less then a year even with the 6 or so months he lived here.   I live in Central Florida and over a year ago my other best friend moved 2+ hours away to Sarasota (1 hr South of Tampa). I dont see him very often now either. Even though we can go months or a whole year with out seeing each other or weeks without talking we still consider each other best friends.
0	psych major here, so allow me to just say this. when women say things, they are often misinterpreted by the opposite gender. Same goes for women when men say things. It's more frequent than you'd think, hell you could almost set your watch by it when ever you please. It's just the way our brains are naturally wired a bit differently.
0	Yeah, the worst part is it's not the same. Not only does the pressure of the water make it harder, the actor is usually  doing something active  and not sitting there, like me...watching TV.
0	Kim Kardasian has an ebay store that sells her second hand designer clothes. She started it in 2002. This week, after 11 years of operation, the store started donating 10% of sales to the Philippine relief charity.   The UK rag the Daily Mail, scandalised this by running a story that implied she had started a charity that only gave 10% of the 'donations' to the Philippine charity.   Reddit, being full of ignorant people who have an irrational hate for rich people, swallowed it whole, without doing any research of their own.
1	This is probably going to be an unpopular opinion with you and other people, but I'm going to say it anyways. As a jungler you need to learn to embrace criticism, ignore rage and focus on what it is YOU can do.   If your team isn't responding to pings, tell them in chat you are coming to gank and make them acknowledge it. If a lane is overextending without wards, buy wards and ward it for them. If you need to help a lane badly and the enemy always wards, buy an oracles and pressure them to play less aggressively. If you're playing a jungler who is not amazing at ganking early, and the enemy jungler is ganking a ton with a gank heavy jungler, go counter jungle them or try and wait for counter ganks. There is ALWAYS something you can do better to help your team, even if they are a bunch of bad players who do nothing but rage.   I think the best thing to do is to know what it is you can and can't do. Sometimes you need to let a lane fail hard so you can help other lanes, or get farmed, or take objectives(enemy buffs, dragons, towers). At that point just explain why you can't help their lane and if they still rage at you for it then just ignore them.   A big trap you should never fall in though is believing that you have no responsibility to make sure your lanes don't feed, or that just because someone is raging at you the criticism is unwarranted. If a lane is getting camped TRY TO COUNTER GANK IT, don't just blame them for not warding, etc.
0	so just the other day i was parked like an asshole. i normally don't park like an asshole but today i needed to give a guy at work a boost who was stuck at a mall. so to make sure the cables made it all the way across i.. you guessed it, parked like an asshole! i then leave, grab a coffee, come back and get into my van to notice that a guy has parked beside me and is now returning to the vehicle. i wave to him, give a nice "sorry dude! needed to boost a friend!" and he just started screaming about my shitty parking job, that i'm an asshole, i'm an idiot, that i drive a minivan(excellent observation) etc. now i hate anyone who owns a white KIA. i should've punched him.  was the better man... regretted it.
0	So whilst having a discussion on abortion in my ethics class the typical "rape scenario" came up. Most of the class agreed that an abortion under that circumstance was acceptable BUT this one curly headed fuck (who might I might add is a 2 time senior and is in a 100 level ethics class) boldly raised his had and asked "What if the rapist wanted that baby? couldn't he take that woman to court and fight for paternal rights?"
0	Want to know how the world is doing compared to 50 years ago?
1	You're unranked with rankeds in your match history. You're too mad. Biased. Look at the size of this rant.     There's a smaller Player Pool size in 3's so a higher Elo in that, really means nothing to Summoner's Rift. 1000ish 5's is like "average", and 1400s 3's is basically nothing     Silver in SC2 is like really bad. You can make Gold with no micro skills and just mass producing Queens. The players in Bronze/Silver in SC2 are like the equivalent of 800 Elo kids, so what's your point.     There's a Ladder in Call of Duty. (I'm pretty sure I don't play Console Trash)       All in all the people in this thread need to realize that they're not mad that their stupid number isn't high enough, they're mad that they can't log on and just play an EVEN MATCH.   That's what people want. Even teams. Even match. Even skills.   Unfortunately most of the people are really BAD at this game.
1	Even if this was true, which is not, this team would never succeed. For the one and only reason. They are toxic. And it's tightly connected to the reason why they are playing good. If they are stripped of their toxicity, they will play bad or they will even loose any interest in competitive scene. And with their attitude they will disband in 3 months, or get banned again.   Their main driving power is their own demise. And I doubt it will change throught their whole life, except through some sort of miracle, like witnessing God and turning to religion, developing brain tumor and completely chainging personality, ending up in army and after an ambush and 6 months of imprisonment by some third-country army finding new view for life.
1	not sure if
0	Had a situation like this in college. There was a family emergency, and I had to drop everything and go back home. I had left my alarm on and that thing was cranked to 11 to wake my heavy sleeping ass up. This all happened during finals week too, so I'm sure my neighbor was pissed. I would've felt bad if the guy above me didn't blast hella dubstep 24/7 and never listened when I complained.
1	Because spinning axe is a massive damage buff(percent based damage buff that applies his passive dot), even at rank one. Because he can use the spell once and keep the buff for an extended amount of time, and even re-apply.  Because asking for a massive damage increase that can't be countered and doesn't expire after a set time is like asking for Corki's rockets to home in on the nearest low heath champion and deal true damage.
1	It's becoming significantly harder to even jungle with her, usually I get the scuttle crab and go gank/counterjungle, but even if you do it right you can get absolutely shat on by a lower health jungler with no items or a mid laner with a bit more exp.   This if of course nobody fed and you're making the first aggressive move, it doubles when one or several lanes fed and ask for ganks putting the blame on you, you're behind, you can't deal damage, your teammates aren't cooperating and trying to surrender.
1	Silver 5 ADC main with three questions :). 1) I typically play MF, but I have recently picked up vayne as I she is very strong now. I typically rush botrk as my first buy (with boots after cutlus). Is this a smart take on her?, also which situations will this not work? 2) As an ADC main what button configs should I change from the defaults. Also how do I effectively make use of the 'a' and '~' keys? 3) How do I play/lane from behind? I know this is broad, but this is the thing I struggle most with in landing phase. Sometimes behind by my own fault, but also sometimes beyond my control from my support/jungle getting caught in lane.   Thanks for your help :)
1	Many, if not all of the high ELO players say to choose a role. Hate to break this circlejerk, but I always play AD. Regardless of my position, I will call AD and regardless of what we have I will pick it. If someone doesn't dodge, I do.   People tell me to "never play ranked again," but that flies in the face of what actually good players say. People get real mad, but I don't change my role. I've gotten really good at AD.
0	Quick link...   Gaba and acetylcholine, son.  Understand pesticides produce non intuitive effects in the offspring of affected babies.  I.e. pesticide use peaked in 1982...  And all top pesticides increase acetylcholine...  Well now, your brain in smart, so it drops of excess acetylcholine creation cells   Via the reduction in capacity perennially to create and use acetylcholine...   Our other neurotransmitters are increased...  Serotonin and dopamine...   This is my theory, anyway...  Love to get some tests.  Oh wait there are a ton of studies corroborating this...
1	For Top lane: If vs a strong laner early like Renekton,Riven or high poke like Jayce,Ryze get Lifesteal quints and AD Marks vs easy lanes like Kha'Zix i use full Armor Pene marks,with AD Quints and CDR glyphs.   Early game: Start with Doran 90% for good trades,get doran shield if vs Jax or any other poker or strong auto attacker.First back take 2 doran again(2 Dblade's or 1blade and 1 shield).At this point try to kill the enemy laner,as you are rly strong if you catch a double q. If enemy laner is staying behind his minions and away from your leap range,Just jump to a minion and slow them or root them then unleash your damage   Mid game:At this point you must have your Tiamat(1st rush after doran's),you farm easily and do a lot of damage too.Try to take kills,but also keep in mid for kill chances at mid(u can easily gank with your ulti). After you finish your brutalizer,you can also roam at bot to kill the adc set him behind and even try a dragon   Late game:You have your full damage potential unlocked,you can Kill any carry alone or even his support(avoid 1vs2 if they have CC like Ashe or supp like Leona,Morgana).Ward enemy red buff and wraiths,usually adc's lurk there,they are free kills.Also roam and split push bot more often(adc's tend to go there a lot to farm too :D )   My usual build is this:3x Doran start(3x DBlade or 2xBlade 1x Dshield) -->Tiamat>Brutalizer>Yummu's> from this point there are a lot of paths   Full ArPen(Ryan Choi style):>Tiamat>Yummu's>Last Whisper>Black Cleaver>Hydra>Trinity   Off tanky rengar(can't remember the players name -_-):>Hydra>Yummu;s>Black Cleaver>Spirit Visage and then depending on game another defensive or offensive item   off topic:Alex ich's Hybrid Pene tanky rengar(other high elo EU players use that) Hybrid Pene marks,2x health regen quints,1 armor quint,mix of health/armor quints and CDR/lvl glyphs or MR if vs Magic damage,and his build is usually Sunfire,Visage,Trinity,Omen+situational,maxing W(tanky stats+heal) then Q or E   My preffered full build:Hydra(1st for the keybind),Yummu's,Black Cleaver/Last whisper>Sword of Divine(3 crits active)>Spirit Visage>Tenacity boots later Zephyr
1	EDIT: Let me explain why Lee Sin, and the mechanical overload school of design is an issue. > - Incidental power. Q should reveal enemies on hit because you should be able to tell where they're going before you jump in. Why should his E? It has limited application in most situations, but it can invalidate a few champion abilities like Wukong's W or Akali's W. > - His E leaves no option to fight. When your attack is slowed, you want to run. When your move is slowed, you want to attack. Combining the two effects makes for frustration. > - The more mechanics you cram on a character, the more difficult it is to keep each individual mechanic balanced AND satisfying, e.g. an ability with 20% movement slow AND 20% attack slow will outshine the one that only has 20% movement slow; thus it follows that the ability with more effects should have reduced power--say, 10% movement and 10% attack slow. However, at some point you'll hit the threshold at which the effect is so weak it no longer feels satisfying.     I thought the whole point of a blind champion was that he had other ways to see?  The point of Tempest having the reveal is to grant more certainty when chasing enemies, and TO SERVE AS A COUNTER TO tactical stealth.  Or is it so terrible that Lee can press E instead of reactively dropping pinks all the time?   What about...I dunno, Wither, Ice Blast, Absolute Zero, Crippling Strike, Glacial Storm, Randuin's Omen...just saying, but you guys have a ton of AS/MS hybrid slows in the game.  Let alone guys like Gragas or Malphite who can land both their MS and AS slows together with very high reliability (Body Slam > Barrel Roll is mostly reliable, Malphite just goes full Sona Stance).   Requiring a 10/10 split to equate a full 20 is a logical fallacy, because it's judging a single ability in a vacuum.  In particular, the 10/10 split (basically Lee, since R1 Cripple averages at 10/10 with decay) would be specifically for a dueling champion as a way to win 1v1s, whereas a 40/40 slow would be designed as a high utility move designed to shut down and kite autoattackers.     Also, you're over-rating Lee's kit.  This it what it really is:     Passive is a temporary AS buff + resource sustain (necessary, since nothing else in his kit regens energy)   Q is just a damn skillshot gap closer with damage.  The reveal is primarily for scouting and anti-juke.   W is a Shield/Vamp self-buff with  conditional  dash (read: "Insec" is shorter-ranged than regular dashing).  There's an ally shield, but when used as an ally saver it's rather negligible unless comboed with E or R...and then you're out of cooldowns.   E is a PBAoE AS/MS slow with a reveal.     Step back for a second.  What does this really read as?  Because to me, it's just a guy who's good at dueling but has practically all his utility loaded into ONE cooldown that requires you to be in melee range.  If he can't deal enough damage to duel, then what's left is just an annoying asshole who's hard to catch.   As for his Ult?  Sure if you want to inflate the list then it's a "Knockback-Knockup-Execute", but to me it's a nuke with a heavy punish conditional for a melee champion (knocking target away) and two HEAVILY conditional bonuses.  Yes, the conditional is punishing because if the enemy intervenes somehow (shields, heals, damage reduction, etc) then the enemy can actually be in a BETTER position than before you used it.  Also, when it comes to the knockup, even with all the skill in the world it's hard to use reliably unless the target is completely stationary.
0	Because life is about dealing with tough issues.   We cant put warning labels on the entire world. If we don't have experiences where we face tough and unsettling (even horrifying) situations, we won't know how to handle them later. You learn and grow by experiences. It is like keeping a kid in a clean room, the moment he goes outside he will get sick because he didn't build up an immune system. The situation won't actually hurt you. It may be emotionally jarring, but we're big kids (or in the process of becoming big kids) so emotions are our own problems.  If no one is intentionally targeting you, then you have to learn to deal.   Your way of dealing can be discussing why it isn't a good subject to have in the media, fine. So work on changing the social cues. But don't expect the world to come with a warning label. There are so many ways to upset so many people that it is impossible to label them all. And then who ever got missed will sue.   There's nothing wrong with compassion. There's nothing wrong with media programs that are politically correct. There's nothing wrong with being compassionate. But don't force warning labels on the whole world, because you're only making a generation of kids in a bubble. They have to go outside sometime.
0	that just makes it 18 per 100,000.   I think many people would take issue with the "just" portion of your statement, particularly considering how our rates of pregnant women have been going up where fatalities due to car accidents went down last year.   The
0	Ad hominem. No allergies. I am a chemical engineer and do not work in food service. I don't feel strongly about my BiL and his eating habits and I didn't expect such a strong reaction from my passing comment. Regardless, I am interested in the debate my anecdote has sparked. Personally, I learned a bit about the difference between an allergy and an intolerance and how each must be handled differently from a food service perspective.   Allergies are very different than intolerance when it comes to food prep. In one case, the cook can avoid using gluten as an ingredient and the customer is fine, for an allergy he/she must clean all their tools and surfaces to avoid even minor contamination. Understand the difference from the perspective of those that prepare your food. People think its easier to simply claim an allergy than explain their mild intolerance or even their simple dislike for an ingredient. It makes a big difference to the people in the kitchen, because this meme seems to have struck a cord with both sides.
0	The thing about working retail on thanksgiving is that it’s actually an insult to everybody. Not just the people forced to work it. There are noble professions out there, and regardless of the money made, people are constantly sacrificing. So I’ll explain it the same way I did to a veteran who was frustrated by retail workers complaints.  When you’re out there, you’re doing what you’re doing so that the rest of us can get home. Soldiers are fighting so other people can have this holiday, and one next year (yes many are going to argue that it’s for different reasons). Airline pilots are working so people can get home. You’re not with your family, so that I can be with mine. Your sacrifice is directly aiding your fellow man to be with his loved ones. Why am I going to work on thanksgiving? Because some already rich shareholder wants more money, because he wants another house this year.  You went out of your way, so that other people can be with their families, and they can’t be. Retail workers aren’t performing a noble job, we’re giving people things they want, and most of the time things they don’t want or even need! We’re driven to sell you extra garbage.   Now on one of the only two days you can really call American holidays (Thanksgiving and Independence Day) we’re being forced to sell you more garbage. Those two days are there to be celebrated by every American citizen. Those 2 days are special, regardless of orientation, creed, or skin color. On those two days no matter who you are, you have something to celebrate.   The corporate companies say that customers want us open earlier, to serve them. The customers say they have to line up earlier because the company is opening stores earlier and they want a piece of the pie. It’s a really clever sheet being dragged across everyone’s eyes. The savings are garbage. It’s all the same shit that goes on sale weekly, now it’s just all in the same day.   It is 100% bullshit that people are working on thanksgiving. It’s a day to be thankful for what we have, but it’s being taken away from us, if I could learn to fly a plane, I would switch off with you every other year, this way we could both enjoy time with our families at some point. Instead time with your family is becoming a privilege of the elite.
0	I did pro-bono work and I got the job I have now solely because of my internship from years before. My boss sought me out specifically for it.
0	Some articles are really, really fucked up, I prefer to read papers instead of wikipedia if I really need to know about the subject in a more than
0	We make everyone at work sign an agreement to not discuss wages as it can only ever lead to people being upset.   I have very mixed feelings about this.   I understand the "makes people upset" logic, but if you're not prepared to justify why X employee deserves more than Y employee, maybe the discrepancy isn't warranted.   As an employee, discovering a (perceived unjustified) pay discrepancy between yourself and a coworker is demoralizing and insulting. And ultimately, it feels like either favoritism of the other employee or corporate greed, like the company is trying to take advantage of you and avoid paying you what you're worth.   As a free speech scholar, the whole, "You're not allowed to talk about your pay" thing smacks of oppression -- the kind that was very prevalent during and after the industrial revolution, and that unions emerged to fix. Because losing a single employee is a lot less detrimental to a business than losing a paycheck is to a single worker, the business has a lot of leverage to bully workers into concessions like these.   As a former small business owner, though, I also know that it's often much more complex and pragmatic than that. Handing out a marginal wage increase for an employee is usually preferable to having to find, hire, and train someone new. Ultimately, when those pay increases should come is a judgment call, and there's usually not much info to go on (e.g., it's rare that employees come to you and say, "I've learned a lot recently, and I'm starting to feel underpaid in light of my expertise") Also, even if they don't quit, employees who feel underpaid often underperform, show up late / leave early (or call in sick more often), or even steal from work. But, if I had to choose between giving everyone a small pay bump and just hiring a new person, I guarantee that I'd be posting "Help Wanted" signs.   Plus, businesses really only exist in order to make money. When it comes to doing the same work, odds are that most of the work force isn't actually worth the increased wage. And when it comes to the balance sheet, past loyalty has zero present value: just because they've been there for years doesn't make one employee any more valuable than another. (Future loyalty, however, can be worth something.) In order to protect that future loyalty,  it's in the business's best interest to keep employees from having knowledge that they can use against it -- especially knowledge that would upset a large portion of the workforce.
0	This was a lot of my childhood. My parents would get in these drag out fights (words only) pretty frequently. It got so bad that naive me would go in the bathroom and put towels at the bottom of the door so that I didn't hear them. Hey, I was 10 or 11 at the time. I just wanted a way out of it. In hindsight I wish they had noticed how much it sucked for me.   I had always wished for my parents to get a divorce, and when I was 12 I got that. But these things are funny. My parents said that I could choose who I wanted to live with; I chose my dad. Thus started a whole new fight, my mom fighting to get a psychiatrist to testify that I couldn't make that decision. Thanks mom.   It all sucked and it was demeaning. I had to meet with the elementary school counselor for some time because of their divorce. These meetings were always during recess. Fuck that. On top of that I kept insisting that I knew the divorce wasn't my fault, but every day it was a new story book about how Johnny's parents divorce wasn't Johnny's fault. Sigh. On top of that, my mom would spend the child support check at the Clinique counter at the nearby mall. That's something I don't resent, but I'll never forget. Nor will I forget the day she sat me down and said she was giving up the fight for custody. I was elated at the time, but seeing my mom so crushed slowly deflated me.   Ultimately it was the best thing to happen. Sucked at the time, and I really wish my parents wouldn't make jabs at each other to me, but hey. What are you to do? It gets better. Two Christmas mornings, two birthdays...etc. Have to take the positives.   Now they literally live on opposite coasts, one in Florida, one in Oregon. I find it pretty funny.
0	Well, anyone should have the right to say any word. Nigger is just an example of that.   White people have done a lot of bad things, it's a fact. My issue is that the freedom people take in accusing white people or making jokes about white groups like the Irish or Italians is that they're the first ones to call you sexist/racist/homophobic when you make a joke about any group. The only way to celebrate diversity, it seems, is to not acknowledge any faults or funny stereotypes and only celebrate our differences positively, unless it pertains to whites.   I think my biggest problem is that I've dismissed true homophobes and racists as being complete morons that I'd rather identify with those who also want to move past it, but I feel like I'm being stifled and dismissed as narrow-minded simply for having a naughty thought or making a joke.   Two examples of White Stereotypes that no one does (or should) care about.   St. Patrick's Day = Drunk Irish   While the mob is a negative stereotype, there is a chain called Godfather Pizza. As an Italian Canadian I couldn't give a shit less, and just hope that sort of light-hearted take on race/culture can continue with an underlying true respect for eachother as human beings.
1	Imo it should be common courtesy if a tournament host is streaming and asks players not to stream they should abide (even if it's not written in stone.)"   Seriously? Think about the viewers for a moment, why do people watch own3d.tv streams of NESL games instead of the official twitch.tv stream? I don't know about others but for me it's because twitch.tv's stream sucks - I can't stream 720p without lag, hell I can't even stream 240p without lag. It may be that their service is very poor for my part of the world (NZ), but then consider that I can have THREE own3d.tv Streams going at once on highest quality WITHOUT ANY LAG AT ALL. It's all about the better service, I'll put up with ads and watch if it doesn't lag and has good video quality. NESL using twitch.tv doesn't give me that, so I watch own3d streams.
1	My understanding is that,     Something that applies %HP dmg hits you (i.e. Blade of the Ruined King, or Vayne's Silver Bolts)     How much dmg it will do to you is based on your current or total HP (this is calculated at the time of collision)     But the dmg is multipled against your current resistances (armor of BoTRK or magic resist of Liandry's Torment), then subtracts this amount out of your "life pool" (not an official term).     Your "life pool" pool includes. HP, normal shields (barrier, janna's shield, Bloodthirter Shield, Locket of the Iron Solari), MR exclusive shields (Lifeline passive, Kassadin's Null Sphere, Morgana Black Shield...)
1	1) items give your champion better stats and make him stronger as a result. there are tons of guides on the internet. search for them and take them as a helpful guideline. you will get what items are good at which point through wathcing streams, high elo games or tournaments in general. For streams i suggest wingsofdeathx or voyboy for example. look also for videos on youtube.   2) when riot released the system, everyone got many honorable points (or teamwork, helpful, friendly) -> everyone got a ribbon (red for honorable for example) riot didnt like that so they made them almost impossible to get. they scale with your played games. if you get points frequently you get a ribbon, if not, you lose it.  i lost my red one as well. same for all the people i know. there are some "famous" people with ribbons, for example whitetigrex, a high elo 3v3 player. ribbons are too rare nowadays. riot needs to change that :/
0	True, but again, I don't think you should give them the actual money in that case. In my experience, actual money (paper & coins) are far too easy to reluctantly spend on something unimportant. You should ask them if they would like to save up the money and then if the answer is yes, not give it to them unless they specify exactly why and come with a nice reason. Also, you oughta still do the "But you want that console more, don't you?". Treating them like that will learn about the real reasoning behind prioritizing money, as they will start comparing what they want and what they really want and perhaps become a little more reflective.
1	The tower pushing strategy really limited the main usage of Nocturne/Yorick/TF because they're all reliant on sitting in a lane phase for 15-20min. That way, Nocturne and TF can combo gank or split gank a few times and Yorick can farm up.  They didn't have that ability and essentially shut down those champions.
1	There is potential for some unique, interesting lore and play style.   The basic idea is that one of Yasuo's abilities allows him to swap with Yone. Yasuo's abilities are mainly damage-based while Yone's is defensive / utility oriented.   That in and of itself is not unique.   But here, we can deviate from the standard "I will catch you one day" motif.   Taunt (Yone): You do realize, I'm letting you live? Taunt (Yasuo): You do realize, I'm letting you get close?   At first glance, these taunts can be interpreted to be directed at enemies. However, you could also interpret them as being directed at each other. The fact that they can joke about it indicates that, while Yone is in pursuit of Yasuo, she still believes that he is her brother and can convert him to her side. On the other hand, Yasuo wants to go his way, but he does not hate his sister; he finds it unfortunate that she is not on his side, but he still regards her as family.   When you use the ability to switch from Yasuo to Yone, Yasuo instantly flies away while Yone flies in, saying, "I will catch you one day."   When switching from Yone to Yasuo, Yasuo says, "I am always with you, my sister."   Passive: When the character dies as Yone, Yasuo takes her place, being invulnerable for 5 seconds. His melee attacks do massively increased damage, but they are skillshots (because samurai). He says, "I was the one who was supposed to get caught!" When the character dies as Yasuo, Yone takes his place, being invulnerable for 5 seconds. Her melee attacks taunt each champion hit, but they are skillshots. She says, "I was supposed to be the one to catch you!"
0	Trying to change who you are is like pushing against the wall. No matter how hard you push, nothing will change and you WILL lose, and only hurt yourself more in the process. You have to give up and let go, but at the same time hold on to enough of your sanity that you don't lose your head completely. That's how to make it though the day, you see? it can be done. You just have to learn to accept and be content with the reality that you can't change. otherwise, you may as well just kill yourself.   The fuck is wrong with you?   Trying to change who you are is ENTIRELY within your grasp. Your problem is the people you surround yourself with - their reactions to you. You think their reactions or opinions of you are set in stone and made objective through societal norms. SO GET AWAY FROM THEM. Find new people who like you. Trust me, they exist.   And for god's sake, trust me on this because I speak from experience, the first step in finding those people is being approachable. STOP hating. STOP whining and wallowing in self-pity like you've been doing in all these posts. CHANGE HOW YOU ACT - ACT HAPPIER, act jovial, be someone nice, witty/funny (practice), be the guy who always has interesting things to say (but for god's sake DON'T go all Aspergers on everyone and try to one-up them by sounding smart). Basically, give people reasons to want to be around you. Not materialistic reasons, either, but reasons stemming from your personality.   You complain about your looks, yes, you can't  drastically  change those - although, again, speaking from experience, a haircut, well-fitting clothes, and a few months in the gym with protein powder make a fucking amazing difference. So you can't drastically change your looks, but you can change your personality. And no, this isn't compromising yourself or selling out - it's part of being a normal fucking person in society. Make yourself likeable, which is super easy to do, because I'm telling you right now, from the way you're coming across in these posts, you sound completely fucking unlikeable. All that self-pity and  anger  just pushes everyone away from you. You talk about rolling with the punches - well, roll with them and keep smiling instead of complaining on fucking Reddit about it. Channel it into happiness instead of anger and people will want to spend time around you (again, this takes time to occur).
1	First of all: For god's sake, add some paragraphs, your post is a pain to read.   On Topic: I disagree with you regarding the fun part. Imo it is  way more  fun, if you have to choose "do I want to escape or go ham" according to your state of "fedness".   I'm just gonna pick up the Talon example: his ult is a nice escape or damage mechanism. If he is behind, he just sticks to the enemy ADC and uses his returning blades to deal further damage. If he is ahead, he probably already killed the ADC and can escape with his stealth.   Another Perfect example of the OP's opinion on Assassins. One thing you could add would be a second activation: Make it so that you can click R twice to make the blades return early and deal more damage to a target near you the earlier you reactivate. Thus you have an even harder choice of "kill or survival".
0	So, after doing my research to provide some links, it looks like we aren't as singular as I had previously thought. I would say it looks to be about half and half. In countries like Germany, English is widely spoken and known. And in france not so much. You would want to learn french.   On average, most European and African countries  are  more multilingual than the US, but that is due to the propogation of French in Africa and the EU now making borders a lot more hazy.
0	Cartman gets pissed at this dude named Scott, because he sold him pubes and Cartman found out buying pubes is stupid or something like that. So Cartman challenges Scott to a chili making competition. They eat each other's chili, and Scott's laughing because he put pubes in his chili, and Cartman just ate his pubes. Then Cartman explains how he killed Scott's parents, cooked them into chili, and fed them to Scott.
1	In the bundles tab there are two bundles. If you get these two bundles you will get you quite a few champions. I'm fairly certain I have yet to play several champions that I got in these bundles. This was almost a year ago. These two bundles will net you like 40 some champions.   If you bought all the champions at one time, you would be thoroughly overwhelmed. I would say it takes about 5 games to  really  get a feel for a champion. 5 games for 120 champions is 600 games. More than likely you will take a liking to a few champs and play them a bit more than 5 games. A $60 game includes probably close to 1/10 of the content that Riot has released  FOR FREE.
0	If you can imagine these scenarios and getting through them together, however, then it sounds a little more promising then a proposal and/or marriage day dream, in my opinion. I imagine marrying Tyrese Gibson all the time, doesn't mean we would stay together if he went bankrupt and fell into a depression that started a drug dependency.
1	I started playing League last year at the start of season 3. I got to level 30 right before the summer (being a busy college student, getting to level 30 takes forever). Never got enough motivation to play ranked right away. Coincidentally the new aram queue and map just came out, so instead of normals or ranked, I just played aram the entire summer. As it turns out, aram really improves your mechanics and team fight abilities, but my map awareness and objective controls on SR are so terrible. So as of a week ago, I got placed in Silver 1 by playing Graves 7/10 placement games. Right now, I'm Silver 1 with 100 normals wins 250 aram wins, and 8 ranked wins in my belt.
0	Happened to me, too. Teacher marked down half of every problem because I didn't show work so I talked to her after class asking what exactly she wanted me to show. She assumed that I had another sheet I was using that I threw away after the test. I solved a couple problems right in front of her, proving I didn't skip any steps, and she didn't care after that.
0	Story if any...   I was alway nervous to eat certain foods because i believed they gave me gas or nasty stomach aches...  Then, after leaving for college and drinking far less milk, I found I wasn't having the same symptoms with the same meals.  Upon returning home and drinking milk again, I noticed it happening.  It wasn't the meal, it was the drink with the meal...
1	Dont get me wrong. I love dominion as a gamemode.i love the map and music but i do think it is meant to be fun not competitive. "Its fast and fun" thats dominion. U can do whatever u want on that map. If it were to go competitive it would mean it would get balancing. And dominion is really hard to balance. Its not like SR or TT.
1	Well with season 3 coming up, and players who actually have potential (2.2k+) players...offers really do come up like this that are legit. I do agree though, most players are young and naive. This could be my
0	When I first started dating a girl who did oral and anal, I thought "OK, I should probably figure out what this is like, so I know what it is that I'm asking her to do."   My first experiment was to taste and swallow my own cum. It wasn't pleasant - slimy, rather tasteless - but it wasn't particularly unpleasant either (I'm a vegetarian, which may have something to do with that). I decided that swallowing my cum probably wasn't a great ordeal, and that I needn't feel bad asking someone to do it.   In the interests of strict scientific accuracy, I should probably then have gone out and got pounded in the ass, but my devotion to science didn't go quite that far. I settled for putting a vibrator up my ass, rather carefully, using lots of lube and a condom, and observing appropriate precautions to make sure I could get the damn thing out when I was done. The object I used was somewhat smaller than my penis (he bragged, humbly), but I figured it was good enough for getting an idea. I then discovered what many gay men and straight women know, which is that having something in your ass can actually feel quite good, especially at the moment of orgasm. So I gave anal sex the "This is OK to do to someone if you're careful about it" rating too.   I think that this is something more guys should probably try. My experimentation didn't turn me into a cum-chugging butt pirate (not that there's anything wrong with that), but it was a useful reality check. And as OP has found, if your cum tastes foul, it's a good idea to be aware of it so you can work on the problem or find alternative options.
0	I celebrated my graduation because I was homeschooled for the majority of my lower education until I turned 18, moved out of the state, and finished my junior and senior years with honors. I had always wanted to attend school (especially as I got into my teens) but my mother refused, so I thought I would just wind up with a GED (at best) and a McJob. I also finished my associates in December and am attending a top level art school in the fall to earn my BFA. I likely would have had a lot of trouble if I hadn't gotten the diploma, so I was pretty fucking proud of myself. I was also the only girl in my family to do so.
0	All, understand  - Extreme bullying is usually not performed out of random choice. One does not say to themselves - "You know what? I'm going to be a complete asshole - just because." Extreme bullying (and we're not talking about harmless teasing) is an outward projection of inward feelings toward the self.   To explain:   Those without emotional intelligence and self control, compensate in their actions, in response to how they feel about themselves. If they feel like shit internally - usually brought about by abuse at home - their psychological defense mechanism is essentially thus: Instead of breaking down and crying in 1 spot (though, this is how  some  people would respond to an extended duration and severity of negative emotions due to abuse, depression, low self esteem etc), the subject would instead project compensating behavior that allows the subject to feel better about him or herself. Bringing down others, physical confrontations, etc, temporarily allows the subject to feel better, internally.   Unfortunately, those that are  so  abused, come from extremely poor upbringing, or are depressed to such an extreme, they commit even more harmful (violent/heinous) acts outwardly. So, the gist of all this is, the human psyche is extremely flawed. Our thoughts and our actions are too sensitive to our environment. Only a lucky few can perform self observance and prevent negativity from influencing actions; A lucky fewer can do this at younger ages. The bullying we've experienced (to whatever degree) is a product of people feeling like utter crap about themselves, for circumstances that could not have been controlled (usually); I feel bad for those that have been bullied. I feel worse for those that have had their lives changed for the worse because of it: Result is poor self esteem, depression, need for validation, etc.   If you know someone who's behavior has been impacted by a long haul with a bully, try explaining this to them. Unfortunately, it takes more than knowledge to change one's internalized thought processes, but it is a step toward self actualization and enabling scenarios in which people can challenge their belief system that has been corrupted by bullying.   More work needs to be done on the subject, but "Bullying" is an elaborate extension of [Psychological Projection](
0	This does not need to be "fixed" it's not a bug in the first place. Youtube is a video streaming site, not a music site, and just because you decide to use it as one doesn't mean it should ever work that way. There is a feature being implemented in future versions of the Youtube app which will support what you call "broken" in the current version, but most likely not for the reasons you had in mind, instead it's most likely for people to be able to hear the audio from say tutorials on youtube when in another app, which is a viable use for youtube which hosts plenty of informative video tutorials.   Yeah I know it hosts the music videos with a single frozen picture but that's not what it's made for and accommodating for those videos is by no means a priority, because music streaming apps (with a single still picture called cover art) are available like, Pandora, Spotify, etc... and have on demand streaming for a fee. Youtube is free* you fucktards, don't expect it to kneel by your feet and do your bidding.
1	first of all i think this case was a close call   and btw you don't need to declare or even 'threaten' people with you muting them. just do it. no need to brag about it. don't rub it in their faces.   your point is kinda weak. its like saying i would like to be a nice person but some people aren't nice to me so why should i be nice to other people. seems kind of like a childlike approach to the problem.
0	It seems a lot (perhaps most, but I didn't scroll very far) of the comments are criticizing people making memes about CISPA. IMO, that misses the point. Seeing a meme about CISPA on the front page can get people's attention. Once you have their attention, you can inform them.   Case in point: I learned of the new push to pass CISPA last night, on Reddit, from a meme. Thanks to someone in the comments, I found a good resource:   [Electronic Frontier Foundation's page about CISPA](   If you follow that link, there's an explanation of CISPA. They have a link button (which says "TAKE ACTION"). If you click on that, it takes you to [this page]( where you can quickly, easily, and at no cost to you, send an e-mail to your legislators. It automatically sets the text of the e-mail to their form letter about CISPA, but you can change it if you wish, or delete it all and write your own message entirely.   Without people raising awareness about CISPA, I wouldn't have been, well, aware of it, and wouldn't have sent communications to my legislators' offices. I also wouldn't have had that sweet link to share on Facebook, which led to at least one other person sending communications to his legislators.
0	Ah well, we're about even when it comes to robbing each other of credit on inventions. And it's not hilarious, it's outrageous. At least to you it is. Otherwise you wouldn't be correcting me.   I'm upvoting you because you're correct, and smirking because I managed to unwittingly annoy someone. Don't start laughing at my ignorance - this shit has happened to you too and you know it.
1	Perhaps it is abuse but dragon is worth less gold than a tower early game and it becomes fairly simple to tank past the 15 minute mark and obviously, much more likely to be contested by the other team, in which case there would be no time for fancy tricks just trying to burn it down in time for the smite war, or turnaround for a teamfight. Not sure if we're talking about the same game where an early 3 man dragon was taken due to this technique, but in that it case wasn't worth for that team, because 3 members were committed to dragon for some time, the opposing team simply 3 man pushed down the toplane tower which was worth more gold, and also granted map control and lane pressure.
0	You can pay for a community college education and living expenses (with roomates) with a minimum wage job.      If you do well there then the scholarships and grants will come rolling in if you decide to transfer to a traditional four year school.       Even if you don't do stellar, you will be able to get a decent job with your associates degree that can pay to put you through the rest of a four year.       Also, if you go to a community college you will become and independant which means that you will be bombarded with free money for being broke.
0	FACT: being more beta will not get you sex.  Sex is not something you should have to suck up to your SO for.  Best strategy is to play off the no sex, hit the gym,  and play hard to get.  Women want a man, not a suck up pansy.  Believe me I have tried the whole do more for her thing,  it will just make you mad unless you actually talk to her and say I do X to get sex. Otherwise you are setting yourself up for failure.
0	Not to prosletyze, but only because I don't want to turn this into my blog. it can get into some
1	CONTEXT FOR /R/ALL*   Piglet a.k.a. Gwangjin Chae is a Korean League of Legends player who used to play for the Korean Team SK Telecom 1, a team who won the Season 3 World Championships back in 2013. He is considered a star player, and after the 2014 Season 4 World Championships where he and his team failed to even reach the World stage his team broke up and his contract was open. Team Liquid (Formerly Team Curse) quickly grabbed him and pulled him in to the NA scene to compete for Team Liquid in the North American League Championship Series, which is part of the regular season for League of Legends.   However, Piglet needed time for his work visa to go through, and during that time someone needed to fill his spot for the first few games of the LCS. That person was KEITHMCBRIEF, a challenger player in the NA scene who showed up very strongly in those first few matches, helping Team Liquid secure wins in their first few matches in the season.   However as soon as Piglet started playing in the LCS, Team Liquid seemed to falter, dropping several matches and according to the article linked there have been compatibility and communication issues between him and his teammates. This stands to reason since Piglet doesn't speak english and the rest of the team doesn't speak Korean, and these issues are clearly showing up in their scrims (practice matches) and LCS matches.   So apparently after much deliberation, Team Liquid has decided to bench a previous world championship winner in favor of a relatively unknown player who has shown himself to be a better fit for the team, and thus why this news is such a big deal.
1	Most traditional sports are introduced to people as a fun way to pass time. People then people get good, and start competing properly and training seriously. In the west, we have only just started to really enter the serious training part of e-sports, where as in Korea, they have seen the fun, started the training, and now have to be professional. So right now, even if teams in NA and EU are really training seriously (which the may or may not be), they need to make the game appear fun, and draw more people into the lower professional scene, so as to expand it, then, when there is enough of a semi-professional basis, they then have to be serious, so as to show that the E-sport is not just a game, it is a serious sport.   Its a bit like getting a child to enjoy sports. If you make it fun for them in the beginning, they are more likely to play it again, and then after they find it fun, you can expand this if they have talent for the game. Now most will only ever be a minor player, but some can be turned into pro's. However, if you introduce the sport as pure hard work, have their first taste of the sport as them training to exhaustion (mentally or physically) like the pro's of that sport do, they will be less likely to take up the sport.
1	I said great point because he did make one - that people are willing to overlook a story's credibility because it doesn't have a specific name attached to it, especially in eSports journalism.   Why? Because this is a largely teen/young adult audience who're reading these kinds of articles and they don't realise the repercussions of someone revealing this kind of sensitive information about someone.   Furthermore, as a big pro-wrestling fan, I tend to read websites which are known as 'dirtsheets'. Nearly everyday a story comes from an 'unknown source' who 'claims he saw X speaking to Y' and speculation posts literally fill these sites and get them the ad revenue they need. This is the type of 'journalism' that causes people to be wary of unnamed sources.   Now finding someone brave enough to name and shame AND name themselves, I understand that's really hard to do so I get why you use anonymous sources. Anonymity is a massive factor in journalism and something I support entirely.   You only have to look to the backlash to Olly of Millenium as to why people don't reveal themselves when these kinds of stories get out is because the same community that stands up for facts and doing what's right by the pros (be they players, managers, journos, casters, etc.) can be the same one to destroy their reputation.   Do I think it ruins your integrity? No. Like I said I can't remember off the top of my head you having to print a retraction. Also, the fact of the matter is, you wouldn't print something you knew you couldn't back up in court with proof if it ever got that far. That's Journalism 101.   I honestly don't think we're too far from that moment of someone being sued for what they've written but that's another topic for another time.
1	shes an AD Caster she uses abilities to do serious damage, so you stack damage and armour pen (BC LW BT) and then take defensive items (Warmogs + Randuins/GA/whatever).   I feel as if what you're saying here is proving DL's point. He is saying that ADCs will no longer exist as they are now. If ADCs become AD Casters/Tanky-DPS champions rather than the glass-cannon champions they are now, ADCs will no longer be played. Draven excels are snowballing the game early, and while his damage does scale very well nito late-game, why play him over Kog'maw, who has superior range and % HP damage. Why play Ashe when you can just play a Graves and pick another champion with strong iniation. In ou For pro players, there is very little incentive to actually innovate. Why would they take risks when they can just play what works. As a theorycrafter, you need to play what you think will work well. Being a theorycrafter is a thankless job, no one is going to pat you on the back when everyone else is doing what you were doing 6 months ago. However, those people are the innovators, they keep the game fresh and constantly change the meta.
1	Hold on. You admit she has a debuff but seem to believe to be a dedicated support you need to buff and ally? Are you trying to say the only true supports are those with heals or shields?   Im afraid your wrong, a support is a champion who usually has some form of cc who is able to do without much gold or items. That is the one characteristic all supports have. There are many different types of supports and all provide some form of utility that is often not found on other kits with out a serious gold need to be effective. Sustain, shields and general cc/utility is often normal. Supports like leona, blitz, thresh, zyra, even other unorthadox picks such as vbear, and lb offer some form of utility while needing little gold. Leona offers her cc lock ups that are good at all lvls in a game no matter how much gold you have- thats why people play her support bc she is able to provide that utility starting at lvl2. Zyra on the other hand is played support bc of her high dmg outputs without items- on top of her high utility kit. Unorthadox picks like lb or vbear are picked for burst and innate tankiness/cc respectively. The last three are champions to be nit picky about because they are played else where. Leona on the other hand doesnt really have other roles she can fill effectively.
1	I don't think it i that hard. Meteos don't know how to play Nunu, so I guess the opposite team should not ban him, so theywould either Get nunu for them, make C9 spend a Ban on nunu, or having meteos not have a great game. They can also try to ban Zac, Jayce or Elise because those are the main C9 champions. Other than that, they can chose end game champions such as vayne,play safely and try bringing the game to late game, C9 likes ending the game quickly so they pick early game bullies. Remove this from them and they are fucked.
0	There is an implication of luck to the word accident. The concept that we didn't have reasonable control over the situation.   For example: When somebody rear-ends you, then you had an accident. When you rear-end someone else, unless there's some mitigating factor, you were negligent.   This guy had reasonable control of his weapon, and chose not to exercise it by removing the ammunition and double-checking the safety. This was no accident. This was negligence to the point of  begging  for trouble.
0	I do hate how a lot of people who claim to follow God completely forget how just He is. I am under the impression that no good man, atheist or god fearing, will be left out of heaven. If there are things they need to get done before they can go to heaven I'm sure God will give them the chance anyway. Heck millions upon millions have lived and died without ever hearing of God. I am 100% sure they will all get a chance. God isn't going to let someone sit high and dry and thrust them down to hell just because they never had the chance.
1	A lot of people most likely be interested in it, you may as well just start doing it and advertising the stream as opposed to asking first because although people may say they dislike the idea they may actually like it when it's up and running. But you'll have to really work at it as there are so many people that do it as well as so many pro streamers that give running commentary on their streams all the way through such as; Scarra and Oddone.
1	When I was on the toilet yesterday thinking about Viktor and his Battlecasts, a fun thought surfaced: what if Eternum Nocturne is a creation of far, far distant future Viktor/Battlecast Corp? The only way I see this being possible is that all the technological warfare around the time of Pulsefire Ezreal, was won by Zaun/Noxus. After that, Viktor and his Battlecasts would have turned against Noxus shortly after to accept them into his Glorious Evolution.   Now that Viktor has full control over Valoran, where else to turn? Ionia would have out up some resistance, but were no match for Viktor and his resources. Now let's say he spends some more time gaining control over the remainder of Runeterra. Now what? Why, the stars of course!   In order for my little toilet thought to reign true, Viktor (Or maybe if Viktor died somewhere along the lines, old age, assassination, freak accident, ect. A successor would be leading the charge) would've won any wars with aliens encountered in space. Allowing his empire expanding to multiple planets.   Fast forward, hmmm... Let's say, 100,000 years, and the Battlecasts the control the galaxy, and maybe a few other galaxies. At this point in time, the Battlecasts would be so advanced they could bend space and time at their will, becoming omnipresent in the fabric of the universe, and they may call themselves something new, Eternum. They see all, they know all, and Eternum Nocturne got bored and decided to go back in time to see what all the rage was at the time of the League of Legends.   I could just be talking out of my ass here, and none of this makes any sense to anyone. Has happened before.
0	Yeaaahhh, for my mom's side of the family all the women are pretty much crazy (actually the men too) and I can kind of see it in my younger brother and def in my female cousins. My oldest brother thinks I'm the most well adjusted person he knows though, but I'm always joking with my husband to watch out for when the crazy gene is activated... I am half joking half serious (me and my brothers used to refer to our mom as 'psycho mom' we had a song for her...)
1	For me, personally, I try to see it as a challenge.  I try to do the best I can to work on anything that might need improving.  Map Awareness, Ward control, making the correct decision.   I know that it feels hopeless and "what's the point". but as soon as i have an afk'er i try to take the opportunity to at least improve something about my game.   I'll usually just try to focus on one thing that i want improved.  If it's Map awareness I'll try to make a rule to look at the minimap after every CS i make and take a mental snapshot of what i saw.
1	He has more potential on TSM because he would be laning with a better adc.
1	I would like if RIOT implemented a more open freegames Mod with more parameters. If you open up a Custom Game you can choose with     which level you start     how much starting gold     with minions or without (for catch the teemo or "Run in the Base" games)     with or without Buffs or Jungle Camps     A Deathmatch would be awesome - you spawn somewhere in the Jungle with starting items and run around killing all of the enemies (all 9 of them)     Tower aggro on or off     Fog of war - on or off
1	It is actually. &#3232;_&#3232; When psychologists treat someone with a phobia, they use exposure therapy to help lessen the severity of it. People who suffer from severe arachnophobia often can't even look at a picture of a spider without experiencing extreme anxiety and fear. When they're being treated, the first step in exposure therapy is then trying to desensitize them by increasing their exposure to spiders (in this case). They start out slow, say by showing them a picture of a cartoon spider, and they increase from there. Next would be a picture of a real spider, etc. So, yes, fear of spiders on a screen is a legitimate fear for someone with a phobia.
0	I asked out a girl when I was in high school, might have been the start of my sophomore year. I thought she was so cool, so much different from all the other girls I knew, ect. I really did think I found one person who I could spend all my time with. I eventually asked her out and she said no. The worst part of rejection isn't the rejection, it's the time after. She didn't really talk to me and it made me feel awful. We eventually got close again as friends, but there was always an awkwardness and a standoffishness coming from her. But we were friends. When she went to college she had no friends and would call me crying, saying she missed me and needed me. Once she said she loved me. This Finally made me feel like I had a place in her life like I had always wanted. But once she found a group of friends the calls stopped coming, the texts stopped coming, and she alienated me and never made me feel comfortable around her again. Girls are weird man. But now I'm in a great relationship where the feelings are mutual
1	The point is that Zed utterly shits on mages and the one advantage they might have which is poking and farming safely is impossible because Zed does it even better. Every other mid assassin is fine because there's actually some risk involved in their laning phase, in the cases of people like Diana and Talon they can make the choice to use precious mana to secure a last hit or put themselves at risk by getting in melee range and being susceptible to poke. Katarina and Akali can last hit from a distance, but due to the nature of their respective Q's it requires good timing since the first half doesn't do that much damage. Meanwhile Zed does a shit ton of damage with his W/Q that outpokes ranged people, farms from a safe distance, and can be used virtually forever.
1	Splitting prize money is circumstantial evidence when you consider what they must do to be DQed. From MLG's official statement; “competitors may not intentionally Forfeit a Game or conspire to manipulate Rankings or Brackets." Splitting prize money does not affect rankings or brackets. Now, if either team didn't play with 100% intention to win, then yes, the split is additional evidence, to the conclusion that the teams were colluding and should be DQed.
0	I find this truly an interesting test of a persons financial status growing up. It is usually also a indication of the class of person, not always. Seeing someone request a steak anything above medium rare seems that they have never had a good steak or one prepared correctly. I have family that is rich and family that is poor so I see a stark contrast in how each orders food. Wealthier people almost always order a steak medium rare to rare and no steak sauce, or ketchup (cringe). There is a reason McDonalds puts ketchup with everything, including their shakes. It is to mask the poor/bland flavor of their food. The reason people had to cook their steaks so much was to prevent food born illness due to poor refrigeration and lack of money so food was kept on the shelf longer. This was also the reason most southern food is so spicy, they were some of the last states to get refrigeration so meat was often rancid and spices were used to mask the bad flavors.
0	I know what it's like to be used, and it sucks. I knew a kid when I was younger that didn't really have any friends, so being the nice guy I was I tried to make regular phone calls, emails, and the occasional visit. I wanted him to feel like he wasn't alone in the world, as his family tried their hardest to convince him he was. (Scumbag parents...) The kids dad wouldn't ever let him buy anything he wanted unless there was something in it for him. So if he wanted a video game, I scrounged money to get it for him, and if his mother (who was very self centered) wouldn't let him have a candy bar, (as she thought he would get fat and it would ruin his swimming career) I would make it a point to pick up some candy for him when I was in town. Well one day I saw him out in public and he basically ignored me, I asked him why he was acting like that and he cursed me out. I just don't get it. Some people just aren't taught appreciation anymore. Some people are ass holes who don't deserve your time or money. Happy birthday, I hope yours was better than mine...
0	It's not just the physical chasing of the child. The more taxing part, honestly, is mental. At the end of the day you're mentally drained. You've had to stimulate a small human being with needs that change on a dime and aren't always expressed well (currently have an 11 month old, crying/whining is all he can do when he's displeased about any number of things).   Granted, health is important to me and I dedicated one nap a day to in-home exercise until I reached my pre-pregnancy weight. Now that he sleeps less, I do it as I can manage.
1	Simply 'cause you pay so much for stats you do not need
1	Why should I not play ranked if I see it as a pass time? It's a hobby for me. I don't take my hobby's seriously as if it were a real job- because I do them for fun. I play ranked for fun. I play ranked to see how I compare to other players. And I believe that is why most people play ranked.   How would you implement such a mechanism. If they don't climb out within x games, they should be booted? No, I disagree. Ranked systems exist within many competitive games, and many different players of different skills levels participate.  YOU LITERALLY CANNOT DO ANYTHING ABOUT THIS . If they are bad, they are bad. Why should they be excluded because they aren't good at a video game that has no bearing on anyone's life (except maybe high level LCS play, but that's a different story). You are the typical low ELO player. You believe that the reason you cannot climb is because of your team. You are too outward focused. You cannot change who you get matched with. You can only change your own plays. And that's what you should focus on- as I did. I used to think like you. Then I actually took a look at myself, and lo, now I'm within the top 12% of players in my server.
1	Considering that C9 was pretty much skillcapped (except for Sneaky imo), this is a risk worth taking. They werent gonna get much better than they were, which was showing, just think about it. First split, they dominate, not even a competition in their region. Second split, TSM has a great start and looks to be the strongest team again, but C9 gets it together and pulls through, taking a 3-0 in playoffs over TSM. Third split looks rough, eventhough they again pull it together at the end, but this time they lose the finals 3-2 to TSM. 4th split, they get their lowest regular season placing ever (2nd, lol) and lose the finals 3-1, also almost getting 3-0'd by Liquid.
1	It offers the chance for another solo lane. Let me put it this way. When you have a duo-lane (two people in the lane) the exp is raised to 110% meaning  each champ in the lane will get 55% of the exp. In your mid lane your ap carry will get 100%. This will obviously cause the mid lanner to level up faster then bottom lane. Now on to jungle, when you have a jungler, he doesn't take lane exp and gets 100% of the jungle creeps exp. This frees up top lane to get 100% of his lanes of exp. This is a great way to get a level advantage over a enemy team  without a jungler. This is the main reason. The other reasons is that the jungler can gank more offended because his location is not know by the enemy team at all times.
1	Hijacking top comment/possibly answering a lot to do with this actual comment. I was the manager/analyst/coach (disbanded recently, after internal/attitude and motivation issues within the team) of one of the top level Oceanic teams (I'm not looking to start a debate on whether this is equivalent to Bronze on Korea and Gold on NA, just the top of my scene.)   My advice for wanting to help out any other team/become any of these positions is to be good at them all. Furthermore, I went as far to write a mock resume of sorts, including the reasons why I'd be a good candidate for the position. This included discussing previous experience/connections with eSports and League, my writing/English skills etc etc. I sent this to a particular team I'd watched play enough in online tournaments and competitions and was friends/acquainted with one of the players.   From there I learnt quickly about all the necessary skills you need to manage a team, things like media managing, social networking, contacting sponsors and scheduling practice. The list continues, but basically this tangent was to suggest that there is a variety of things you'll need to be able to do (from my experience, anyway.)   So
1	Because Rango Jungle has been a topic of discussion lately, I'm going to re-post a thought I had earlier in regards to why the pick isn't having success in NA:   I think the reason that NA teams seem to constantly fail on Rango while Korea has had a ton of success comes down to a basic understanding of the champion. Unlike many of the other top jungle picks this split, Rengar is not an autonomous aggression machine. His success is very dependent on his team mates and their ability to A. Win lane on their own so that there is a lot of pick potential both in lane and in the early part of the Mid game. B. Play safe enough to prevent the opposing Jungler from getting ahead of Rengar and reducing his effectiveness. Time and time again in NA, the Rengar pick is often a round peg into a square hole, the comps either don't fit him or he doesn't fit the comp. Look at the last game, LMQ v TSM:   LMQ   Ackerman Lulu 1 1-1-11   NoName Nunu 3 1-1-11   XiaoWeiXiao Yasuo 2 3-1-8   Vasilii Tristana 3 10-0-4   Mor Nami 2 0-3-13   TSM   Dyrus Irelia 2 0-5-2   Amazing Rengar 1 1-2-2   Bjergsen Zilean 3 4-2-2   WildTurtle KogMaw 1 1-3-3   Lustboy Alistar 2 0-3-6   Amazing got completely shut down by Noname's Nunu, a pick which TSM already knows is in his back pocket, as it's been played under similar circumstances with effectiveness in the past. TSM's lanes were nothing special. While Dyrus did perform admirably in the early game, the natural progression of a Lulu v Irelia lane is in favor of Lulu. Yasuo is an effective counter to both in lane and mid game Bola Strikes, and has a relative damage and scaling advantage over Zilean. Tristana/Nami is a very strong and bully oriented lane, while you have Kog/Ali hoping to scale up and participate in teamfights. Rengar is not meant for this team, he lacks disengage and doesn't have enough tools around him to be effective in ganking or in the mid game.   A Rengar pick is a situation-oriented pick in order to provide your STRONG LANERS with a ton of information and allow them to rotate without fear of being picked.   Rengar should not be picked under these circumstances, or at least TSM should structure their team in a way that he can be effective. Based on the current bans and LMQ picks, here is how I would have structured a team around Rengar if I was insistent on picking him. Top: Mundo, Ryze, Irelia. Choices are limited here because of bans. Dyrus's pick was probably the least bad given his ban situation (Lulu, Gragas both picked/banned)   Mid: Orianna, Twisted Fate, Ahri. The invisible ball delivery system is well known, but very difficult to pull off; Given Bjerg's previously demonstrated proficiency on the champion, I would have gone for TF in this situation given the safety of LMQ's bot lane (Trist/Nami is one of the most difficult lanes to play against IMO) and used Destiny and Gold Cards as my primary initiation tool in order to set Rengar up, a Zhonya's rush is necessary.   Bot Lane: Kog is about as good a pick against Tristana as you're gonna get, Corki can play the lane a bit more agressively but scaling quickly becomes a concern as Tristana's range and attack speed make her a machine gun as soon as the 3rd item. I did not agree with the Alistar pick and would have gone with a more high impact support such as Morgana (especially considering Tidal Wave and Bubbles from Nami) or Thresh, in order to force LMQ's bot lane to respect the Hook/Lantern combo and play the lane more conservatively. Korean teams ALWAYS set Rengar up with strong/winning lanes and a ton of catch potential. Korean teams LOVE TF/Rengar as the vision control from these two ultimates is second to none. Rengar is a reverse Nocturne, he provides vision while Noct denies your enemy's. Teams are trying to play him like Lee Sin or Evelynn, and until they adapt their overall team play style the put Rengar in a position to succeed, he will be viewed as a frustrating/unsuccessful pick for the NA region.
0	Yeah, I'd say there are more bible thumpers who get offended by "happy holidays" than there are non Christians who get offended when they hear "Merry Christmas"
1	This is a really good point, which is why the 3.10 patch both scares and excites me as a C9 fan.   Scares me because they've been sticking to a strategy that has allowed them to sweep the entire split without ever having to make any significant changes. They've had to adapt in tougher games but haven't really had to adapt on a scale that involved them changing their gameplan entirely right from the get-go.   On the flip side, watching them was getting kind of boring until mid-late game hit (if it hit...), so seeing them come up with something new will be interesting. They're all solid players and plan well as a team so regardless of how much 3.10 forces them to change their style I'm not to worried.
1	A few tips:     Know that an ADC can get shut down at anytime (even if you are fed) if you do not have a team to back you up, unless you're a god Vayne or Draven or Tristana     If you want to solo carry, it's easiest to play a role outside of bot lane. Top, once fed, people can only stop you by 2v1ing. Mid, insane roam pressure, can snowball top or bot, siege top//bot, pressure objectives/buffs. Jungle, can snowball lanes or solo carry (ex. Trick2G's "Godyr").     Kills don't mean much unless you know what do with your time that your opponents are dead. If you just aced the enemy team and have 4 alive 20 minutes in, do you back and buy? Wrong, you take baron or dragon + buffs, while pushing out lanes and warding.     Spread your influence. Just because you are 15-3 does not mean you can push one lane to win (unless you top, maybe). Help your team mates with your lead/dmg/pressure.     Play to your team's comp. Thresh, Fizz, Shaco = catch comp. Ward, deny vision, get picks. Take objectives after 1 or 2 picks. Ori, Mundo, Lulu = hard engage team fight comp. So to increase chances of winning, DO NOT TEAM FIGHT that team. It is heavily reliant on the AoE of Ori, Lulu, and Mundo.     Know that as elo rises, it becomes harder to solo carry and becomes more of a team game, therefore, SHOTCALL. Help your team make decisions. If team ahead, force fights at dragon or at a buff. You guys should win if you don't mess up too much. If behind, get catches, capitalize on objectives while 4v5 or 3v5.         Know your role in the team. Are you an assassin? If you are, you shouldn't be going in first using your dmg on the tank. Are you an ADC, should you be on the front line? No. Are you a tank with TP that is up? Should you be with your team when you can abuse the split push TP? No. Are you a peel support or engage support, etc.     Hope that helps. Good luck   edit: If you're wondering what elo I am, I'm Platinum. Trying to get to Diamond. Just got to work on execution on these tips   edit:
1	Hi i am SteveSter and i am a casual plat player who mains Katarina top aiming for Diamond or masters playing Katarina top.   My goal in life is to try my best and make people's day by making them smile or laugh. I am super friendly and will help anybody in anyway i can by talking to anybody with personal problems or help anyone who wants to get better at league. I play ranked and normal usually chilling with my friends.   I haven't been streaming often finding quite hard to stream when no one is watching but will be strongly motivated as more people come! When I do stream it is usually weekdays 11am - 6pm EST   One of my streams in a nutshell
0	I appreciate your multitude of sources, but most of them seem to be pretty... awful.   The main contentions about aspartame (negatively, at least) are that 1) it increases tumor rate, 2) it increases blood concentrations of phenylalanine (which can be toxic in high levels, and is dangerous for phenylketonuretics), 3) it increases weight gain, 4) it generates formaldehyde.   Sources for #1 seem to suggest that there's no significant increase in tumor rates until you hit the absurd amount of 5g/kg body weight (unless their SEM is crazy low, but I didn't see errors shown). That'd be the equivalent of a ~140 lb person ingesting 300g of aspartame acutely, which would be roughly 100-150 cans/bottles of diet soda. The lowest data point I've seen with an increase obviously not caused by error is ~400mg/kg, or ~25g/10 cans of diet soda. Acutely, which would be over ~6 hours based on the experiment. The only thing this tells us is that obviously, consume aspartame in moderation, and unless you're drinking CRAZY amounts, you're probably safe.   For #2, increased phenylalanine concentrations... *(&%ing duh. Aspartame is a 2-amino acid molecule, it consists of one phenylalanine bonded to one glycine. The natural metabolic process here would be to split the two amino acids. Producing a free phenylalanine and a free glycine. In normal circumstances, the human body can deal with extra phenylalanine, so again in moderation there won't be an issue. However, phenylketonuretics lack the enzyme to process phenylalanine, so they shouldn't drink things with aspartame, as they should avoid anything with phenylalanine.   3 is a tricky one, it seems to be supported mostly by surveys and by animal trials. There's not really a suggestion of mechanism, as aspartame (and most artificial sweeteners aside from acesulfame) doesn't trigger an insulin response. Animals obviously aren't the best model for this if it's a psychological response. It's possible that people who drink more diet drinks are weaning off of non-diet, so they're more likely to be obese from all the delicious sugar. Or they're eating more because they believe "diet soda" means they're on a diet. Or there could actually be a physiological effect, I just don't think we have the evidence to say one way or the other yet.   The formaldehyde one is... peculiar. The only scientific study on it was the Trocho/Pardo/Alemany one that you linked. It's shit. I don't say that TOO often about research papers, but it's atrocious. Reading their discussion, they found roughly equal evidence both for and against their aspartame -> methanol -> formaldehyde -> adducts hypothesis, but were obviously biased towards supporting their own idea (which most of us scientists are, really). Their main assertion is that when they give animals C18 labeled aspartame, they find C18 in DNA and protein. But when they check DNA components that COULD do the 1-carbon transfer of formaldehyde from aspartame, they find no C18. Therefore, formaldehyde could not be the transfer mechanism. However, there are plenty of metabolic pathways that move carbons around, and there could be catabolism of the amino acids in aspartame and eventual anabolism into DNA bases. As for the protein assay, it's just... well, again, shit. They isolated amino acids and measured C18 content. So... they pulled out whatever C18 they'd just added in the aspartame anyway (remember, it's two amino acids, it's basically a tiny protein) and measured that. So the protein results are out.   Anyway, the science behind aspartame is really, really tricky. What we can really say for now is the same thing for everything; moderation is the key. Except phenylketonuretics. They should stay away from it.
1	To be perfectly honest what ever your team pick if everyone play his best chances are that you are going to win. If you start flaming because people random or play a shitty champ (or an usual one that may be good) chances are that you will lose this game only because someone will not even try.
0	Usually check engine lights aren't that bad. When its solid it usually means that something isn't running properly; usually a sensor or something relatively inexpensive. When your check engine light is flashing, that's usually when something big has fucked up and you're in for a larger repair bill.
1	Not a "new meta" by any means but a silly thing I did with friends last night that ended up working out:   So a premade game with 4, and one pickup player.  Pickup wanted mid, but so did one of ours.  They couldn't compromise so somehow we ended up with 2 mid, 2 bot, and me as jungle.   Our 2 mids, [nid and lux] end up putting the hurt on the enemy so bad that the guy with a free farm top ends up having to come down and help his buddy out for a while every now and again.   Bot lane is going as it does, ebbing and flowing back and forth and generally being uneventful.  Enemy top is back in his lane and decides "hey, I'm alone up here I can take this tower" which ends up being a terrible move as I proceed to gank him 2 or 3 times before he gets the message.   Eventually our bottom tower gets taken and teamfight phase begins.  At this point things more or less return to "normal" and the game goes on as would be expected. We're down kills, but have maintained dragon control and are catching up on objectives.  Somehow, our top tower is still standing after both teams' bottom and mid towers have been taken.   A couple good teamfights and a baron later, and we're taking inhibs and the game is over soon after.   Definitely unconventional, but it somehow worked out for the best.
1	I feel like even LMQ is weak compared to the Koreans and their level of map control, rotations, and teamfight ability/shotcalling. Only C9 knows how to do all of those consistently; DIG was on top earlier in the split but they haven't been consistent, and the same goes for CLG. I really want NA to be competitive but it seems like these teams have clear weaknesses, which they shouldn't if they want to beat the Koreans or even the Chinese at one point.
0	When I was seventeen I had a situation like this. Myself and my two best friends were at friend one's house. We decided since it was two a.m., and no one was up, it would be a good time to go out on the back porch and get as high as possible. We got our favorite bong and started just absolutely ripping it. Friend one hit it and cleared it, I did the same, then friend two's turn came. He went for it, and it seemed fine when he passed the bong, but then he started just hacking and coughing like he was going to vomit his insides out. Well friend one freaks out because he's been caught smoking before, and his parents will kill him if it happens again. Of course, not more than a minute later, out comes his dad. He goes into a blind rage, friend two and I run upstairs, and starts railing at friend one. Next thing we know he throws the bong against the wall, and it shatters with glass going everywhere. Friend two and I sat upstairs thinking our turn was just around the corner for over an hour. Eventually, once our heart rates returned to normal, and our high started to fall ever so slightly, we snuck out a window of the second story and I drove us home. I never went back over there after that.
0	Because we felt like our culture was underrepresented. There was a time when having a television show staring black people was unthinkable. There was a time when there was no rap music on the radio. The exact same thing is happening right now with LOGO(the gay channel); if they don't make their own stuff, then there won't be any good gay content on TV.
1	actually, read the "big ranting reddit post" about MLG. You'll see the evidences there. This was the
1	free to play, dude!   nah, I think what really sets those games apart is that in every mechanical and design decision S2 was following DotA very strong. Riot kind of tried to remove most elements that hinder people new to the genre to get started. When I tried HoN after playing LoL already quite some time, I didn't really get any easy visual feedback from the game.
1	I wouldn't want them to be a permanent edition cause gambling is what literally kills MMOs. Look at Maplestory, Potentials & Cubes are just so irresistible and people spend thousands because they have 'bad luck' (Nexon rigged random generator) and they want the perfect stats. The rune combiner proves to just be an IP dump since it's highly unlikely you'll get the standard runes that most people use.
0	This has easily become my biggest pet peeve in all of reddit. I've commented on it before. Every single fucking Bieber post just turns into a circle jerk of people bragging about how little they care and saying anyone who cares is an idiot. Meanwhile nobody else is fucking talking about him. Like the top 30 comments will be "OMG I care so little about him, because I'm and adult, you guys are all stupid" Just fucking leave him off here.
0	Would you rather be forced to pay full price even if you get bad service? I want the system to go further- reduce prices by 20% and ask for a kitchen tip and a service tip. I hate not being able to tip the chef.   In countries like Australia, if your staff gives bad service. They get fired. In America, if your staff gives bad service. They get fired.   In Australia, if your staff gives good service. They keep their job. In America, if your staff gives good service. They keep their job.   In Australia, regardless of service, your staff have a minimum wage that they get paid that's a liveable wage. In America, regardless of service, your staff get paid like complete shit regardless of the 20% tip, and it's still not a liveable wage.
0	Not too common. My husbands best friend is a woman. She was " best woman" at our wedding and a few times they have gone out and he just crashed at her place rather than drive home drunk. Why don't i have an issue with it? Because i trust him. And her. He's nowhere near her type and she's not his. I didn't trust her.before i really knew her though.
0	I'm feeling petty, so instead of admitting I fucked up I remember a post of 4chan that went something like this: >Trolling is a art. To which a person replied: "Don't you mean an art?" And thus was replied a picture of a trollface. I've never been particularly fond of memes, but reading that in its original format on 4chan was particularly fun.
1	As soon as someone says something remotely negative I just mute them. I can not be bothered typing to someone who is already angry, if it is my fault or not. But sitting there having a massive argument does nothing but waste my time and his. I have played a few games this season where an early gank did not work or something back fired and this barrage of abuse just comes out of no where. My win ratio has gone up a lot just by simply putting those people on ignore and keeping a positive attitude in the game, instead of getting caught in a pathetic argument over something I don't care about, with someone I don't care about or something that really doesn't matter at all. It would be amazing if I could make it a whole game with out putting someone on ignore, I think since the start of the season I have played between 24-30 games and I have only had one where I didn't have to ignore someone.
1	The glitch is a result of a disconnect between movement prediction, her cougar pounce, and packet loss. This actually happens with a few other champions with non-targeted dashes (Lucian has this issue as well the last I checked), but the reason they don't pop up on the front page of reddit is because they don't spam their dashes when in the fog of war. A very important thing to note is that "packet loss" does not mean lag or ping spikes, so while you may think that you don't have packet loss, you might.   There is a way that seems to fix it for most people, which would be to disable movement prediction (in your menu) for now.   I believe the reason they aren't disabling Nidalee is because this isn't a bug with her kit, but issues with the network. Other champions have this happen occasionally with their dashes as well (Disappearing, gliding over walls, or showing up in weird spots).   They could theoretically modify the code to interact in a different way, but that would require a LOT more than a "bugfix" and would end up leaving her and a few other champions disabled for months. They are most likely just trying to fix the network right now and that should fix it.
0	Yes. I despise these people.  And from the bottom of my heart,  I wish this were the case for every minimum wage worker.   However..   The sad truth is there are far too many people in the US right now that barely scrape by paycheck to paycheck,  that don't swing by the starbuck$ or chipoltees,  and though they may salivate at the thought of that delicious casual dining goodness, they dont, because they have their priorities straight. . . And then one day their car breaks down. They don't have the money to fix it, public transportation is non existent since they live in a small town to save on living expenses. None of their coworkers are in carpooling distance.  So he/she need to get the car fixed. But how? Can't pay what you don't have. .   Until the mechanic points out, they are a large chain, and have a credit card that the customer can get approved instantly for, and use for the repair today! The poor sap with a run down ride has always been told credit is bad, so has no credit history at all. Even the vehicle was bought from a friend (practically a gift), but there is no option.. no car,  no job. And the boss isn't exactly the understanding type. Missing a couple of days at work means trying to find a whole new full time job, and it's the off season!   So they get the card,  have the repairs done. Now since this is a store card the apt on the card sits at merciful /s 20% APR.   This customer could barely scrape by before, and they just jalopied them self into another bill per month from anywhere between 25-50 dollars a month depending in the card.   No problem, maybe just eat a little less for a few months. Tricky, considering their food budget was already less than 100 a month, so they apply for food stamps, and find out that in their area, they are entitled to a whole 13 extra dollars a month since they don't have children   Thus things spiral from there.   Get a second job? Of course!  But everywhere that's hiring needs them available on weekends... during the time they are already working their full time job.   I could go on, but this is already too long and a buried post that will never be read.
1	Garen, Renekton or Riven" = good champs, that doesn't lose early. Akali's problem is that if she doesn't win her lane early (hard?) she is useless.   I used to play alot irelia ("carried" me from lvl 1-30), if i got killed before level 7 the lane was lost. But if i survived until level < 7, we won't be able to kill each other, but every trade will be equal, but irelia will heal up with her w so irelia will win the lane
1	I see what you're saying.  However, I would argue that your point actually solidifies what I am trying to say.  [Old Graph but shows the makeup of the League Community by rank.  The general trends hold true today](   Notice how the vast majority of the community is made up of Bronze and Silver Players.  Aka the 44% LB Win Rates is a number  MOST  representative of  bronze and silver  level of play.  So the question is: are LB players losing because the makeup of LB players are still learning mechanics? Or is it because LB is weak.   I think, the potential for LB is there.  Her ability to deal high levels of burst while being able to escape pressure makes her a  great  assassin.  However, I do not think she is the  best  assassin. But then again, not every champ can be the best champ.   What would be more useful information to me is: Win Rate w/LB in Bronze, Silver, Gold, etc. shown individually.
0	While I agree, OP seems to be going for the low hanging fruit making fun of the people who argue the most extreme and idiotic versions of these arguments. While there are people who argue for the most extreme versions of these statements, I think there are plenty of non virgin, non sheltered, adults who could intelligently argue the underlying sentiments behind the two issues. Such as "you should try to be financially stable before you have kids" or "regardless of the attackers gender you have a right to self defense."
0	I'm not a sheep, I don't profess to be any 'religion'. I'd rather not label myself , but probably I believe in something you could label as [agnostic theism](   Our laws of science have shown that things need a finite start and an end generally, (as Aquinas suggested), but to try and claim to know what it is or pray to it , even suggest humans are capable of understanding it is stupid, and a waste of time.
0	Yes, your scar is an issue for some guys. So is your hair color, your ear lobes, your fingernail length, foot shape, bone structure, and literally every feature that you have.   Likewise, a lot of guys won't care about those things, and others will find them attractive.   Stop bitching about your body. You're only as hot as your confidence. I personally have way too much hair. My ass is a bush (I'm a guy) and a full body shave lasts about a week before it's back at forest territory.   Drives me up the wall. Some women hate that shit. Current girlfriend likes it. I got lucky I guess.
1	Elise is a tricky one, she's been one of my mains since I started playing and I still play her today. I think she has a very interesting play style and skill cap, and even though everyone here thinks she is trash, in high elo she is still quite high on the list even though shes not at the very top by any means, and she definitely needs some attention (the PBE 'buffs' are a joke).   The reason that Elise isn't that good anymore is because she's had so many nerfs. If you look through the patch notes history, because of how strong Elise used to be, Riot gave her lots and lots of small nerfs here and there to try and balance her and them all stacked onto each other created what we have now.   It started with her spider form not giving Armor and Magic Resist anymore, she actually lost quite a lot of golds worth of stats from that nerf so that significant nerf hurt her, but she was so OP that it didn't knock her down a peg.   After that Elise got a couple more nerfs, her Spider E range got a range nerf, and they also fixed a bug which let her cast spells and auto attack while she was untargettable, which even though it was a bug fix reduced her power significantly. In this patch they also nerfed her Human W movespeed, before the nerf Elise's Human W was impossible to out run as it was just so fast, after this patch it was then possible to out run it. They also changed the positioning of her spiderlings in that patch, before Elise's spiderlings would eat a lot of skillshots for her, which would otherwise kill her or make her burn flash (Nidalee Spears and Thresh Hooks for example). The spiderlings would also attack a little bit more after you changed back into a human before disappearing, this patch also removed that so this nerfed her fighting and clearing in general a little bit too.   After all of these nerfs, Elise was in a much better state game health wise but she was still a priority pick, having around 100% pick ban rate in competitive play iirc.   Riot then did another batch of nerfs, which were very significant. Elise's spiderlings health got reduced, her Human E stun duration changed from being 1.5 at all ranks, to scaling with level at 1/1.25/1.5/1.75/2 (need 3 points in E to have the same stun duration as before) and most importantly, both of her Q's got significant damage nerfs to both champions and monsters. This nerfed her objective control and general fighting quite a lot. Both of her Q's got nerfed from 300 damage to monsters at max rank to 150 which is absolutely massive both for clearing but also for securing dragons and Barons (Keep in mind that Lee Sin even now has 400 damage to monsters on his Q). Her Spider Q took the biggest hit by losing 40 to champions damage at max rank. However, Riot compensated a little by reducing the cooldown on her Spider E a bit, but the compensation buff was pretty irrelevant as you can only use it more or less once in a fight regardless.   At this point Elise is not as strong as she was by any means, but I would say her power level was less than Lee Sin, but she was still a good jungler to take.   They then gave her some more nerfs, Elise's Human E hitbox got reduced to 55 from 70, and although yes this did nerf her ability to hit E in general, it was actually bigger than that. Before the nerf, Elise could easily use her Spider E to gapclose to someone and then essentially guarantee that her stun would hit because the hitbox was big enough to hit the enemy at point blank, the ability to do that got removed. Further, they nerfed the range on her Spider E from 925 to 750. On PBE Riot also planned to nerf her Human Q range from 625 to 500... thank god that didn't go through.
1	Try not to spam flamespitter over the wave, it really messes up the lasthitting in the early levels, cause the tick damage is so low.   If you get to see old VoD's marin, ssumday, leopard, balls, dyrus and many other pros used to play rumble on a regular basis, they usually use flamespitter for harrass and then turn back to not hit the minionwave with the spell   Your base AD is low so practice a few games before going in a real match or you'll probly have a bad time.
0	Wife was at a fireworks display with family, while was out of town.   On the phone with me during the ride home, "You should have been here, but kind of happy you weren't.  "The entire volleyball team, the varsity women's team from the high school was standing in front of us in yoga pants.  The lights from the fireworks was just the right angle and intensity to highlight exactly how nude each of them were under the spandex.  Wives were shuffling their husbands and boys away and making a wall so no one but women saw."
1	I think people value scrims way too much. Sure It's a good thing to practice your communication and team comps, but you can not just go out and say scrims are everything, ranked games are shit.   What NA needs is more 5v5 teams, which means giving more respect towards solo queue and getting teammates, even in bronze, people should make teams and try to learn game together, which is a more effective way to also improve your solo queue games as you learn what other people tend to think playing ranked 5's.   I know people in EU run some crazy shit in ranked 5s that effect the way our pros play and improve their playstyle. Even if you lose a game really hard against a pro team, you can teach them a thing or two if they had the mindset for it.
1	This is a bit of human nature, because humans are narrow-minded. Most people especially on lower ELOs tend to just copy things they saw on stream and have a pretty straight mindset, which tells what is good and what is bad, how you have to play. Those people tend not to accept other oppinions that are out of the general consense. If you take a closer look you will see that in Real Life aswell. Especially regarding LoL in my oppinion there is no such things as Troll-Picks, of course there are things that wont work (e.g. if you try to play Karthus as an AD Carry), but even those very niche things might work if you catch enemies of guard. Most people just cannot accept something odd, that is not proven quite yet, because its just easier to stick to the usual stuff. Also people raging about odd Picks or even Bans (leaving Amumu open for example) will loose a lot more games than if they would just accept that someone wants to play something odd and probably even know what they are doing or just trying something entirely new. Best Example for this to me is Support Elise because hands-down after release of Elise people would have raged if you pick her up as Support and nowadays you see her at a really high niveau.
0	Same thing at my house. We don't have extra keys because we have a working garage. Now that I'm 20 they gave me a key because I was coming home late too often.
0	Freshman or just first time seeing the school's "custom" books?  At my school, a lot of classes use these custom books.  It's not a school specific book in the sense that has different problems or different information, the schools will make deals with the publishers to provide these customs with only the chapters necessary for the class.  For most classes, you won't cover a full text so chopping out all unnecessary chapters, it actually makes the texts less expensive.  In many cases, you can purchase an older edition of the book.  The chapter numbers may not match up perfectly and you may miss out on an updated case study or two, but the core of the books really don't change.  NEVER buy your books before your first class unless the professor explicitly instructs you to.  Always ask if they are ok with you using an older edition of the book.  Generally, I don't like going more than 2 editions back.  If it's a math class and homework will be assigned from the book, you're kind of out of luck.  Math authors are assholes.  They change up the numbers in the problems in each edition.  Exact same problems, different numbers so you have to buy the new version.  When this is the case though, a lot of times professors will put a copy of the text on reserve in the library where you can scan copies from the books.  At least this way you can buy the cheaper version on Amazon or elsewhere.  For the classes that require the online access, you can almost always buy access separately and a lot of the time a free e-copy of the book is provided with the online access.  I had one this semester - $180 text with online access.  $80 just to buy the online access and full version of the ebook with iPad app was included.
0	I'm more than hapy to pay for the roads i don't drive on as long as they are in my state. I'll be glad to pay for medical research because that helps medical field moving forward which s essential to society as a whole, where universal healthcare and such only help individuals, specifically ones that can't take care of themselves. I do not want to pay for schools at all because public education is a joke, and government has no place in it.   Even with medical care i'd be more than happy to donate money to help others. In general i would gladly spend more than i would now in donations if i had a choice in the damn matter. My problem isn't with helping others or losing money. Although it is an inconvenience i am not that selfish.  My problem is that the government forces you to do such and forcibly takes away money from people who have earned every cent they make. It should be up to me where and how i spend my money.   If that were the case, and they weren't forcibly taking my money, I would love to make donations and spend my money helping people because i enjoy helping people. I just don't think it's the federal government's or the state government's place to force me to do it.
1	I'm a jungle main, I am mechanically terrible (probably similar to any average gold jungle main(of course I do play Lee but I am not a lee main at all and can barely insec)) and my laning is ridiculously bad (when I play drafts with friends and lane against lower tier players, I die at level 3-4 most of the time by just getting outplayed 1v1.   To rely on this I played mainly Ziggs and the old Gragas (long range wave clear, easy and very safe laning) and Shyvana for top lane (can farm safely early and later if behind with E and rapidly dominates lane/can escape from anything). I am a decent support, but by far not a good one. I played ADC as well as I could when I was forced to, but told my support to play safe, I rarely times snowballed and had good games, but I lost lane most of the time, and often died a lot.   But, I am diamond V on NA, which I think is remarkable. This is all due to my superior game knowledge (I watch alot of VoDs and streams), decent decision making (of course I have a tendency to die, althought the reason of a death is most of the time due to decision making, I die mainly because of my lack of good mechanical play. I think I win a lot of games but by having a good attitude, and trying to "shotcall" for the team (I use the spam ping method) althought it is also impossible, if 2 other players are following the calls, it is a very easy win.   I sometimes low elo, and when my team survives laning (I have a tendency to force myself into my worst roles to make it harder and practice), and follow one call, the game is over. Let's say the game is pretty close (in solo queue less than 5k gold is close, depending on how it is splitted), I just spam ping baron at a good timing, with vision control (its never warded anyway), ennemy members facecheck, some get caught, some escape, some keep pushing lanes. Most of the time my team ends up with like 3 kills and one inhib just for this single call. After this the game is won (I say won, but OF COURSE it can/will often be thrown. but once again if you just make the right call and 1-2 member follows, you can easily take free dragons/a lot of free turrets, pick up good fights.
1	For the people asking me about a solo queue tier list, I'll just type a short one real quick:   Tier 1:   Lucian  - Overall really strong kit, can be picked in any situation, strong laning phase, mid game and late. Good at snowballing and can take control of lane once you get a lead really easily. Has no real drawbacks.   Twitch  - Decent laning phase, snowballs really hard, amazing late game, the only ADC to have map pressure past mid game due to his stealth and can pick easily, and his ult just tears through teamfights. However has no escape once his stealth is used other than slow.   Tier 2:   Draven  - Extremely strong throughout the game, and can snowball because of passive, however lack of mobility makes him a risky pick. Ult can be used to snipe people across the map, and can use his E to interrupt gapclosers (Lee Q, Jax Q midway thru animation etc,) Hard to play mechanically, but gets easier to play after you learn how to juggle axes   Jinx  - Decent laning phase, can snowball due to passive and ult, great mid and late game + really good at taking towers down. Extremely immobile however has a great self peel kit with w and e.   Caitlyn  - Extremely strong lane, decent mid game and great late game. Great at poking, and can snowball advantage by going to other lanes and sieging.   Tier 3:   Kog'Maw & Corki & Miss Fortune & Sivir  - Don't have that much personal experience with this tier, but Corki and MF are both really strong laners, and I think we will see a resurgence of MF soon. Kog'maw seems to be decent as well with Botrk > Trinity. Sivir has a weak laning phase but can just push into tower all day and her ult is great for teamfights.   Tier 4:   Graves  - Weak early due to range, but has a massive powerspike once you get bloodthirster. Can snowball pretty hard. Decent mid and late game. Easy to grab kills with Q R, and a well placed W can turn the tide of a lot of fights.   Ezreal  - Weak laning phase, ok mid game and ok late game, one of the most mobile AD carries, easy to carry with if you can snowball early. If you fall behind, very very difficult to come back from and has a lot less damage than other ADs if you're not fed. Really fun to play tho   Vayne  - Shittiest laning phase out of all AD carries, needs a lot of jungle pressure early or make really decisive trades, make one mistake and you're fucked, however if you get a lot of help and you get ahead then you can snowball, great in small skirmishes and 1v1s, has a lot of outplay potential, and great vs tanks. Decent midgame and decent late game. Short range sucks tho.   Tier 5  - The rest of them
0	It really depends on how the teen parents became teen parents in the first place. If it was an accident (broken condom), I can understand. I still think it's a little stupid to be having sex if you're in no position to take care of a child if anything happens but no one is perfect.  If it's because she let a dude go balls deep raw then yes, I blame her. Even if she's on the pill it doesn't make sense to me to risk it.
1	I'm a brazilian who born in Brazil and still live in Brazil.   u no brazil i es #1 brazil hueheuheueh   Edit: Seriously now, I'm brazilian too.   I must admit that I think it's hard to find some good brazilian players over there. Ok, I'm not the best, and I'm totally aware of it, but my "dream" is to make a good team of brazilians and play in go4lol and such things.
0	You are my hero...   If I ever do speak in front of a group of more than 10 people, I not only stutter, I also move around (like sway back and forth, grab my foot, move my hands, you get the deal), sweat, and (worst of all) stare up to the ceiling, all because I'm afraid of someone laughing, or getting a bad grade, or even messing up...one time I had to do a presentation in eighth grade, I was particularly nervous that day because it was a big presentation about my grandpa serving in the polish army, so I started to move around uncontrollably...this causes the entire class to laugh at me, and I naturally start to laugh as well as stutter...eventually I stammer on to my great grandpa who died in WWII...everyone drops silent except for me, still laughing from earlier, and then I get bashed by the class (who caused me to laugh) for laughing at my great grandpa...
1	Ezreal's Q (and while we're at it Gangplank's) is an EXTENDED AUTO ATTACK, and just so happens to have extra base damage. Same as GP. The difference is, GP's can crit, refunds half mana on kill, gives money and is targetted while Ezreal's CAN'T crit, is a skillshot but has a much larger range and gives him a slight CD refresh on all his abilities when hit, while only having 4-3 seconds of a CD itself.
0	The assumption everyone seems to be making though is that if the house isn't  perfect  when the other person gets home then the stay at home spouse must not have done  anything  all day. When in reality I can pick up toys and wipe tables and floors all day but if my wife gets home while I'm bathing the kids but before I can clean the kitchen from dinner then her (and many redditors,apparently) assumption is that I haven't done anything. It's like seeing a picture of yourself when you were making a weird face, or gesture, if you based your whole opinion of what you looked like from that single picture you would conclude you were ugly or awkward or whatever...but you aren't ALWAYS making a weird gesture or facial expression so the reality is very different.
1	I think Tabzz's statement is hinting to the clash of two major interests:   On the one hand, the past season and metas have shown that players were having a less satisfying game experience in some roles (especially Support and Jungle) compared to other roles, which is indirectly leading to a reduction in teamplay ("Why do I have to support, I cant carry, I dont want to support -> I dont want to play").   Riot then tried to equalize the game satisfaction for all roles by giving them the same amount of carry potential. This is not only a psychological but also a business move from Riot, as more satisfaction will attract more potential customers, increasing Riot's profit. This in turn, however has led to to a reduced satisfying game experience in roles that were used to being or known to be the carry roles (AD Carries 'Marksmen'). So habituation is a crucial factor here. If, as an ADC, you are used to be the carry for three seasons, it's gonna be damn hard for you to accept that everybody can carry now.   Ultimately, and what it is coming down to is, the neverending problem, that riot will never be able to meet the demands of every individual in this community. The community can be perceived as political parties which all have their own interests, and it is impossible for riot to satisfy all parties (think about the concept of perfect imbalance which was mentioned a few weeks ago on this subreddit)   People are complaining now, but they fail to realize that the state of the game TODAY will completely change AGAIN in the course over the NEXT MONTHS. This game is all about adoptation, and sorry dear ADCs, if this meta has diminished your power for a few moths think about junglers and support that had restricted power over a couple of YEARS.
0	Okay so I guess I need a backstory so I don't seem like a person who likes to just torture these so called savages. This inmate barricaded himself inside of a block with other inmates. He was threatening to fight everyone in there, essentially causing a huge uproar and possibly a mini riot. We told the inmates to calm down and take down the barricade and he wouldn't comply. Officers finally force their way into the block and ordered him to give up. That's when he decided it would be a good idea to throw toilet water ( assault ) and spit ( malicious conduct by a prisoner )(which is a 2-5 year prison sentence ) on officers. So in order to restrain him with out a huge fight we simply tazed him into submission and handcuffed him to bring him out the block. There was no malice on our part. Everything was handled professionally.
0	And this is why my published book gets no sales.  I would like to make money, and I do, but just enough that I can afford to pay my car payments, yippie!  But then a college class or 400 decide to make my book a required reading for their course.  Students say fuck the police, and download a ripped copy and share it with each other.  I'm the one that's hurt, not the university, not the professor.  Just the publisher and the writer.  Me.  So thank you ass fucks for downloading and sharing my book.  I hoped it helped you get a passing mark and I'm glad you paid your university good money so their lawyers can block my attempts to remove my book from your syllabus.
1	In reference to League of Legends /u/enigmyx is the real ghostcrawler as he has had the name longer. Now if they ask if he is Blizzards Ghostcrawler or whatever the guys real name is that I don't remember, then there's an issue. However if anyone asks if enigmyx is ghostcrawler then he is without a doubt ghostcrawler since he has the the name in terms of league of legends.   If someone at riot got hired and decided they wanted their name to be soccham then I would feel with every fiber of my being that I'm still the real Soccham as I've got the history with the account name and have had it on all sorts of forums and games and etc for years, which is the case with this guy. Your handle is your identity on forums and etc. It's a first come first serve business.
0	Classic. The first time I saw one in person it was very special for me. I was about 13 and I was with this girl that I really liked. Both of our families were close and we all went on a hiking trip. Well she wasn't having too much fun because about a week before, she had sprained her ankle playing soccer, so she stayed behind for the most part. I went with them for awhile but after about half an hour I got tired, then bitches and moaned until my mom let me go back to the camp. At that point I had totally forgotten about that girl and I had also forgotten which rent was mine. Well I walked into her tent and she was half way undressed. Being the wimp I was back then, I immediately scurried out of there. As I cowered in fear outside of the tent I heard her say "Wait, come back in here!" So I did just that and she looked me dead in the eyes and said "Let's do it." I didn't even know what to do but I was so excited that I just threw everything off except my underwear. She also got undressed but being as excited as I was, I thought I'd help her. I started to pull off her pants when she stopped me and whispered in my ear "Before we do it, I'm gonna need something." I replied emphatically "Yes, anything of course!" She looked me in the eye with a seductive look and said ".....imma need bout tree fiddy." That's when I realized that she was actually a 5-story tall crustacean from the Paleozoic era.
1	I don't know how someone could be so dense unless otherwise ~12 years old, mentally challenged, or just completely socially excluded. He had plenty of context and explanation before I spelled it out for him....
0	I disagree. Voters tend to want to vote for a winning team. In many cases the team that looks like it will lose loses voters who would rather opt out entirely than associate themselves with losing.
1	For those who read the lore, please give a
0	Look I'm a MRA so I support gender equality (that means no special exceptions for either women or men).   But  asking people of a certain gender to show your their body parts before you take them seriously  is most certainly sexist . It's motherfucking sexist as fuck.   Even if "tits or gtfo" started as a misguided egalitarianism, it most certainly is chauvanistic as hell and primarily spoken  not  by well-meaning internet users who want to encourage equal treatment and a high quality of conversation ... but by people who want to demean women and want to see some titties.   I can't imagine the fucked up leaps in logic (or rather, lack of logic) that leads you to defend this shit.
0	I don't know if this has been mentioned before me but I disagree with OP. I believe schooling should be challenging and demanding, not hard. My reasoning behind this is the fact that I went to school up until university in Kuwait, where school is incredibly "hard", but the fact was it wasn't challenging, you just had a shit ton of work to do (13-14 subjects a semester) but in most of these subjects you really learned little that was of use, or relevant. Schooling was hard because it went for quantity over quality, exams went for trick questions and memorization instead of analysis and critical thinking, and most importantly you had a hard time dealing with the teachers because most of them went exactly by what is in the book, even if it was not the best method. That is why I believe that schooling should be demanding without being hard, and it in many ways would be more effective that way.
1	It's not a question of whining because NA is out its more like LOL wants to be seen as a professional sport and they need to act like it for that to happen.   As a fairly new fan/player whatever I was amazed at how many times they had to pause mid game because of mouse functionality.  When I found out about bugs in the game (rengar disappearing in brushes was one I saw recently IIRC) THEN I found out that a lot of these bugs have been in existance for a while (bot lane minions on puple side worth more for example)   Now take a look at the UFC.  They were around for years and never did anything more then poorly organized brawls. It wasn't  professional .  Now you see the UFC has been making lots of efforts to show that UFC=sports.  Moving fights more and more to the cable networks, introducing women fighters and new weight classes.  All of this is made possible by the fact that they run their shit professionally.
0	This is a pretty good resource:   As for which language to choose first... I'd personally go with python, C/C++, or java. I recommend python because it's easier to code with.  But, if you learn C/C++ first, then your next programming language will be much easier to learn (C/C++ can be difficult). And Java because it's often the language used to teach people programming (in the schools I have gone to).
1	okay hold the phone all you negative people. I am a huge fan of being able to assign runepages to champs specifically and being able to refund each tree individually. these are awesome changes. I am a fairly consistent player and this is just plain awesome. just because you are a casual player or dont like the change doesn't mean you can just shoot this down. if it does bother you so much maybe this can be an advanced player setting in the options?
0	this meme just rides coattails
0	Like I said in a comment earlier, some government is needed to prevent outrageous economic gaps, however I do not believe the government should tell me how to live or that I should pay higher taxes so more people can receive welfare.
0	Look at it this way; when kids these days watch an NBA game, they don't stop and think "man, I'm so damn short. I'm never going to get anywhere in life."   The same should be said when thinking of wood. When you want to be comfortable with your wood, don't go looking at professional league wood. You'll be disappointing yourself if you compare yourself to it.
1	Tbh this all made sense and was agreeable up until the last bit. A few things   "Young troll boy" can be fairly vague, and similarly we don't know how trolls age. It may stand to reason that Trundle was maybe in the troll equivalent of his teens when this all happened, and that many many years have passed since the story told in his lore.   But there's little reason for Braum to be a watcher and it just devalues him from a characterisation perspective to give him such an uplifting personality when it's all a facade because we only get to see and play with the facade.
1	You're starting to get it!   Get what? you cut out a huge portion of the sentence and the following sentence which made the clear point that different champions are stronger/weaker in the meta. In certain other games, the characters/champions are more balanced so every pick serves a specific purpose. League of Legends is not like that. Compare Lux to Ziggs. Ziggs is safer, has more damage over time, has more burst damage, deals more damage to structures, can global clear, can permawaveclear. What does Lux do significantly better than Ziggs? Almost nothing. Which is why Ziggs is played over her.   >Or they're scared to try things that haven't proved to work. Either way, its NOT similar to soloq, at all.   A pro team, in its combined players, probably has over 10,000 games played. Do you think they haven't tried almost everything at least once? Do you think that their coaching staff and analysts have no idea what they're doing? In a competitive meta with competent junglers, higher degree of vision control, and greater team coordination certain picks will be stronger there than in soloque. However, it's still the same game. If Kassadin is super strong in competitive games it's likely that he's strong in soloq games as well. At Gold and below, hell even plat, any pick is viable. But once you get high enough up the ladder, one is only handicapping themselves by playing champions that are significantly weaker than meta champions. If one is extremely good on a champion or it's a hidden OP then yeah it's a great idea to play it. But most players, who don't have a main champion, will perform best using the meta champions.   >No, it couldn't   As I mentioned, and you cut out of your quotation, winrate does not always equal champion popularity. For example, pre-rework Xerath. However, if a champion is majorly terrible, like post-rework Skarner, it will lose popularity because players don't usually like playing champions that don't win games when played well. It's not a perfect correlation between popularity and winrate but the champions with much higher winrates get played more than champions with very low winrates.   >Yes, they are. You WILL NEVER play against someone of exactly equal skill, ever. The pros are so close to each other in terms of mechanical skill and game sense, so they might have a problem playing Ashe or Quinn. You will never have that problem. If you have more games on Ashe/Quinn than Draven/Jinx, THEN THEY'RE THE BETTER/STRONGER PICKS, every single time.   Once again, a logical fallacy. Sure, if you have played twice as many games on a champion you are more comfortable there and will perform better than a champion you are uncomfortable with. However, one cannot ignore the fact that, if they played a stronger pick just as much, they could've been performing EVEN BETTER than on their comfort champion. Pros do have more equal skill levels than the average soloq game, but if a champion is completely broken then the average player can abuse it just as much as a pro player.   Tell me, why do I have 3x as many games played on Zed, TF, and Nidalee but all of them have 30% less winrate than my Kassadin? Because Kassadin is a patently stronger pick, not because I play it better. I know far more/am more comfortable playing Zed/TF/Nidalee than Kassadin, yet my Kassadin winrate is super high. Clearly there are different tiers of champions, however, I'm not advocating to only play those champions.   If one enjoys playing the champion, then go ahead and play it. In soloq, there's a bonus edge that a player has by playing an uncommon champion. Like how everyone assumes Poppy is terrible then get bursted down going "where the fuck did that come from?" But that champion might not be as powerful as a meta champion. For example, compare Gangplank and Lulu top. Is there anything Gangplank does significantly better than Lulu? Except for providing global ult support, there's nothing. Lulu has more damage, utility, range, safety, and can better utilize teleport. If one wants to win, one should always pick Lulu over Gangplank unless you have never played Lulu before and Gangplank you have 100x as much experience.
1	Okay I'm going to ignore the fact that you just compared the combined utility of 2 spells to the utility of a single spell and the fact that you blatantly ignored the other spell hits up to the entire team and just break down thresh's kit for you and why those spells as well as other factors make him weaker for solo queue than other supports. Before I get into this I want to point out that thresh is both my 2nd most played champ in ranked and the fact that I have a winning record with him so my opinions on him are neither uninformed nor do they stem from me not being able to win games with him.   Death sentence:   For starters hitting someone with death sentence isn't nearly as impactful as hitting them as many people think, at least not when compared to other spells supports have such and Dark binding, rocket grab, or Annie stun. Another problem with this spell is that to follow it up with flay you have to recast it which will often put yourself at risk. While often putting yourself at risk like this can pay off big you always run the risk of people not following up on it as quickly as they need to or even at all due to lack of communication and/or coordination which is symptomatic of solo queue. Expounding upon that point even if you don't recast your Q it causes your ADC to have to do a lot more decision making than many other spells that have more obvious goals. Did thresh just land hook to make  _  lose cs? Does he want me to all in? Should I just use this opportunity to get free farm? Should I go for a short trade? Often the answer to these questions is far more ambiguous than with other support spells and it can definitely make a far smaller impact on the lane/game when the wrong choice is made than say Dark binding which will always do more damage and can junk the opponent even if your adc does nothing. Another spell I think draws the most obvious comparison is rocket grab, which both does more damage, puts you at less risk and the enemy at more, and is less ambiguous as to it's goal, it's a hard initiation and will pretty much always be recognized as such unlike thresh q which is more multipurposed.   Dark Passage:   This spell is the single biggest thing that makes him amazing competitively but somewhat lack luster for solo queue. Apart from it's small shield which now can only be given to a single ally it's entire utility is based on the decision making of your ally which is never going to be consistent and when discussing a champs strength in solo queue, consistency is key. When used properly by your allies dark passage is IMO the single most OP thing in thresh's kit, far more than his Q dark passage is what makes thresh an amazing champ. It's a free long range gap closer and escape on a fairly low cool down that any of your allies can use and it's what makes him god tier in competitive play. However often your allies will take lanterns meant for someone else or just ignore them entirely or simply take them too early if you're planning on using it in conjunction with death sentence.   Flay:  Honestly this spell actually doesn't have much down side for solo queue it's decent cc and adds damage to your autos which is never a bad thing. It works best for disengage so pretty much the only small con I can say about it is that for purely disengage purposes it's mild compared to something like nami bubble, black shield, or even blitz knock up. That being said this is thresh's least ally reliant spell.   The Box:  Really good for peeling or engaging only problem with this one is you generally have to put yourself in danger to get a really good one on the enemy team and you run the risk of your team mates not seizing that opportunity.   On top of this thresh's base stats are pretty low, he's not naturally tanky and does very minimal damage even by support standards so unless you're collecting an absolutely insane amount of souls he's really item dependent to become tanky.   If you're wondering why the only champs I compared him to are blitz nami and morg it's both for brevity purposes as this is already fairly lengthy and because those are the other 3 supports I have the most experience with.
0	I once went into a Dunkin Donuts to use their restroom. I go to open the mens room door, it opens to a middle-aged man sitting on the toilet with this blank stare on his face. We caught eyes and I immediately shut the door.   The entire time I was thinking "If you're taking a shit, why would you not lock the door. It usually takes some time. If He was taking a piss it wouldnt have been a big deal. But he was taking a fucking shit."
1	I posted this elsewhere, since this has been brought up multiple times, but:   I do think that someone being able to feed you neutral timers is an advantage. However, I feel that realistically - it's relatively insignificant. Yes, your friend could sit there and watch your games and give you timers, but honestly in most decent Elo ranked games, you already know what those timers are. Maybe not to the second, but you'll have a basic idea. That's not the kind of advantage that will win the game for you.   The amount of effort it would take in exchange for what you would gain would make it a little silly to do this consistently. People might do it once in a while (especially now since it was just released) and it's distasteful, but it's a fairly minor exploit in exchange for a very powerful feature.
1	Thing is it still would hurt skillful players. You're not going to land every spear, thats just life; it doesn't mean you're not skilled. Spears are an ability that was made to be spammed, so you can keep throwing and applying pressure even if you miss; unlike thresh hook which should be a kill every time it lands, which is why they gave it such a big risk-reward style mechanic.   The thing with AP nid is that spear spam is ALL SHE IS GOOD FOR. You nerf that and she'll never get played again. Even so, this isn't enough of a reason to nerf her. There is still counterplay; in a siege situation, all you need to do is hard engage before she starts poking and you've essentially got a 5v4 going since nid can't do shit in cougar and won't be landing any effective spears. There's a reason her kit was DESIGNED to be this way, strong in long range sieges, terrible in short range fights. Balanced.
1	I don't remember a single time when Doublelift's words convinced all of solo-queue or competitive play. Sure there are some examples of teams running bruiser bot, but it wasn't  every  team and it didn't effect solo queue in nearly the way Targon's has.   >Your jungle is wide open, jungle can constantly feed mid and bot red and blue to boost their lanes incredibly.   This is at the cost of a few key things; top lane cs/xp, top lane tower, and an adc can't simply abandon bot lane for 30 seconds to go collect red at least in the early stages.   >Backdooring was nerfed hard in the patch   I have no idea how this pertains to targon or duo top.   >While it's gold efficient so is the new jungle. I've played against a few of these players and I make the same gold farming the jungle.   Jungle  becomes  efficient, but for the stage in which targon is most powerful, the jungle offers less gold and more difficult camps.   >Teleport was nerfed hard in the patch   Yes, but it wasn't nerfed to the point that you can't go bot to help contest dragon.
0	That happens at the age of 6-7 months and a few months forward, my friend calls it "The Ghostage" because they just stare and bark at nothing.
0	This is what actually happens: I decide to cancel class for some reason. I call my department and the registrar. They send someone out to put up a note. It's not my note. That is technically the end of my obligations.   Then, I email you if I can, but if I'm on my iPhone, there's a good chance the student contact interface (Blackboard or portal or whatever) isn't going to work well with a mobile OS, so it might not go through Alternately, I'm in an emergency where all I can manage is a 3 minute phone call and not the however many minutes it takes to send data from the middle of a hospital.   But how many of you actually check your email the moment before you leave for class? Given how few of you check your email to look for homework assignment instructions, not very many. If it takes you 30 minutes to drive to class and 20 minutes before class, I start throwing up (it has happened), you're screwed anyway.
1	As a first year teacher in the US I do agree the standards of education are not what they used to be say ten years ago. One of the biggest impacts of this is from government employees that have no stepped into a classroom in many years ( most cases never being a teacher themselves ) are making the content requirements for students. The US is shifting towards the Common Core Standards ( which is glorified Standardize testing workshops). However, it all depends on how much effort a teacher puts into lessons that can determine how much a student achieve.  However, I don't get to see the entire structure as I work with students with special needs. Someone who is a General Education teacher can fill in blanks that I may have left out.
0	As a society? We're doing it right now by talking about it. As long as we don't pat ourselves on the back and say "good job, racism's over" and forget about it, we'll keep moving toward actually accomplishing that very thing. I mean, things still have to happen. I won't pretend to know what policies would be best, but we've done nothing but improve so far in America, so I think someone has it handled. We just need to make sure the people handling it remember we're not quite finished.   On a personal scale? Super hard (I'm being serious here; I always have to point out I'm not a novelty account). You need to pay attention to everything you do, which is tiring and frustrating... not to mention it requires a self-awareness that some people just never get for whatever reason. Even trying to correct the problem can make it worse, since if you analyse every single thing a black person does to see if you're being fair, you can easily get overly critical or patronizingly polite.
1	Sometimes i rage too,but only 1 game and thats because of my mood or my day or something BUT I NEVER FLAME IN CHAT i just think it in my mind and i still say GJ when somebody did good or won his lane.If u wanna get better in rankeds you need to be a good person to your team maybe they had a bad day and they just look for somebody who will rage at them to rage back
0	I've got another perspective for you...   It's no secret that you are supposed to drive far enough behind the next vehicle that no matter what they do, no matter how it happens, you can always stop safely without hitting them or anything else.  In fact, its law.  It's law because that shit is dangerous.  If you break that law, you are very clearly endangering other peoples' lives.  If a guy driving a truck takes it upon himself to brake in front of you to show you why you should be following the rules of the road, he is potentially saving future lives while teaching you an important lesson and not endangering anyone else.   Who knows what kind of grisly accident this asshole would have caused in the future had he not been taught to pay the fuck attention?   "But this guy's not God!  He's at least equally an asshole for causing the accident!"   Did he really cause it?  Had a child run out into the road, or another car pulled out in front of the truck, the same result would have occurred.  The only reason this man hit the truck is because he was breaking the rules.
1	TF W+ TF E+ Lich Bane.   His items were Rabadons Deathcap, Zhonyas Hourglass, Morellonomicon, Lich Bane, and Mejais (Likely 20 Stacks).   This means the gold card had a base damage of 175%xTF's base AD, with 175 Base Damage (He's level 17, assuming E max 3rd), and a 155% AP scaling.   Twisted Fate's base AD will be 102, giving him 102 Physical Damage, and 76 Magic Damage (Due to Lich Bane). TF's AP will be (assuming 21/X/X with all AP damage dealing masteries maxed out) 120+120+80+80+180+15+15+6 or 616, which multiplied by 1.43 is 880 AP. With a 155% AP Scaling, this equates to 1364 Damage.   Twisted Fates Total Damage right now is 1440 Magic Damage and 102 Physical Damage. With Havoc, its is now 1483.2 Magic Damage and 102 Physical Damage.   Yasuo has no MR (assuming he is not running MR runes), leading to him only having his 30 base MR. TF gets 28 effective MR on Yasuo after factoring masteries, and only 5 effective MR on Yasuo after factoring runes. That is basically 5% effective HP against TF's magic damage burst. Yasuo has 1416 HP (keep in mind Yasuo has taken some damage), with a 215 shield on passive.
1	Riot is trying something new and fun and ffs let them try it, if it turns out to be fun, Way to go Riot! Now do more Interactions! if it fails no problem they can remove it. This game is growing and evolving, hopefully players can understand that. Not everything goes right the first time but at least allow them to try.   Personally I'm happy that the Dev's are coming up with such stuff to keep the game innovative. I'm pretty sure the people complaining about the interaction being game breaking are the same people who complain about the Meta being stale and boring items, they are just people who want to complain.(not implying the interaction has anything to do with the meta, just saying people love to complain)
1	It  happens  but its not the normal situation.  If Irelia gets to back for sheen+ before Rumble gets haunting guise/seekers she can come back and win off of the power spike.  I don't honestly remember the last time that I saw a Rumble lose lane to Irelia in a 1v1 when she wasn't abusing one of her usual all in timings, and where Rumble decided to greedlord after pushing her out/killing her.  There's no lane matchups where its  impossible  for Irelia to win, simply because her kit is so good at forcing all ins with her equilibrium strike, but there are some champions like Rumble who are less susceptible to her cheese and can force her out of lane earlier than she would like.   Since games winning as Rumble is all about slowing down enemy power spikes so that he has the freedom to roam/group.  If you pick someone self sufficient enough that Rumble can't push them out of lane without a good amount of jungle pressure, i.e. he can't win an all in once he hits level 6, then Rumble isn't going to fulfill his main win condition, which is to group up and separate enemy teams with his ult.   As far as the laning phase goes, Rumble wins trades by abusing how Riot coded drawing minion aggro.  Since minions don't aggro enemy champions unless they're     A) the only possible target     B) auto attacking an allied champion       Rumble is able to sit in the middle of a wave and spam abilities without having to worry about taking additional damage from creeps.  As a result, Rumble wins most 1 on 1 trades in lane if he is able to bait the enemy champion into auto attacking to trade damage.  In cases like that, Rumble with be dealing damage with his abilities as well as his creep wave, and has a shield to mitigate whatever damage the enemy tries to put back towards him.  Beating Rumble therefore relies on either clearing the minion wave faster than he can (thereby forcing him to draw minion aggro himself) or by mitigating/sustaining through enough of his damage that his trading pattern becomes irrelevant.  Rumble also has significant problems with early farming on tower, doubling the effect of champions who can out push him.  Below are some survivable-strong picks for laning into Rumble  without  having to rely on jungle pressure to win the lane.     Sion is a good choice because he wins trades in much the same way.  If Rumble walks up for a trade, Sion just pops roar of the slayer, shields. and max charges Q.  Since Sion will do mixed damage, as well as %hp if he pops his shield, it is very hard for Rumble to itemize against, whilst Sion simply rushes banshee's/visage.  At level 6 Rumble does have kill potential in this lane, as always, but Sion can simply shield and ult out if necessary, ignoring the slows from electro harpoon and equalizer, thereby denying Rumble the majority of his DoT potential from ult and from Liandry.     Maokai works because Rumble's ability spam actually  sustains  Maokai, due to his sap magic passive.  Once Maokai hits level 6 these trades swing more heavily in Maokai's favor because he drops a % of Rumble's damage outright, and then uses the absorption to hit back harder the longer that Rumble tries to fight him.  Rumble can win this lane with an all in after grabbing haunting guise & sorc boots, however.     Dr. Mundo can work as he has a strong all in timing at level 2-3 to kill Rumble or force him out of lane.  The key here is to start with a ruby & 2 pots, and farm to level 3 irrespective to Rumble's harass.  Poke Rumble with cleavers whenever possible.  The plan is to keep him at mid hp/chugging potions so that you can all in after grabbing E at level 3.  Since it gives Dr. Mundo +40 AD base, and +1 AD/% missing hp (can you say 1 point wonder) any and all harass Rumble did early on acts as a boost to your damage when you force an extended trade.  As Rumble can't out damage you when your E is activated (even if you're auto attacking him in his minion wave), and the duration on his speed boost and slows are too short to compete with the perma slow from cleavers, Rumble will be forced to flash out or Dr. Mundo WILL kill him.  It's a very simple all in to manage, and it isn't as dependent on an item timing like Irelia's or Jax's against him, so it's much harder for the enemy jungler to compensate for and plan a counter engage around.  If the Rumble player is experienced enough, he will start with harpoon or shield and farm at distance waiting for jungle pressure to force you off.  As long as you don't die or flash away from a gank in this case, you will still win lane off of built in sustain.     Gnar is a good choice as he has strong ranged farming, and can all in trade Rumble very easily once he has a point in each ability.  It is very difficult for Rumble to survive 2-3 procs of hyper early on, and Gnar can keep popping into lane brush to drop minion aggro after he lands an auto attack for the passive proc.  Gnar can also fight Rumble directly when he goes mega because the bonus stats help to mitigate the impact of 3-4 minion autos from a full 6-7 creep (if cannon) wave.  A good Rumble will pop Q and W before you stun with wallop, but your skills do significantly more damage for the CD time they incur, and you can simply break off the engage and then fight again once your skills are back up.     Yorick.... Its Yorick.  He can force Rumble out with abilities exclusively, and he sustains heavily off of his harass.     Morgana is a pretty solid counter to Rumble because her trading pattern is very similar to his, however, her kit is explicitly designed to beat up on other mages.  Since Morgana's tormented soil clears full minion waves with just a few points and 80-100ish AP, she can take away his ability to fight within minion waves, thereby opening him up to free auto attack harass.  If Rumble steps out of position, her bind can heavily punish him with the long cc duration and upfront burst.  Finally, lane Morgana builds enough AP that her black shield becomes a very effective trading tool against other AP mages.  Once she has morello's & lucidity boots the CD discrepancy between her shield and Rumble's is greatly reduced, and she can win trades off of the higher AP ratio on her shield (10-30% depending on if he is above 50 heat or not).  She also has built in spell vamp, making it even harder for Rumble to win any kind of trade against her in lane.
0	I wanted to upvote this, but then I looked at your comment history and saw that this was almost all that you post. So then I decided on downvoting you. However, after clicking downvote, I thought to myself "Well, reddit does involve a lot of reposts, and hey, maybe someone hasn't read this yet!". So then I clicked upvote. However, I'm thinking, "Man, you need to be more creative" so I downvoted. But now, I see that you did take the time to type it out, so were back to upvote.
0	College isn't for everyone. Especially if it's a matter of taking out student loans.   College is a means to a career, not a ticket. If you just blindly sign up for college not knowing what you are going to do, you stand a good chance of majoring in something non-lucrative like philosophy, English, psychology (without continuing the education), art, etc. Paths that are interesting and fun, but not very valuable in terms of employment. These people are usually 'trying to figure out what they wanna do'. Meanwhile, they are accumulating crippling student loan debt in the process. Often they become teachers and spend the rest of their life paying the minimum payments on those loans.   Those people should not be in college. A trade would have been just as rewarding and profitable.   But if you go to college and have a plan for a lucrative job that you are pretty sure will be in demand in the future (engineering, computers, etc), then it's worth it. Maybe even if you intend to go all the way with a PhD and are sure you are the type of person who can make it (damn that's a long road though).
0	Rule #1: Just because you are a male, does not mean you need constant "coaching" at cooking. Especially if you are a professional chef. It's also not "cute" when a male is trying to cook, and obviously has the right experience and knowledge...   Rule #2: Do not assume you are better at cooking from other people just because you have been cooking for a long while. There is a huge difference between a cook and a chef.
1	Once upon a time there was a mystical ring called Zhyonas Ring, he was the most powerful piece of magic any mage could ever asked for. But for the great boss (Riot) was it too strong so the split it up into Rabadons Deathcap and Zhyonas Hourglass.
1	What you do is: you play an ELO-hell game. You win or lose, and when the game is over, you start chatting and you will soon enough know which players are smart and wihc players buy triple PD on xin zhao. Just ask the smart/good guys to duo queue. I asked a good kennen on the other team to duo queue with me next. He took caytlin and i took supporrt taric (Risky huh!?). We won with a caitlyn pentakill last fight!
0	Do you even actually know what an AR-15 is...?   While it was originally designed as a military rifle, any civilian-owned version is most likely classified as a sporting or hunting rifle - yes, even in Canada and all of those perfectly sane European countries, it is legal to own an AR-15 if you are a target shooter, a collector, or just want something flashier than a pistol in case some guy breaks in wanting to rape your TV and steal your wife (or if you are a professional demon-hunter. That is, an Australian animal culler).
1	As a jungler I see this too often. Auto lock ww or udyr and power farm while your team feeds me on khazix or vi. Its sad really because those champions CAN carry if played corectly. These people are not scapegoats because its true they watch a trick stream and see how he carried with a bad champion and want to emulate it.   IF A JANGLER IS CAMPING TOP TAKE DRAGON IF A JUNGLER IS POWER FARMING CAMP LANES. It really is that easy.   I dont watch anyone on the 2g network but I can say this: Good on him. Every game has someone like this to pull in noob viewers for entertainment I am happy someone is taking these peoples money and teaching them niche strategies, more kills and wins for me.
0	Except Kim Jong-Un was not the heir apparent.  He was selected by his father for his loyalty to the Kim dynasty's vision.   North Korea was receiving foreign support but has since lost it because of its nuclear program.   The nuclear program was started, not by Kim Jong Un, but by Kim Jong Il who did not die until 5 years after the first successful nuclear test.   Kim Jong Il did not systematically alienate every trading partner, but instead, strengthened trade with a number of world powers, including China.  It is Kim Jong Un's rhetoric which has destabilized that relationship.   I highly doubt that Kim Jong Un, who has been raised to believe that the United States is the devil, who has lived through decades of arguably failed US invasions (which would certainly be presented this way in NK), who has watched the leaders of these nations brutally killed or executed often at the hands of their own people, would usher in the United States as saviors.  A US defeat would not mean a "graceful step down."   Oil has nothing to do with it.  The US is reluctant to start a war with NK because there seems to be nothing to gain, they have just finished fighting two long and extremely expensive wars, and a nuclear war would be extremely risky and most definitely bloody.
1	Just ocelot fanboy with "EU BEST MIDLANERS." No, not really. It's the same mentality in solo queue as saying "omg i won my lane but lost game elo hell gg". The ultimate goal of the game is to win. You can be up 1-2 kills, 20 cs w/e and still lose because well misaya's tf went to other lanes and snowballed that advantage while froggen is taking wraiths from snoopeh.  Sorry European buddy, there's a fine line between streaming solo queue for 10 hours, shopping for scarves, making EG promotional videos, and the asian practice regimine of eat sleep practice (as a team).  I fail to see how the term "best" can be used so much when the team as a whole shows no results.
1	Vayne+Poppy: Popayne   Q: High base damage plus a % AD steroid?   W: Gain armor, AD and %max HP damage?   E: Nothing really changed.   R: invulnerable? Check. Invisible? Check. AD steroid? Check.
1	I think to fix kha'zix they have to make all his evo viable while not all at once. They should hard nerf his normal q but super buff the isolation damage on evo q and scale harder off items. This will make it so he's more like an assassin if you want to build him that way and cant just go into 5 people and kill a adc while being tanky. They should also make his w a more sustain/cc (heal of all explosions and maybe 50% slow) aoe tool if you want to be in the middle of fights. E is great. His r should give less DR (maybe 30%) when evolved but make it so when unevolved he gets like 10% when in stealth so it's not an priority to evo unless you wanna be a full tank and also maybe less MS. So if you want to go assassin glass cannon you go q e w and kill or chase isolated targets. Or if you want to go tank you go w e r. If they go without e they have a huge lose in utility but more a immobile bruiser.
1	I don't understand what is so interesting about getting free gold, like if for example I have a sightstone, boots 2 and a gp10 item running(in s3) while the other support just has gp10, man what a crazy lead, and that was possible with winning lane.   in the current game sure I mabye have a t3 gp10, a sightstone, boots 2 AND some other 4th champion specific item, yes this is more stuff, but guess what, the other support likely has the exact same number of items because all of my gold came thru passive gold and gp10
1	I assumed that the accounts are generated together.   That meant I could just increment the lolking url by 1 to find the accounts without knowing their names.   Not all of the accounts were together but the generic sequence was close enough to the OP's findings that I could do the same url iteration with op.gg to make sure all the accounts existed.
0	Yeah... that's still awful advice. Panicking people in water are REALLY strong, and can drag you under even in situations that are much safer than in the ocean, i.e. in a calm pool. Story time:   I used to be a swimming instructor, and one day I was teaching a class of 8-9 year olds how to swim in the deep part of the pool. They all had lifejackets on, etc. I was taking one of them out, when he decided that he was going to freak out and think he was drowning. This kid who was probably half my weight dunked me under the water faster than I would have believed. I'm not even a weak swimmer: I've swam in national competitions, and the kid was wearing a lifejacket in a calm pool. And you want to tell me it'd be safe to rescue someone from the ocean? NOOOOOOOOPE.
0	Just FYI. Never insure stuff of which you can afford to replace it yourself (unless you're taking larger risks than the insurance company thinks you are).   For example:  Do  take health insurance. You can't afford many of the expensive treatments.  Do  get a liability insurances for your car and your home.  Do not  get an insurance for your laptop, your iPad, or even your car, unless you  need  these products  and  you cannot afford a new one.   Why not? Because the expected value of an insurance is almost always negative. (How else would insurance companies make money? Out of every 600 people paying 20$ every month, they only expect to pay one person 10000$ each month.) The point of insurance is not 'to save money', because it mathematically doesn't. The point is to avoid risks. It's pointless to pay to avoid risks that one can easily overcome.
1	Never realized how much Link is the "student of the game" type. Really keeps his eye out looking for how people play. Gives much better opinions than "he's just amazing" or "he really isn't that good". Link can tell you why that is, or what they do differently.
0	I'm supposed to tell my helpdesk that a corporate cell phone that never belonged to a "Lauren" needs to be changed because I am being harassed by a scummy Debt Collector?   How about I have our legal department contact the agency, and have them remove the number from their records?   Also, the more time you take of my day, the more you are costing the company I work for. My going rate is 500 dollars an hour if you call my work phone, billable 1 hour minimum. Do I send you the bill? If you don't pay, how do I go about getting to collections for retrieval?
1	Can you stop being the internet police, let people do and watch what they want. If people want to watch girls cleavage while they play league badly then guess what they can.
0	One of my friends did this with my skate 3 game. I let him borrow it for a week and when i asked for it back, he said he lost it. I found out it was sold because i went to a friends house and he said he got it from said friend and it had the significant scratch on the picture on the disk. What makes it worse is that a couple months prior-when i got it, he was the person i bought it off of.
1	Just believe in TSM and C9. That's pretty much it. Do the Samsung teams outclass the NA teams? Yup. Does that mean TSM and C9 are garbage teams that could never beat them? No it doesn't.   They have a small chance. It may be small but it's still a chance. We have to cheer for our teams even if they are expected to lose.   If even the western fans don't wanna cheer for western teams, how are they supposed to be confident when facing off against Korean teams?
1	Good point.   I think people should start playing with groups more. Myself and my friends pretty much play in groups of 3 - 5 all the time and we play for fun. Sure we can get pissed off sometimes but then everyone can cheers everyone up rather than cussing them out for being terrible.
0	Me and a friend were driving his truck to get gas across the border the other day (40 cents cheaper) and we we're at an intersection with a two way stop and continuous traffic going across it. Well this guy is turning left onto our road and we're turning left as well and he flashes his highbeams at us   So my friend looks right and left and starts going. Then he sees the person with their lights off. No real danger to either of us, until we hear tires screeching and realize the person behind the car with their lights off had to swerve to the left to avoid rear ending them.
1	You've got an interesting problem... because you don't actually own the copyright in any of the original content in your video. Riot of course owns all the League-related content, and the sounds you added are obviously sourced from somewhere else. Normally the answer would be just put a notice with Youtube who will take down their video (almost automatically). Problem is (1) it's probably not worth it since that "copier" barely has any views or notoriety and (2) he can file counter-notice saying it's his and you would be dragged into a pretty pointless lawsuit.
0	That's because football doesn't stop every 30 seconds. You're system the match starts, run around for 45 minutes, ref blows for halftime, 15 minute block of ads sometimes interrupted by Gary Neville telling you what you watched for the last 45 minutes, then back to match for another 45.   American football stops constantly and most of the game nothing happens so there's a lot of space to jam in ads. Most of the "game coverage" is players standing around not doing anything. That's not hyperbole either. [Here's a link]( to a Wall Street Journal article on what makes up a typical NFL broadcast.
1	Scarra played like shit in a game with TheRainMan and scapegoated TRMs nonstandard build.
1	its because of their shitty system, every MMR system is designed to find your 50% winrate zone, its a perfect system when everyone is at 50% winrate. Basically this means the more you win/higher winrate %, the higher the skill of your opponents in an attempt to find your cap out zone. Basically you keep playing enemies higher and higher until you stick around 50% winrate.   The problem with Riot's system is that players are too infrequently rewarded with multiple division promotions and your winrate already needs to be abnormally high to get into promotion series anyways. What this means is because of your winrate needed to go up one single division you often prove yourself among players several divisions/leagues higher. They should go back to an Elo system with some improvements. Adjusted Elo gains based on Elo of opponents would warrant more Elo gained. Therefore each time you beat someone with "plat 2 mmr" you would be more quickly accelerated to plat 2 area elo, then you would get matched against diamonds and then masters until your winrate falls and you get matched against plats again.   With this system you would quickly rise to your actual skill level and then take about 10-20 games to even out exactly where you should be since winning against someone higher will give you boosted numbers but losing to people above you would give you reduced losses.
1	As a person who criticized Dyrus's play yesterday, I definitely think that he should NOT be replaced. I just thought putting him on a high econ champ with no chance of support, and him playing his usual push hard style without flash was just un-Dyrus. He's still the only top laner, I feel, that'd be able to take a hit early game for the team and still be relevant late game.
1	Hm, when I first started my friends recommended Morgana. I played dota / hon for maybe 10 years but regardless they said landing skill shots would be my downfall. And most agreed that landing Morg's snare is one of the harder ones to land effectively. Not having flash available took away my crutch for landing ult as well. (And a low ip hero to pick up early).
1	I actually rather like the patch as a whole. Yes there were Kass mains who are unhappy with where he is now but the problem was, Kass is an assassin who typically reward high skill with the champion with high, well, rewards. Where he was, Kass was a strong pick in either top or mid, playing either bruiser or burst, against both AD and AP. The changes put him into a place where not just any Joe Schmo can pick him up and wreck your general game.   The jungle changes, while maybe a little heavy handed are well intentioned and most people are basing their arguments that champions who can only clear three camps before needing to back are being pushed out by the price changes. I have one answer for you, Scuttle Crab. Take your first camp, take your buff and move to Scuttle, you take no damage and thanks to Machete passive, you gain life and mana on top of your passive regen. Just give people time to adjust and the jungle diversity will return.   As far as Veigar is concerned, I expect these changes will make more sense when the new +120 AP item is finally released. We are only seeing the beginnings of Riot's plans for the game with the removal of DFG and I expect the next few patches will fix a lot of the problems with Veigar that we currently see.   And now what /u/zanash pointed out, I LOVE the new Zilean, he feels rewarding to play as a support and he is a blast (pun intended) to play mid. I think Riot really hit the nail on the head with Zilean's rework.
0	I believe what she is doing is illegal. She shouldn't know when your leave is and it doesn't make sense that she does unless she is in charge of of payroll.   it's people like you that inspire me to find ways to help them. I'm getting real fucking tired of the shitty labor rights we have in this country.   Tell your coworkers to file grievances against her. Every fucking little thing she does that puts you guys in an "uncomfortable" position should be noted and used against her. If the union ignores it then legal action has to take place. Union is in place to help you, not fuck you and this is obvious proof that can hurt them greatly.   The other thing that you guys can do additionally is by scaring the union. You need at least half of your crew to ask for a de-unionization or a vote to be called to kick the union out. The paperwork related should be on their website and if not, multiple people calling in regards to it will turn some heads.
0	What is achieved by the "slap" (not necessarily a physical slap) is you have laid down what sort of behaviour is not acceptable from one of your bros. If the friend gets "pissy" at that point then chances are he's not much of a bro to begin with and thus bro code no longer applies. But not saying anything to your friend first is like handing over the keys to your drunk buddy and then calling the cops on them as they drive away. Is it the right move? Sure. Does it make you a ratting lil bitch? You betcha it does. Have the courage of your convictions to say something when it happens. By not saying something immediately to your friend you essentially endorse their behaviour.
1	This makes more sense than the current ruling.  The players have to do a barrel roll and jump through 3 hoops atm to explore possible other jobs.  All while expected to still be practicing and keeping up their usual daily activities.   Giving them only a single month at the end of their contracts is plenty of time for other companies to give them offers to consider.   Honestly anyone AGAINST this idea I would assume is an account owned by someone that stands to lose something with this ruling.  Either that or you're a sadist and just like to make other peoples lives harder than they need to be for your own sick twisted entertainment.  I suppose you could also just not be smart enough to comprehend the subject being discussed, and disagree to create a facade of intelligence.
0	Reddit complains about girls not giving it up but also loves this kind of dumb sexist shit? It's sex, we should all be doing it all the time and should take it so seriously. We need to be better educated about doing it safely, then do it as much or little as we want. When did this become a puritanical paternal hierarchy?
0	Happened to me too in East Riverside (Austin, Tx) I (18 year old white girl) was at a gas station and locked my keys in the car. A random band was like filming the whole thing while they tried to help me. Then this burly Mexican guy comes up and asks if there's a problem. I told them what happened and he got a kit from his car, it was a pump that goes between the window and the frame, so when you put air in it you can use a stick to unlock to door. I offered to buy his gas for helping me and he said it was not a problem and that he just wanted to help me. I must've said thank you a hundred times haha. I mean it was kind of strange he had a kit to break into cars but before I even asked he said he used to work for a company that does it for cheap. Anyways, he was awesome and I was super thankful. I was wearing a dress though, which may have been why like at least 8 guys came over to ask what was wrong.
0	Alan watts would say that doing it or not are one in the same and that it doesn't really matter if you are or aren't doing something because they are indistinguishable from each other in the most basic sense of reality. Not doing something doesn't mean you are against it anymore than it means you are for it, just as doing something doesn't mean you are for it anymore than it means you are against it but need to.
0	Higher proof alcohols help upper respiratory symptoms because they are both respiratory depressants and vasodilators, (opening up the tubings in the lungs to breath). The sore throat thing I believe in, but I don't know why.
0	Both sides hate her. I consider myself slightly right wing and she makes us all look like cross burning homophobes.
0	No.  Not even a little.  Being intolerant of intolerance is not intolerant.   In case you were asking genuinely and not just trolling:   The difference is in whether the trait being hated is under the other person's control or not.   If someone hates gay people for being gay, then they're a bigot, because there's nothing a gay person could possibly do to redeem themselves.  A gay person could save their whole family from a burning fire and the bigot would only elevate that person to status of "Alright, for a queer".   On the other hand, hating someone for a decision or belief they have is  not  bigotry, because the person can easily change their opinion at any moment.  If you hate someone for acting like an asshole, all they have to do is not act like an asshole anymore and you would be able to see them as a better person.
1	Ignore the trolls.  You're low ELO, pre-30 so it doesn't matter.  If you're not actually making mistakes, then ignore them.  If you are, then fix them.   This is something I actually like about the LoL community- if I'm being bitched out, I either deserve it or they're trolls.  If they're trolling, I don't care - but if I'm playing bad, I strive to improve.  Look at it as positive peer pressure, don't make the same mistakes over and over again.   Forget your win loss ratio, it doesn't matter outside of ranked.  Until you're in the 10s-20s and starting to understand the game, you won't be a driving force being determining your wins and losses.   Stop playing versus bots - it's a completely different game style.
1	Hey man people react foolishly. This is a game that brings out the worst in people and I used to chew my teammates out all the time. It took me a long time to become the player and friend that I am. There are several things your friend needs to consider:   You may have lost to bronze players but you don't even have a full rune page yet. That rune page is huge early game. Extra ad helps last hitting, harassing, and early resistances can be as high as a 10% difference in damage you take.   Trynd loses to any Darius with a brain. Darius' kit directly counters Trynd and the only weakness is he really can't use Q under a tower as the bleed stacks will keep tower aggro. Basically this means Trynd's only option is to farm under tower. That's not something anyone  wants  to do and probably not something that trynd realized he needed to do.   Context always matters. Your friend forgot context. 7/5 is better than any bronze or silver player would do if they queued up with me, because the match making rating for my accounts is redonculous in normals. His expectations for the outcome of the match were probably unreasonable. Matchmaking has always had a hard time trying to balance mix and matched premades especially when they have lower levels in them. You'd think two level 30s and two low levels would be up against a similar opposing team but that's never how it turns out. Heck, when I queue up with my silver friends I go into the match ASSUMING I am going to lose. And I keep my cool. And we laugh when everything goes horribly wrong and also when everything somehow goes right.   Your friend had an unreasonable bout of toxicity and anger. He might not be able to play League with you yet, and he probably can't play it with those girls. I had a friend who was incredibly nice but they didn't take League seriously at all and they were also not very good - and they were even gold. I stopped playing with them because even though I can handle losing, I still play to win. I don't play with folks who want to troll. I still talk to them. I have friends from other games that play League and I have them on my friends list and we talk all the time too - but I don't play with them very often. I make opponents too much harder for them.
1	While you do have some very good points, your approach seems overly complicated. Having a multitude of enchantments -- with each being upgradable -- appears to be unnecessary when we could just have like three different versions of Hunter's Machete. This becomes especially apparent when you think about the fact that Hunter's Machete is really only relevant before your first back, since then you can buy enough different items fitting your playstyle.   I mean, don't get me wrong here, I hate having to buy Hunter's Machete on Zac and I'm not trying to bash you or anything, but as you pointed out there are "five main different type of junglers. Tank, AP, Bruiser, Assassin and Carry."     Bruisers, Carries, and AD Assassins already work pretty well with the regular Machete.   AP Junglers need a Machete equivalent granting a mix of things like AP, CDR, or mana/5.   Tank Junglers need a Machete equivalent that grants tanky stats and helps their clear.     Which leaves us at three different items, one of which is Hunter's Machete. We would only need to introduce an additional two items to make all Junglers happy.
0	I'll share my story. I'm a guy and at the age of 11-12 I hit puberty  HARD . I did really stupid shit to get my weiner satisfied. My worst example happens when one day I'm watching TV in the living room with my cockerspaniel. I get a hard on and in no time, I'm helicoptering my dick at my dog to get em to lick it. My dog licks it endlessly and I'm enjoying myself. My sister, few years older than I, was home and she walks into the living room. She giggles, I freakout and I yelled "GO AWAY" while zipping up my scrotum, I yelp, and finally get my package into my pants. 10+ years later we've never spoken about it and she might have told other people but I have no clue if she did or not. I guess you could call it experimentation because I didn't even know what a vagina was back then. I would never do that again nor share my story if someone could identify me so obviously throwaway account here. I just want you to wash what you saw out of your mind and get over it because sometimes, puberty makes you do dumb shit.
1	Personally, I think it's something like this:     C9   TSM/CLG   CLG/TSM   LMQ   DIG   COL   CRS   EG     With 2-4 probably being a toss up until week 8ish. It really depends on how agro LMQ plays, and how well the other teams can capitalize on it.   I'm also not really sure what to do with Dig. Their roster looks good on paper, but we'll have to see how it goes.   Also I have COL > CRS because Pr0lly is my favorite pro so that boots them 1 spot (they're also my draft team.....).   Honestly though, a lot of this split is going to come down to "What do the other teams do about LMQ," since they have that super agro chinese playstyle. That could easily make or break a lot of the games, we'll have to say.
0	I had something similar happen to me..   I was dating this girl who was really shallow and just thought she was the hottest thing.  So for our anniversary she goes and spends like $200 and says she has gotten me the best present ever.   What she did was go hire a makeup artist/photographer to take raunchy pictures of herself then put them in a cheap as hell looking calendar..  So I was like whatever, she was trying, even though it was more of a gift for her (she liked looking at herself).  Besides, she told me these pictures were just for me and no one else was allowed to look at the calendar.   Fast forward 30 FREAKING MINUTES!  She posted all the "other" pictures that didn't make the calendar on Facebook.  Needless to say, these were almost exactly the same pictures, just as raunchy and revealing, now all over Facebook.   And I was the bad guy for getting upset...
0	Okay I'll say it. The juggalo hating bandwagon has been going on a long time, I know. But seriously, I've met a lot of juggalos. I'm not one myself, but theyve all been nice people. It's just a stupid thing to hate a group of people for enjoying music. I wouldn't use the "it's not the music, it's the way they act" argument. Because that's equally as stupid, considering I know quite a few and they seem like a harmless group. So just give up on the hate. It's stupid, really.
0	I'm in a mood today, and this guy makes a convenient punching bag. Haven't seen the the question in question so I might go look it up here in a minute.   As far as advice, I don't have much. I know that I did college all wrong. I just did the work and tried to get a good grade. What I should have been doing was going to events where employers mingled with the students and faculties. I should have been more involved with clubs and fraternities that were directly involved in my field. And I should have been looking for ways to do freelance work while I was still in school in order to build a portfolio.   Once you get out of school it becomes exponentially harder to connect with a career that you have no affiliation with. And the longer you're out of school and not working in your field, the less and less credible you look to potential employers. It's a downward spiral and it doesn't seem to have an end.   My best advice would be to get on the lowest rung of whatever company hires people that have your skills. I don't care if you're just the damn janitor, get on at that company. Talk to the people that do the job that you want to do. Find ways to demonstrate your ability to the people in the organization that are actually in charge of hiring for the position that you want. A position will eventually open up if you wait for it. Just make the most of that waiting time by building a relationship with the people that can hire you.
0	You're not wrong.. You're just an asshole.   That's all I can think when I see posts like this. "Hey, we shouldn't celebrate people who quit doing meth. Celebrate people who never touched it!" It's the same kind of logic. Yeah, clearly it's awesome that you did things the right way. And clearly we should respect the shit out of all good parents (and honestly, I think most people do, so.. yeah).   It's better not to get knocked up early but you need to bear in mind that there are a lot of reasons people end up single parents. Even IF it's the scenario you're imagining (something like: accidental pregnancy when the woman is only 18), condoms break and pregnancies happen to the most responsible people. My friend's sister has gotten pregnant TWICE while on birth control pills. Not due to user error - she's just mad fertile.   And even when they did just fuck up at a young age, people are just respecting the fact that they had to work really hard due to that mistake and it's a great thing when they do a good job at rasing that kid. Parenthood is always hard but damn, it's harder when you're on your own. People are just saying "Hey, you did a really good job dealing with a tough situation. I respect that." They're not saying "You put all two parent households to shame! Those guys are lazy becuase there's two of them."
0	In some states, yes. However, those laws were originally intended to protect women who had been promised marriage (I.e. were engaged)  under the coverture doctrines and had already begun the process of combining estates. In the end, the likely outcome would be a shrug from the judge unless you could prove in writing that the initial intent was deception for profit, in which case it would be a slam dunk.   Edit:
1	Hello there fellow summoner! I subscribed to join you on your little crusade!   First of all, i've played Karma for a long time myself, since around mid 2011 i think, i won't lie and say i've been an avid karma player, i haven't, i scarcely use her in fact! However i do love her, and he play style, i too endured the "omg troll" and all such terms used. Heck, once i got a pentakill playing Karma mid, there were no wp's or gj's. Just "Report karma i did all the damage stole my penta". A little unjust i'd think, but i've sucked it up, it's partly the hate to karma that made me love her.   Karma is unique, and a champion i'll play if i really want to win, i've only played her in normals, true, not in ranked, i feared i'd never get to play her properly there. However when i play her thing go down, enemies and allies alike don't know what i do and i use it! Even if she is weak, she's fun.   For a long time i've dreaded this rework, she'll get better? I like her where she is! she's strong" i'd think, everyone would play her, she'd get popular, everyone would play my precious Karma, i hated that thought, i've grown since then of course, i accept the inevitability that my Karma will become played one day, and i should be happy for her.   I'm not going to split hairs and say who should and shouldn't get a skin, i agree it's off, have a free skin for owning her, and we'll tell you in advance so everyone can buy her? It's almost like Riot is a cars saleman, "buy now, an in 3 months guaranteed we'll provide you with a shiny new coat that you'd normally pay for!" It's grand people may start playing her now, and yes.. i'll agree.. it's a shame people have bought themselves in to doing this, to take advantage of what seems like such an oversight. However, hold strong, no matter riot's choice, YOU know you're a true Karma player, YOU retain those memories, YOU have suffered for this. And even it's unjust, you have been with her to this day, and whatever happens, thanks to your suffering, future players whom try to learn Karma, will not suffer the same way, thanks to players like yourself whom have kept her candle alive!
1	No, you claimed that being on camera is the only reason why Regi is considered a bully and an asshole in the eyes of the community.   I'm disputing your false claim with evidence that no other player on any other team has acted out the same way Regi has while streaming every scrim.
1	Ok so deadline is 2 mins away, your nexus is exposed. To comeback is possible, however its going to take longer than 2 minutes. To ff = Alex has now got a chance to get into a game and play the final one.
0	Just that the idea that the constitution strictly limits government power, but then we interpret portions of it to be essentially gaping holes in any sort of meaningful limitation of power.   What good is a constitution, if anything you can construe to be in the "general welfare" of the people, or dealing with "commerce" (yes it was intended as interstate, but we've thrown that out the window to) is ok?
1	Still, playing Vi mid isn't breaking the meta. It is like saying Faker is breaking the meta by playing Riven mid. No, he is just playing a single champion that was not made at first to go to midlane. Nothing unseen, nothing unfamiliar.   The problem on League of Legends people don't use the kit of their champion correctly. On DotA you can play the hero you want on the lane you want. It takes much more time on League of Legends for people to realize that.
1	CLG derived their 3 TP + Promote strategy from Korea, didn't they? It was a different take on the split push and objective control strategy that Korea is so known for, but it also strayed from the Doublelift Protection strat that they're so known for; it was also deemed too much cheese. I think that it gave them ideas but CLG simply isn't the type of team to overtake lanes individually. Their primary focus is teamfighting.   Dignitas, on the other hand.. it may have helped their game knowledge but I don't think they really follow the Korean meta? I'm not a huge Dig follower so sorry if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure that Scarra's only Korean champs are Diana and Kayle. Kiwikid has a tiny champion pool due to being relatively new to top; he is not a bad player but I don't think he's found his niche playstyle yet. Crumbzz is.. idk I feel like Crumbzz is struggling a little. And their bot lane.. Qtpie and Patoy are really good, but apparently Regi thinks that Qtpie throws games a lot.   IMO EU teams adapt a lot better. They don't just play what the Koreans play, they adapt Korean strategies to their own. While NA teams do that, I think they still need more time to adjust.
1	Hi Leo!   My name is also Leo and I'm also from Brazil :O I played a few months from 1-30 and silver in ranked on the NA server and transferred to BR during the second wave of free transfers.   Personally, I know the NA server has a lot of trolls and flamers I just feel the BR ones are more passionate. They use VERY colorful language and would actually be pretty witty if they weren't so angry all the time. BRs tend to lose their cool faster and it is really annoying to deal with, but don't think other servers don't have people like this too.   Best way to deal with it is play with friends (add Barten01 if you ever wanna play on the BR server) and mute anyone who tries to ruin your game.   I am speaking from experience on the NA and BR servers but I'm 100% this applies to EU, Asia, and any other servers out there.
0	As a prospective teacher and current TA, people need to understand more about the Gates foundation's initiative for Common Core.   Yes, the Gates foundations donated tons of money in an effort at reforming school curriculum, but did so without proper knowledge of a school system. I've seen firsthand how Common Core is a joke, but people instantly presume that some billionaire throwing money at a problem will solve anything.   Example: Common Core is made up of some pretty strict guidelines, you teach by the book on the book's schedule. The book tells you what to teach and when to teach it. What the book doesn't take into consideration is the schedule for State Standardized Testing.   This past week my 5th grade students who have not yet been instructed in fractions (per common core) were required to take the State Standardized test, which contains a math section that has around 3 pages of nothing but fractions. Thanks to Common Core, we haven't gotten there yet, because we have to keep hammering home the most basic knowledge that all the students have already grasped rather than continue on to something that will be required on a Standardized Test.
0	I certainly do respect combat veterans, they are braver than I.   But simply joining the military does not automatically grant you universal respect. My husbands cousin joined the army, went through basic training, jumped out of a few airplanes, and suddenly he's "fighting for our country." He's never seen a day of combat in his life, yet somehow he feels that he merits the respect of true veterans. He then had the audacity to say that if Obama is reelected he will move to Australia because he "refuses to fight for a liberal country." Nevermind the irony that Australia has socialized healthcare, a strong social safety net, and is quite liberal; but he really has the nerve to brag about protecting our freedom only to threaten to leave when Americans exercise that freedom in a way he may not agree with?  It's infuriating, and positively un-American. What ever happened to,  I may not agree with what you say, but I'll fight to the death to defend your right to say it.
0	I make a living on art. Honestly I think it is way easier to find a job in art if you mix it with something more technical. Digital artist isnt exactly the easiest gig to land, but its a whole lot more of a 'career path' than lots of other artistic offshoots. I left my job to take care of my daughter full time for a couple years, but I still get easy 40hrs/wk of freelance work making characters for games.
1	Well 2 things, a making sure the biggest event they've ever run in 3/4 different countries runs smoothly, would temporarily take the top seat yes. And to go further on that, now Worlds is over, people seemed to think that a large company can only do 1 task at a time. There are many groups doing many different tasks at the exact same time. Champs and skins will still come out because those people probably don't have the skills to deal with infrastructure. Also, people act as if picking up and moving the base of Everything, without shutting down the service for anywhere from a week to a month is a simple task, if Riot was able to solve this problem in anything under 2 years, it would be incredible! Let's just make Riot the NWO cause that would be the greatest move in the history of infrastructure.
0	So... because its an example, I can't critique it?   I'm saying your 'example scenario' is bad. It actually functions to counter the point you were trying to make: that this 'hypothetical' situation (the likes of which still happen all the time, and which actually occurred in the 60's in the context of life insurance), which is called racist, really isn't because  mathematicians don't lie, and therefore it's fine for this hypothetical company x to charge blacks more. In short, that the concept of systemic racism is flawed. It isn't. I'll use your example.   Math  doesn't lie. Blacks actually do end up in more traffic incidents, being incarcerated more, and dying at a younger age. However, of course, the cause of this is not that they are genetically or w/e predisposed to being bad drivers, criminals or dying at a young age.   >So does "new racism" supersede math?   The  math  doesn't say that it is, though. Racism says this. The conclusion that blacks are worse drivers is a result of racism. A non-racist conclusion is one which looks at the  context  in which blacks have no choice but to live their lives in, and finds causation in this  context , not in the  population  or  individuals .   Following this, the next logical question of racism is "should poor company X, then, have to take the hit to their profits, as they don't actively create this context?" Of course, and for at least two reasons.   First, by profiting from this context, a company is incentivizing the maintenance that context. A real world example of this is South Africa, wherein business investment in this country allowed for apartheid to continue; it was only after boycott and divestment occurred that the systemic racism of apartheid was weakened enough for it to be dismantled to the extent that it has been. Would it be racist for a company to continue investment in South Africa in the face apartheid? Certainly.   Second, it assumes that the well being of Company X, Y or Z is of more significance than the well-being of minority popullation X, Y or Z. To illuminate this point further, I ask the counter-question: "Should we really care about the survival of a company who must exploit systemic racism in order to profitably exist?" No.
0	I work overtime because I have to, not because I want to. We get assigned too much work. No overtime would mean not hitting deadlines.  Not hitting deadlines would mean losing my job. Lucky for me, I love my job and the overtime doesn't bother me much.
1	As it's been said, Rengar is a really tricky pick when it comes to snowballing. As a Rengar player Myself, I would say that you need to rush CDR in order to have your ultimate available as much as possible, Rengar's ultimate is an essential part of his kit and, when it comes to me atleast, everytime I have my ultimate up it's basically a free kill depending on which lane I feel like ganking.   Manage your ferocity, if you're planning on ganking a lane and don't have 2-3 stacks, don't, as you won't be able to get an empowered E or Q onto the enemy and you'll be lacking damage and any sort of CC. Same goes for dueling, when it comes to this having that extra ferocity stack can really make a difference, we're talking about a boosted Q that can potentially deal 200 damage in the early game, that's a shit-ton.   Always use the bushes, it's a free 700 range gapcloser and if you Q mid-air it's garen-teed damage on the enemy, remember to always use the bushes when you've got the chance to do so, it's a game-changing mechanic that you have to master in order to play rengar efficiently (Same goes for stack mananging). Did I forgot to mention that if you press E mid-air the animation for the bola becomes a lot faster? It's almost impossible to miss if you hit your E     mid-air.   Know your streghts, Rengar can do ridiculous amounts of damage really fast and that's something alot of people seem to not understand. It gets ridiculously hard to 1 v 1 rengar on a squishy character because his damage output is so high. Talking about that, don't build tanky, just don't. If you're decently skilled you should be able to get a full combo late-game on a squishy carry, wich is basically a dead carry and a 4 vs 5 for your team. I personally dislike building any kind of tank item on Rengar as I feel his potential gets wasted, then again, it's your choice.   Remember he has a stacking item, if you've not reached 6 stacks by the 20 minutes mark you're just doing something wrong. Rengar's powerspikes comes when leveling, as his empowered abilities scale with level, and when getting certain numbers of stacks (Once you reach stacks number 6 - 12 - 20 to be more specific)   If you find yourself getting zoned by pink wards and such, play a more K6-like game-style. In which you'll be entering near the end of the fight, when everyone's distracted, to delete their carries and win the fight yourself.
0	This probably doesn't apply to quite a few (due to age), but here goes my little piece.  If a girl is at a bar, she's there (most likely) for the same reasons that you are...to meet people and be social.  I had a taste of this case this weekend with my buddy at a bar complaining he couldn't meet women.   My response was a "listen, there are about 100 or so people at this bar.  If half are girls and half are single, then that makes about 25 girls that you could potentially meet.  Now you're going to sit here and tell me that you don't have a chance that one of those 25 is going to be interested in you?"   Ultimately, girls want to give you their number, you just have to ask.  And in the infamous words of a friend, "dude, chicks want to bone just as much as us!"
1	This is what I miss from HoN and Dota, that you could run a supporting hero in almost whatever lane and role and still go carry mode. I miss my Soul Reaper :(   And I want there to be more supportive items that help the team that actually will be worth getting. The locket of Iron Solari are just to weak in my opinion and I've hardly seen anyone buy it. 230 more hp at lvl 18 aint much. I will use the Dota couterpart were the Mekansm is very viable and rushed in most of the games, ofc is the worth of this item so much higher in Dota because of the hp pools generally being lower then in LoL.
1	I don't think MMR should be hidden at all. I think the system they have is fine regarding MMR but it should be seen. Dropping divisions should exist, but I think it should be realistic. Losing three games upon reaching a new division should not drop you back to the previous.   To me this should mean a sample size.   I often go on streaks of winning and losing, usually those win streaks are much longer than losing. For example, I win five in a row then lose three. 5-3 isn't bad but 5-0 is great and 0-3 is rough.
1	This was actually mentioned by HotshotGG and Doublelift a while back. Best way to freeze the lane, when it is pushing to your side, is to tank the minion wave until yours gets there. When this happens, let your minions take aggro and start killing off the melee minions with autos. As you kill off the melee minions the enemy creep wave's reinforcing wave should arrive, this should put your side at a disadvantage. Continue to last hit as normal. Once your ally wave is dead, continue to tank the enemy wave till your reinforcing wave arrives, do not attack anything till your wave gets there. Feel free to kill off the melee minions if there's still some left over, we only care about leaving the ranged minions up.   Basically what happens here is the enemy wave will eventually have more ranged minions than yours will. Ranged minions do more damage than the melee minions, they are essentially the pushing power of the lane. People always think you should leave the melee and kill the ranged minions, but this is false as you the want enemy wave to clear your minions first (it's also 10x easier to control a wave of ranged minions). You are using your champ to do the actual freezing of the lane by tanking the damage till your reinforcing wave arrives. You'll eventually want to start shaving off a few ranged minions here and there as they can do lots of damage, especially early. I find that leaving 4-6 ranged minions is manageable and can easily keep the lane frozen.   As for the cannon minion, this one is a little tricky. You only want to leave this guy up for as long as you have melee minions, or your own cannon minion, to tank it. Take it out once your melee minion line falls, but make sure yours is dead as well.
1	But, what is riot going to fix?   He, at the moment, is an assasin, feels like an assasin, should be played as one.   Before "nerfs", khazix should've been an assasin, but he was like tanky initiator assasin because of 50% damage reduction and was played like one. People didn't search for isolated targets, but still deal a lot of damage   After these "nerfs", khazix can no initiate and tank everybody like he was doing before (which is actually good!), and deals TONS of damage if the target is isolated but deals decent damage if isn't, making him an high risk and high reward assasin, who has a healthy counterplay.
1	Hey guys, let me tell you my first experience with MizzPeach, the "passionate" person with "interesting PR skills." Up until 3 days ago, I had no idea who MizzPeach was. I only found out who she was because I had the fortune of playing with her as my support and I ended up googling her. [MatchHistory!]( During the game, she blatantly trolled. MizzPeach insisted that Thresh with a statik shiv was a legitimate build and was only in lane up until about 10:00. She had no problem ruining the game for 4 other people and she kept saying "I'm MizzPeach", as if that would excuse her behavior.   I'm hoping that game was a part of her "interesting PR skills" because she truly made me remember who she is.
0	This reminds me of a time when, many years ago, I regularly parked my car across the street in front of the place I was renting.  I had to do so because of reasons. Anyway, one day the guy across the street uses some hot asphalt to make a shitty (and illegal) ramp so he can get his car up onto his front lawn.   He already had one driveway.   He proceeds to inform me that I can't park on the street anymore because "it's his driveway now, and it's illegal to block a driveway."   So, before I was born, my dad used to work for the city planning department. He knows his shit about zoning and permitting and all that red-tape. So I ask my dad, "what does the code of our fair city have to say about arbitrary driveway declarations?"   My dad informs me that one needs to obtain the city's blessing, which is expressed in a form known as the "curb-cut permit," if one wishes to do such a thing.  So I ask the asphalt-pourer if he's gotten a curb-cut permit.   "No," he says, "I need to park my car on my lawn so it's my driveway now."  [His attitude when.](   Well, it was a huge pain in the ass for me to park my car anywhere else because of reasons. It was entirely legal for me to park on the street as I did, since I moved the car at least once every 24 hours.   So, one night I got drunk, and (at about 2AM on a sunday IIRC) took a sledgehammer to that bastard's sorry excuse for a driveway: just whalloped the living shit out of that pathetic asphalt ramp. In the space of five minutes I had scattered it all to hell and back.   Fuck that guy. If he'd gotten the permit, I would have said, "fine, I'll park up the street." Due to the high density of rental homes on that street, each spilling over with slackers and their tatty vehicles, it would have been about 200 yards up the street, though.
1	The Idea is good but there are other reasons for supports buying tons of wards. Actually Wards are a very good way of carrying your game. The denying of vision and spreading vision on the map gives your team the constant ability of making plays while being surprisingly cheap. 150g for 2 wards will allow your team to survive a teamfight while 125g can make you win it.   If you compare, 1850Gold is the price for a Solari. A good shield for catching the basevalue of one skill ( less or more ) + basevalues on armor, 10% cdr etc. Armor, CDR, Life and a good supportive value. With your gold items, Wards, (Sightstone), this is a usual Way to go. If not, Aegis? Most likely your Jungler gets it. Otherwise you need to get it to get your Team a advantage. 20-25 Wards I would guess are T2 Boots, thats 36 Minutes of Vision if you place 2 on a place without Sightstone. Would you really trade 20-25 Wards for the ability to reveal 5 seconds every minute while getting something like 10-15 ms? or flash cdr? The problem would be most likely that CV is still too weak. Vision has to be cheap, otherwise the support would really be the only one getting it most likely.
1	Nobody was rumoring that he was joining Curse, just that he  should  join Curse. Curse has four great players and an average top lane. The lack of bruisery, tanky, disrupty front line strength late game meant Chaox could run wild, while Shen & Maokai FH+Randuins'd Cop into the ground.   Switch out Westrice's Darius/Vlad/Akali for Wings' Irelia/Lee/Riven/Kennen/Jax/Olaf/Rumble/Malphite/Renekton/Shen. Suddenly Curse is twice as scary.   Plus, Wings didn't say he 'won't join Curse' (though I doubt he will), just that "I am not looking to join Curse to replace any member of their team. I don't know anything". It's not like he said, "I don't want to be on a team with Saint" (although Wings doesn't exactly like the guy) or "I will never be on Curse".
1	Do you guys plan on expanding the universe of the shadow isles with other maps to play?   For instance, considering whats been said by the lore and the speculations that have been made in the forums... Do you guys plan on making an instance theme'd run?   Something along the lines of two teams attempting to reach a goal within the center, (i.e. one team is attempting to revive the king and the other team is attempting to prevent it by sealing). Where in which both teams will have to go through a series of mini bosses or other types of obstacles that would obstruct them from their goals?   I'm really interested in the lore of the shadow isles and I feel like the new TT cannot flesh out the story beyond what the map offers.  LoL is in this position where instances can be made due to the progressive leveling system of the champions. This gives it the ability to create a variety of different modes to play within without having to implement different mechanics.
1	Ok, so I've been thrown some rocks at for pointing out how wrong it is without much details. Here are some details:     The Archmage Mastery is not taken in account. It is MULTIPLICATIVE with Rabadon, which makes the increase of AP goes from 5% (masteries only) to 36.5% (Deathcap+Masteries)   His void staff + masteries penetration maths are wrong.   This guy must use tier 1 runes, because Runes are totally undervalued. Again, there's much more flat pen coming from Magic Penetration Mark than this, and basically every player use these. (150% more efficient than what is shown here...)   He insist on the comparison for a Second buy. Yet, all his skills are level 5 ?     Therefore, THE BASIC MATHS ARE WRONG.   And more. Not only the maths are wrong by a decent margin (which could make the "required MR" for Void to be valuable higher by about 10), but it doesn't take in consideration a whole lot of things. Such as:     Efficiency on wave clear. Which is extremely important for a Mage, and even more true with Season 5; minions have no MR, only health.   Other spells than that "level 5" spell. Even with low AP Ratios, a level 1 spell will probably dish out more of AP than base damage at this point. Spell like, say, your level 1 ultimate?   The growing AP for your third buy. While you are building through your 3rd or 4th item, your AP increases, making the Deathcap even more valuable while your next items aren't complete.    The MR of your opponent at that point, on average. You ain't level 18 yet. Nobody has 150MR.   The example used of 1000+2.5AP is only speculation on a combo damage.   For example, Syndra at level 9 would deal 870+3.3% AP (with 5 sphere, which is realistic for a level 9 syndra to pull out), Which HIGHLY favor Deathcap against that 1000+2.5AP example (less base damage, more AP Ratio).      And the conclusion couldn't be more wrong !   It is ESPECIALLY true for multiple Damage Spell champions. Why? Because every "not maxed yet" ability will deal much more damage with an higher AP than an higher penetration. That level 1 Force of Will deal 80+70%AP. Would you take deathcap or voidstaff on that? There's not even a sliver of doubt.   Therefore, on the opposite, it gets even BETTER for damage only mages who relies on their full combo.
0	Not everyone in the US has to pay a lot for a really good school.  This is not true in every state, but typically public home state colleges are affordable.   Did you mean $6,500 per semester/year/full education?  My state school is $9,800/year.  That may sound like a lot, but we also have an education fund that gives every in-state student a full-tuition scholarship as long as they maintain a 3.0 GPA.  I believe the grade requirement has changed since I went there about 8 years ago, but in-state tuition wasn't as must either.   I paid zero dollars for tuition at a top 25 public school, and two of my three roommates did the same (the other got the pell grant; federal grant money for families that can't afford education loans).
1	I posted this in the other thread and I thought this should be here too   Hey everyone Wolf here the emcee for the TLC winter finals. First off I'd like to apologize to anyone and everyone who has been affected and offended by the video.   Also I would like to add that this entire thing has been taken out of context in a majorly wrong way. The events prior to this happening was a mess of technical difficulties and then some audience members shouting that the equipment and the internet was shit   Hence I decided to take a stab at the audience using their own words with my co host backing me up by berating me and defending the audience.   On hindsight it definitely did not work out as I intended and I have made up for my actions by addressing the crowd later on.   I do hope that the reddit community will forgive me for my actions. I make no excuse in using such a derogatory term to address the audience. I sincerely apologize to all the viewers and anyone at the event who may have been insulted or hurt by what I've said.   I strive to be an engaging host and commentator who loves video games as well as interacting with the audience.   Thank you for reading this wall of text, Wolf
0	Yeah, I feel like if more people had been like the Founding Fathers since the founding of the US, there would have been crazy ass revolution, bloodshed, and regime change every few decades. Think about it; the Founding Fathers were BRITISH COLONISTS, who got upset over Britain establishing too much control....over one of their COLONIES. These people were British, living on land that, to everyone but the Native Americans, was essentially Britain. Getting upset over the Quartering Act would be like a Hawaiian getting upset over giving quarter to a Marine, if we still did that sort of thing.
0	But what about the complaints about the reposts complaints about the re-repost that complain about the meme in the initial repost that was re-posted circlejerk?
0	I have tipped $0.00 once in my life.  It occurred about 2 months ago.  I went to a nicer breakfast restaurant.  It was small and upscale, about 25 tables, 15 inside, 10 outside.  There were approximately 5 waitresses taking care of the tables.  It started off rough, we were sat at a dirty table where the waitress literally took the old glasses off as she seated us (apologizing for the mess).  She then took our order and forgot to bring us drinks until reminded (she was texting on her phone at the server station, I had to go get her to let her know she forgot).  She then brought our coffee with no creamer or sugar and promptly disappeared.  We informed another server and she responded with "Oh, you're not my table, let me find your waitress."  We drank our coffee black.  A food runner brought us our food.  We quickly discovered we had no silver wear.  We informed another server of the problem, she said, "It'll be a few minutes".  To which I promptly stood up, walked to the server station and rolled my own silver wear and brought it back to the table.  At the table next to us, were two elderly women, one of whom spilled her drink all over herself and the table.  The other 4 waitress' just kept walking around the place, not one came by to help cleanup, offer a napkin, or a mop.  I went to the server station after about a minute of watching this woman and her friend trying to clean up, grabbed napkins and began to wipe the table down and attempt to absorb the water.  This all took about 5 minutes during which not a single waitress even made eye contact with me, including our server who had reemerged to give us our check.  I wrote a big "$0.00 - worst service I have ever seen" and walked out.  As I went by the window I saw all the servers huddle around my waitress look up and glare at me as I walked by.  20 some Yelp/Urban Spoon reviews and this reddit comment later I'm feeling a little better. /rant
1	They might not NEED a leash/help, but what you're basically saying is "You can kill it on your own, and I don't want to spend 3 seconds of my time helping you to let you have more life when you're done with a clear to gank."   People that don't help because "You don't need it" are the same people that get pissed when I cant gank when I have 200 life left after golems because their "leash" consisted of 1 AA.
1	He is not as much dead weight as much as 4 man camped every game. In all of TSM losses teams normally camp the hell outta Dyrus and feed off of him to get the ball rolling. A lot of pros even foreign give Dyrus a lot of credit and Dyrus is normally even or very close in CS with 3+ deaths over the other top laner.   I'd Say the dead weight is putting every game on Bjergsen's shoulders. In a lot of the TSM videos he has whined in their loses where the team doesn't have mid priority. Yet Santorin is almost always camping his lane and he uses it as a scapegoat. Honestly they should focus top and mid IMO for the early game, and have mid help bot when Bjergsen gets ahead. Instead of focusing 85% of the resources mid and the rest bot.
1	Want to know how much damage you'll do? Do the math.  League of Math   But seriously, just do the math. Practicing like that will only do about as much as playing against bots will, as every game is going to be different regardless of your build order. Different players on different champions all having different levels of success that game at any given point with different item builds/runes/masteries throws WAY too many constantly changing variables to make practicing like this kind of a mute point.   Just get into the habit of keeping track of what items/stats each target in question has, as it's the only way you're going to KNOW what you can and can't do.
0	For what it's worth, those of us who might die soon have pretty awesome conversations:  we tend to not let little things bother us, we tend to talk about things that matter (we don't have time to waste on things that don't), and we tend to listen well, because we are very aware that relationships are among the few really important things in life.   A harsh truth of life is that if you care about others, you  will  go through the pain of losing someone you care about/are attached to.   The joy in life is that you got a chance to know and care about them.   This was put very succinctly by a nurse of mine when I asked her how she can keep coming in to work and caring for people when so many of them die.  She said:   "I do everything I can to care for all of you during the time that I know you, and I am blessed by the chance to be a part of your lives."   (chemo nurses kick ass)
1	morde is a tanky AP champion;   jarvan is a bruiser;   talon is one of the strong(er/est) assasin's atm;   Talon would be the closest to yi/gp in terms of carry potential near play style to yi.. get it kill things get out Graves can be a really scary champion; He counters most AD in lane and has tons of upfront damage. Those two are more like master yi/gp in terms of play style unless you go atmogs metagolem with gp. J4 and morde are in a different "category" of champions namely tanky ap/dps or bruisers. Which try and get a balance of defensive and offense items namely the item combination atmogs (Atma's impaler and warmogs armor) rather then go straight glass cannon itemization wise. Morde is a champion that has a lot of upfront damage and can be extremely tanky/durable without the need of shiny hp items because of his shield generation mechanics.   hopefully this helps a little bit. GL with the picks.
0	See I would think it is the other way around. If someone has there head up there own ass and doesn't nt know or understand their actions, or just don't care ok that's understandable. What i think is more morally reprehensible, is knowing what the right thing is and how it negatively effects people, then choose to so the wrong thing. Just because you are introspective enough to know you are hurting people does not stop the fact that you are hurting someone. Doing the wrong thing voluntarily, is worse. I hate hearing how people can somehow justify their bad actions, to themselves. You aren't fooling anyone else just yourself.
1	1) Team comp is everything. The reason why we have the typical bruiser top, ap mid, adc supp bot, bruiser/tank jungle is because that's what works. You need a combination of CC, damage and tankiness to win the game. You didn't mention who was on your team. Most likely your team had no synergy at all. 2) You can't call Vayne imbalanced when it takes more skill to outplay with her than many other (if not all other) carries. 3) You say you didn't throw, yet you lost the game. Clearly you threw, then. Whether it was your overconfidence which led to making arrogant plays, not taking objectives, allowing the enemy to farm up, whatever. You threw. If you have a lead on someone, you keep that lead on them throughout the game, no matter what. Playing top? Beat them to a pulp, ward, and beat them down more, because you KNOW their jungler will come to help them get back on track.
1	They wouldn't need to hire a sports psychologist full-time.   Psychological issues usually aren't just solved over night like that.  I'm sure some people have those "Eureka!" moments and just change but it's a long term process and for any real results it would be a lot of money relative to the amount of money in esports.  Also it's not guaranteed results, either: the treatment can be ineffective, and there is a chance his emotional problems can be solved without psychiatric attention (better team bonding, etc.).
0	How about this, you put a christian backwoods redneck on tv, and ask him what he thinks about gay people. What the hell did you think he was going to say? I find it incredible that people couldn't see this coming. This is the same as the ChickFillet thing when they came out against gay marriage. They are a company run by Christians. Uh duhhh. Now am I saying I agree with what was said, no. However there comes a point when people need to learn to expect certain things.
1	My not too respectable opinion on the matter is, Sivir can't force successful ganks. Graves provides a substantial amount of burst damage, that can just explode a soft target, considering supports and carries are squishy by default, he can give himself kills he wouldn't otherwise deserve. Vayne is similary, she has early game burstyness and cc, combined with high but short range mobility, that can give her kills she otherwise wouldn't have earned. Tristana and Caitlyn would have had to play smarter to earn those kills.   Sivir also would have had to play smarter, Sivir has to chase normally, sure her passive can help that, and so can her ult, but she has no cc, or particularly immense burst and her range isn't particularly massive excluding her q(which in lane is far too expensive to use).  Sivir is a great champ, her utility is outstanding, and if the person playing her is smart she can probably avoid ever being pushed out of lane, but she isn't.... scary.   Vayne and Graves are scary. They can end you with mediocre timing of their abilities, they can burst you out of lane with trivial levels of effort if you make a few mistakes, which some might say "you shouldn't have made the mistake then." That's not LoL's design mentality though, LoL isn't like HoN or DoTA. Both of those games demand 99% optimal use of your skills to win your lane, LoL sits at a much more comfortable 85%. Which I think is actually better. American Football receives a vast amount of attention, where the players are probably roasting at 79 - 89% optimal playing level on average. (Of course there base skill level   Vayne and Graves are punishing to play against if you mess up, and then after they get done kicking you, they snowball in lane and then can do it again to you over and over more trivially then the last time. Just like how the old Akali was. One kill and you might as well give up your lane. That's not.... good for the game. Sivir doesn't have nearly the same effect on the lane, even if she is a beast ranged AD.   EDIT:
0	Completely irrelevant to this thread, but here:   I am a mechanical engineer, and I agree: jet fuel cannot melt steel beams. It CAN (and did), however, weaken the steel to the point that it couldn't bear the weight of the building. Think of putty in your hands. The more you knead it, the warmer it gets,  the more pliable it becomes. Same with steel. A blacksmith doesn't melt steel, they heat it up to soften it.
0	I remember in 8th grade I was I'm my Woodshop history class (well it was an American history class taught by a woodshop instructor.) There was this girl named well her last name was peck. Anyway, I she say next to me in that class and we never really had a meaningful conversation. So one day I was highlighting in my book and I suck at highlighting, So peck takes notice to this and just yanks my highlight and book away from me kinda doing her best to rub as much as she could on me. She talks me "I can't stand the way you highlight, ill just do it for you. " This surprised me.   Weeks later I'm sitting talking to a friend in the class and peck and her friend (an ugly duckling turned into a butter faced swan in high school.) Snuck up on us and kissed us on the cheek. Peck kissed my cheek and her friend kissed my friend on the cheek. Me being a retard took a moment to be funny yelling, "she pecked me! She pecked me!" Then grabbing sand paper then start sanding my cheek off. When I realized I was scratching the skin off I realized I took this joke too far. Years pass and after high school my friends tell me peck had a thing for me. She turned out to become really sexy, but also a ho from what I heard. So, I just felt like sharing the story.
1	People can be dicks, just live with it' is basically the paraphrasing of a teacher who doesn't want to do anything about bullying. Toxicity in the form of people a) throwing the game deliberately in response to some (perceived) slight or b) abusing other people is bad sportsmanship, bad for the community and bad for outsiders' perceptions of LoL.   You may not find it that bad, but being called a 'f*g' or a 'n*gger' or a  'c*nt' becomes rather grating after the fiftieth or sixtieth time — I play this game for fun, and I don't want to have to put up with that. Even worse, in a team game it's not conducive to team play — are you really inclined to help or  trust  a player that's been abusive all game?
1	I've done this many times but I will reach X elo (usually around 1800) where I am pretty contempt with my play of a role, for example mid/support while focusinng on a few characters (Soraka/Anivia #1) and then go and try ranked games with people I am not so good at (oh cassiopia) and then work on other roles, sure I have dropped 100 elo many times doing this, but overall it forces me to improve my knowledge of every role and every match up which as a player makes me feel good and improve for the long run, which is hopefully to one day try and play competitively.   So yeah
1	Mundo thinks that snipe make you big sissy, Mundo get up close and hit people with cleaver sometimes even walking past walls to get where I please
0	My parents were diligent in this as well. We used to have warnings when friends stay over that if we woke them up twice in one night, or once after midnight, she would take everyone home.   We tested that once on accident, my parents used to let people stay over all the time as long as it was planned ahead, usually had three or so people stay over the span of the week and I never broke the rules.   Then one weekend at my birthday party I had 4 or 5 friends over who were staying the night when one person decided he was pissed he kept losing in Halo2 and shouted at everyone. 3 am in the morning she drove them all home and woke up their parents. Oh shit were my friends pissed at me once that happened and pissed at the kid who decided to be an asshole. He was never allowed over again after that.
0	Like in North Korea where if you sympathize with South Korea you get sent to concentration camps along with you whole family, your kids, and your kids' kids.   Technically what Snowden did was leak government information which is treason. However I do not want Snowden to be caught.
0	First, you have to realize that that is always a possibility and accept that. They definitely could have hired someone else for the position. In fact, I told them I understand if they need to.   A little background: we had huge layoffs at my site. Something around 65% of the staff was cut and, even though I'm the newest guy in my department, I was retained. They made the layoffs completely merit based and in the year I had been there I had initiated a ton of new tools that helped out my department and taken on a lot more responsibility. In our meetings I was always vocal and would voice concerns (sometimes to the point of outright disagreement with my boss) during meetings.   So, after the layoffs, my boss called and was basically telling me that he wanted me out at the corporate office because he sees my growth potential a lot better out there. I told him that I would love to move out there. I would have the same position, just at the corporate office, so this is a lateral move and I should expect minimal pay raise to basically cover cost of living.   I have to interview for the position just like everyone else, and my boss actually moves into a new role so I end up with a new one. I interview with him as well. Basically, interviewing with my new boss I get a big sense of what's going on at the corporate site and that they need someone to kind of give direction. I realize that if I move there, it is going to be me. Alright, I'm cool with that, but I also know that I have it pretty good where I'm currently at so it's going to have to convince me on paper to move.   I end up getting the job and the cost of living raise was basically exact. I shake my head and counter at around 230% of that. I didn't expect them to meet my counter at this point, but gave them justification in bullet point format. Strictly math of why I felt that I would need this amount instead of what they were offering. Told them I appreciated the opportunity and waited to hear back. Later that night, I got a call from HR and was told they would meet me somewhere in the middle (closer to their original number and not anywhere in the middle at all). I told him I would have to think about it, but I would probably not be able to make it happen at that price point. He said that this was the final offer. I once again thanked him for the opportunity and told him I would have an answer by the following day.   That next morning I sent in that I appreciate the opportunity, but I regretfully decline the position. I left a window open by saying that if they could reconsider my counter, I would love to join the team out there in January. I had radio silence until later that afternoon when my boss' boss gave me a call. We talked and she told me that it was very important to get me out there. She needed fresh ideas and someone that isn't afraid to change things if I see a better way. I told her that I really wanted the position as well, but financially I had put my counter in. I had thought about it and budgeted what I need for this move and what I need to be happy in a new environment. I told her that it was important to me to grow outside of work as well as with the company, and my counter will allow me to do that. I also said that I completely understand that transfers don't typically get what I'm asking for so there is push back from all departments and I completely understand if she couldn't make it happen. We get off the phone with her saying she is going to see what she can do to make it happen.   Two days later my old boss calls. He gets mad at me for declining the offer and I told him the same thing I told her. He responded that he would see how close he could get them to my counter. At this point I had resolved that I wanted my counter and nothing less. I explained to them why I needed it already and if they couldn't make it happen then I didn't want to transfer. So I end the conversation by telling him, "I really appreciate that you're going to bat for me too, I really do. I just want you to realize that if you guys come back with even 1% less than my counter, I will decline again. That's what I need to make this happen."   The Friday before thanksgiving I received my offer at $1 above my counter. Also, all moving expenses paid for including a large signing bonus. I signed the offer and have 4 weeks left before I move across the country to a place I've never been and start the next segment of my career.   Am I surprised they didn't just hire someone else? Not really. I have already been tested and shown to be worth merit. It costs a ton of money to go through the hiring process, train people, and then hope they work out. I'm also in a segment of the business that if they don't work out then it can cost even more money with mistakes. On the alternative, I have been saving my company money year over year and increasingly. Sometimes you have to look at your position and ask yourself if you are replaceable. That answer is easy. It is always and unequivocally "yes". Then, and especially when looking at getting a raise, you should ask yourself what it would take to have someone else come in and take over your position. Business is all about balances. Does the potential risk, cost, and hassle outweigh what you are putting on the table?   Obviously, the most important thing here is that I had a job regardless. I wasn't hungry and me taking the position wasn't necessary for me to continue on living. This is possibly the best bargaining chip and is why you should always find a new job before leaving your current one. I have shopping ability. They now know that if they don't meet my offer, I could easily take my resume to other places and continue to search for someone who might. Now they don't get me where they want me and they lose me where I'm already at. (Not anymore, because I had to sign a 2 year contract in contention with acceptance). Also, people like hiring someone already employed. Don't know why, but I think it's something on a subconscious level of sex appeal, like you are stealing someone's girlfriend because you look better.
1	The best support to learn to support on?  Soraka.  She's very strong as a passive healbot to deny basically any poking and keep your carry topped off.  Plus, when it comes time to improve, you can use her to learn map awareness for her ult, plus good times to silence (channeled ults, prior to burst combos, stopping stuns/snares, etc).   If you someone a bit more aggressive, Sona's a good choice.  She's got a decent strong lategame due to her aoe movement speed increases and auras (the only +ap buff from a support too, on her q).  Also, her ult is amazing for both catching people, as well as flash-ult initiations.  Furthermore, if you get good at poking/utilizing her passive, you'll find that she's very complex for a support (such as, when should I stop using q passive, who should I target with w passive, should I be using w passive or e passive now, etc etc).   Overall, they're the easiest two to get into, and they're also, coincidentally, two of the top supports.   Alistar is probably top 3 as well, but he's more difficult to get into.  To play him well, you have to be really comfortable about knowing when you can dive with his ultimate, plus you have to be able to land your combo with a good amount of regularity.   Taric and Janna I'd put as the 2nd tier of supports.  Taric, even though he's my personal favorite, is rather outshone in many respects by Sona.  Better auras, better stun, heal about the same, but lacks Sona's movement increase, slow, and damage reduction.  Admittedly, he's more bursty vs Sona's pokey, but in most cases, Sona is better.   Janna is certainly good, but she has a tendency to really shine when played passively, and to that extent, she's behind Soraka.  The lack of a consistent heal really hurts her laning.  On the other hand though, she is the best support for "damage control."  I.e. if shit hits the fan, Janna's ult and q can really save your ass.  That, and a free best friend's sword on her shield makes her amazing late game, but you need to trust your ad carry to not only be good, but to be able to survive w/o heals (wriggle's is generally a good grab w/ a Janna support).   All of the other supports (Nunu, Blitz, Karma, Zil, Nid) are definitely not the ones you want to get into as your first support.  Karma's a better mage, Nid's a better top, and the others focus heavily on being able to effectively zone out your target with snowballs, bombs, or the threat of blitz-grabs.
1	We'll if you win the system raises your mmr and everyone in your game has higher mmr. So 4 better team mates and 5 better opponents. It's up to you to step up and play better or you will lose.   If you lose then that's 5 worse opponents and 4 worse team mates so you should be able to carry. If you lose you get knocked down farther.   My guess is you went on a big, kind of lucky win streak through silver as soon as you got out of bronze all the way up to silver 2. Then you stopped lucking out and your heightened mmr caught up to you. The exact same thing happened to me. I went from silver 5 to silver 2 in a week. The next week I was silver 4. It took me a month or two to get to silver 1 and fail my gold promo which is where I am now.   My advise is this: the sooner you acknowledge that you are where you deserve to be the better. Ultimately you lost those games. As soon as the game is over it doesn't matter what happened in game. It is only a win or a loss. It is called solo queue for a reason. You are the only person you can depend on or blame. If you die in ranked it is your fault and yours alone. The afk's and trolls will statistically balance out or even be in your favor as long as you don't troll or afk.
0	Got a draft going. On a plane though. I'll deliver when I can.   Here's what you get for now.   Alright, fuck, just FYI. No one know this, so hopefully only 6 or 7 of you will read it.   This story is like a piece of my soul now.   So, life onboard a carrier gets pretty monotonous on the backs end of deployment. And when you work nights, there's nothing to do but stand watch, think, and work out.   I honestly don't know why the fuck I was so sad. But Jesus, I would sleep from 7 to 7 (12 on 12 off) sleep in the shop, just generally unable to move and continue on with my life.   I had gotten it into my brain that the best solution would be to just off myself. No one would really miss me (wife ha sent me an email detailing how stupid I was and that she was divorcing me) and it wouldn't matter all that much because all my gear was working and maintenance was good.   Well, now was the question of how to do it. If you've ever been in the middle of the ocean you know that it's the most beautiful thing there is, and due to my job I had to go aloft (up the mast) to work on antennas where it was even more gorgeous. I realized that the only way to go would be to launch myself from the 211' and aim for the water. If I timed it right with the sway of the ship, I could miss the flight deck entirely and nail the water. In the off chance that I would survive the 300-400 foot fall, hypothermia would take over and I'd be done in a few minutes.   So we had the how, now we need the when. Going aloft was a tricky process because of the radars, them suckers would cook me before I got where I wanted to be and that just couldn't happen. I had to wait for a drill we call a DIW (dead in the water) where we turn off all electronic equipment and float like a dead stick, no lights, no nothing. These lasted usually a couple of hours so it would be perfect. Being in combat systems with mission critical equipment, I knew the schedule of these drills, and I had a shop up on the O10 (top level of the island, right outside the airboss's tower) so it was perfect.   We were all set. Next Wednesday would be the last day of my life. Over the week I got my affairs in order, made a will, mailed some letters, and drafted my note.   The day had finally come and the whole department was gearing up for the DIW. I requested to be up in my shop during that time for some bullshit reason or another, chief was cool with it and I spent the rest of the day chilling, indulging in simple stuff like fresh brewed coffee and chocolate.   ETA 20 minutes. I was nervous. Really nervous, my brain started reeling about what would happen after I jumped. Would I get that euphoric skydiving feeling for a few seconds or would I spend it in worry. I pushed these thoughts from my head and grabbed my foul weather jacket and waited at the hatch for the lights to go out.   With a crash they were out and so was everything else. I opened the hatch and hopped out onto the sponson to start my ascent.   About halfway up I noticed something. The mast was moving. It always swayed a little but it was vibrating in a way I hadn't felt before. I pressed on. It could have just been something that happens with the radars when they're turned off.   I reached my destination, walked out on the platform and looked out at the beautiful ocean under the brightest moon I had ever seen. Maybe it was because of what I was about to do, or maybe I was high from the rush of climbing without a harness, but it just looked so much more...everything.   I sat on the edge and hung my feet over the side. I looked down. There it was. My sweet blue release. The time was approaching. Then I felt it again. Freaking vibration. Up here, there's no Way it could be the radar. I figured I had about twenty minutes or so til it was time to go. And I wasn't about to let tho little mystery go unsolved.   Staying low I went to investigate.   I came to what I though was the source of it. The dome where my antenna was.  so wait, my gear is vibrating  "what the fuck."   I open the hatch and I can hear it vibrating but because of how dark it is My visibility is ZERO.   ** Ok. This is where it gets goddamn weird, like weird as fuck. I still can't even fucking beGIN to explain it. If you don't believe it, you can go fuck yourself.   I fumbled around on the dome floor until I got to the antenna base (you know, the part responsible for azimuth). It was vibrating constantly, few seconds on few seconds off, it didn't feel very strong but it was Mounted to the hollowed out steel that is the mast, so this had to be it and the vibration was just traveling through.   The base had a little hatch with thumb screws so I undid them and reached inside. I still don't believe what I pulled out.   It was the Loch Ness monster!   Nah just fucking with you, it was an iridium. An iridium is a satphone that works anywhere in the world, and the only thing that works in the middle of the ocean. I didn't know these stupid things had vibrate.   It was ringing, someone had been calling it constantly for at least the past 40 minutes. So in proper navy speak I answered.   "Hi this is ET3 Romney onboard USS CARRIER CVN"   "Mitt is that you?" Some woman was speaking on the other line. A voice I did not recognize and knew my ducking name.   "Who the fuck is this?"   "You're late so I don't have much time. You know me, but not as I am now, I'm still little. Please don't do what you're about to do. Put the phone back and get down to the shop before the DIW ends"  click   WHAT IN THE FUCK. I was reeling, what the hell just happened, who the hell was that. There's no way it could be... No. No way. That's not possible. The one thing, the only thing that made sense I pushed from my head cause of the absurdity of it.   I had one friend on the boat but hadn't  told him of my plans. Somehow he must have known. So now, pissed off, I had to get to the bottom of this. I didn't put the phone back because fuck that. I buttoned up the antenna and climbed down as fast as I could. As I got back to the shop the lights came on and the iridium was burning in my pocket. I picked up the note I had written and decided I better go find my buddy, we'll call him hutch. I radioed into central comm and told them all the gear came back on and asked if they had seen hutch.   "He's in main comm."   I hurried down all 7 decks down and 100 or so frames and came to the maincomm door. I punched in the code I wasn't supposed to have and burst in.   "Hey is hutch in here"   "Yeah man, check by the patch panels."   I pulled the iridium out. Walked over to hutch and handed it to him.   "What the fuck man! How did you know anything and what the fuck, who the fuck was that?"   He just stared at me like a crazy person and picked up his radio. "Hey IT1, you guys missing a satphone?"   "Yeah it's been gone all day, did you find one?"   "No, Romney did. Said he found it in a p-way, can you check the numbers that called it?"   "Yeah, we have to since its been missing more than 8 hours"   Hutch looked at me, saw I was freaking out. He spoke finally. "I don't know what just happened, or what you think I did. But let's go find out."   We walked into IT1's office and were greeted by CS1s divo(division officer) , he was a very loud. Very obnoxious. Very large black man.   "Where'd you find this Romney? Huh? You out there makin calls on our dime? You know it's emergency only right? Maybe I should call you divo. Somebody going to mast over this."   "P-WAY CWO. you know I won't be going to mast. CSIO (combat systems informations officer) loves me."   "Yeah, that true. She'll probably trump any charges. I'll getcha one of these days" he punched my arm. Did I mention he was obnoxious?   "Yeah, looks like a number out of Boulder, CO. Romney where you from?" IT1 said from his desk.   "Illinois. I know absolutely no one west of Missouri" which was 100% true.   "Hutch? Where you from?"   "Seattle. I don't even know where Colorado is." Which was also true. Hutch was crazy smart but didn't know anything outside of math and science. Cause he didn't care to.   "Well, we'll figure it out, thanks for returning it." IT1 said and we left main comm.   Me and hutch talked about it for a little while and I told him what happened. He really didn't know what I was taking about.   He punched me as hard as he could in the face. I felt like Walt. We were in the shop on the O10 so no one could see or hear what was going on. He yelled at me "you selfish motherfucker, what about your kid, you're such a cunt. Why the fuck would you do that.   "Dude I'd be lost at sea shed be taken care of, we have crazy insurance"   "She needs a fucking dad" and he opened the hatch and left. But before stepping out he said "I don't know what the fuck or who the fuck that was. But you're an asshole, think about your kid. She needs you more than money." He slammed the hatch and I bawled.   One thing I haven't told you, is at the time, I had a baby that was about 1 year old at the time. She was awesome and I thought for sure she of all people would be better off with the insurance money than with me around.   Hutch gave me a lot to think about. And I stayed up that day just trying to sort my life out. Thinking about what to do and how to accomplish it. That night always in the back of my mind.   I called the wife and told her to wait til I got back to get rid of me, that I had changed from the sack of shit I was and to just give it a couple months with the new Romney and see how things went.   I really did change myself because of hutch and that night.   NOW, if you've stuck with me this far stay with me a little longer.   I got out of the navy shortly after that deployment and moved back to my hometown. Got a job and settled down. The wife stayed and things were going decent. That night slipped further and further into memory until it was almost forgotten.   One day, we were at my in-laws and my wife got a call. Turns out that she has a grandmother in COLORADO. (No shit. I had no idea) This grandmother wanted to give us her house when she died. My mind raced around to that night in my head. Still unable to place the pieces together.   We moved to CO and are waiting on getting the house, in BOULDER.   There is only one other person I will tell this story to, And that's my daughter, and I think you know why.   Edit:  it's finished. No
1	As an east coast American, 200 ping.
0	You're using your religion as a scapegoat, even though your religious standpoint doesn't even  apply  here.   Pretty sure that just makes you an asshole. Your god wouldn't approve of the fact that you're using him as an excuse of your doucheyness.   You want to make this about religion? Too fucking bad. It doesn't apply, and that's not why we downvote your shitty comments. We downvote them because of how much you're being an asshole.
1	During worlds, Riot was giving away Lvl 30 accounts with every runes.   And everybody had cames like IlIlllIlIll, so people couldn't figure out who was the guy And it looked like barcodes. And Faker ID Was Barcode killer.
0	Animals on the planet do not have a natural equilibrium with the plant, that happens through natural selection and other systems.  Take for example deer, it may seem that they live in equilibrium with the environment they live in but they do not.  With out natural predators and now human selection in areas where we have removed a majority of the predators populations the deer eat and strip the forests of undergrowth and new vegetation.  The deer eat everything and anything they can.  As the deer population grows and grows it becomes larger than the carrying capacity of the environment that the dee live in.  This then leads to large die offs of the deer population due to mass starvation as the forests and environments the deer live in no longer have the ability to feed the entire deer population.  Now some deer do move out of the current system to others but those other environments also find ways to balance out through starvation and predation.   Now as to humans changing the environment to suit our needs being unnatural, why would it be unnatural to create shelter and grow food and other resources.  We should be taking stewardship over our world and environments and looking to find sustainable ways to live but that does not mean that we are being unnatural.  Birds build nests out of materials they can find in their environments and primates use tools, why is it so strange that we change and utilize our strengths to survive and thrive above other animals.  Given the chance almost any animal or plant species on this planet will utilize every available resource and fight for what ever else it can get and use to continue its species.  I say almost any animal to cover my bases but I can not think of one off of the top of my head that would act differently.   Humans have formed communities to help us survive for thousands of years.  In order to live in a community you have to live within some distance of one another and as our population has grown ever larger we have had need of finding solutions for creation of shelters that suit our living needs.  Living on plots of land and living next to each other has allowed humans to develop society and our communities.  In order to have cars and airplanes and computers we need these large communities.  It allows us to pool our resources and skills in order to create a better life for all of us.   Anyways I have gone on long enough but
0	Ohh I have a clue, I had such a raging clue I almost spurted clue goo. Any who, you need to lighten up. Hello, this is the internet, bro. Can't let meaningless shit like this get you so worked up.
1	I watch the stream because you are an amazing guy. I love watching you rage on solo queue or when you make "THE PLAYS" with OddOne. You have a great music selection, I even made a Gorillaz playlist on my Pandora because of hearing it on your stream, i knew who they were and liked their music i just never thought to put it in a Pandora station. You inspire me to be a better League player. I admit I do take somethings I watch on your stream or videos and try them out in my games, because I main top too, and they are fun. Like playing Volibear with Surge, I had such a fun time doing that. I've only started watching streams a little while ago, and I'm sad that I didn't earlier because I've been playing for such a long time. I know there is a chance that this won't really be seen by you, but if it does then I hope you can enjoy my words from a simple guy. You are always entertaining to watch, at least in my book. I even leave your stream on sometimes when i'm playing just to hear your audio, whether I'm playing solo queue or with friends. So if you decide to try and entertain more or even just stay the same i'll still watch your stream.
0	Okay, he said "I get dirty looks for..." and you're calling BS, but had he phrased it "I have gotten dirty looks for..." you wouldn't have objected? Have I gotten that right?   If so, you might want to be a bit more careful to avoid inferring things which have not been implied.   To expand on that, despite your apparent inference, "I get [x]s" does not denote how frequently [x] happens - the most one can infer absent further context is that it has happened on more than one occasion, and that at least one such occasion was sufficiently recent that the speaker can reasonably assume it will occur in the future under similar circumstances.   Neither "rarely" nor "sometimes", nor "regularly", nor "frequently", are implied. It could have been any of those based on the comment to which you were replying.   Also, regarding:   > Because I live in the real world   From a quick glance at your comment history, it seems you're Danish. Of course shit like this is pretty much implausible in Denmark - I've been there, I know firsthand you guys are extremely level-headed compared to "normal" people here in the US, much less our suburbanite soccer/hockey moms who are needlessly and excessively paranoid about their children as a product of being taught slogans such as "[stranger danger]( while growing up. Unfortunately, we're in the real world as well, just opposite sides thereof, and things are a bit different here - when you couple the aforementioned "stranger danger" propaganda with various facts and statistics, such as...     45-50+% of all marriages end in divorce, separation, annulment, etc^1   29% of marriages wherein the woman was under 44 years old and it was her first marriage end in divorce within 10 years,^2   laws effectively favor the mother over the father in the event of disputed custody:   where primary custody is concerned (i.e. there is some joint custody or visitation arrangement), mothers outnumber fathers 5 to 1,^3   Note: I apologize because I can't seem to locate the numbers right now, but I do recall from the last time I had to look up these numbers that it goes up significantly where sole custody (no joint legal or physical custody, no visitation) is concerned. Something like 10 to 1, sole custody mothers outnumber sole custody fathers.         ...you can see that single fathers aren't terribly common (and they're very uncommon in suburbia, particularly if the father isn't particularly well-dressed since there's a presumption that a "poor" father would be far less likely to win custody), and sometimes one of these paranoiacs sees a man with a child and freaks out, sometimes even calling the cops on the man.^4 This can be much worse when race is a factor (that is, the father and child appear to be of different races e.g. the video above, or /u/shogo elsewhere in this thread, who said he looks Puerto Rican and his daughter is pale-skinned with blonde hair and blue eyes).   Hope this helps clear things up for you!
0	This sounds scarily familiar, shit. I watched all this girl's friends abandon her while she played the victim, acted like it was their fault she couldn't keep any friends, that she was the unfortunate soul in all of this. We were friends for years, even dated for a while, broke up on good terms, stayed close friends. I didn't realize just how badly she treated me.   One summer, she started talking about how much she hated her current boyfriend, how she was annoyed how much he was trying to contact her (they were home from college over the summer and couldn't see each other). She was ignoring his calls and bitching to me the whole time. This guy was the closest friend she'd had since me, he was a total doormat. When school started back up again she was suddenly buddy-buddy with him again because he was the only person who would tolerate her shit. I started to realize all her closest friends had the personality type that rolls over and takes shit without fighting back, and realized that included me. A few months later she was bitching to me about all her new college friends not agreeing with her on the tiniest things and talking about how they'd started to abandon her.   Ending that was the most liberating thing. I'd tried really hard to avoid it, to get her to understand, but  an emotional manipulator will always be one.  There's a fucking reason no one else would stay friends with her.
1	I like how they try to calm everyone down by saying that the reports are saved and will worked out eventually even though the tribunal is down.   With 2 reported people per average in a normal EUW platinum game I wonder how many ppl RIOT hires to work out all those reports with a few thousand reports per  day .   I don't want to sound too negative...but they can't even catch up with the amount of people that need to be banned since the tribunal is down. There are just too many of them. Which means your average game on EUW will be toxic as hell for the next few months until they finally bring back a solution for this.   Not sure if I want to play for the next few months with people wishing me diseases, death and other things, have sex with my mother/father/pet, call me whatever insult they find on www.insults-for-retards.com, forcing dodges with "role X or feed", forcing dodges by banning useless champs/not banning at all "to make it more entertaining", feeding, afking, leaving, trolling or simply being negative as hell.
0	To be fair, I've started running into sites that use the British flag for English. Every single time I spend an extra minute looking for the American flag because "I want the site in American English, not British English."   ...Then I select the British flag because I realized I was being an idiot.
0	Animal control is not the same thing as an animal shelter. Yes, they serve a similar function when it comes to re-homing animals, but the larger service is community health and safety. Bureaucracies are bad enough without putting red tape in the way of putting down a highly dangerous animal. There would also be the issue of overcrowding, which is already a problem in no-kill shelters. Adult animals are very rarely adopted when kittens and puppies are available.   Some animal control locations will give the babies a longer opportunity to be adopted, but then you have infections due to close quarters with other animals - URIs in particular. A more ideal situation is fostering out the babies for socialization, but even then there's a limit to how many animals a single individual can take in at a time. That's also not going to help an adult animal that isn't social enough to be appealing to a family looking to adopt.
0	I used to be a real shy guy. In high school all but one or two of my girlfriends were people who came up to me, initiated/flirted first. I was so concerned about what I should say I wound up never saying anything to girls I liked because I thought it was a dire situation. Maybe it was because I was became friends with girls at my first job in college but one day I just started to not be as shy. There are all types of different personalities that girls have. Depending on where they are at, is usually where a majority of like type personalities will be. Ex clubs downtown will have a lot of women who like aggressive men,very feminine, and extroverted. Other places will have the opposite. I think its key to understand that there are different types of women/people and what may seem wired/strange/annoying to you is normal and ok  (goes vice versa as well) you'll hear it a thousand times, but in my experience with all types of women, confidence is almost always a must. Even if you are introverted and shy, find a way to smile/ talk to women you like.  I'd suggest to smile at all women. It gives you practice and overtime, it'll bring you self confidence because a lot of them will smile back. Also women don't like guys who stand there silently. Most women do still expect men to approach them. If you're not sure a girl is checking you out at a social event, just politely talk to them. They may be shy and wondering the same thing about you. I've had a roommate who was very attractive as well as her friends. They still got shy and wondered if x guy was checking them out and hoping he would come up to them. And remember women don't rate physical attractiveness nearly as much as we do, finally remember to smell nice and have good breath.
1	On my main account i never got a warning or anything. However on my smurf where i only play botgames till Level 30 I recently received a warning for negative Attitude or something like that. Funny thing is that I tend to hard carry the game and get a lot of "KS" and "Don't end!" thrown at me. Second I like to to talk about item builds. Item builds at low level are sometimes surprising. I usually recommend something and receive "Don't tell me how to do xy". I usually shrug it off. Apparently they don't. I don't think I'll ever be banned/restricted because I'll be out of <30 soon but I learned that new players are easily offended. Probably because they haven't met too many helpful smurfs but a lot of flamers.
1	I'm going to politely disagree with his point. What I don't think that a lot of people are thinking about is there is a difference between "right and wrong" and "legal and illegal". What they did was very wrong and probably will/did hurt the esports scene/LoL. However from what I can tell they did nothing that at the time was/or seems to be illegal. Therefore I think that MLG was wrong to punish the two teams. Next time though I think that they need to add rules (maybe even Riot needs to do this) to deter this thing from happening in the future.
0	I'm guessing it's about the same point where, if obligations would let you, you'd never get out of bed.   Also, if you've been depressed for a long period of time suicide stops being an option. You've managed and suffered for so long that ending it actually seems counter intuitive, it'd make the x amount of time you've been dealing even more pointless, why didn't you do it back then and save yourself the torment? You find a reason, like the pain it would cause family and friends, to explain why you haven't. You still think about it, but it becomes what if's. Like what if you botched it and the mess you had to deal with after, what you'll be putting your family and friends through, the trauma of any witness'. You don't want to be responsible for any of that, and thinking about it just makes it worse, sapping any motivation you ever had left.
1	Giants look quite strong, especially Samux
1	I think  insert population  are really  insert mean adjective  because they "ALWAYS" (lol)  insert behavioral generalization .
0	How every good, long text post should start '
1	While players certainly can and do increase in skill, it does not happen in a vaccuum (all those players who are better than them are also practicing and improving). Also, changes in a players skill  in comparison  to their peers only really happens under 2 circumstances.   When a player first appears on the scene, there's a few month period where they have to get adjusted. During this time they can vastly improve in skill (Sneaky from C9, for example his first split in LCS to second showed massive improvements). After that period is over, their skill is pretty much set, as long as they're on that team. I can't think of one example of a player who was mediocre for a prolonged amount of time, then suddenly became great (for a prolonged amount of time...1 or 2 weeks of playing great does not count). However,  if  a player is mediocre for a prolonged amount of time, then gets an entirely new team, they  do  have another chance to improve.   Even if all the players are good, change is neccesary for stagnating teams. There is simply no way around it. The best example of that ever was shown this year with the Samsung teams. Both Dade and Pawn are exceptional players, and just by switching them (which, on paper, is approximately a net even trade), it vastly improved both teams. They were both stagnating, and change fixed that despite not even being a straight upgrade for either team.   Cloud 9 is often praised for their stable roster, but where has it gotten them? A quarterfinal appearance in S3, and a full year of the same roster has gotten them a quarterfinal appearence in S4. S5 will likely be the same (depending on how the brackets play out they might do slightly better or slightly worse, same as this year). Unchanging rosters make fans happy. Unchanging rosters will keep both of these teams at or near the top of their respective regions (which I guess is fine if that's all they're aiming for). Unchanging rosters will never improve past their current form.   Some teams understand this. SKT was a top 5 team in the world (some would even argue the 3rd best in the world), and yet they completely changed their entire bot lane. Why? Because 3rd-5th is not good enough, and they know that 3rd-5th is all they would ever be if they made no change (of course that was assuming all the teams above them didn't suddenly disband...but that's beside the point).
0	Didn't you know? Girls LOVE attention. They love it so much that they would do pretty much anything (within a limit) to get compliments. Obviously different girls have a different set of limits. But this limit changes with time and can be influenced. This is why you see some girls started showing their bodies without the face initially but end up with a face later on because the GW visitors keep on complimenting them.   You can compliment them and end up fucking them. And they say that guys think with their balls.
0	At the start, I'd just like to say that the following is meant to educate on how to STOP bothersome calls at home.  Downvoting me will just hide the information from people who might find it helpful.   I've worked as a former phone worker for multiple call centers, both inbound and outbound.  I started from back in the day when it was cold-calls using a phone book and a push button land line that each rep had to dial themselves and continued until about 5 years ago when I was one among thousands who were the headset-wearing mouthpieces for a sophisticated and highly market researched computer and autodial system backed by well-paid legal departments who have found so many loopholes in the "do not call" statutes that they can lead you through blindfolded.   With that in mind,  I can tell you that most of the time if we don't get the required reply, we just put you back on the list and you get another call a few days later.   If recorded, quality control obtusely interprets "thank you very much" as meaning "thank you very much for calling, I'd LOVE to partake... oh, my cell phone dropped the call... oh well, I'm sure they'll call back."  If you're rude, you definitely get put back on the list because, even if there's a 100% chance of you blowing up again when re-called, there's only a small chance that the original caller will be the one to deal with you and the new person will not feel bad because they weren't the one who put you back on the list.  Result of new blow up?  The new caller considers you rude for yelling at them without warrant and back you go on the list.   Best option?  Take 60 seconds to be polite, let them give you enough spiel to satisfy their contact requirements (if you refuse something that hasn't been fully explained, it's considered an "uninformed refusal" and you just go back on the list... if not right away, at least a few months later), give an unequivocal "no, thank you" (don't try to argue why whatever you're offered is not for you... objections are considered questions in statement form... e.g. an objection such as "I already have another company that does that for me" will be treated as "explain to me why you'll do a better job than my current company"), don't answer questions about your reasoning, kindly asked to be marked as contacted/refused and removed from the call list, wish the caller good luck and you can then hang up and get on with your life without fear of repeat calls.  That is, until you do something stupid again like put your phone number on a product registration or website form.   Oh, and dont' get mad if they don't end the call right away.  Most companies, in order to make sure their reps are doing their best to push whatever the subject matter is, will require a rep to get three clear, distinct no's before they can end the call.  An objection is not a no.  Neither is an "I don't think so."  Simply, "No thank you... No, thank you.... No, I'm not interested, thank you.  Please mark me as contacted and not interested and remove me from the list.  Thank you.  Good luck." will save you dozens of calls.  Convincing a call rep for a large call center to pull you off the big list can end calls not only for this subject, but also for calls about other businesses that the call center also has contracts with.  Polite, friendly rapport = request granted.  Surly, "fuck you... stop calling me!" = talk to you next week.
0	The problem with this post is that it ignores key differences in the history of Asian America and black America. Black America started as slaves and Asian America started as highly educated specialists brought over for this specific reason.   The first difference is the pretext under which immigration into the United States was allowed for each group. Black America's foundation came through the slave trade, which does not really need argument for how it gave black america a shit start. But in addition to that, poor access to education and zoning laws that reduces the equity of families have propagated this problem over the years. I don't think I can give a fair treatment of this complicated trend in a pithy reddit post, so if you want to learn more about how inequity persist over centuries check out the 2013 research on the racial wealth gap by the PEW research center (   Now, compare this with the history of Asian America. The first large influx of Asians was in California around the late 1800s to work on the rail roads as cheap labor. However, due to a combination of immigration policies including the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882, Asian immigration wasn't fully permitted equality with European immigration until 1965.   This kept Asian immigration from having any real impact after the late 1800s up until the late 1900s. This is when we have the main bulk of the Asian population reddit is familiar with come over to the US, which explains why most Asian Americans are relatively recent immigrants when compared to their black or white counterparts. But the reason why certain Asian families could immigrate during this time was because their family held specialized skills and high levels of education that the United States found desirable. This high level of education characterizes Asian America at its foundation. It defines not who we are but, more accurately, how we began.   So, based on these two brief overviews of black and asian american history, its pretty unfair to tell blacks they just need to 'get over it' and applaud Asians. This puts the onus on the black community for having ancestors that were enslaved and justifies complex inequities in health outcomes, wealth, and education as 'your own damn fault.'
0	Whatever happened to skepticism? Why do all of you trust a story that has no photographic evidence? Or any other real evidence otherwise? He provided a name and a hotel name and was ambiguous about the year. From the little gif stoy he told he says that they wondered who the older dude was who walked in. So he isn't even sure it was Woody in the first place. Add on it was "somewhere between 13 or 20 years ago, give or take a few years" and you could have a very fuzzy memory of a drunken party that took place after prom in a hotel.
1	I'd always get Bloodthirster, Last Whisper and Infinity Edge on her. Those are absolute must on her. Then there's always the option of either Statikk Shiv or Phantom Dancer, either of them you must have, but I don't know which one is better during what scenario.  Boots are a must as well, and that's pretty much Berserker's Greaves that you should get then. I've also seen some people get Zephyr instead of boots. How viable that would be on Sivir I can't tell. Then generally you get a defensive item, in most cases Guardian Angel and in some cases Mercurial Scimitar. GA against heavy assassination teams and MS against heavy CC teams.
0	Thaaaat article doesn't even make a conclusive finding. The author says, in their opinion, that it doesn't matter because it can't be conclusively proven. They also call into question pheromones and whether they exist in humans. Every single healthcare professional I know looked at me like I was mentally deficient when I just polled them about it.
1	You yourself said that it basically only matters if you hit your E, if you miss the E a Q + WW doesn't ever get a kill because you won't be able to land the 2nd Q.   If you're ganking and you miss e thats a bad mistake and you probably won't get a second shot with a 15% slow, not to mention that the slow must be procced by a spell, if you're in spell range then most bot lane supports should be with you and they should CC, and theres only a few top laners that have zero CC to help you out with. Overall I think if you want a 15% slow that just barely puts them into range for another Q, go with a redbuff.   I'm not arguing ryalis is bad on her, just that it is bad as a first item. Also if you don't have that much damage and you get a slow after missing an E, its a bad mod to the Q which at best means you will get a 2nd Q off with a slow on the first Q. (Assuming you missed E) so... really without damage unless the Q is doing half their hp in damage, Ryalis won't set up a bot lane kill. And if you say "what if the support has a CC" then the support probably would lead a bot lane gank with that CC so you could combo your E.
0	Shaming doesn't work in either case. "If you're fat, you're gonna die early" is as bad as "If you're fat, you're gonna stay lonely".   What works to make people lose weight is individual. Everybody has their own motivation to start. If you told me I should stop doing X because it's bad for my body I'd laugh in your face and tell you I'd rather have a short happy life than a long unhappy one. But then, I know what motivates me, so I'm fit anyway...
1	I make no assumptions when I see a person's league ranking now.   Sure, its reassuring to see a diamond/platinum player in your silver/gold game. But I quickly learned this means  nothing .   If a plat player is found in a lower tier game like this, it indicates his hidden MMR has been plummeting.   Also, although I see a strong correlation between league rank and mechanical skills (cs-ing, skillshots). This is usually negated by the fact the higher ranked player is an  asshole .   You will see this all the time. Plat player's perspective:  " Another ranked game with low elo scrubs, time to carry these noobs ." Although the player is good in lane, they usually are too cocky and make mistakes that hurt the team.   For example, demanding the team to react to their actions because they believe they know better. Another common mistake they make is underestimating their lane opponent or jungler's awareness.
0	I woke up early at around 7 am to get dressed and go vote. I'm 19, being the youngest in line this early didn't really surprise me.   My circle of friends however didn't vote. They all said that politics gives them headaches, and that voting is stupid. A considerable waste of time to them.
0	I claimed ~7 years experience on my resume for calling bingo a couple hours a week every Wednesday at a local "luxury" nursing home. I got really close to that group, and they were always punctual, friendly faces who always had the best stories! If you're going into medicine or psychology, it definitely helps. You learn a lot about the frustrations and fears that come with getting older, including depression, grief, and how people cope with it those feelings.   Related story: This is going to sound a little weird, but you'll never know the emptiness and loneliness that accompanies an extended stay in a "luxury" nursing home. I volunteered at this home from the ages of 12-19, and I was the only Bingo caller that they had during that time. Even if I called in advance in the case that I was sick, had to study for a test, or notified the program director that I would be leaving town for a few days there just simply wasn't anyone to replace me.   The only reason that I even stopped was because the last woman from the original group died a couple years ago at the ripe old age of 97. Honestly, I couldn't handle the loss that time and I quit the week after it happened. She was my favorite, and I always made it a point to visit with her. She always made me feel better on my shittiest day, and I always tried to help her out whenever she was down, too. I believe her son only visited about 6 or 7 times during the first five years that I volunteered there. At most twice a year. It wasn't until it was very close to the end that he finally started to come around and actually bring the family with him. I think she was the most emotional during this period of time. That last fall had broken the other hip, which forced her into the wheelchair for good. It wasn't long afterwards that she fell into a deep depression coupled with grief over her disability. I would wheel her back to her room after bingo, and she'd start to bawl; however, I will always remember her as she was before the accident. She was sharp, funny, and her name was Mrs. Celia. I miss her dearly.   In summary, you can gain a lot of life experience volunteering for what only seems like a couple hours a week. It's experiences like this that will change your own life, the lives of others, and may even impress an interviewer one day because you took the time to do that instead of something fleeting.
1	I've found that as support, if we can get a couple strong exchanges or a kill in lane early, it seems to affect how well the enemy lane plays: if one person initiates the other is likely to follow up. Simply because trust has been lost. This is often enough to win the lane.
0	thedrinkmonster 882 points 18 hours ago*  (1191|313) When I lived in a shitty part of Tacoma Park in Maryland (near UMD) once I ordered from Papa Johns for my 2 roomates and I. We've ordered from here before and knew the guy who delivered to our apartment every weekend; real nice family guy named Fahud; we tipped well and he liked us and always made sure we got our pizzas first on his route. It's hood here and my street was the last one they'd delivered to before they wouldn't go any further. I hear a wild frenzied banging at my door and go to answer it; it's the driver all right, he's bleeding from his nose. He barrels in panting and frantic and explained that 2 black kids jumped him when he got out of his car; punched him in the face and knocked him down, he dropped the pizza and ran into our building and they gave chase desperate to catch him. Fahud's from Afghanistan and he's seen some shit growing up in a wartorn country and beelined it to our door. My roomates and I arm ourselves with a hockey stick and a bat and grab a big mag lite and run outside with Fahud determined to catch these fuckers. We walk around the perimeter of the apartment complex for maybe 8 minutes but no sign of Fahud's attackers or our pizza. Fahud thanks us for our help and leaves. We sit down bummed our pizza got stolen and decide to go get chinese instead. 4 hours later around 12 am we hear a knock. We're still skittish and think it might be the hood rats that beat up Fahud and saw where we lived. We get our hockey stick and bat and answer. It's Fahud, with a large pepperoni pizza!! He explained what happened to the manager and had us made another pizza to make up for the one we lost! As a show of thanks he made it right before they closed up and he came out of his way to drop it off and would not accept a tip on top of that. A week after that Papa Johns took our apartment complex off the delivery route. But we still ordered carry-out afterwards and continued our friendship with Fahud until we moved out a year later.
1	You know what would keep people in the game more than punishment if they don't play? How about Rito makes the game to where comebacks in lane are actually possible. If you go 0/2 early in lane its over, no matter how good you are. It needs to become actually possible for you to comeback in lane so there's actually hope in continuing playing the game.
0	Fact of the matter is- it is true. With relative anonymity people don't have to save-face and who they really are comes out. Big surprise- our society is sadistic, hyper-judgmental and enjoys being dicks just for the sake of being a dick. As for mob mentality I'd prefer to twist it to a consensus in opinion, in that responsibility for what you say still remains (at least in the reddit-sphere).   In fact, I think when you look back at what the Romans used to do to prisoners and slaves it's easy to see that the internet is just a more evolved version of it. Less people die, it's not as violent and it's much more technologically advanced, but the core purpose of entertainment at someone else's expense remains.
1	He's situational, but a strong pick if mastered. When pro players are asked what unconventional AP mids they consider strong, the usual response is Xerath or Ziggs. I recall Chauster going in-depth about Xerath and explaining a good way to play him in his billion-page AMA thread on the CLG website. Anywho, as a mid player myself I find it easy to lane and dominate a less experienced Xerath, while the strength of a skilled Xerath has surprised me many a time.
0	This is kind of easier said than done. People with more economic capital will be involved with people who have more cultural capital, and hence higher "dreams". "Dreams" can vary from being an astrophysicist to paying next week's rent. And because I'm not into bullshitting anything, let's just agree upfront those are two very different dreams from two very different people, who come from two very different backgrounds.
1	Depends what you call trolling. What I read in your situation is just some guys having bad games. Some players might be losing on purpose, but that's what I would call going on tilt. Just in my view I define things differently. It's like when people blame their ranking cause of being unlucky with terrible teammates and call it "elo hell". Imo its lack of personal skill.
0	I had to do this just recently. We had a wonderful relationship for a year, and then things went sour due to him finding another woman (which was okay with me because we are both poly and I have another man. however, this woman was BATSHIT). He kept insisting he could fix things despite this woman CONSTANTLY being completely disrespectful to our existing relationship and acting like she owned his entire existence from the moment she met him. For 8 or 10 months (i honestly lost track and stopped counting) I stayed in a relationship with him because I kept hoping he COULD fix things. Eventually I told him he needed to pick her or me and I left.   He always told me that "if push comes to shove, I will always choose you." I figured telling him that I was leaving if he didn't leave her was that shove. But he didn't leave her.   Every few days/weeks I would get an email or a facebook message from him saying he was through with her and all of her bullshit. They were having constant fights. Their relationship wasn't healthy from the get-go. He kept telling me he was going to move out of her house and leave her forever.   So I kept going back to him. I have never had a relationship in my life that was as long or constantly fulfilling as I had with him.   Last week I set down firm terms at which he is allowed to contact me. I told him I want all my stuff back that I left at their place, and I don't want to be in contact with him unless he is going to completely cut her out of his life. She has done a lot of stuff to both me and him. I am not comfortable around her anymore. I refuse to be in a relationship with someone who is even FRIENDS with someone I have hostile feelings towards, or who has hostile feelings toward me.   Still. . . every single day is a struggle. I told him in my terms that I am not going to be waiting around for him to pick me and ask me back into his life. But after all the things he said in the past. . . some small part of me really hopes he DOES love me enough to push his toxic relationship with this other woman out of his life. . . and ask me back again. There isn't a single day that passes where I don't wish I could just talk to him or hang out, or be in his arms.   But I can't. If I give in, I let the cycle continue. I let that happen for almost a year. I can't live that way anymore. It's too oppressive.
0	To be honest... they pay me the minimum amount they can... so I put in the minimum amount of response that I can:"...".
0	This is exactly why I hate Risk. Once you know who will win rolling the dice to see how long it will take for you to lose is torture.   This is also why I like Settlers of Catan. Games generally don't last long enough for any part of it to start to feel like you have no chance. If you are behind, you can still screw with the people who pissed you off. My personal strategy in settlers is that if you mess with me, I might not win, but you certainly won't either. It makes the game a lot more fun even when you aren't the one winning.
1	So everyone knows what happened.... 5 minutes of Q&A with Morello, what we did we learn from this?     Riot is really happy with how big LoL has gotten in tournaments.   No new maps for awhile.   Balance is very important.   Stealth is till being worked on for balance (see above)   We (Riot) like trolling people
1	I don't think it's a nationalism, racist thing (although you're right it can be), like I said it's more on the relatable aspect. People love LMQ, even though they're a Chinese team. People like that they are trying to learn English and trying to get to know the audience. They've been streaming and viewers like their personality a lot.  There's also a lot of love for European teams too. They are just a lot more accessible than the Korean teams (majority at least). It's the same way everybody used to love MC (iunno what the scenes like anymore). He pandered to the audience and people loved it. Although Faker is phenomenal and everybody calls him a God, he's still the generic "polite veiled cocky" (up for debate apparently) Korean player that waters his plants to stay focused. People are allowed to like what and who they want. It's not like people don't like the Korean teams cause they're Koreans, it's cause there are others who are more personable.  And at the end of the day you're going to say "w.e this is a competitive game".  Like i anticipated you would say, a quality game is a quality game. Yes you're right, step the fuck up then if you want to be relevant, etc.  At the same time though these are human beings with personalities playing these games. This is a double-edged issue definitely but I can't see fans just tossing aside their feelings/background completely when watching their favorite teams play. Is it really that bizarre to feel a bit demoralized/disappointed when your favorite team keeps losing or even other way around feel exhilarated when that team takes top place?
1	You guys are all so lame in this.. Like, I see that the new themes have problems, but you all seem to discredit the mods so much, they have worked on this,maybe for days, and thus, they cant just send it to the garbage so easily.. I dont like it either, but I'm not sure if its cause its bad or because its the change that bothers me most.. I dont complain though, nor I go and create millions of threads for the same thing.. Also, show some respect to these Mods for managing this wonderfull subreddit the entire LoL community uses, pros,casters and even Reds..
1	I find that when i support i usually get 2 greens and a pink on my first back. I use the pink as my sweeper in the river and then ward the tribrush and keep the 2nd one for either lane brushes (very rarely) or to replace the other ward. I usually start ancient coin and sweeper unless the matchup is really hard in the enemies favour(not that great on mage supps) so my gold income is fairly fast and the sweeping lense is to deny lane brush vision.
1	it wasn't just chaox. many old players including doublelift talked about uzi, devil (namei), and other talented chinese players around the same time or even before as well. Back during season 2 when there were more international tournaments, tsm, clg etc did get to clash with chinese teams that held famous players like tabe, whitez. Why do you think CLG kept trying to go east to compete in ogn and the like while TSM stayed in NA way back?   I remember there used to be a vlog of doublelift talking about getting to watch Namei play and cs. If i remember correctly, he complimented Namei by saying how his play looked the cleanest out of any adc players he had the opportunity to watch and his play style looked almost effortless in lane etc etc. As for Chaox talking about uzi when no one did, i believe that was because he was an actual pro player and not a caster. Anyone who followed up on the chinese team knew uzi was amazing. Royal did beat OMG during season 3 finals after all. The casters, along with the majority of the world didnt really get a chance to talk much about uzi since the attention was elsewhere (partially due to montecristo joining the analyst desk and would only talk about korean teams =p). If we had a "montecristo like" person that followed the chinese league also come and join the analyst desk, they would have most definitely talked about uzi.   being honest, i think the research was underdone -_-.
1	If a champion is affected by multiple slows, the strongest one will be fully applied, while the others are applied sequentially with 65% reduced effectiveness down to 35% of its original strength.   A quote above from the wiki. I can't exactly verify it but let's go with that regardless. Frozen mallet gives a 30% slow for Ashe since she's ranged, and Ashe passive at max effectiveness gives a 35% slow.   This means that your movement speed will be brought down to 65% of your inital MS from Ashe passive (1 - 0.35 = 0.65), and then this will be further reduced by the 30% slow. Remember that this additional slow is reduced to 35% of its strength. This gives us 0.65 x (1 - (0.3 x 0.35)) = 0.58175 (or a 41.825% slow in other words)
0	According to [How to be a gentleman, a timely guide for timeless manners]( you should always tip 15% or more if the service is great. In the event of a service so bad that you think that no tip should be given, ask to see the manager and explain to him why you did not tip.
1	the "Net neutrality" issue is just 1 piece of the puzzle in the US. But its a large piece in my opinion. Basically without net neutrality, ISP's can choose which websites or services get the best speeds. Take a look at what comcast did to Netflix, basically cutting Netflix speeds to the bone until they paid them a ransom to increase speeds.   As League gets bigger and bigger, it will start to account for more and more web traffic. It wouldn't surprise em to find out that this has already happened, and Riot's paid up to keep things working (the recent issues with FIOS users over the past few months as an example).   So, even if all of that wasn't the case, we still have the problems with the servers themselves. Not only their location being west coast, but also their stability/reliability and capacity. The migration they did recently I'd imagine should help with this, but that is also just 1 piece of the puzzle.
1	I find the idea of mastering a champ to be pretty abstract but if I had to choose a scenario that confirms I have mastered a champ it would be:   Consistently winning lane/duels/matches against what is supposed to be your hard counter item/champ with a similar skill level.   If you can be so good witha champ that the strongest ways of defeating them cant even stop you, youve done well.
1	I'm not trying to dump on you.  But let me pull down my pants and get to work anyway."  Come on, man.  No one knows everything about every champion.  And even if they do, humans are allowed to make mistakes.
0	I feel you, bro. I've been denied multiple jobs and promotions because the company needed a "Diversity hire." I worked my ass off only to have the promotion I worked late nights for go to someone else because they were a different skin color. I was denied scholarships because I'm white. I was jumped and beaten almost daily by Latinos and blacks when I was a teen and the cops didn't magically appear to help me. They wouldn't even take a report! So anyone who says "White Privilege" exists can shove it up your ass! It's people of the same race looking out for each other.   Do you describe the United Negro College Fund as "Black Privilege?" How about the NAACP? No? Surprise, surprise. They're tools to help uplift African Americans. If there was a college fund specifically for white people the NAACP would have a fucking field day.
0	EDIT:  I fucking got it. Here's how it is. Let's say you're a guitarist, and you live in a house with your bandmates. You guys have the whole house together, and since you guys live together, you guys can play music together whenever you want! You got the drummer, the bass player, and even someone who donks the cowbell all ready to jam and make sweet, sweet, harmonious music whenever you want-- that's the main reason why you all moved in together.   But sometimes, you just want to chill in your room and jam by yourself. It's not that you can't round up the band and say "hey let's play together!", it's not that the music you guys all make together isn't good, and it's not that you want to play your guitar alone all the time-- but sometimes it's just as nice to kick back and diddle about with your instrument playing tunes by your lonesome.   That's masturbation within a committed relationship in a nutshell.     This mentality overlooks a number of facts, but here's one that I hope illustrates something you may not have thought of--   the good feels that I (as a female) get by masturbating (clitoral stimulation with my own fingers) is very different from the good feels that I get from two-person penis-in-vagina sex. If I get one or the other, that's great-- vaginal sex without orgasm feels good to me, and clitoral stimulation leading to orgasm feels good even if I'm not being penetrated. (Of course, if I get a combo of both (husband makes me cum via clitoral stimulation and follows up with sex), then it's amazing.)   Y'all seem to think that somehow, female masturbation is fundamentally inferior in terms of good feels to sex involving two people, and that's just plain silly. They both feel great, but sometimes, when I'm or my husband's too tired to deal with all the build up and clean up of penis-in-vagina sex, it's totally fine to jill off and go straight to sleep.
0	Agreed. However the other thing people don't look at (as far as tips are concerned), is the amount of skill/effort needed to get the larger tips. Lets take bartenders for example. Speaking from experience, the female bartenders I have come across can just act ditsy, make mistakes on a regular basis, and follow up with the "oh its just the blonde showing", and they still get tipped. The male bartenders have to be able to make excellent conversation, be relate-able to the customer, and do the job without any mistakes to get a decent tip. Oh the girl isn't making tips one night? The next day she'll just wear a low cut top and BAM, makes more than anyone else there.
1	No its not   Edit :
1	Simplest way I have to determine whether I should be buying AD or penetration is to look at your floating damage numbers on your targets that you are intending to prioritize, towers, troublesome champions, and so on. If your damage (actual damage on target, not your listed AD) is greater than 100 without critical hits, buy penetration. if less than 100 more AD will grant you more damage on target. If you build a champion with large crit chance or crit damage, the math changes and I don't care to mathcraft that hard.   So, when deciding runes, you are deciding what items you will be better off buying mid game as an AD damage hero. If your loaded up on red and quints for penetration, you can be buying a larger AD item at that time. If you loaded up with AD reds and quints, you will reach that 100 damage point more quickly in game, and should buy one of the penetration items at that point.
0	So...reading all the responses in this thread kinda saddens me.   I am a suicide survivor, both on by my own hand or watching someone else attempt. The both of us are idiots for trying, yes, but instigating that suicide is a selfish act is actually just perpetuating the problems that led to where we ended up.   "You should just have gotten over it" Sometimes we can't. Sometimes, rationally, we think we're doing a service. It's not about what we WANT. Hell, everyone I talked to while recovering never wanted to die. No one really wants to, even those who are in deep depression from having lost a family member. Do you think they prefer dying to having their life back? The point that the OP is making, however, is what most people view it as.   I don't think you're an ass, OP. Actually, I feel sorry for you. I know what it's like to be detached like that from grievous events, especially watching my sister be devastated as one of her best friends ended up offing himself. I couldn't fathom her pain, but I couldn't really actually feel much. However, this is part and parcel to the real ghost of the problem. No one seems to actually be able to empathize with the mentally...not-coping. We don't see things or take things uite the right way. What you see as bright royal blue, I see as pale, dreary sea blue. We see things and hear things but sometimes the brain just doesn't want to work right. Yes, we can do it ourselves but not everyone is accomplished as me and my friend. You wouldn't think a suicidal pair like us could draw ourselves from teh depths but we did.   Not everyone can. So...
0	Marijuana was classified as a Schedule I Controlled Substance, along with ecstasy,LSD,and heroin. The qualifications required for a drug to reach such an esteemed distinction are threefold: 1. High potential for abuse,2. No currently accepted medical use,and 3. Lack of accepted safety for use.   A. High potential for abuse? Hardly: while upwards of 42% of American adults have smoked marijuana at least once in their life, less than 1% smoke it on a daily basis. And whereas alcohol is linked to over 75,000 deaths per year,and cigarettes roughly 400,000 per year,the world is still waiting for the first-ever instance of marijuana fatality. This is a drug on which it is impossible to overdose.   So more to the point - who cares? It is a byproduct of the pursuit of happiness that man has the right to debilitate himself - as long as he does not harm his neighbor while doing so. It is perfectly legal to abuse to any desirable degree - even to the point of death - the drugs Marlboro,Jack Daniels,and McDonalds,as well as base jumping,cave diving,and bull riding. It should come as no surprise that almost all of these highs are more addictive than marijuana, and cause more deaths per year (yes,even bull riding). What's more? Many of them do cause harm to innocent bystanders.   B. No currently accepted medical use? This one need not be seriously addressed. Since 1970,14 states have legalized marijuana for medicinal purposes,quite simply because it has medical value - something that has been known throughout human history. Today it is used to reduce pain and nausea for chemotherapy and AIDS patients,and sufferers of glaucoma and multiple sclerosis.   And this isn't just theoretical. Seniors are discovering the medical benefits more and more each year. From 2002-2008,marijuana usage among 55-59 year-olds tripled,from 1.6% to 5.1%. This is not an insignificant statistic upon reflection,because one of the biggest components to the coming narrative battle will be "a fight for civil liberties" versus "lazy twenty-somethings looking for an excuse to get high." If the latter wins out,look for all elected officials who may initially have been supportive of the proposition: they will have run for the hills. As Joe Klein puts it in a 2009 piece for Time: "...the default fate of any politician who publicly considers the legalization of marijuana is to be cast into the outer darkness. Such a person is assumed to be stoned all the time,unworthy of being taken seriously." The increased medicinal usage amongst seniors should demonstrate that responsible marijuana smoking is not only a conceivable practice - but one that already exists.   C. Lack of accepted safety for use? A good time to mention that the legalization of marijuana would incur the regulation of marijuana. Just as we allow other potentially harmful and destructive elements into society and regulate them (here one can include automobiles and pollution),so would be the case with pot. Most,if not all,of the current safety hazards associated with marijuana exist because the substance is illegal and unregulated. Just as alcohol prohibition led to organized crime and poorly-crafted homemade booze (that often led to alcohol poisoning),the continued criminalization of marijuana has led to a massive underground drug trade between southwestern states and Mexico,and the substance itself is not subject to any pharmacological scrutiny. Thus we are unable to monitor potency and purity of the pot that is in circulation.
1	I wouldn't wait a second to ask Zoro if I was CLG.  He has everything they need, synergy with the jungler(thats super important), mechanics, meta champions, and as far as I know he has a pretty good attitude.
0	Very similar to my situation; took over closing shifts at a fast food restaurant 2 days a week, and all my employees were surprised at how hard I worked to make sure they weren't overwhelmed with big nighttime orders, and helped them with their closing duties, because the other closing manager would just sit in the office and play on her phone and not help until it was time for her to cashout and lock the doors.   After they saw the difference they started respecting me and listening to me more. That, and because I try to make sure everyone on my shift is in a good mood, whereas the other manager could care less about crew morale.
1	Ugh, Google is freaking insane with their copyrights, YouTube went off an edge of this a while ago...   And one kinda important thing: You all know what Twitch was made for, right? Video Games. If the video game creator copyrighted their music, guess what? That game is now basically unwatchable on VODs. And considering how if the system picks up ONE bit of copyrighted music, it'll result in a fully muted (commentary? What's that?) VOD for HALF AN HOUR. Overkill, stupid, and overreacting. Okay, it's Google.
1	Overall, I think you have a good idea. But in practical terms, it is unreasonable and difficult to administer. What happens when your entire team votekicks the first pick because he locked a jungler, where there was someone else who wanted to jungle? Problematic to say the least.   And another issue I've noticed: a ton of people do off-meta related things. playing such things as [NAMI JUNGLE]( could be considered trolling, but they could main said thing. sure Nocturne with Clairvoyance and Ghost is pretty troll, but ynow... use clairvoyance to spot enemies to ult from a distance, ghost to keep your fear tether easier...  secret op strats m8
1	The thing I don't understand is why we as a community cripple ourselves when it comes to a better player experience because we always worry about how some players can abuse it. In all honesty, it's really silly the fact that we question ourselves when it comes to great features whether a small percentage will abuse it, and even if they did, I'm sure we could build on that system instead of just contemplating how abused it would be cause right now there is no progress. ( I mean I'm sure riot are doing things behind the scenes)   The way I see it, you miss all the shots you don't take.
0	Pardon, I was using theory in the informal sense. I apologize if that screwed the pooch and altered the context here.   However, there is a pretty significant difference between saying "a have a hypothesis that..." and formally conducting a qualitative or quantitative historical/political science study. I'd like to think it's true, but just because it seems like common sense doesn't necessarily dictate that it holds water, you know? People devote their entire lives to researching heads of government/state and use of military. It's not as simple as  it seems legit, so therefore it is .   I took a quick look after I posted this and couldn't find any formal research on it. But if you or anyone else finds some, please share. I'm actually genuinely interested.
0	Im not opposed to charities advertising, and I agree with a lot of what that ted talk said (hadn't seen that particular one, but have read/heard variants of all the arguments).  I think that if you're looking at an organization with the potential to really change the situation for people, overhead is not a fantastic measure.   But I dont think make a wish fits that bill.  One thing that Pallotta never addresses is cause choice: regardless of advertising and overhead, do I want to be giving to soup kitchens or education?  Malaria or AIDS research?  I would hazard a guess that part of the reason he doesnt go there is that the two causes he has worked with--breast cancer and AIDS--are two of the most disproportionately funded causes out there.   But that is the basis on which I have issues with make a wish--I think that, even taking overhead out of it, they dont accomplish much.  This event may have outrageous fundraising returns, and may even push the 2% towards 3% for some people (though I doubt it--seems more likely that the largest effect will be to substitute one kind of charity for another.  I think the kind of change he's asking for on that front will take a much larger systematic change and be highly nonlinear, but thats just speculation).  But if the cause itself is not as impactful as other causes, then I think it is still a bad humanitarian investment.   I think the issue for me with the way that a lot of people are thinking about this is they realize (correctly) that this stunt raised awareness, but they don't consider what it raised awareness of.  I suspect the number one winner was Make-a-Wish, and if the best thing you can say about them is that they raise awareness and the thing their raising awareness for is themselves, then you're more or less stuck in an infinite loop of not-actually-getting-anything-done.   You can definitely make the argument that leukemia research might benefit.  I would be interested to see number on this (would actually be a really cool study if the data was available, see if leukemia research orgs saw a spike around the event.  Would want data on donations, website visits, and the location of donors).  But I would also like to point out the fact that leukemia is already one of the most survivable forms of cancer, especially for [children--now over 85%](   I actually think that in a lot of ways the Gates Foundation is a good embodiment of what Pallotta is asking for--they pay their people extremely well and hire out of top-notch universities.  They do their own analysis and dont rely on simple numbers to make their decisions.   But most importantly they are interested in the entrepreneurial aspect of charity--betting on risky endeavors.  And a huge part of that is having metrics to understand performance and what the potential performance is.  That allows them to maximize impact.  Some acquaintances are working for them, trying to determine whether schools that are taken over by independent, profit-motivated individuals and organizations do better, and the first part of that project was defining what was meant by do better.
1	If a champion is way stronger than most champions overall when played at her max capacity she is OP whether the player is good with her or not.   Saying that a champion is not OP just because 90% players can't play that champ and utilizing every strength is just stupid. The champion is still unbalanced in tournaments because all the pro players are within the 10% of the people that play that champ to its full potential.
0	I can't help but notice how OP views the problem as a lack of respect for him instead of a lack of respect for his girlfriend's comfort and boundaries. Sexual assault prevention so often becomes more about respecting the guy to whom a woman belongs than about respecting the woman. Because somehow it's easier to be mindful and respectful of another dude's perceived property than the boundaries of a woman, since the later requires recognizing women as a human being.
1	There is something wrong with it, but not with the lore itself, just with the delivery of it. To be clear, the lore only really moves on every champion release, and only for that champion plus 1 or 2 related ones. So when Graves was released, we got a little more info about TF, but not any of the other champions. Overall, this means things like the Freljord battle and similar events are only relevant for about a month, and are never really concluded.
1	I don't think EG is losing because of communication issues.   I think split pushing with a 3-0 Jax yesterday was the right call. I also think getting an early lead and then turning that into ward control over baron to bait it out is also the right call today and yesterday against a Nidalee.   But the reason they lost was because Innox played too timid and because Krepo can't land anything when baiting. He's like 0-6 for point blank hooks + bindings when EG is baiting out baron. Had he landed something, EG could have converted it to a baron and would have made it much easier to close out the game.
0	Americans glorify their military and have no reason to do so, while their military is commiting war crimes and destabilizing conflicts. This behavior indirectly encourages waging war and killing people.   --> The undiplomatic version.   Every soldier is a killer and should be convicted as one.   --> The VERY undiplomatic version   (Downvotes incoming)
0	Oh.  Haven't seen it.   So I'm at the airport the other night waiting for my ride and there's this young couple with baby that had been on my plane. I'd been looking at the guy with his flat-as-an-ironing-board billed hat and thinking, "That guy looks like a douche."   The entire time I stood at the curb waiting he bitched and moaned about his shitty mother-in-law not being there to pick them up  this instant  despite the fact that traffic was plainly horrible and his MIL had called to tell them so.  The guy would not stop bitching about it.
1	you are playing a game with 9 more people, if you annoy them the problem is you, not them.  as i said, there are regulations in the game and those regulations are really simple, my
1	Formatted : ^^sorta   >I've been playing computer games since the first time my older brother taught me how to play starcraft.  I lived in an abusive home until I was 14.  Books and computer games like Starcraft, Diablo, and Warcraft were always my only escape.   >I moved to live in Vegas when I was 14.  My mom is my hero, she saved me from my father and stepmother and she got me into sports so I would develop some social skills and a better self-esteem.  Eventually LoL and working out became the only things that saved me from the brink of depression and self-loathing that was caused by my awful childhood.   >About a year and a half ago, I got in a bad car accident with a drunk driver.  I hit my head and got a bad concussion and my mind hasn't felt as sharp since.  My left wrist, elbow, and shoulder were messed up pretty bad from me trying to soften the impact.  My back was messed up as well.  As a result of this, I was unable to work out.(not sure if it's impacted my gaming abilities)  I lost almost all the strength in my upper and lower body.  Over about a year and a half, countless hours of physical therapy, a short painkiller addiction, and stomach problems from anti-inflammatory pills, I hadn't made much progress to recover.  I went from 195 pounds of mostly muscle to about 160 with a lot of fat that only made me look at myself worse.  On top of that, because the other driver was at fault, my health insurance refused to cover my medical bills.   >I spent all my savings and barely put a dent in my emergency room bills alone.  Without that money, I had to put off finishing college.  (I had been in college since I was 16.) Because of all this, I sunk into a pretty bad depression.  I would try to go running and my back would feel like it had a knife in it after less than a mile and I'd just get angrier.  I'd try to lift weights and wasn't able to even lift what used to be my warmup weight.  Since working out was no longer and option, League of Legends became my main source of distraction from myself.  I started playing more and more and getting better.   >I had watched Trick2G and other streamers for a while and thought how cool it would be to have people that enjoy watching me play this game that I love.  I finally decided to start streaming about a week ago.  I posted on Trick2G's stream that I was live when him, sirhcez, and fatefalls were all offline.  I had maybe 6 or 7 viewers when I did that.  And then about 20 minutes later, I looked at trick's stream to see if he was live, (i keep streams muted when I'm not watching them) and I saw myself on his stream.  In the comments I saw trick2g said "Yo ThorGodofBoom, hosting you now.  Good luck man."  And I turned into purplebeard for a few minutes "oh my gosh trick2g is hosting me!"  And then I had to start a game for my newfound hundreds of viewers.  I was running on like 2 hours of sleep and I didn't play so well, but I don't even care.  Trick and Sirhcez were chatting with each other on MY stream.  I was so nervous and I don't think I've ever been happier.  I told everyone I could think of at the time.  8 hours later, he was about to get on and I got off.  And I just cried because I was so happy.  I haven't had many good things happen to me lately.  And this was probably the best thing I could imagine right now.   >Trick2G didn't have to do this.  I didn't ask for it, or pay him to do it.  He just did it to be nice.  And the fact that he would do that makes me respect him more as a person than I already did.  I've seen him do streams where he takes all the money he got from subscribers and matched it to donate to charity.  I went from 6 followers on my channel to over 70 in one day and 100 views up to over 5k and now I can log in and a few people will start watching me play.  I don't know how many people will read this, but if you haven't seen his stream before, could you go on it right now and tell him he's the best?  If I could get 10 people to just do that, I think I'd feel like I've somehow repayed him for the nice thing he did for someone he doesn't even know.
0	The real problem with ADHD, ADD, and dyslexia are not that they are real problems that many people suffer from, but that a majority of people decide for themselves that they have it and/or are misdiagnosed with it and then they use it as an excuse. I've spent several years tutoring college level students for all levels of math and many of these students I will end up working with for a long time through multiple terms. What I come across more often than I would like are people who clearly have no disorder but use their disorder for excuses as to why they don't do their homework or go to class or study, etc. "I don't go to class because I have ADHD/ADD and I can't focus on the teacher". "I don't take notes because I have dyslexia". "I didn't do my homework because I just couldn't focus on it". These are people whom I've worked with one on one for hours and hours and I've seen them write down a problem, listen to me explain things, do problems on their own, etc. What I see the majority of the time (I'm talking 95% of the students) is that these students are fully capable of doing whatever they put their mind to, but the moment something gets too tough for them, like they don't understand a problem within the first 15 seconds of reading it, is a complete failure to even try and an excuse being made due to their disorder.   I'm sorry to ramble on about this, but I've worked with hundreds of students over the years and a lot of them are medicated for disorders like these and a lot of them are not medicated but diagnosed and it is extremely rare for me to come across a student who appears to actually have a problem. Instead what I see constantly are completely normal people who don't want to put in the effort to learn and fall back on their disorder as an excuse not to try harder.   For example, there was one girl whom I'd worked with for 2 terms. I had seen her weekly and helped her with homework and general questions. I'd heard her read out loud from the textbook, her notes, my notes, etc. One day she tells me she has dyslexia and that's why she has a hard time with the story problems. I didn't say anything to her, but I was thinking: no, you don't have fucking dyslexia, you just have the same problem that almost every single fucking person has, which is a difficulty in interpreting words into math. It's hard for everyone, even me! And the thing that really annoyed me was that I had heard this excuse so many times before when in reality there is absolutely nothing wrong with the person except for the fact that they don't study everyday (more like once a week for most students, or just when they see me).
1	of course it is.   look at Morellonomicon: 2100 gold, 820 from fiendish codex, 600 from idol, and 680 for the recipe.   680 gold for: 50 ap, 50% mana reg and a really good passive.   now let's give a look at frozen mallet: 1025 gold for the recipe... in other words, 1025 gold for 170 hp, 5 ad and a 40%/30% slow which lasts for 1.5 sec.   and don't come up with stuff like "a slow which lasts for 1.5 sec is insane!!!" when  EVERY SINGLE, RECENT CHAMPION HAVE AN IN-BUILT SLOW OR KNOCK .   frozen mallet is an item for those who needs a slow since riot didn't give em one (old champions without 400 things in their kits) or who wants more utility in their kit while still building bulky (gnar?).
0	I worked in sales for a publishing company. Colleges get textbooks at a standard 25% discount. If they spend enough money per year usually around $500,000 they get additional discounts. The schools or bookstores then mark up the books usually more than the 25% discount they received because there are no shipping cost. The "teachers edition" are FREE no cost to the school at all. Not even shipping. I have heard of schools selling these free copies and collecting a 100% profit. As far as charging more for the newest edition, some changes are made but usually not huge changes. However, the professor, department head, or book store choose to make the change to the newest edition. They will say it is to keep the most current information available but it comes down to money. They make more if all students have to buy new books and it protects them from the used book market that they make less money in. Colleges are big businesses that make money on every student. As fucked up ad this is they know students get government loans and they make decisions to make that money. To be fair Colleges and Universities are for the most part non-profit, which really only means they have to uses the most eyes they make inhouse. Trade schools and technical schools for the most profit are FOR PROFIT, and these schools are even shadier. .
0	I've been playing 20 questions with my four-year-old niece. The other day we had it down to a large, dangerous animal that is furry and brown. We guessed everything, naming every animal imaginable until we (her 7-year-old sister and I) said we gave up. The four-year-old said, "I'll give you a hint; Aunt Cloud_watcher has guessed it twice."
0	High school freshman with ADHD here. I have taken medication since 2nd grade and it was not necessary at at all back then. If you go to private schools or want to go to magnet schools (you have to apply to those right? Or do they do the lottery. Have a number of public school friends but none to magnets) then start in 6th or 7th grade. It helps a lot if you need them. If you don't want the child to form a dependency don't give it to them unless they have school. I chose to not take them because I am not my full self on them (more reserved, hardly funny, and boring) so I never liked to take them unless I needed to. Besides what would they need to stay focused on on weekends or summer. I assume it is a common thing to always take them because my doctor asks about it every time I see him. Parents if you do this stop it. They do not need these meds in order to function. I'm sure the kid probably hates it too.
0	Even though my graduation is completely opposite of yours I want to share it with you.   I was told I would not be able to walk across the stage for graduation. My class was small and I was well known by the students and faculty. I was caught puking my brains out in the girls bathroom during the very last dance of the school year. The superintendent decided this was finally the time to enforce the no tolerance rule.   They told my parents and I on a Tuesday, and on Friday 5:30pm day of graduation, my lawyer,parents and I are walking out of the court house on our way to my graduation ceremony. My cap and gown had tape that said "not walking" written on it. My principal who was the one who first told me I couldn't walk across stage (crying btw),was now smiling ear to ear greeted me with a huge hug. My last name began with an A so I was the first person to cross the stage. When they called my name my whole class,along with every one of my friends families were on their feet. It was great!   So why am I telling you this? Despite our graduations being so opposites,I graduated in 2004. That day is now just a funny story to tell and yours will be too. Trust me this won't matter years from now. Just be thankful you graduated,that can be a hard step for some and you should be proud!
0	while i don't agree with OP's sentiment per se, i do agree that the celebrity worship has gotten way the fuck out of hand in our society and exemplifies what's wrong with the occupy movement. steve jobs was a ruthless businessman who directly benefited from all the same bullshit being protested. the dude sold overpriced electronics made by chinese kids in factories. i own a couple apple products, i'll admit it, but i'm not going to buy any new electronics from apple as long as i live. second-hand last-gen smart phones are good enough, and none of the money i spend will go into the pockets of a morally disagreeable company that way.
1	I wouldn't say correlation implies causation here.  Yes, the 6% buff is nice, but as a lot of people have already said, it's not much of a factor until builds round out.  It's not nearly as snowbally as it may seem on paper.   If you're able to get dragon early, however, that's a sign you (and the rest of your team) have a general control over your game, which is more likely to translate to a win in the end.  Not to mention Fiddlesticks is a stupidly strong champion right now who can totally turn a game around with just his ult (hearken back to game 2 of the Worlds semifinal match between Royal Club and OMG where inSec's ults pretty much singlehandedly won an otherwise losing game).
0	Please for the love of god don't bring it up.   Story time: It was sixth grade, my science teacher was my home room, and in home room, we were reading the house of the scorpion or something like that. It was about a clone outcast taking over the person he was cloned from's fortune.  I don't know how the topic was brought up, but the first sentence of the conversation was "now we all know that Santa isn't real, right?" The rest of that conversation was a blur. All I could think about was how my entire world was coming down around me.
1	Here's another thought. I've seen some threads advise others to "make plays" if they want to carry themselves out of such and such Elo/league.   Having a smurf in the bronze league, I see people trying this in every game. This is what I tell my teammates:   Until you hit plat/diamond/challenger whatever fuck tier,  don't  make a play you cannot handle because you're not skilled enough. Accept that you're in bronze/silver/gold whatever fuck tier Elo hell because you're not skilled enough yet to make those crazy dives and over the wall chases pros do and laugh about.
0	Went to PF Chang's once and ordered orange peel shrimp and received beef. Told my waiter and he took it immediately back to the kitchen, nearly instantly a manager appears to apologize, tell me that my proper order will be out as soon as possible and that my meal is now free. As soon as the manager left my table my new food was already there.
0	I made the same mistake.   Around the time the first one came out on DVD, I made the mistake of buying it. So I decided to watch it over one of my various breaks alone at around 1 am in bed on my Xbox with my turtle beach headset. So all the noises jump scares were amplified. Once it ended I had to piss so bad, mind you it's like 3 in the am, so I walk into the hallway. I have to pass my parents room to use the bathroom, and there door was open and my father was sitting on the edge of the bed staring into the hallway not saying a word. I scampered into the bathroom, quickly peed and ran back to bed. Neither of us spoke of it and I nearly pissed myself that night.
0	No matter what someone tries to tell you, women's clothes have changed over time for the purpose of looking better to game the gene pool - accenting curves/legs/etc - a better mate that is attracted makes for better lineage. Men clothes have always been for the purpose of comfort/defense or to be respectfully well presented - all of those being quite unisex traits.   Whether someone subjectively believe it or not, the common man is not "beautiful" especially in the modern day when the gym is more of a health necessity than being fit which is a luxury and a hobby and there's no need to argue otherwise. Even when men do want to express their attractiveness it would be through showing their muscles with tank tops or short sleeves and their outgoing-ness with easy to move in clothing. Simply because those are the traits the majority of women unconsciously or not find attractive.   It's important to not forget that some things we do because "some dude said so" and some because of how we evolved. It's still leftover in our DNA that men are strong to protect their family and women need to be healthy and well built to bear children. This is not something we can make go away by "well, there's no need for these things to exist, we live in modern age". It will slowly go away as our genetic code is programmed that there's no need to be strong when there's no conflict and that not only the healthy women can give birth, but through doctors assistance even those who normally wouldn't be able.
0	Just keep doing what you are doing man. There are a lot of people that see you and think good for that guy for fuck sakes.. and im one of them. You just don't hear from us because we feel like it would be rude to go up to someone and say hey good work im proud of you.
1	No I agree that the difference in mechanical skill between high golds to low diamond is can be minute. Imo there are three types of diamonds:   1) High mechanical skill, stomps lane to diamond   2) Good map awareness/control, takes objectives to diamond   3) Diamonds who can do both and actually climb past diamond 4   Well, I'm just a lowly plat myself and can't climb atm due to school (or maybe I can't because I'm bad. w/e), but I believe this is the case talking with diamond friends and playing with/against them.   Anyways, my point in that post was that bronze players and perhaps silver don't know how to play the game yet generally. For example, to write a good book you also need a decent vocabulary and grammar. Players of all elo can say that have the vocabulary aspect of league down through theorycraft. However, if these players don't know the essentials of laning (grammar in my analogy) such as not taking free harass,  last-hitting,  positioning yourself in lane to react to ganks,  last-hitting,  to understand when to push or b depending on the enemy jungle's position.... Most gold players understand the basics of this in their play, even if not on a cognitive level. This may sound pretentious, but until players generally conceptualize how to play league on this level, I don't think they should worry about being innovative because it won't matter since they can't pull it off. I'm not trying to bash low elo players but I think it's safe to say that they just haven't learned the basics of the game yet.
1	I was Silver I for a long time, even before season 3 I was always just under 1500, never made it in time for season 3. I finally got a winning streak into Gold V and have had a consistently high win rate after that and am now in Gold I, haven't played a ton recently but I win more than half my games in Gold I, I got to gold I in about 4 days after 6 months at silver I/1400-1500. I've been Gold I for a few months neither going up nor down. ELO hell for me was Silver.   |   There is an annoying amount of people in this thread who think the OP  is full of shit because they have 2 accounts that are gold III and they had no problem carrying in Silver I. Some points to consider:     Once OP was out of Silver he got to plat, once I left Silver I shot up to Gold I in a few days. It seems like after breaking out of Silver it becomes easier to carry. So if you personally carried past Silver, even multiple times, that means nothing because statistically one team wins each game, if you are on that team you go up. If you are not below your teams skill level you have at least a 50% chance of winning. In ten games 1 in 1024 people like you will win every game by sheer odds. Some people got lucky shooting up past Silver. Once your past Silver you aren't going to drop back down.     In Silver the biggest problem is one player getting absolutely dominated, not because his lane opponent is better but because he is worse. I'll handily beat your average Silver player in lane, infact I almost always won lane. However I will only occasionally  cream  a Silver player. Going 8 3 9 is from being better than your lane opponent. Going 17 0 15 is from your lane opponent sucking balls or getting counter picked. For the most part I'll win my lane 8 3 9 but another lane will go 17 0 15, the team with that guy wins, the team with the 0 17 2 loses, regardless of the other lanes.     So be that guy? I'm not Diamond I, I can't absolutely dominate a player to that extent in every game, if the player has a good pick and is scared shitless I'll mostly only reasonably dominate him.     A gold one player knows how to ward, and when to do dragon and how to focus objectives properly, none of these things is possible without your team. Not doing these things will hinder a Gold I team, knowing about them will not help a Silver I team if they won't help you.     Certain roles and play styles lend themselves to carrying. An excellent jungler or roaming mid does better than a support or farmey top for carrying. A good support can't carry a bad adc. However put that support in Gold I and he might actually start carrying because his ADC is good and not sabotaging himself and then the supports skills can affect the game. Put that jungler who's aggressive ganks (or simple knowledge of how to wall jump past wards) lets him carry Silver I games into Gold I and he might start losing because the players know his game and it won't work.       Basically there are carrying skills and teamskills :     Dueling, ganking, CSing, mechanics are carrying skills     Warding, objectives, builds, meta, counter picking, trading, communication, map awareness (for others), are team skills       A player has various levels of skill in these things that might add up to a Gold I player or a Silver I player, or whatever, but your skill distribution is only Gold I in Gold I. A brilliant team player doesn't rise well (nor fall out of a division he doesn't deserve to be in quickly). Hardcore carrier players rise and fall quickly out of divisions they don't deserve to be in.   |
0	The black guy who talks about how we all want to be Marco fucking Polo in the bedroom (go where no one has ever gone before) really struck me. We have these stupid conflicting fantasies of someone who is sexually confident yet innocent. The fact that your last boyfriend did dirty things to you doesn't affect our sex, and more importantly, doesn't affect our relationship.
1	Do not play champions you aren't familiar with because "they aren't banned" or "but they're a counter to  __ ". Don't treat it any different from how you would any normal game you wanted to win, and don't assume your opponents are any better than you are until they've proven it.
0	While Ontario does have the largest GDP of any province (674,485 million as of 2012), Alberta has the highest GDP per capita (80,516 as of 2012) which is roughly 160% of Ontario's (49,940 as of 2012)   (If I am wrong I am terribly sorry, I have just looked this up and my information may be flawed  source:
1	Oh come on! Give the man a break! I'm no ocelote fan, neither a pro but I can find myself raging sometimes because I may had a fight, a bad day or well I'm just plain mad at the game. I'm quite sure most of the people playing have raged once in a game.   Also, raging doesn't mean someone is a bad person or anything -- it just shows emotions and that's a way to handle overwhelming emotions, maybe not the best one but yes, you can see where I am going with this.
0	It wasn't so much the war but rather poor understanding of food-borne illness and proper ways to handle food. The war which I'm assuming you mean WW2, propelled biological research and that continues through the cold war into today. This led to a change in thinking about how we handle and cook our food. Let's say for instance in the past they knew that rare meat got you sick and that it was somehow related to bacteria, So the official safe guideline was cook it all the way through. Later on someone figured out that If you kept meat cold before you ate it there would be less existing bacteria to start with and cooking 80% of steak would still maintain it at a safe level. The official safe temperature is lowered but med-well to well is not a vast enough change to cause anyone to change their ways. It wasn't until years of research and emergence of newer generations to adopt the practice. This was also spurred on by the advent of Americas large super-corporations and their test kitchens. Companies like Hormel and Kraft put millions into finding out exactly how to keep their meat from spoiling for the longest possible time. This combined with the food distribution infrastructure created by those corporations led to the widespread availability and affordability of quality time/temperature controlled meats. Organizations like the Pork Council spent millions on education to boost sales of pork since you can eat some cuts medium rare with about the same risks as eating a med-rare cut of beef.
0	Ready for this?   Easiest explanation (for why we STILL use it) is that it is about estimation (or fractions vs decimals).   It's not about the units in particular anymore, although they are pretty nice. Foot is about a shoe length, 1/2 a foot (6 inches) is about a hand span, 1 yard (like a meter) is about an arm length or a pace length. 100 mph is about top speed for most cars and is generally considered "really fast" by most girlfriends.  100 degrees F is "really hot outside", 0 degrees F is "really cold outside". But let's stick to distances.   I use the estimate-12-inches-by-pacing-toe-to-toe-with-shoes-on technique almost biweekly. (Ha, get it? It's funny because there are two opposing meanings to the word biweekly? No? Ok.)   It is far easier for a human to somewhat accurately estimate 1/2 or 1/4 or 1/8 visually than, say 2/5 or 7/10. (This goes for fluid measurements as well, perhaps even more so.) Into how many slices do you cut your pizza? Try feeding a hand sliced 10-slice pizza to 10 very hungry college students and see if anyone is quick to grab the biggest piece.   The foot is an arbitrary, small length. As an American, I don't really care about the exact length of the foot (and haven't met anyone who does). I'm sure someone did at some point in the past. I just care about the fact that it is divided into 12 parts.   12 is a really neat number. It has divisors 6, 4, 3, 2, and of course 12 and 1. This has handy implications far too numerous to list here. It's also sublime (look that up, it's useful, but probably too much brain-overload for this crowd I suspect). This seems like a good place to note that an Architect often deals with scales (take a look at an American architect's ruler). Having so many different divisors, it's easy to find a scale that will make your printout fit on the piece of paper.   10 is a neat number too. I'll give you that. It's easy because you have 10 digits (the flesh and bone kind) and are used to base 10. That's one of its best selling points.   (BTW, are you guys on the argue-about-the-fact-that-we-use-the-12-month-calendar-instead-of-the-10-month-calendar committee, too?)   But to set the record straight, I was taught "metric" and "standard" units side-by-side since 1st grade all the way through college, and I'm sure that is the norm. People who don't enter into sciences or engineering just stop caring about metric at some point. It's not ALL that useful (as you guys tend to tout that it is) outside of science, really, if you think about it. Or at least try to imagine living with fractions.   Any time you want to estimate? Fractions. (e.g. architecture, drawing, moving furniture, estimating vehicle sizes , etc.) Do you really need to measure a wall down to the millimeter? Is decimeter (come on, how many of you use the decimeter?) or even centimeter resolution adequate? Probably not. That's a noticeable error. It's the same argument about "why do americans still like pennies? Why don't they just get rid of the 1's unit? and upgrade to quarters only?" The thing about distances is there is no inflation. A unit is either too big or adequate. That's the whole idea behind units in the first place!!! I digress.   Any time you want to design something really precise or talk about quantum sizes? Sure. Metric. I don't need to know the fraction-of-an-inch equivalent to 1 angstrom. Nor do I care. Scientists and engineers usually care more about (measuring) really big stuff or really little stuff than the general public does. Base 10. Powers of 10. Voila. Scientific notation.   Computers? Base 2. Different ball game. I won't get into that. I will caveat that though with the fact that my license plate is 1O1O1O1. (And I've had it for years, Randall. Cops do know it, but I laugh my butt off each time they tell me nothing came back in their database search! ;)   Mechanics bolt sizes? Usually fractions. unless you can't find the right wrench, then you use the closest metric one that will fit but not strip it, or if you're working on your bike, because yeah.   Ammunition sizes? mm because they are a good good unit to compare to each other. "My gun shoots bigger bullets than your gun."   Wood beams? Fractions because of above argument   Contact lenses? mm because of relative size of the mm to eyeball standard-of-eyeball-error   Distance to Mars? who cares. not 99% of the population.   Machinist? 1000th of an inch works. So does metric.   iPhone and Android phone screen sizes? Decimal inches??? huh? Whatever.   In conclusion, I would hypothesize that Americans on average are better at computing fractions in your head than than the rest of the relevant countries in question are. Anyone want to look that up? I'm too apathetic to care much more about this topic.   I hope this puts to rest this silly argument.
1	Usually buffs are an aura or something around the hands and debuffs are easily spotted. Examples: Stun has the swirl, Silence has the speech bubble, slow has a yellow trail.   Exhaust used to look like a birdcage which I admit looked kinda weird but it was better than the new one.   When you're being buffed, ur either running away or engaging. Since you have that one goal, you don't need to focus on what's being thrown at you, because you're winning, you only gave the intention to stop or give up if the target is far away or you get bursted down.   When you're being debuffed, you need to see it so you can tell if you're going to kill, run , bait, kite, or die. If you can't see a debuff easily, its harder to run or fight. You need to see buffs and debufds clearly to see the outcome of a fight, chase, or disengage.
0	Maybe the tix were what op wanted and his chick didn't give a fuck bout them .  Maybe op is a cheap fuck who never did anything with said chick and the only thing he ever did with her was over spend at the thing he wanted to do most .
0	I know it seems really silly to us, but clearly when you get that much Internet fame and you have an image to maintain and hold up, apparently it becomes very important to you to make sure that your posts are always agreed with and that your image isn't tarnished.   I mean, given the context, the results of that were pretty hilarious, but still some part of me can kind of understand why he did it... He just let Reddit fame change, as most fame does to a person.
1	I first played Malzahar and that was some time after he had been released apparently. I ended up building mejay's soulstealer and I started calling him a pancake man cause you could trap people on top of the void (w). I really liked the champ back then. It was nice to get started with him.
0	From what I can tell it's a bit of a rubber band effect. They've had to act manly and "straight" all their lives, so especially when someone is fresh out of the closet, their personality "snaps" free, and goes all the way to the other side as a sort of defense mechanism. They don't want to be seen as straight anymore so they act like this so everyone can be goddamn sure they're not. And, again especially if you're a teenager, you'll find yourself making gay friends as well, and these gay friends will probably reinforce this idea of what a gay person should look and act like to each other.   I agree, it's an annoying cultural thing, but I have a certain understand for it, and I've noticed that most gay people I know grew out of it in their twenties, as they become more secure in their own sexuality. Most of them retain small qualities and quirks from that time, but that's the same way I still retain small tokens and ways of speech from my time as a punker. I might've grown out of it but it's still a part of me.
0	When I was in the Navy we would go to all these awesome places. We would talk for the months we were at sea about the awesome food we would eat when we would hit port. Ship food is the worst. So when we would get where ever we were going; Spain, Italy, Greece, etc etc, all I could think about was going find different local establishments. But there is always that one asshole in the group who will only eat McDonalds.   We were in Portugal and I found this one place off the beaten path. The owner was super excited to have a bunch of Americans in. So we look at the menu and none of us can really read it, so he tells us he's just going to bring out a bit of everything. The food starts flowing and it is amazing. Dish after dish of local Portuguese food. I didn't and still don't know half of what I was eating, but it was super good. The owner was just taking great care of us. It was an awesome experience. One of the absolute best meals ive ever had. About 20 min in to the meal this 40 year old first class is pretty drunk and starts bitching that there isn't a cheeseburger on the menu and how that's the only thing he would eat. He keeps asking the owner to make him one. And just being a dick. I finally had enough and stepped way out of my rank and blew up on the guy. I basically made him go wait outside. Every time I hear people bitch about Americans over seas I think of this guy.   Fuck you HT1 Martin.
1	If you are playing support and you are noticing someone in another lane having a hard time.  Don't give them grief for it.  Seriously, If your mid lane is going 0/5/1 don't say "Wow this mid," in all chat. If you really want to help them, go up river and ward their lane for them (if you have the chance), give them tips on how to counter the champ they are going up against, advise them on a good build and give them advice on build orders, tell/ping for them to be careful if you see the enemy jungler coming up/down river and they aren't reacting, try and win your lane asap and go mid to help them out, ask your jungler to gank them more often. If none of this works then you really can't do anything about it, you've tried your hardest to help them and they haven't done anything with your advice.
1	Hard to predict to be fair. Let's get started tho.   1st round   TSM 2 - 0 mMe Ferus. I can't see TSM losing to mMe, they're simply a better team. I think if oRb won the tiebreaker, this game would've been really interesting, but still, anything can happen, especially in single elim.   Crs 2 - 0 TSM.Evo. TSM.Evo's been in a big slump recently, while Crs comes from 2 top 3 placements (IPL Face Off and MLG Raleigh). MLG Controversy aside, Crs looked really good at MLG Raleigh, whereas TSM.Evo did not.   CLG.Prime 2 - 0 LgN. I think LgN shocked a lot of people with their 3rd place finish at Face Off, but then again their performance at MLG Raleigh wasn't so great. I think LgN is a good team, but CLG.Prime has more experience and overall better players.   Dig 1 - 2 Dynamic. Probably THE best game of the quarter finals. To think one of these extremely good teams is not going to get past the first round is kinda sad (just like Fnatic vs Crs.EU at the EU regionals). This one's hard to predict given what happened at MLG Raleigh, with Dynamic 2-0'ing Dig, followed by Dig 2-0'ing them back. Overall I think dynamic* has the best shot in this.   2nd round   TSM 2 - 1 Crs. Regardless of their 0-3 loss against TSM at Face Off, Crs has been looking pretty good in recent tourneys (only team to take a game from Blaze at Summer Arena, 2nd at Face Off, "1st" at Raleigh). With that being said, I believe Crs will give TSM some trouble, but not enough, making it a 2-1 win for TSM.   CLG.Prime 2 - 0 Dynamic. The little we've seen from CLG.NA in korea has been disappointing, but they're still a better team than Dynamic overall. At IPL4, when Dynamic surprised everyone by taking a game off Dig, beating aAa and Crs, CLG.Prime beat them without much trouble both games. They've also beat them at GESL. Yes, those tournaments were a while ago, but shows that CLG has been consistently better than Dynamic and I don't believe things will change in this one.   3rd place game   Crs 2 - 1 Dynamic. Another very close set. I believe Crs as a whole is better than Dynamic and that will probably be the deciding factor in this match. Crs actually lost to Dynamic at MLG Anaheim, but since then the team has grown a lot, and I think it's enough for them to beat Dynamic, but it doesn't mean Dynamic won't make them work for their 3rd place finish.   Grand Final   TSM 2 - 1 CLG.Prime   Oh here it is. Probably the greatest rivalry after CLG.EU vs M5 in competitive LoL. CLG.Prime seems to be able to take a set from TSM in each finals, but loses 2-1 in the next one, coming from the lower bracket each time. Their last few games have been interesting, here (going a long time back):     IEM Cologne: CLG 2 - 1 TSM    IPL 3: CLG 2 - 0 TSM (for 3rd place)   IPL 4: CLG 2- 0 TSM; CLG 0 - 2 TSM (2 sets as CLG came from the lower bracket);   GESL: CLG 1 - 2 TSM (semi finals)   MLG Anaheim: CLG 2 - 1 TSM; CLG 1 -2 TSM (2 sets as CLG came from lower bracket).     You can't count CLG out on this one just because they've been losing series vs TSM in tournaments. If you count each win, you get:   10 wins for CLG 8 wins for TSM.   Now, given CLG seems to win the first bo3 every time, that could be an advantage here, as it is single elim, but TSM has been showing really good performances in every tournament recently. This is probably gonna be the closest set out of the whole series. In the end, I have to give it to TSM. Ever since CLG has been in Korea, they've been showing rather poor performance, although a lot is unseen, we'll just have to wait and see.
1	WARNING , very long post incoming.   >It significantly increases your waveclear. Arguably this is a "pointless" thing since Zed already has good wave clear, but now it's even better.   By the point you get a completed Hydra in a normal laning phase, you will already instagib waves with your W-E-Q-Combo. Better than instant is impossible and it does only arguably increase your speed at for example Wraiths.   >The item gives you 50 extra AD which increases your poke rather significantly. Your standard W->E->Q poke will get 115 extra damage out of it, and each of your simple Q's will get 50 extra damage. This is very big for Zed's laning power. Better yet, this 50 extra AD scales off of your W %AD increase, obviously.   Almost the same goes for the newly coming BT (5 AD more.)   >Hydra is, and has been by far the best choice for Zed for a very long time now. There's several advantages to it, and the only real drawback is that you lose the slow from the BotRK active.   >People keep going for the BotRK because they're used to it and they overvalue the BotRK active. You don't really need the slow in most scenarios since you still have your W to gapclose if they get away.   Sorry, completely wrong. If people were aiming for damage alone, they would have gotten "used" to the (not changed) BT. 25 AD more and more lifesteal once fully stacked speak a clear language. What makes BoRK so potent is:     The push pressure. By instagibbing waves and having 40% Attackspeed in a rush item, once laning phase is over Zed becomes a big threat for towers midgame, because he can shove his untouched wave to the tower and kill it in two waves, while being able to oneshot any squishy waveclear champ that comes to stop him. BoRK made him the midgame tryndamere.     The slow and more important: The Speedup. In this meta, mobility is king, and without the catch potential, you are screwed. This is also the reason why people started building Ghostblade instead of Black Cleaver on Zed and Riven. Black Cleaver is favorable damagewise, but having a double speedup while slowing the enemy is a decent compensation for the missilespeed reduction on W and makes you sticky in the 3 seconds you have to proc deathmark.       > BotRK active hits for 15% of your targets max HP. Around mid-game, how much HP will your target generally have? 1500 would be a fairly even number to pull out here. 15% out of that is 225 damage. So, for Hydra to be stronger than BotRK active damage wise, you need to have 225 AD, and well, that's super easy.   Mathematically correct, technically wrong. Hydras active has 2 big flaws.     While it resets your Autoattack animation, it is dependant on it so you have to break one Auto for procing Hydra. Bork is instant and doesn't impair anything.     Hydras Damage decreases towards the edge, down to 20%. lets take meta midlanes now: LeBlanc, Nidalee, Yasuo, arguably Kha Zix, Ziggs. They all have dashes that are ready when you reach them, which means if you are lucky you get them mid air with your Hydra active. That would be 55% of the damage which reduces it dramatically. BorK guarantees the hit and guarantees the full proc in Death Mark.       > Then on top of this you'll be getting an extra 57.5 AD for your spells because of the Hydra + %AD increases. This means that your full combo of R>Q>E>W>E and say 3 auto attacks, will gain an extra of 500 damage for your full combo BEFORE HYDRA ACTIVE.   as mentioned before, same goes for the new (and even more the old) BT.   >R proc itself gives 57.5 since the ult gives the 100(.....)   Bla Bla blub bla bla new and old BT bla bla bla   >Then of course you get the Hydra proc, which scales off of all the other AD items you get so your active damage goes up by over a hundred damage as stated before.   As stated before, nope. Also, since it uses the cast animation, you cannot just add it to the damage like BorK since Bork is instant and doesn't shrink your 3 seconds time window.   >Not many people seem to think about this, but 50 AD is a massive fuckton when you add up all the spells and attacks, as seen here.   I won't say it a 4th time.   >In a full item build scenario Hydra will probably win BotRK by about 1000 damage, since while BotRK active and on-hit proc will scale off of your targets HP and your targets usually don't build HP, the Hydra active scales off of items you have which makes the item way easier to get damage out of.   Now this pisses me off quite hard. 1000 damage is in so far unreal as that you go by 0 Armor of the enemy. given that only 50 armor decreases damage dealt by you by 50%, even if we use your numbers it would be only around 500. Then, Hydra active for the 9001th time requires you to stand in your enemy to deal full damage. Your targets don't usually build HP? Scaling HP seals are meta right now, increasing health at level 18 by 216 HP. And depending on the team, midlaners rarely build GA as a defensive item now, they build either Banshees or Randuins, which increases their health again. Midlaners these days are quite tanky, compared to what you encountered in the assasin meta. Also, you never ever mention that Hydra has +50 AD, but also -40% Attackspeed. the more AD you have, the more Attackspeed will bring. especcialy with Zeds passive, you get a good chunk of AD for free, which makes it hella effective if you can build a useful Attackspeed Item. It also heavily matters in his combo since he'll be able to do one more Autohit, eventually procing his passive and taking a bonus chunk of their HP away.   >Especially with the upcoming changes to items like Mercurial Scimitar and BT which make them more desirable items for your last slots, your total AD amount should see a rather significant increase from the past which only makes Hydra even stronger!   Ergh. Lifesteal is after spellvamp the most expensive stat to buy which makes double lifesteal rather unattractive. Overthat, Zed needs defense/utility against the bruisers and supports he encounters. Its fine that you have 6 items and 517 AD, you'll get one Morgana binding and you're fucked. You won't finish a game just by trying to catch squishy people offguard, and if you can't at least escape a sticky bruiser like shyvana, you're wrong in this meta. The few Zeds I see right now normally build double defense (like Thornmail Banshees, Randuins Banshees, sometimes even Frozen Mallet GA) or a offense defense split item and a defensive item (Scimitar and defense, Hexdrinker a lot). A finished build now looks something across the lines of Bork-Ghostblade-Lucidity Boots(or whatever you prefer)-LW-Thornmail-Banshees. So we will definitely see more scimitars on Zed, but BT is unlikely as doubled item.
1	Not sure why all this drama about ~80 ping difference. I've played at 8-10 ping and at 80 -150 ping and there is no major difference. The only time say it's unplayable is +250 because you actually get a delay there but at 100-150 the delay is sooo small, it isn't noticeable by most persons.
1	Well from what I know there has not been any 100% confirmation that KR only gets three spots. Like we know they will get one more spot than other regions and most people seem to think that means 3 (others getting 2) but form looking over Leaguepedia and the Lolesports site there isn't any official information on the structure for Worlds.   It doesn't seem that far fetched that it could be China, NA, EU, and SEA get 3 teams and KR gets 4. That gives 16 teams - if its the other way (2 + 3 for KR) its a total of 11 teams which seems a little off.   As far as I know the only regions that can qualify for Worlds are those 5 since those are the only five official Riot leagues.   Also for KR specifically, MonteCristo said on stream that there will be a tournament after OGN Summer to decide the spots. His explanation was the #1 team in points will automatically qualify and after that the points will just determine seeding/BYE's for the Worlds Qualifier tourney. This may still be subject to change though
1	Whoops. Well here's what I'd recommend. Play less ARAM and more jungle. Since you seem to want to jungle, pick three champions that you like to jungle and starting jungling those champs in every normal game you can. Give it a week or two, then roll back around to ranked.
0	I'm struggling with this, all through uni I would procrastinate and put things off and it made me feel so shitty about myself. I managed to graduate and I moved into a flat with my boyfriend, working full time and had a kitten, things were looking up. In January I found out he had been lying to me about everything, lost my job, lost the flat and were now seperated. Everything is in my name and it turns out nothing was ever paid. I'm being chased for money I don't have because I'm on unemployment. My parents blamed me for fucking up and are calling me lazy and disgusting. There's nothing I can do. I've gotten fat and I'm covered in stretch marks. I wanted to go to the gym and work out but I have no money, I'm trying to walk places and see people but I usually end up sat on my own in my room on reddit or pinterest or twitter.   Sorry about the wall of text, feeling like shit tonight.
1	You can probably get reported and eventually banned, yes. The difference between your roaming/tournament example is that during a competition the entire team is in communication. In Solo Q, picking an AP carry after someone has locked in a heavily farm-dependent character for the lane is a rather different situation altogether.   That said, kill lanes are entirely viable, but cooperation is pretty important when setting that up. Cassio/standard AD carry is a very poor lane in that respect. You'd want bruisers or something of that nature.   If I got a report in the tribunal from several teammates who said you didn't communicate in champion select, then picked a character who is subpar for supporting, roaming w/o much farm, and participating in a kill lane, I would probably conclude that you didn't care about your team at all, just wanted to play Cassio, and intentionally screwed everyone over.
1	Alright. Let's see if i can run through this.   We'll start with his Passive.   He simply speeds himself up in time, and slows the target. Standard world time is unaffected. This can basically be him using "Magic Science" to transfer his own mass to the target, increasing his own potential velocity, and reducing the targets.   However, time dilation could be used, if it was, he just slows everything relative to him, and speeds everything up relative to the target.   Now his Q.   Interstellar uses black holes as their movie magic. An actual black hole would be unforgiving, entering the event horizon would be the end of it. Therefore, you would be unable to contain in an object a force equivalent to a black hole. A black hole small enough be contained would evaporate before containment.   [Here]( is the math for the black hole evaporation rates. Not assuming a black hole is used, a contained super massive object could be used. The intense gravity would dilate time around it, creating a slowing field. However, you could not shut it off, so it would always dilate time. Not to mention being super massive.   Parallel convergence   This one is a bit insane... but the way this one would have to work, is that 2 parallel universes converged at the point in time which this skill is activated. The activation does not cause the convergence, the convergence causes the activation. Welcome to string theory.   As for the slow, mumbo jumbo, gravity, time dilation, etc etc. The stun could be a type of feedback cause by a paradox style interaction between the convergence and the current universe' anchor(the z drive). In game we see the target halted, and just idle. This could be their whole synapse getting shocked or disabled, or they could just get extremely disoriented for a moment.   The shield can be considered a fail safe built into the z-drive to prevent damage when such events occur.   Now for Phase Dive   This is a simple dash. 2 explanations that are easy/fun.   He then accelerates to insane speeds, almost instantly. Roughly 250mph/400kph   Or the second part would be continuity tampering. The dash happened, but by changing the outcome without affecting the action taking place would change the end location of the dash, resulting in a teleport like occurrence for anyone observing the instance. The range limitation is just the fudge factor available to the z-drive. This is straight bs, and would require 6th dimensional movement. But it's a really fun explanation.   Chronoshift   This one is kind of easy, if you consider that the z-drive has multi dimensional movement. Else, it's acceleration based. We'll do acceleration first.   We will also ignore the after image, as this is for clarity, and has no actual effect.   Ekko uses the z-drive to not only drop his mass, but then accelerate to almost light speed, stopping time from his perspective, reapplying his mass when he has reached a point  prior to the activation of the drive. 4 seconds is a nice spot. This would appear as a teleportation, and the drop from that speed would create a discharge that could damage people.   For the fun one, using dimesions. Ekko activates the z-drive to step out of time, he spends a tad in an alternate time period, healing some of his wounds, then steps back into the current time period to a location he was at 4 seconds prior, discharging the energy used to move him.   Post  Most of this would be impossible. Fundamental forces would kill Ekko if any of this ever happened. Using magic is the only way to explain any of it, and at that point, letting the Z-drive actually manipulate points in time would be the best explanation. Rifts could be used, selective control effects in an area, and shifts in continuity are not that difficult. Let's face it, Ekko has a portable tardis, an 11th dimensional machine.
0	Yes, this is absolutely true and for a few other mental issues also. I have three kids, also all with the same man who I'm divorced from now. Being married to someone with legitimate, real mental issues is a horrible thing to deal with. If nothing else, just keeping up on them taking their meds and their appointments is incredibly difficult. He was fine art first, seemed amazingly stable. He had a good job, we had kids and then started having issues in his late 20's. I stayed and did what I could for as long as I could. It got to the point it was becoming an issue with the kids displaying some of the bad behavior that the meds just couldn't erase though. I felt like it was important for them to have a different life and I was afraid I was becoming a worse parent for having to deal with the stress. I know there are many who stay and make it work, but I just couldn't manage it myself. I certainly don't feel like I deserve any kind of a gold star. I could be a helluva lot better parent and there are a lot of my friends that are in a lot worse situation than I've ever been in.
1	That actually doesn't really make sense, every time someone wins a lane someone else loses it. If everyone has won their lane the game was pretty unbalanced and a stomp. Normally someone will lose their lane, and if it's not you, it's your job to carry them. If it's you, it's your job to help your team carring you as good as possible.   Or to say it different: If you assume that you're the best on your team, that means there will be someone equal good on the enemy team (Matchmaking), and if he isn't laning against you, he will probably win his lane. Which means that one role should be undecided, which means that you can influence it (depending on you and his role) to make him win the lane. With two won lanes, teamfighting gets much easier.
1	Think of it like this: If a team underperforms and then in a game plays more-less good and goes even (At least for the 1st period), they're gonna praise them for doing something good (Not trashing TSM), and when a team that has been doing extremely good underperforms, they're going to point out what they did wrong, whilst assuming that everyone knows they are really good.
1	idk if it'a been said or not yet, but i was just in a game where i was blitz laning with lulu. i pulled .5 seconds before she ply'd and the pull was stopped half way through.
0	While I'm sure this sentiment has been well established through the comments I'm going to address it anyway.   How does drug addiction start? Its a long process and differs in the details for most all addicts... It's a slow process, and can take a long time for you to develop the chemical dependency. In my experience it starts young, teenagers are impressionable and cave easily to peer pressure. Think of being thirteen years old, shy and feeling like an outsider to most of your peer group, you don't have a group of real friends, and you spend most evenings and weekends alone, playing video games, wondering why everyone else is able to make friends, but you aren't.  You move to high school, things get shaken up and the social groups that existed before have shifted, you meet new people from other schools and start to feel accepted. You get invited to a party for the first time, and have no idea what to expect. You arrive at the party and feel welcomed, you are new, people want to be around you, and you want to be around them. Suddenly someone offers you a bottle, you can't say no, you don't want to go back to being alone, you don't want to lose this feeling. You take that drink, you feel alive. You never want this feeling to go away.  Next party, you're offered a bowl, you know drugs are bad so you say no thanks. Even though you know you made the right choice you start to feel like an outsider again. The others at the party don't make a big deal about you saying no, but everyone else is heading into the bathroom to hit the bowl. What the hell, why not? One puff wont kill me, I want to be included. You go along into the bathroom, you sit out the first round, but its coming back your way, you want that feeling of being accepted back, of feeling wanted and important, you somehow think that hitting the bowl will make that better. You grab the pipe, inhale... hold it... exhale... The group seems excited that you decided to join in, buddy beside you slaps you on the back and says "Welcome to the dark side..." That feeling comes back, like a warm blanket, you belong. It keeps getting easier and easier to not say no, and it keeps getting harder and harder to let go of that feeling. As you grow older new drugs are introduced, it seems like everyone else is doing it, so it can't be that bad... Maybe all this addiction stuff won't affect me? I come from a good family... It will never happen to me...   Forward to years of trying to get that feeling of acceptance back. Each time you sniff a line or hit that pipe you hope it will come back... But each time it doesn't, you think maybe that one wasn't enough, if I do a bigger line, a bigger rock, maybe it will come back...   You're alone, you haven't talked to your family in months, those friends you had, well they grew up and moved on, went to college, got jobs, got married... But not you, you couldn't let go, something was holding on to you, something wouldn't let go of you.   Eventually you have nothing, you have no one... You take solace in the fact that you can still escape through drugs...   Addiction is so misunderstood. It's a gradual process, and it's so much more than just the substance.  People congratulate addicts on sobriety because its a hard thing to overcome. Addicts don't congratulate other addicts on periods of sobriety, addicts know that can be taken away at any time.  It's not a matter of intellect, it's not a matter of willpower. Stop stigmatizing addiction, we take full responsibility for our addictions, you will never hear a recovering addict blame someone else for their addiction.
1	I reviewed your nominations and disagreed, it's simply a matter of opinion. Here's how I see it then, Skarner can move fast with his W, which he can spam with his passive, so I think it's better than Vaynes. He can spam his Q in a fight putting your opponent in slow lock, Id imagine it causes more damage than Jarvans passive and stuns better than gangplanks. Being able to use the E for sustain jungling heals him better than morg and her passive won't let you use your ult over and over. And in order to use TF's passive, you have to play him, a bottom tier ranged AD carry, FUN. sorry if none of this makes sense, it's quite late, and I'm pretty tired.
0	I hit my data cap after watching 3 friggin YouTube videos... each 6-7 minutes long, and I was watching at whatever resolution iPhone 4 has..   Called Bell royalty/retention department, made some threats to move to Wind, and mother f*ckers immediately added 500MB and 500minutes.   Happy ending? NOOO, stories with telcos never end happily. They ended up charging me for some random shit that they never told me about.
1	Tanks need to have something to make the enemies stop attacking the allies they're tanking for. That's the definition of a tank. They can have CC (prevent them from attacking altogether), lots of damage (so that they have to be taken care of, or else the carries die), or some kind of team-boosting ability (like Maokai's ultimate).   If you don't have any of those, you're not really a tank by class; you're simply running so far ahead of your team that the opponents would be stupid not to attack you.   A tank like Cho'Gath has a decent amount of CC, but one of them is unreliable and the other isn't a hard disable. If he didn't have high damage (Vorpal Spikes and Feast), he'd have to be loaded with more CC to be an effective tank. Having a metric shittonne of CC on one champion is very hard to balance (think Cho with 3+ CCs ganking your lane with any other CC to assist him: guaranteed death), so it's better to give tanks some decent damage (Poison Trail, Ground Slam, Despair, etc.) instead of loading them up with damage.   Most of the damage, naturally, is going to be base. AD or AP ratios on a tank don't mean much, as they rarely have AD or AP in a significant amount.   Additionally, this lets tanks be viable junglers and laners. If Cho were full-blown CC, he'd be unable to jungle (no damage to clear) or lane (can be bullied around by anybody), forcing him to either roam or be support. An example of this would be Leona.
0	Rare serious comment :) Reddit's CEO actually has a really inspiring Quora answer about the relation of money and happiness.
1	I can't wait to see what the picks are. I know Quantic generally has a deep champion pool and I'm pretty sure coL is gonna bust out some new picks (also I have no cue what Chuuper will play)   I think coL's comp will rely on Nickwu and Chuuper's picks (Nick seems way more comfortable on Rumble and Zed than anyone else, but he can probably bust something new out). If he gets Rumble we'll probably see J4 and/or Amumu with MF/Varus and Sona/Thresh for dat teamfight.   If he gets Zed (unlikely) I don't think it forces coL's hand on the rest of the comp so it'll depend on if Chuuper will play teamfight carries like MF and Varus or someone safe liek Ezreal or Cait. I don't see him pulling out Vayne or Draven because it doesn't fit their style. Maybe a twitch?   If he gets Jayce we might see Janna or Ziggs again from Pr0lly for a poke comp, which means Laute might play Cho and Cait/Ez in bot lane   I have no clue what kind of comps Quantic wants. BalIs can play everything from Rumble to Khazix to Jayce, I've seen Meteos do well on teamfight junglers like Nasus and heavy gankers like Hecarim. Hai plays heavy farm carries (Anivia), heavy roamers (TF Lux) and Assassins (Zed  Khazix). Lemon might pull a daydreamin and show off his god hand with a Blitz or a Thresh pick (his sona play against TAP was /okay/, not demonstrative of his skill) and Castro can play pretty much anything.
0	Well of course if you don't know anything you're going to have a hard time, what I'm saying is that it's stupid to expect someone to know  everything . Part of "finding necessary knowledge efficiently" is having enough background knowledge to know where to look and what to look for.   The time for wrote memorization is elementary school when you get a very simple background of knowledge in everything. By the time you're in college (and one could probably argue most of highschool as well) you should be learning how to apply concepts and synthesize data to find solutions. Out of school, as someone develops experience, is when they ought to learn the bulk of their practical knowledge, it's simply not feasible to teach people everything they could ever possibly need to know.   For example, when I was in elementary school I learned that corroded metal was weaker than regular metal, when I was in highschool I learned that metals get their strength from a sea of electrons, when I was in college I learned that certain metal combinations, such as iron and aluminum, exchange ions leading to corrosion, and when I got my first job I learned that helicoils are little strips of metal that allow an aluminum part to be fastened with steel fasteners with neither corroding. I think it's perfectly reasonable to google "what is a helicoil?". I'd be fired if my boss caught me googling "is corrosion bad?".
1	yeah i know what your saying. im in bronze (not qq'ing, i realize my mechanics are completely trash) and whenever someone rages at me for leaving, for example, amumu open and the enemy team picks him, part of my soul just dies. personally, i think that statistics should be more a factor in solo que than it is at the moment, tornies, first of all are played at a completely different level AND with ridiculous synergy (at least compared with solo que and anything i will experience for myself)
1	Just a couple things to add or change:   I like what you said about making a pro scene out of dominion and 3v3, but this needs to start with at the very least implementing ranked dominions like riot has been talking about doing for a long time now.   Secondly, its fairly obvious that riot is trying to fix some things, but are not listening to the community about others.  For example, the issue about people not getting their prize money from tourneys has still yet to be resolved.  However, Riot is doing an awesome job about listening to the broader community and are implementing the new ARAM map and making it a legit game type.   You also mention that Riot needs to focus on in game attributes of champions.  But, they have been launching re-work after re-work that I think the community has been fairly satisfied with on the whole.   Finally, I very very very much agree with you saying that there is a need for Riot to bring back the JoJ.  That was one of my favorite parts of the game.  And, for the careful readers, who read the entire issue, could get small "sneak peeks" at champions even before they are announced.  This was awesome, and it really gave the game an interesting backstory and some how made it even more entertaining to play.  I loved JoJ and really hope that they bring it back, or at least implement some new kind of lore that could be accesible to the community.
0	I had a teacher who said that it needed to be six pages minimum in my college composition class.  I had five and a half pages.  Gave me an automatic F for not following the instructions.
1	Being bored with the game. I've been playing since closed beta and have taken short breaks. This game has caused stress and helped re leave stress. I've moved to three continents, played on three servers and met many real life friends from this game. I currently live in Korea and play on the KR and NA server but I've played around 500 games on the EUW server. Sometimes I realize I've put a lot of time into this game and then I realize that it's gotten my through some rough patches with family deaths and social anxiety due to culture changes.
0	I had a friend who blacked his out because he got them done by his friends when he was young, like 16. He thought they were AMAZING. Me and my friend started going to a really good artist, (3rd generation sailor jerry) and he could finally see the light that his bled out lines and faded shitty coloring was just embarrassing.  He since started sleeving his other arm at an actual shop.  Not his story but a similar one.
1	Isn't supposed to be fix in november ? So you are like taking a month and half break or something like that ?
0	Well, ok. If you insist :)   One small note. Please don't take this as  the  definitive answer. For that you should go to the in depth explanation on the Danish Department of Education's home page, which is where I got my information a long time ago (combined with having been graded using this system).   Firstly you have a bunch of grades that are supposed to be used under normal circumstances: 6 - 7 - 8 - 9 - 10 - 11.   These are the ones supposed to represent the grades most people will get. People in a class are supposed to be graded on a curve and since most will fall at or around the middle (the grade 8), the scale needs to be a bit more fine grained here. Not everyone will be equally good at everything, so being a little better at one thing will equal being a little better at something else and your average grade will still be 8. As I stated before, 11 represent a complete and thoroughly comprehensive, correct answer.   The outliers are removed from the middle of the bell curve by quite a bit: 0 - 3 - 13. Let's start with the low scores.   0 is only supposed to be given to people who show absolutely no signs of understanding any of what the class had to offer. If you show in any way, that you have learned something relevant to the class, then you should not be given a 0 (the higher you get in the level of education, the more this absolute minimum gets). A 3 is given to people, who show severe deficiencies in their understanding of the material they are supposed to have learned - much more so than the "needs a lot/bit more work"-grades 6 &amp;amp; 7.   The reason why 0 and 3 are so far removed from the middle grades are that the grading system is developed for the Danish education system where (and please correct me if I mistakenly use the wrong terms here - not an expert on the American system) everything from kindergarten up to and including high school (if this is the step just before enrolling in a university) is meant partly as a way to... hmm, hard to explain... make you a whole person. By this I mean, that you are forced to take classes that are not your strongest side (like music, basic art, politics, religion and a couple of languages even though you might only really love physics and know you want to be a physicist). This is so that people get a full education making them more than just a one-trick pony and more of a fully functioning citizen.   Back to the explanation. If you get a 0 or a 3 it severely drags down your entire grade average and does so to indicate that this student has problems that needs to be addressed. This is to stop students from only focusing on the things they like and to strongly encourage them work on learning about the things that they also need to learn but might be harder for them or just interest them less. If you want a grade average worth anything, you will not want any 0's or 3's.   The 13 is meant only to be given for doing better than 100%. This grade was removed because very few in America understood this term so it unfairly put all Danish students, who wanted to study in the states, at a disadvantage. Americans only looked at "what is your country's top score" and did not understand that 11 was an A and 13 was "turning your hat in to a space canoe and paddling to the moon"-exceptional. So when trying to gain entry into american universities Danish students would have a very hard time for not having paddled to the moon enough times. So to speak.   In math/physics tests (and others like it) where you have a set of questions that can only be answered correctly or incorrectly, there will always be a bit more included than you are supposed to be able to answer. That way you can get a 13 even though you "only" answered everything correctly.   Small note: multiple choice is rarely to never used here. I have never encountered nor heard of people being given a test which included multiple choice parts for an exam.   13 is also not as far removed from the middle grades because being a wunderkind at speaking French and English doesn't mean that you get to ignore your math skills. Once you get to the university and choose what to study yourself, you are supposed to understand all aspects of the field you are studying and not just one part of it. Makes sense.
0	My boyfriend does this. The most infuriating /panic-inducing part (apparently I'm a lot more claustrophobic in my sleep sometimes?) is that whenever I try to scootch away so that I'm not sweating to death, he grabs me by the hips and drags me back in and basically does [this]( to me so I can't escape.
0	You cannot understand because "I've lived in Colorado and California". I'll also make an assumption that you were raised in a nonreligious household?   To those of us less fortunate, from Bible-belt states, or other highly religious areas, or fundamentalist families, it's sort of a support group of like minded people where we can go and bitch about it to other 'sane' people. I say sane because, psychologically, religion is defined as a delusional practice. It's simply a socially acceptable one, so it has to be classified carefully. Having said that, it's not invalid to draw the following comparison:   Imagine that, from birth, you are told that the sky is red. (I realize the sky is actually colorless and it's just a reflection and blah blah, just humor the point.) One day you realize that, "Holy shit, the sky is actually blue, not red!" So you go and tell a friend, and they just look at you strange... like you're fucking insane. Maybe they get hostile and think you're insulting the way they think, because if the sky is blue, not red, then who knows what the scary implications are! Maybe you get yelled at and called crazy, maybe cut off ties with you. This makes you feel like shit, but you still feel like you should tell people about this. You go about it a better way,  get informed, learn why the sky is blue, get a blue sheet of paper to hold up for comparison. Armed with these new devices, you go broach the subject with your family. Maybe your family reluctantly accepts that you think the sky is blue (although secretly they hope you come to your senses, and stop spreading nonsense) but of course they expect you to keep quiet about it, and you do because you don't want to upset your family. Or maybe you weren't so lucky, maybe your family kicks you out of the house, even though you have all this  awesome logical evidence  that says the sky is blue, they refuse to accept your differences. Your mom just sits there crying asking where she went wrong, nothing but a look of soul-crushing sadness and tears on her face. Your dad paces around ranting about how it's all the fault of those damn liberal college professors, or something.   Well at this point you're pretty disheartened. You're disgusted with whoever first thought up the idea that the sky was red. Maybe, just maybe, you're starting to think you really  are  crazy, and the sky isn't blue at all. Well eventually you run into a guy wearing a shirt that says "The sky is blue." ... and you're floored! You rush over and you tell him "I think the sky is blue too! But nobody will believe me." and he looks at you, and he smiles and says "Hey, how's it going? Let me introduce you to a group of people who all think the sky is blue. Sort of like a support group for people trying to struggle with friends and family who they can't talk about this sort of thing with. We laugh and joke about the Red-its (haha!), and we talk about how we can promote blue-sky thinking, and try to keep the Red-its out of our science classrooms."   That's pretty much what /r/atheism is like. It's a support group for people who aren't delusional enough to believe the sky is red, but are surrounded by people who constantly tell them it is.
1	Chaox's best champion is tristana....   Kennen has the possiblity of stunning the entire enemy team. If not at least dealing quite a large amount of damage and also forcing the enemy to scatter.   IMO I don't think CLG has realized that the name of the game in this tournament is snowballing your top lane. Constant early pressure on the top lane is what has won games time and time again. TSM has done this on Voyboy, and CLG being their stubborn selves naturally still went on along with the "island lane" concept of top lane. I think CLG's inability to be flexible is their real downfall. They are extremely strong players, but time and time again, they get countered by the enemy bringing out NEW things out of the blue, like DIG's heal the kogmaw comp, refusing to ban scarra's akali a few tourney's back, and now this aggressive snowball the Dyrus play.
1	While this is mostly true, you can't just say that omg this dude only died 5 times, gotta pardon him, because it also depends on the length of the game. Also, 5 deaths can be intentional, not just 20. If you tried to draw a line at X deaths, people could still just die X times, and then afk/leave. (Happened to me.)   Riot made the tribunal for a reason. They can't go through all the cases, so you have to help them, their solution to the intentional/not intentional question was to involve the players in the decision making. You can't teach 13 million players to report/play correctly, it's just impossible.   It is the reporters and the "tribunaler's" duty to keep it real. Anyone who solves a case is paid by IP, but the people who report are not. I like it this way, because it at least does not encourage players to report all day. If every case was well justified, tribunal would be damn useless.
0	I work in retail too and the amount of customers who throw tantrums when they've read a sign wrong is unbelievable. I understand that the smaller print on our sales signs can be harder to read, but that's no reason to call me names and blame me for the company's font choice. And the old "that's false advertising" claim is really ticking me off. So many people also think if the price is wrong they get the item for free. Nope! That's supermarket policy and in case you didn't notice, this isn't a supermarket! And I cop the flak for that, too. One of the very first shifts I worked a guy gave me a big note for a small purchase and then asked me to change some of the change around (classic money move-I wasn't fooled, sir). I said sorry I can't and he let it rip and demanded to see the manager, who told him he was an asshole and tossed him out. So relieved! All this being said, 90% of my customers are fine, it's the 10% of idiots who leave a longer imprint on you. We're people too, just like you!
1	Both of your posts capture the actual reason why people want to make smurfs. Most (not all) of the people commenting with hate towards smurfs don't understand the reason behind smurfing and let their ignorance lead them to blindly hate smurfs.   There are also a lot of comments from people that clearly don't understand how the game and matchmaking works. Adding more players starting "fresh" at 1200 mmr won't change anything because it happens to everyone at the start of every season. The comments saying it will increase the amount of players who just don't care about their ranked games because it's their smurf isn't true. The amount of players who do that is insanely small, because most people make their smurfs because they care about ranked games. It's not going to entice people to not care about ranked games, because no one wants their ranked statistics on any of their accounts to make them look bad.   A while back Riot implemented this neat thing called smurf buster. I made an account back when they implemented it to test how well it worked. It took one game for it to recognize that my skill level was above that of a new player and I was always playing against smurfs after that. This means unless you team up with your new friend in queue they more likely than not, won't be playing against or with smurfs.   It's fine not understanding why someone would want a smurf, but most people don't make them to pub stomp players who aren't as good as them. Most people make smurfs to try and improve themselves! Yes some toxic players do make them to pub stomp, but again those are toxic players (if they can even get matched with them), they are going to be toxic and antifun no matter what.   The reason I wanted to make a smurf was for easier solo queue climbing. I had taken a break from league and I came back to play some ranked, did horrible in my placement matches (2 wins 8 losses) and got placed in bronze 1. I had a higher than 90% win ratio on more than 3 champions(curb stomping pl3bs and didn't even make a smurf). It didn't take long before I reached gold. I didn't lose a series until my gold 1 promos into plat. Now the whole time I was grinding out these ranked games I considered how much faster it would be if my smurf was 30 and I could just do my promos over again and easily get placed in gold. Right here my thoughts about wanting a smurf weren't too hurt lower elo players but to make things easier on myself without having to interfere with so many other people. This was to show that most people don't have malicious intent when making/wanting a smurf.
0	I feel for you man. My last semester of high school was in a different state, and during graduation the same sort of ordeal went down (the families were told to keep the cheering until the end of the procession, but naturally everyone ignored that). There was lots of cheering for some, and at least a decent amount of cheering for everyone else, both from loved ones and from other classmates in the crowd. But unlike you, the person in front of me got only a few claps and one cheer, so everyone was all ears as my name was called to step up...and therefore everyone in the auditorium was watching and fully conscious of the DEAD SILENCE that followed as I stepped up with that awkward ass smile, grabbed the diploma, posed for the picture and sat the fuck down as the cheers and clapping resumed for the rest of the line. Oh, and we were all given a free graduation video that night, so I can relive and cringe throughout that moment over and over again for the rest of my life.
1	Me and 2 friends play TT very very often and I'm the theorycrafter of the team. One thing that is kind of ridiculous is displacement abilities and champions that scale from both ad and ap. IE: Jax and Kat absolutely destroy on this map due to the altars granting both ap and ad. If you're ahead on this map, it's very hard to lose becuase you can just keep taking their altar and (like op said) the lack of vision makes leaving base impossible. Once the enemy team comes in with both altars + Curse of the crushing wrath, you lose the game because of their insane bonus stats.
0	Indeed. As this illustrates, automation isn't the main issue in our society. The main issue is that the fruits of the automation are hoarded by a small class of capitalists, rather than shared with the wider society.   Scientific, artistic, and technological advancements are not the results of individual brilliance more than they are culminations of the societal and cross-societal collaborative efforts. The fruits of these advances should be shared more widely; not used as a tool to further disenfranchise those who labour for their living
1	What about just any personality?   Like he's not pro but I'm sure a lot of people know SivHD. Or Dunkey. Or even
0	I could be a jerk and condescend you, but instead I'll let you know that most men think extremely highly of women and that you're just looking for reasons to be angry.   You're basically r/atheism in feminist form. Unless you're living in some kind of oppressive country where as being a woman you're always being harassed, then you have no right to complain. The thought of a woman getting what she deserved (take note of this post) is different than the thought of wishing that on other women, which I would be willing to bet is virtually non-existent.
0	And this is the
1	Mechanical skill can be practiced literally everywhere, be it ARAM or Bots.  Actually understanding the game on the Rift, any person can develop reflex and precision, as both are needed in this game, but you won't learn a thing about predicting the movement of your enemy in the lane, the jungling path of the opposing jungler, the ammount of aggresion you can take at certain times.   ARAMs do give you champion knowledge and mechanics, but claiming they give you a scenario of every 5v5 SR game happening in the middle lane without is straight-up dumb.   And if someone is to play ARAMs only, while neglecting their laning phase expierence then he will a poor time anywhere higher than Plat V-IV, since he will be simply abused by people who punish a laid-back early game.
1	I can see how that helps, but I think a big part of this is that lower elo players (myself included), often value kills over cs, especially in the early game. For example, if I'm against a Leona Draven, I can assure you I'll be running barrier flash, but if i'm up against a more passive duo, I'm content as someone like Vayne to sit back and farm, and if my support makes a play or our jungler ganks, I have the kit and the potential to capitalize, without staying overextended. Even against more aggressive laners, I can use CV to identify where their support is going (i.e. our brush), I can, using the mentality that cs is my main objective, disengage much better if the opposing duo tries to be aggressive, and throughout all this, I will comfortably farming. These early game skirmishes kind of exemplify something wrong with the bot lane mindset at times because, unless you're Draven, you shouldn't be fighting early just based on the skills you have (This sounds weird but let me explain). I've personally been in those level 2-3-4 fights where you're just pounding away on the enemy adc and they do the same, then you barrier, they barrier, your supports stun, and the whole outcome of the fight depends on the cooldowns of your duo. If instead you focused on cs in those early levels, the opposing duo wastes time trying to be aggressive, you get more cs, and you let your support manage their cooldowns and try to be aggressive (because lets be honest, supports carry bot lane) where you can then capitalize, or resume farming. One last note: When you do decide to be aggressive and chase the enemy duo, having vision under their turret to dive, having vision of the river to check for ganks/counterganks, and having vision of key buffs are often under appreciated assets in LoL.
1	Also, you can go to your "game.cfg" folder in your Riot Games folder to manually turn off "ShadowsEnabled" and set it equal to 0. You can also set "PerPixelPointLighting" to 0 and it shouldn't create any noticeable change. "EnableGrassSwaying" can also be turned to 0 if you want.
1	Do we really have to trough the same stuff every singe patch?   Riot nerfs some of the most popular champions every patch so the game can stay relevant. This forces players to look for other better champions and some surprising picks show up ( pant jungle was a big surprise, lulu mid, kayle support etc. ) This is all done so the game can stay relevant and constantly changing so it doesn't become boring to watch. Even if they do not admit it this is the reason they are doing it, not because X is way stronger than Y. Ofc there are those cases ( kassadin) where a champion is blatantly overpowered but they are not that common.
1	I hate to be that guy, but what you drew was neither the "median" nor the "average," also called the "mean." What you drew would be the "mode."   The median of a set of values is the one that is equal distance steps from either side, so given 25, 60, 75, 100, and 100, the median is 75. In order from smallest to largest, it is the middle number.   The mean of a set of values is the average, so given 25, 60, 75, 100, and 100, the mean is 72. You add all the values, then divide by the number of values.   The mode of a set of values is the one that appears the most, so given 25, 60, 75, 100, and 100, the mode is 100. It appears two times, and the other numbers only appear once.   Applying these terms to LoL, you would have to first come up with categories in which to put female champions, like Yordles, Poppy and Tristana, tall/skinny/buxom humans, Katarina, Miss Fortune and Sona,  animal-like, Nidalee in cougar form, Soraka, and Anivia, etc.   Then you would see that the median would be indeterminable, since there is no easy way to apply a numeric value to each champion, so putting them in order would not be possible. The mean or average would be more like an amalgamation of all categories, so it would be something short like a Yordle, buxom and barely dressed, like Kat and Miss Fortune, with non-human attributes, like Soraka or Anivia. Finally, the mode, which is what you would be looking for, would pick any one champ out of the category that has the most. Since there are more skinny/tall/buxom/scantily-clad female champs than animal-like, yordle, etc female champs, the mode would be that category, so any champ from that category would represent the mode.   Basically, the difference is the difference between the scientific word "average" and the everyday use of the word "average." The everyday use is more along the lines of the mode, and should rather be called "typical" than "average."
1	There have been posts on forums by rioters stating she will not get nerfed, and if you look at her performance in high level tournaments (you don't have to I'm telling you right now) she generally does not fare as well as vayne or kog'maw who have a hard time laning against her but are infinitely more useful late game. These are more difficult champions to play though that I would not recommend getting into until you've mastered cait.
0	The soccer photo is amazing because of his size AAAND the fact that he really looks like he knows what he is doing.  I know a lot of bigger people (myself included) who were very athletic back in the day and can school athletes at various sports.  Spoiler alert: coordination stays even if the body betrays.  The soccer dude looks like one of said people.
1	My fellow brother, i didn't steal it. enemy jinx. if you wouldn't be so much into that
1	Had multiple loss streaks ranging from 15-20 usually , At least the thing was after loosing so many games the smallest thing would tilt me even if i'm doing well or going even the smallest mistakes or a failed gank just tilted me uber hard.   What i did to stop these loss streaks is stop playing for a couple of hours or sometimes days and just came back with a vengeance  Sometimes i would pick fun non meta picks and then win.
1	Heimerdinger is not a garbage champ at all. (I may be have some bias: own 3 skins, played him quite a bit). He can honestly win any matchup.   Laning phase is pretty easy, consists of zoning and farming with your turrets, stunning enemies that come in your turrets' range, and poking with your rockets.   Heim's ultimate is just amazing. There's something for almost any situation. Two or three enemies diving you? Ult+q+zhonyas (while in the range of your other turret's as well) and pick up a double or triple. Need to burst an enemy down from long range (stun) ult+w. Need to initiate a teamfight (or back off from a losing one)? Ult+e.   Peoples hate for heimerdinger probably come from playing against him. It's just really hard to go all in or gank a heim. There just not much you can do against him. If you play heimerdinger, just be prepared for being flamed by the enemy for just sitting back and letting your turret's do all the work for you.
1	This guy is right as far as I see it. An AP-Champion was never designed to deal sustained damage but to be able burst some1 so fast he can't be usefull in a teamfight. Due to AP not Scaling as hard as AD into late (an ADCarry deals the same "burst" the caster deals with his first few autos in late). Since S3 changed resistances it favors high basedamages that get combined with penetratrion and enough tankyness to do that for a looong time. The Math of this guy seem ok so far. And yes voidstaff + Sorcboots+ guise = OP dmg. What you bot don't take into credit is, that most APs add more utility to their team(e.g. Ori) than ADs(e.g. Kha'zix) and those AD's are MEELEE = easier targetable.
0	This reminds me of something I witnessed a couple of years ago in university. Professor had his laptop hooked up to a projector. He was talking about the topic of the seminar (don't remember what is was), meanwhile the computer went to sleep because it wasn't used, and the projector shut off as well soon after that, or it went into some kind of energy saving mode. Anyway, the professor wanted to show a movie for the topic I don't remember, so he went to his computer, with the screen facing to the wall. He then began searching through his downloads folder, looking for the movie he wanted to show, opening porn clip after porn clip. Lots of the several-black-guys-on-small-white-chick stuff. He didn't realize that waking up the computer also caused the projector to show the screen again.
1	I think ruby sightstone is in a right place. and I dont think there is a need to buff the item base stats. The item is not about scaling in to the late game, its existence is about slot efficiency. 1 more ward to potentially drop is huge, because support tends to roam around the map alot in the mid/late game, that extra ward can be used to scout or when one of your ward gets cleared, especially in the late game your allies have completed items or have no slot for any wards. The extra heath is a huge bonus on top of sight stone. There is an incentive to upgrade, but for its slot efficiency, so your point about not different to sightstone is wrong, for example Hexdrinker provides a similar passive to Maw of Malmortius, people who buys Hexdrinker is for countering AP bursts and some AD, the Maw is just an upgrade for the item for that slot efficiency while having more base stats and extra passive.   You talk about support incorporate survive ability in their build, but there are tons of complete/incomplete item that already does that, locket/crucible for MR and randuins or just a Warden's mail for Armour. Support is more about positioning while providing CC and peel to ADC, they are NOT top laners who happens to have sightstone, there is a need to provide survive ability in their build, and there are already items for that.   You talk about item scaling to late game, the average wards I drop on the map across my games are around 20-30, and since I maybe buy 3 green ward per game, rudy sightstone accounts for 17 wards is 146.7% efficient. IF there is any buff towards its base stat, you could potentially see all jungler getting the item, yes it may not be a bad thing, but recovering vision control from the losing side will be much harder and snowballing from vision control (like season 2) will have a comeback, simply because currently it can be difficult for support to ward both sides of the map with just 3 green ward and 1 pink ward, with jungler getting sightstone there is enough ward available between just TWO people to light up the map like a christmas tree, let alone the other three players.   The whole point about sight stone having a limited number is to reduce the amount of ward spam as you would compared to season 2, where support literally walked around the map lighting it up like a christmas tree for the next three minutes, so if you spam warding for any particular reason and wants ruby sightstone buffed, then you need to look towards improving your vision control knowledge and back timing to get more wards.
1	1) Jungle needs to be viable dmg espacially when you play udyr/shaco etc. this means you either gank and get a kill or you farm...  1a) When you play shaco get red buff and gank top/mid at lvl easy kill at this skill level 2) If you play jungle that doesnt mean you can have 20 cs in 20 mins... you need to farm do it by: a) jungling - yes it means kill creeps in your jungle and enemies if you can and you are aware off where the enemy is... take jungle timers on enemy buffs place wards at there red/blue and gank them b) helping top and mid... i mean when they need to go B and the lane is pushing to your turret go there and farm by last hitting NOT PUSHING but last hitting 3) 9k gold in a game is not the best score.... I play ranks mainly as support and my avg (lolbase.net) is 13.5k gold per game... You play jungle so you should have more gold then a support dont you agry?   Sorry for my other posts and the rage there... but your video quality is just bad and made me mad :)
1	Don't worry, we still love your
1	ability details
0	I get my 30-50 hours of work done in 40 hours a week, in private IT. My boss works 60+ hours and week, and is always pulling out his hair because he's too busy, because he takes on more jobs than he can perform in 60 hours. But when he can only squeeze in 40 hours of jobs in a week, he spends all the time he can scolding me for only working 40 hours and never putting in the extra effort.   Overtime for me isn't worth the headache of having to ask for reimbursement for overtime, or the cuts into my personal time. But my boss sees me as a lazy employee who doesn't want to put in the extra effort. Meanwhile, I'm as effective per hour worked as he is, even with his premium hourly rate. Some people only see what they want to see, and I'm certainly not going to bust my own balls to get him a fat paycheck. But I'll certainly work smart to make my position as effective as possible.   /rant.
0	Kinda unrelated but this reminds me of a situation my coworker found himself in. I work for "Big Oil" and we have a department who's job is to facilitate communication between the landmen (those taking the leases from the mineral rights owners), roughnecks (people drilling the actual well and setting up the pumpjack operation), and our analysts (keep up with the property statistics and financials, which is what I do).   This department that facilitates has to deal with some really stupid owners sometimes; some of them have no idea how valuable oil and natural gas are, some try and act "smart" and try to over-negotiate and end up not getting leased because we don't have to deal with people like them and they often try to cause a lot of trouble, and then there's this guy in Alabama, I swear to god his name was "Bubba".   We called Bubba to let him know we would be sending some techs out to scout the land to decide what we'll need to set up a wellsite, which we are 100% legally allowed to do. Well, Bubba doesn't like the idea of "strangers" on his land, so he locks the gate to his property (it is illegal to keep us from entering his land in this situation) and is sitting in a plastic lawnchair with a side-by-side 12-gauge shotgun, which he promptly loads as our truck pulls up.   Our techs nope'd the fuck outta there and called our legal department to have them work on getting some legal assistance, which we did and Bubba got a nice long trial.
1	Because they are entirely different servers. What you are asking for would require that the two servers communicate which players are online as well as handle chatting between the two servers.
0	I get that you're pissed, and you should be ... but who are you pissed off at?   I have black friends, and I feel bad for them, because all my black friends are totally cool people ... and still, every bike that was stolen from me was a black kid, every person arrested for robbing people on my street? Black. I had pocketbike on my porch, forgot to bring it in one night ... stolen by a black kid.   How do I know it was all black kids? Well, in the case of the stolen bikes/motorcycles, there were only two black families in the apartment complex, and they'd rat each other out.   That doesn't make me racist, though ... it was just two or three scumbag families that happened to be black, and I've got black friends that don't fit the stereotype ... but it's a stereotype for a reason. We had one black family move in, and I was pissed off when the racist neighbor basically said 'Start locking your doors' ... yeah, he was robbed by their son two weeks later.   So, are you pissed off at black culture? Are you pissed off at these individuals?   I don't know who to be angry at. I hear someone was robbing people in our neighborhood, and all I can think is 'please don't be the one black family', and when it is, I'm pissed off, but I don't even know who to be angry with.
0	Frankly, I love gay pride events. Get out, go to a gay pride parade, get shit faced with some old queens, make a day of it.  Washington DC is fucking awesome during gay pride events, be they the parade or the notorious(ly fucking hilarious) Drag Race at Dupont Circle. Yes, they're being loud and proud and obnoxious: it's called a culture of difference, celebrating the ways that your culture does not reflect the status quo. It's a healthy reaction to being a minority.
1	Agreed. I recently turned on all-chat again though, and guess what, nowadays my team mates are doing most of the raging, in regular chat. Guess they realized that all-chat is turned off by default now so they don't get the response they want when they rage there.
1	A study sponsored by the video hosting website MyVideo estimated that 61.5% of the 1000 most viewed YouTube clips are blocked in Germany. This is significantly higher than, for example, in the United States (0.9%) or in Switzerland (>1%).
1	Cmon dude, you're giving up one kill. Worst case scenario, you lose a normal game (which is going to happen 50% of the time anyway) - and in most cases, it would highly dubious to presume that a single kill has decided the course of a game.   On the flipside, you have just absolutely made some other guys day - it took me about 600 games (around a year) to get my first penta, so its pretty fucking special. Stop being so anal and see a good deed for what it is, please.
0	you know what's worse? In middle school I was a pretty big kid and I was able to pick smaller people up by holding their neck with both hands and slowly picking them up. I only did this to friends or acquaintances who asked me to do this. Well one school dance I thought I saw my friend and did this to him from behind without asking him. It was some random guy I didn't know. I was like oh shit but the guy was like oh shit too and he was cool about it.
0	I have a weird opinion on this that I think would be controversial here.   Just because a person wears revealing/suggestive/sexual clothing, that in no way gives anyone the right to make them feel uncomfortable by staring at them (or checking them out).   However, just because it shouldn't happen, doesn't mean it won't. I'm not saying you are terrible if you do check them out, that's normal human behavior. Psychologically, it's what we are prone to do. So therefore, those who wear that clothing should be EXPECTING it to happen!   A good comparison is the kids who wear animal tails/ears in high school to school.   Yes, if someone calls you out on it and comments on it (doesn't have to be an insult) and that makes you uncomfortable, well you have every right to ask them not to do that again.   But don't be that person who wears it and then acts FUCKING SURPRISED AND SPECIFICALLY TARGETED when it happens. By wearing something outside "common" clothing, you should expect responses that are also uncommon. Doesn't make it right, it's just we don't live in some ideal world where people can so easily do the right thing   I check out girls in skimpy outfits too. I try not to, but I'm not perfect and can be tempted. If a girl caught me and calmly said "look, I appreciate it, but you are making me a bit uncomfortable" I would be fucking fine with that. I'd apologize and find a way to ensure it doesn't happen again.
1	I agree that black shield is fine as support because the base shield isn't too tough to pop. The problem I have with it is that a Morg top or mid can render magic damage  and  CC irrelevant. The argument for Morg's balance has always been "just get magic damage and pop the shield." But her shield can get pretty ridiculous late game with AP items...   I mean, I think complete CC immunity on a non-ultimate spell that you can cast on ANY ally is a pretty dumb thing in league anyways, since it renders certain champs irrelevant, but adding a 500 magic damage shield on top of that is over the top. I feel that nerfing the AP scaling on Morg's shield is pretty much required at this point, because right now she can make the initial burst of mages pretty much irrelevant come late game. Especially if the mage in question depends on cc to reliably land the combo, like Ahri.
0	If this happened after the Virginia Tech shooting I think I would very loosely understand the school's superstition. The shooter also wrote poems  in his school years and the school probably related her to him... except he apparently became a shooter after getting bullied in school.
0	I would try to think about the perspective of the driver and the perspective of the initial assailant.   The Assailant: He must think the driver has done something horrible, or that he can damage the property of the driver and get away with it. Either way he demonstrates poor judgement by attacking a 2 ton motile box of death while unarmed. At worst he is dumb and psychotically aggressive, while at best he is dumb and justified. Additionally, the assailant tries to stay on the hood after it moves endangering himself in the likely event the driver flees. Finally, If the driver has done something horrible, just get his plate number and press charges, call cops or otherwise deal with it, when the odds of losing the fight are not so one-sided.   The Driver: Has either done something horrible in the eyes of the assailant or nothing at all. The attack is unjust unless it was a response to an assault b the driver, which seems unlikely, as the car is pristine. If I am attacked while driving my car, my thought process will change from "mosey through traffic" to "defeat imminent threat so it can hurt no one again" or "run for life from imminent threat". If it is in front of me I hit it with the car even if I am trying to flee. Otherwise, I go into fight or flight. If I fight I have a car and they do not I should win. If I take flight I have a car and they do not all they need to do is get out of my and I flee and they are unharmed.   I would also expect that if this went to court the driver could easily get off on self defense. I would expect to if I were the driver.
1	My title doesn't support my claim!? What!? I guess basic understanding of language is hard.   Yes, it was a by-product of the play, because:     Dyrus was going in for the kill, but he got outplayed (he got taunted by shen into turret and died).     I didn't say "sup?". Haruka, the player, said "sup?" because he had just outplayed Dyrus and felt pretty badass about it, as many other players would, not necessarily because it was against Dyrus, but simply because it really was pretty badass to kill someone like that, I would feel that way at least. Yes, it did contribute to Dyrus getting mad, but I guess people don't want to see the all chat when their favourite pro player does that. What does the Summoner's Code teach us? That if you are provoked by a player, you shouldn't respond back in a negative way.     I did not put this up to get praised. However, it is inappropriate for fanboys to come in, downvote my post, then trash talk (like the one who called me a jerk) a random person on the internet (me) about a video that has nothing to do with them.     I put this up ASKING for people to PRAISE me!? WHERE!? Show me where it states that.     I'm showing how fanboys of Dyrus get offended by a solo queue game play where Dyrus happened to get mad (more or less, very little, a lot, almost not at all; how am I supposed to know, I'm not Dyrus) and yes he did get mad, because you don't just simply say "stfu" which equals Shut the FUCK up - I even emphasized the key word that indicates that yes, he did indeed get mad, how mad did he get? I don't know, I don't care. My life's purpose is not to find out how mad does Dyrus get when he gets outplayed and tells "stfu" to the guy who he got outplayed by. Now, Dyrus and Haruka may be friends which would qualify that as friendly banter, but I don't know that. In general, you don't just "friendly" tell people on the internet to "stfu".     What simply is a video showing a high elo play involving Dyrus turned into a "OMG GUYS LOOK DYRUS GOT OUTPLAYED HE IS SO BAD HAHAHA" video thing. In the end it just comes down to me (a random person on the internet) having the nerve, the audacity to add the adjective "mad" next to the Godly and wonderful name "Dyrus". Dyrus Mad = this guy is such a jerk! Why the hell would anyone care about a random guy on the internet adding the adjective "mad" to the name "Dyrus" if they weren't such huge fanboys?
1	This is true, I encountered a horribly toxic player bullying someone on my team because they weren't doing well. After telling the poor guy/girl they should probably mute the toxic player they said they didn't know how. I told them hold tab and press the chat icon next to the toxic player's ign (after muting the flamer myself) and they thanked me. I reported the bully after the game ended, feeling pretty sick to my stomach.
0	You're assuming the worst. On top of which, financially supporting someone's drug abuse is not helping at all. That's actually a 'cause', since you chose to put it in quotations, of her drug abuse. She doesn't have the money but, he's funding it. When that money could easily go to counseling, therapy or psychiatric treatment, if he really wanted to help. It's not shifting the blame. It's saying how it is. She is to blame for her actions, yes. But for OP to say it's okay to sell her out because she's fucked up, is wrong. To sell your family out, when you can help them is wrong. On top of which, he could help her but at this point, he just doesn't want to be seen as an asshole by his family. That's pathetic. Should have never helped the situation. Should have sought treatment for his sister. Should have cut her off financially. All things he could of did besides sold her out for $75.
0	Yea this behavior is terrible.   I was one of those saving kids, growing up.  Always trying to save up to buy something I really wanted, instead of being like my brother and buying crap he'd forget about the following month.   Parents caught wind of this and would constantly borrow money from me.  Would save up for a year to buy something I really wanted, nope parents borrowed it all.   The worst was getting into college and them simultaneously dumping more financial responsibility on me while borrowing 3grand, half to pay house bills (which i didn't mind too much) and pay his business bills.  (Which I work at as well), which amounted to me essentially working for 3 months for free for him.  Blow was worsened by the fact I then had no more money to pay for college and with increased bills of my own and with how little he pays me doubled with emotional sabotage and more financial threats if I tried to quit and work else where(aka make an attempt at independence).  I was living month to month with no room to support my ability to grow beyond being cheap labor/bank account for them.   Also fun fact, learned that while my bills increased, they were helping paying my brothers rent who they were more than happy to support in every way possible to make his life easier so he could have fun and ignore any sense of financial responsibility.
0	He didn't say Amazon's own services go down, he said other sites that use [Amazon's Web Services]( can concurrently experience downtime.   Reddit is [ranked 36]( globally for the amount of traffic it receives. It's also non-profitable as a business. Other sites that rank high are either monetized so that they make enough money to pay for better server services, or they have their own servers.   If that isn't the case, for example in the case of Twitter, which is rank 9, but also non-profitable, you can look at two things.   Finances: [In 2010, Twitter raised $200 million USD and in 2011 $300 million USD.]( Compared to Reddit, which in [2014 raised $50 million USD.]( Basically it's the valuation difference of something like $8.4 billion for Twitter versus Reddit's valuation of $500 million.   Type of site: Twitter is a hit & run site. People drop tweets, read some tweets, respond to tweets, then move on. Reddit users are infamous for the amount of time (bandwidth) they spend on the site. I couldn't find up-to-date information, but this should paint a pretty clear picture:   In 2010, Twitter was getting about [4.4 billion page views a month]( in comparison to an article in 2012 where Reddit is getting about [3 billion page views a month](   What does that tell us? You're looking at only about a 46% increase in page views (bandwidth and cost), but a valuation increase of 1608% (finances and funding).
0	When I was around three years old, we were in the process of moving from Arizona to Georgia, and my aunt had a rented truck with several boxes of our stuff in the bed. Someone flicked a cigarette out the window, which landed in the bed, and lit a box on fire.   My aunt noticed the fire and pulled over to try to save some of our stuff. Cops inevitably show up, and of course, I'm crying for mommy. One of the officers tries to assure me that my mommy is over there. I start screaming that that isn't my mommy. Unbeknownst to me, there had been a rash of kidnappings in Arizona around that time. The police start to look at my aunt suspiciously, and my aunt tells my older brother(who is 9, and an asshole) to tell the officers that she is our aunt. He starts to lie, but my aunt says she'll box his ears(she was late 50's~) and he fesses up.
1	Hmm, interesting. I totally forgot about the quicksilver sash and I hadn't thought of not going for armor at all, lmao.   If Sion takes Thornmail (which would be kinda strange as he's against a magic damage champion), then the Spellsword Mastery damage reflected off the Thornmail passive would kill Veigar instantly. Ok, so suppose he doesn't take that mastery. Veigar's roughly 1.3 million~ AP equates to roughly 975,000 damage from Lichbanes. Since Lichbane is an on-hit ability, it is not reflected by Thornmail. Veigar has roughly 96 base AD at level 18, and then 30% reflected damage equates to 32 damage every autoattack. Veigar's base health at level 18 is roughly 1830 or so, meaning that Veigar would kill himself in 61 (possibly 64 factoring in health regen etc) autoattacks. Sion would die after Veigar procs Lichbane off Baleful Strike twice.   I don't really think that Nasus stands a chance here, especially with that build.   I'll give Sion a Quicksilver Sash, Banshee's Veil, Atma's Impaler, Zhonya's (since he can dodge either Baleful Strike and/or Primordial Blast), and 2 Spirit Visages for the Magic Resist.   So if Veigar happens to miss his first Event Horizon, then Sion can flash through, activating his shield. Baleful Strike pops spell shield, but since Veigar's autoattack range is only 525, technically it is too short to proc Lichbane, and since Death's Caress has a explosion radius of 550, Veigar cannot hit Sion if he stays just out of range. Of course, this would be highly unlikely. with Veigar's spell shield down, Sion throws out his Cryptic Gaze. Veigar uses DFG and then ults, damaging Sion, but since Cryptic Gaze also has a range of 550, Veigar cannot autoattack as he is out of range. Veigar uses his Quicksilver Sash to remove the stun. Since Veigar is slightly slower than Sion, he flashes in, hitting Sion with Baleful Strike and the Lichbane enhanced autoattack, further damaging Sion. Sion then stuns Veigar again, since the cooldown on Sion's Cryptic Gaze has been reduced to 5.6 seconds through the use of masteries and runes. One hit, and Veigar has died.   However, if Veigar manages to land his first stun, (which,  as you pointed above, would be far more likely), then Sion loses his spell shield as it takes precedence. Without his spell shield, Sion is then unable to charge up his Death's Caress, thus having to use his stun to pop Veigar's Banshee's. This is what I think would then happen: Veigar flashes in, using DFG, ulting and then proccing Lichbane. With Sion's stun not yet up, Veigar can move out of range with ghost while Sion slowly catches up, wait for his Event Horizon to come back up (which takes roughly 9.6 seconds with his CDR). He can then stun Sion, use Baleful Strike, Dark Matter and Lichbane to finish Sion off.
1	The analogy is there for the purpose of understanding the core concept, which I believe is properly illustrated. The community is complaining of compensation, not the lack of server stability, and I proposed an analogy as to how the game servers crashing affected some people more than others, and how some people were compensated due to coming out a lot more scathed than the rest of the crowd. Regardless of, we all chose to wait for those 5 hour long log in times. And some poor bastards not only waited, they found out when they got there that all their content was erased.
1	Not to be a dick to my friends but one of my friends is a Platinum player and the other a Silver player. Silver friend (we're all friends together IRL by the way) attempts to get his account boosted by having the Plat friend go to his house and playing  for him . Yep. He doesn't go home and boost for him, he's there sitting beside him.   He only raised one rank division because he loses so many games in a row, thus demoting him. It's hilarious to see his MMR boosting working and then not working because he's an entirely terrible player.   What does Riot have to say about this though?
1	I want to give a different perspective on this. I would put the Diamond player at jungle.  The reason is two-fold: the jungler has the most influence on the game at low levels and can force the weaker players to win their lane just simply due to strong ganks.  They will also know when to initiate in team fights to take advantage of poor positioning on the part of the enemy team.   I would send the platinum player to ADC.  ADC is the hardest carry when fed and late game (barring some odd champions like Nasus or Poppy).  The platinum player is more likely to have strong positioning and the ability to avoid abilities with flash and fast qss/cleanse.   Gold I would send mid if only because the lane is short and sometimes hard to gank.   Silver player would be support.  This is because the ADC will need someone at least familiar with support who can use moves properly.   That leaves top as bronze.  I think this is optimal simply because you have another bruiser (jungle) to pick up the slack if the bronze player gets crushed.  The lane being longer will actually help the team because the bronze player will probably lose lane anyway but with the longer lane, the jungler has an easier time keeping the enemy top laner in check.
0	Stupid? Now if someone told her beforehand and she did it anyway, that's stupid. But not knowing beforehand? That's ignorance not stupidity. You can't get mad at someone for being ignorant because they don't usually have control over it. I never knew tattoo's like that were a thing in the holocaust until this thread. You calling her stupid is similar to calling me stupid. Are you saying that I'm stupid because I've never come across this before? No one ever told me about it and I can't do research on something I don't know about.
0	I read a study that said that when men cheat it is for the sexual thrill but when women cheat it is because of they have emotionally disconnected. So, basically it is harder to continue a relationship if a women cheats because she did it for emotional reasons whereas a man saw a nice pair of tits and his ween got the best of him. Not saying that is true all of the time but as a female I think there may some truth to the emotional aspect and moving on in the relationship.
0	Reddit does vote fuzzing. You don't get to see the real votes, you can read all about it on the help pages.
0	I have a story for one of the funniest things that I've ever witnessed, but I end up resorting to this infamous explanation pretty frequently. Maybe I suck at telling stories. Let's give it a shot here...   Halloween 2007. It's my sophomore year at a wonderful university in Chicago and my roommate, myself and some of our friends were party hopping. We eventually ended up finding one we liked, with the only downside being that the apartment was tiny and the line for the bathroom was insanely long. Inevitably, the toilet broke and all the male inhabitants of the potty conga evacuated to the alley adjacent to the complex (why they hadn't been pissing outside in the first place, I have no idea). My roommate and I went out to take a leak at the same time that the toilet broke, and were unleashing the dragon on a large garbage can together when we heard a wailing noise coming from the stairs on the back of the complex. What caught our attention was a dude who was dressed up in one of those foam Superman costumes that makes its wearer look all jacked up like the Man of Steel. Unfortunately for this guy, the costume happened to essentially be a onsie, and he was refusing to take it off despite the fact that he was on the verge of rupturing his bladder. All his friends were pleading with him to just take it off and piss, but he kept refusing, saying "NO DAMNIT, I'M FUCKING SUPERMAN!" This went on for about another 30 seconds as my roomie and I were losing our minds with laughter whilst peeing, and eventually Supes just said "FUCK IT" and a large stain started to erupt from the area of his costume that represented the red crotch area spandex. He began to cry after about 10 seconds, which I believe was out of joy, because he kept yelling "GOD THIS FEELS SO GOOD." My roomie and I eventually collected our shit after watching this all go down, and realized that we had peed all over our shoes in the process of laughing and leaking at the same time.   Well... maybe you just had to be there.
1	Building only wards, Sightstone, boots, etc on a support is very tricky in solo queue. By doing this, you are entrusting other builds/auras to other members of your team (i.e., you're practically assuming that another teammate will build an item like Aegis or Locket, when, unbeknownst to you, they were assuming you would build one or both). Of course, communication - asking them what they plan to build, and if you should build XYZ item(s) - could remedy this.   That said, if you buy one or two GP10 items, you generate quite a bit of gold for just wards. In low-to-average ELO play you don't really need to ward EVERY single thing in plenty of games, compared to the pros, nor do you have the coordination to capitalize on spotting someone in certain ward locations. However, one could argue that by forsaking wards for actual items you're underestimating your team's map awareness or ability to capitalize on enemy mistakes. By building nothing but wards you take the risk of wasting money on a team with little to no map awareness, or being able to capitalize on displacement of enemies, but this is another situation that is remedied in part by communication and pings. It's a choice you make when you Back and decide if you wanna spend that nice picket change on vision or, say, that shiny Emblem of Valor.   If you choose to build items and not have as many wards, you risk not having enough wards when it's time to do Dragon/Baron and lose out on vision and objective security. This is solo queue, so let's face it, you're likely to be the only one buying wards as the support, unless you urge your teammates to get them, too (and more often than not in my experience, they won't oblige anyways).   All I can say is that I always make sure to keep one slot with 3-5 greens, and one slot with 3-5 pinks, on top of my Philo Stone and/or Kages, and boots. If I'm particularly ahead I'll usually build spooky ghosts, Shard, or Shurelya's - an item that will benefit the team as a whole. Every time I Back, I always buy wards FIRST, then whatever's left can go into building.   Lastly, keep in mind that these pros are in premade groups that play together on a daily basis. If you want a better suggestion on what to build as a support in solo queue, try watching a pro support player's stream for some help or advice or look up guides on LoLKing or SoloMid. c:
0	AP classes are alright, but in general I think dual enrollment at a college/university is more beneficial.  You can get a lot more college credit that way, especially if it is a quarter system, and tuition is usually waived.  There are often scholarships available for books, too.  And spending a couple years in the college environment prior to graduating highschool/moving out does wonders for independence and adjusting to the university environment.   I had the option of taking AP classes in high school, but instead I did two years at community college.  Got about 80 credit hours, graduated high schoo, finished my AA over the summer at the community college, and transferred to University just using that college credit -- never even had to turn in high school transcripts, SAT scores, anything.
1	I don't know if he really behaved like an asshole, but we totally perceived as he was behaving like one.   Idk what happened, maybe a combination of Curse starting to lose more (voyboy champion pool nerfed to the ground and so on), his 'apparent' behaviour, and some poor performances by him (eg smites), but his popularity fell like a brick... he had the most popular stream before s3 begun, having more viewers than anyone (even theOddOne): now he's struggling to get more than 6k viewer (even though he got 9k yesterday -cest times here- night, but he was duo-ing with an skt member).
1	Keep in mind:     As long as you don't have a competitive aspiration towards a game, watching pro streams is apeshit boring. Since LoL Competitive or at least SoloQ Scene is really big, way bigger than any other eSport Community.     SC2, DotA, DotA2 and HON all have a considerably high Entry Skill Barrier. i.e. If you don't wanna be stuck in Bronze Ladder in SC2, you better watch those Day9 Newbie Tuesdays.     That being said Skill Caps in these games can be considered higher than in LoL. I'm not saying LoL is simpler, but you can go further with skill in e.g. HON (think propperly farmed and played MB/Chron).     The Skill difference you observe is quite possibly a factual one. You can e.g. also watch chu8 who left HON for LoL, and basically instantly did well.       HOWEVER: Dyrus is obviously the professional Solo top player of a Tournament-winning Team. Which goes to mean: When it comes to LoL he is a force to be reckoned with, as is his team.   And while i think that cited HON/DotA/SC2 Pros do have tremendous skills, i doubt that they would take over competitive LoL in a matter of month. They might, of course become a force like M5, but i doubt they would X-0 dominate every Tournament.
1	Story time.   So I'm bot with this Graves, right? Rockin' Sona in her mute glory, healing my ADC, warding the fuck outta bot lane, doing the whole "Look boys, I have tits AND ridiculous harass" thing. Fighting Ezreal/Soraka, those poor fools decide to engage. I am on that shit like a Mother Bear protecting her cub (note to readers, stay the FUCK off of my ADC). Graves decided to focus Ezreal until Soraka heals him with her W, whereupon he switches targets ("GOOD! He has a brain in his head" I think). We chase down that banana-slingin' centaur wannabe. Graves goes oom and she's a q away from death, so I figure "better than nothing" and smite the color from her screen with my music.   "Wtf Sona"   Oh god.   "I was gonna flash for it"   Sorry, bud. I had no way of knowing that. At least you still have flash.   Ezreal prances back into lane with a rattled Soraka. She doesn't approach me anymore. But Ezreal engages again. This time, Hecarim, you know, big horse fella, Soraka's wet dream, comes bounding in from the jungle and plows down Ezreal LIKE A BITCH. Hecarim gets the Soraka kill, and, in the excitement, I power chord steal a kill. We've all misjudged a fart. We've all shook the baby a little too long. And every Sona player here has stolen a kill by accident. It fuckin' happens.   "OMG SONA"   Please no. Just let it go, dude. I don't like it anymore than you.   "STOP TAKING MY KILLS"   Look, dude. I am sorry.   "..."   We take turret and recall, spend our dough and return to push lane. In the middle of doing so, Mid gets gangbanged by top and jungle, so, naturally, I roam mid and drag Graves along with me. Because he is a tender flower in need of constant watering. Teamfight time. Crescendo across their whole team, Hecarim does his thing, flapping his spear thing all over the enemy. Graves ults at the exact time a q-chord arises...and I get the kill.   "this sona"   Alright, dude. It's not like I'm intentiona--   FUCKER DISCONNECTS. Team wide atheist rage faces. It was make or break time. We had Sona, Hecarim, and Vi and Orianna (or some shit). Time to man up and 4v5. Bought Athene's, Archangels, Rylais, Shurelyia's, and Aegis. And we won.
0	Rather than just downvote you and let you continue to think you're right in your opinion, I'm going to try to explain just how fucked this line of thinking is.   Like OP, I was pretty much put in this same position with an ex of mine. I have been friends with this girl since jr high, lets call her FF. She and I knew pretty much everything about each other and had been about as close as friends can be for quite a few years. After leaving highschool and going to college we pretty much lost touch and only communicated every once in a blue moon.   Now, my ex-gf is the extremely jealous type. It got to a point where I had to send her pictures of receipts or when I clocked off of work just to avoid an argument about where I was at what time. Yes, I know just how unhealthy that is now.   Anyways, I made the mistake of mentioning to her that I had gotten back into contact with my friend, and of course she went ballistic about that calling me a player, a cheat, ect. Me, wanting to avoid any and all confrontation about the issue took screenshots of the conversation to show her it was purely platonic and nothing inappropriate had been said. I ended the conversation with a casual "love ya FF" because she had given me some good advice. Anyone reading the conversation would understand the context of the "love ya FF" and know it wasn't meant in a romantic sense.   This set her off even worse and lead to her giving me even more crap about it. Ultimatums, her or me, etc. So I decided to do what I thought was the mature thing and tell FF that my ex-gf didn't like us talking and that I should end up, because I knew she'd be the understanding one in the situation. Well, that still didn't help as she went and fucked her ex in retaliation. If someone puts you in a situation where you're having to choose between them and your friend, there's usually some deep insecurities on their part that won't be resolved by picking between the two.
1	We can assume that, with a 0 mph frame of reference for Solipsze, that the flash frost will be traveling at 220mph. That's a rate of 3.67 miles per minute, or 0.27 minutes per mile.
0	Well, see, she was going to show them, then she realized that you were here and PMed a few of us less grumpy, more understanding folks instead.
1	I have never had any problems on lane with Tristana. Yes, your E pushes the lane, but it's also an amazing harass for enemies stupid enough to get near their creeps when attempting to last hit.   AND   Even if it pushes the lane, that's one of the ways in which Tristana's gameplay works. You push the lane so fast the enemies can't do anything about it, and when you get in tower range, you get +90% AS and rightclick towers in a few minion waves. And even if you get ganked, your W and your R make an AMAZING escape mechanism. Add in a support like Janna, Alistar or Lulu and you get an amazing lane. (It's, of course, necessary, that both you and your support know what the fuck you are doing.)
0	I have atheist friends, Christians, and friends of other beliefs... From a Christian standpoint it doesn't really matter what anyone believes... Jessus didn't just hang out with his 12 apostles, he would leave them and minister to the prostitutes, the tax collectors (thiefs basically), criminals, and the sick.
0	I personally don't see how their beer would taste better just because of how politically correct and "morally righteous" the company decides to look for the sake of marketing
0	100% agree. I didn't mind trying to pay it back, but it was the way she handled it that set me off. It was a hard time for me then. I had my car repo'd and had to borrow from an old boss to get it back. I'm not bitter providing for my kids, that is my responsibility. Hell, I make double the ex and the way IL calculates, I still pay about $180 to her when I have 2 and she has one. I consider myself fortunate to have a good career that I worked hard for.Screwed up even more....In IL, now that oldest is college bound, we have to go to court so a judge can tell us how much to pay each. No choice. I'm happy to pay but on your point, married folks have way more choices.
0	You tricky bastard. Best
1	Couple things:   If the account was permabanned it went through a few punishments prior that warned you you're on the wrong path. They do not unban players unless it happened by a freak accident and was totally undeserved.   Take the knowledge you gained from both in-game and out and grow as a player and person. You know what you did is wrong, you know what you need to do, do it. Do not sit there and think "I've been banned on an account because people have reported me for a multitude of reasons that say I am a negative impact on this community" then go and do it on another account. If you have to mute everyone the moment you get in, do it until you get some thicker skin and gain the ability to ignore people's insults.   Even if your second account gets banned, if you buy exp boosts (timed and win based) it takes a few days of hardcore yi vs sona 3v3 bot match grinding / arams / normals to hit 30. If you want to keep playing on a new account after, this is part of your punishment.   You will end up getting to whatever elo you deserve to be eventually. The important thing is, win or lose, you learn something from each match and apply it to your future games. IE I just barely lost my 1v1 as Talon vs Zed; if I waited for him to ult before using my E, I could've silenced him for the duration of the death mark and stopped a lot of damage while I go hard on him and pick up the kill.   One more note about the raging. It does 0 good for you or anyone else. You have to take the moment you get upset about something and understand why you are upset and what you can do next time to prevent it. Clear your mind for a moment and actually think. "F'ing jungler just came in and ganked me mid---Well it is 7:30 so blue probably just respawned, I should've played a little safer or get a ward before-hand so I can find him before I push or go for an all-in."   *If it's a troll or afk, shrug it off and learn what you can during your game (Learning how to play from behind for example).   Lastly: the dream isn't over until you decide it is.
1	So the nexus is an inhibitor, an inhibitor is a structure, and turret is a structure as well, and Heimer creates turrets, and Heimer was remade, and Sivir was remade as well, and she was nerfed after the remake.
0	I currently work here, as I have for almost two years now with 75% being service, I'm trained in all areas(baby, electronics, service and even BOH) and I will say almost all our calls other than "do you have this" or what time we open is filled with calls complaining about either the online site or another store. If it's a good call, take the survey at the top of the receipt, and call corporate if trilled with the service. If you need to complain call the store first, I promise we'll try to make it right(at least at our store here in VT), and if we can't and you're still angry, go ahead call corporate. I know I and all my managers will try to make a problem right. People also have to realise we have nothing to do with the online store(call 1.800.TOY.SRUS
1	I like how you say proof. All situational and needed further investigation. Should be re-label [Evidence]. The TSM "cheating" was after regi had the game restarted and dyrus(a biased view) says this so maybe not true but it fits with time and the fact Regi is talking to admin at time. Where as the frost was clear and was during game pause that was to be unpaused and lost TSM a strategy.
1	Well, the last 2 games Aphro performed like utter shit and I say this as a fan. He fed first blood in the last game and threw laning phase in the game before and even a few games before that he made some really nasty mistakes. He doesn't get much criticism cause people like him too much (myself included).  He needs to get his shit together, so far he's only been good on Lulu.   Doublelift actually did show good resulsts, he managed to outcs a 3/0 Draven as Ezreal and kept up with him. Vs Qtpie, it was Ezreal vs Cait, qtpie started with red elixir + health pots and Double started with Dorans blade. He outcsed her, I don't even know how thats possible. I think people don't realize that the support + jungle + rest of the team is holding Doublelift back, I don't like when people imply Doublelift has got worse, he really didn't.   Chauster is a smart player but a horrible jungler, he alway said it's his least favorite role, so I don't know, he's performing really bad.   Link is great in lane, farms well, trades well but he doesn't roam at all and teamfights he's mediocre.   Hotshot has the same problems as always, he tunnels on Malphite + Cho  and gets SMASHED in lane because those heroes can't really pressure anything. He should try to play Jax, he used to carry an entire tournament with him... good old times. At least he's trying to change his pool by practising Renekton + Karthus.   They either have to get their shit together, or bring back Jiji mid, Link jungle and Chauster top. This would improve their top lane A FUCKING LOT and their mid too! And their jungle would be on equal level still.  Best choice imo.
1	I live in the UK, and we use a system called RM on school computers. During my work experience I did it in the media department so I got to have an admin account for the school. And from what i learnt from using it is that you can have specific "accounts" on the network blocking them from certain sites.   For example: Game sites are banned, but there are a few sites that are not blocked.   Child A gets caught playing on a game site so you can block his account from said site.   Meanwhile Child B is also playing on this game site but doesn't get caught. Goes back to look for a new game and the site isn't blocked, whereas it is for Child A.   Edit 1:  This also works for specific rights, such as downloading. So you could (not sure what country you're from so dunno what software your school uses) ask the IT department to create accounts for the club giving the rights to download and play he LoL client. obviously firewall issues and shit would have to be sorted too but hey, i'm not the most advanced person when it comes to networking
1	The problem is these guys are supposed to act like professionals, but they have never had to be in a professional environment.  They are professional video game players - they don't have to work in an office, they don't have to wear a suit and be nice to their clients, they don't have bosses from whom to take orders - they just have to win, and their sponsors will keep sponsoring them.  Most of these kids, and that is what Froggen is acting like here, don't understand the nature of PR and acting professionally until it bites them in the ass and then they have to backpedal.
0	When I say 'I'm fine' it usually means - "I am mad for something stupid that I don't think is worth arguing about, drop it and it will pass."  It usually is a result of my overreacting to something that I shouldn't have and I just need time to come back over to the rational side of my brain.  Quick example, I have gotten sarcastic and pissed off when he works extra hours on a Saturday.  My brain knows he is doing it for us (and because he can catch up a bit on the weekend) but my being bored makes me get mad about it...
1	guys guys guys...hear me out. this worry me A LOT. lets review what the issues are about this 3-country-event that for the love of RITO is really^3^x risky.     3 countries = 3 go for your VISA     we already know what happened to gambit. and how many weeks would it take after ALL TOURNAMENTS are over? by then we will know who will represent KR, SEA, CH, EU, NA... but is it enough time for the winners to apply for their visa and be given a GO? (to all who says "NBA isn't hosted in just one state", you dont need a VISA to go from state to state)     coordination and expected live viewers     lets be honest, how many percent of people will be willing to fly to 3 countries, book for a hotel on each countries, just to watch the groups? would it be wiser if it was just held in one place, to offer more security and save time/money for their prospect live viewers from other country to watch all the event? is it really wise to divide the expected numbers of audience to 3 places? what if you have a bracket of teams that are so weak? would people still want to spend money to go and watch that? and also, will the teams in the bracket be announced weeks before the actual games?     korean community     in my opinion, it is such a disrespect to all KR summoners to be let-down like this. most will agree that we see KR as the mecha of competitive PC gaming. they were promised a chance to host a world tournament, but instead they will only see a few teams who will play. what if the foreign teams that they are looking forward to meet gets ousted in the group stage? they wont have a chance to meet them before then. not only do they have issues with the city(mayor) that will hold the Finals, but they are also awarded with the last few games which, so very likely, a match between korean teams aswell! they already saw them a couple of times, would they still want to watch a re-enactment of their own OGN finals?     bad PR, bad management     a lot has been said, but i'll add this to the list of all the things people are saying about Riot's PR and management problems. the stadium can accommodate 60~70k people. the problem is, they already decided their expected live viewers to 3 separate countries. what are the chances that those same numbers who will go to the separate location will combine to fill up the 60k+ seats for the finals? add to that, the threat of boycotting from the possible KR viewers. i dont blame them. i'd be pissed too if i were them.
1	I'm usually not the one picking up on the "guns dont kill people" stuff, but you're partly right on this one.   Here's why I use lolnexus:     find out the enemy runes and masteries. It's bullshit. It probably won't affect my starting items and I can find that out by looking at their stats when they come to lane (like I used to before). I'm just lazy.   See their premades. But that's also bullshit. I'm a solo laner anyway so a duo lane doesn't affect me much and the camping issue... a jungler would often rely on his premade and NOT camp them.     So what does lolnexus do besides giving you information that's either unreliable or obtainable ingame? Well, it gives you ammo and I see it affecting my attitude - and those of my teammates. This is stuff lolnexus makes people say:     "Beaten by a Bronze player, noob"   "GG, their ADC is gold" (yeah, and we're silver I, huge difference!)   "no lifesteal quints on our ADC, GG"   "our mid doesn't even have a complete rune page" (yes, that happens in silver/gold. A lot.     Once again, that's information that either doesn't matter (rating) or is obtainable ingame (runes), stuff that players would use to flame somebody anyway - at least if they payed any attention to the actual game.   All lonexus does is giving them  easily obtainable ammo to fuel their toxic behavior and/or explain a losing game by finding a weak link in their team.   And that's what has been happening in this game since the start. And the report system, besides actually doing some good, ensures that players team up and do everything possible to get a team member reported. That includes mass spamming in all-chat in order to get a completely silent summoner reported for "flaming".
0	Luckily he hit someone who expected it and was in a position to not be hurt. Had it been a person in a crosswalk or riding a motorcycle things could have been way worse.   The guy probably learned a lesson before he killed someone.
0	In my Junior year of high school, we had this really terrible Chemistry teacher. Now, he was a brilliant man, very smart, but he did NOT know how to teach his class. His teaching methods consisted of belittling us students and making us feel like we were absolutely stupid and useless for not knowing the content of what we were learning. He would often openly call us stupid and has made many girls extremely uncomfortable in his class because of his perverse nature.   One day, we were taking a quiz. The class rules stated that you could have your phone out after you finished with the quiz, as long as the volume was off and it wasn't distracting the other quiz takers.   I had finished, along with most of the class, and was surfing twitter on my ipod. My best friend, who sat behind me, had also finished and she was reading a book on her iPhone.   As I was scrolling through twitter, I saw one of her posts and decided to favorite it, but once I had, her phone made a loud DING. She quickly apologized for it and muted it, but the teacher was not pleased. He told her to take it to the front of the room and to place it on his desk, and that she would be able to pick it up after class. When she refused, he quickly got angry at her, shouting obscenities and spewing lies about how she was an awful student who never listened. I, being a fiercely loyal friend, was not going to have any of that shit being said about my friend. I looked at him and said in that angry calm tone that your mom would sometimes get, "Mr.blank, that's uncalled for. Though she may not be the best student, you have no right to say those things about her in front of the class."   His jaw dropped, then he turned to me, however, since that was one of my good years, he had nothing to say about me and quickly realized that the entire class knew that he had dug himself deep in this one.   After the class was finished, he called my friend and I to his desk, then took us into the chemical storage closet and tried to apologize to us, though truth be told, his job was on the line and all he needed was one more complaint to end his career.
1	I played ranked immediately after getting 30. Had 2 pages of runes and ~5 champs i could play decently. Went to 630 elo (was half S2), went in normal to farm IP, get champs, master champs, get runes, then back in ranked where i hit 1147 elo by the end of the season (gg 3 elo from silver). Went 7/3 in placement matchs in S3, placed Silver V. I got plat a few days ago.
0	I also think our natives (around where I live example) abuse their power a great deal. Example.   There was this small town that had been in the same families since the certificate was issued - maybe 300 years. Enter shell, who are after the oil under it. Canadian government says welp, fuck you to the descendants, demolishes it and sells the oil rights. They got half a million for 6 acres of black dirt and 150 year old buildings including the house.   Months later, there's a small first nations reserve of hunting land thats been there for 200 years an is NOT a traditional land, just what they were given by ol' JAM. Government says maybe to oil tycoon B, and every native reserve for 100 miles (seriously) FLIPS DICK. They hold pow wow and all that shit, call every newspaper in the nearby cities, etc. big ol' stink. Oil company loses, because god forbid we treat first nations like regular people and step all over them like alberta government does.
0	Have you SEEN how much Reddit there is to browse through? It's all about quantity. I'd rather spend my 20 minutes of down time going through a few pages of reddit rather than a handful of
0	Actually, when I read it, your reply did not include:   >Fallacies like ad-hominid don't change the truth value or underlining foundations over the overall argument - what you mean to say is - it provides a good straw-man and or moreover red-herring for people like you that don't have an argument.   Whether you added that before or after my reply is irrelevant. Nor does the lack of clarity or grammatical accuracy. Or the irony that you accuse me of making an  ad hominem  attack, and then close by saying "people like you that don't have an argument." In case you're unclear...that's an ad hominem attack.   I have next to no idea what you're trying to say here, it reads like a random selection of philosophy dictionary buzzwords, but I think you mean that attacking a person does not change the value of an argument. Which is true by the definition of the ad hominem fallacy, so that statement is an oxymoron. Presumably you also mean that attacking a cited piece of evidence is a good substitute for a cogent argument, which is more valid, but still not entirely so, since any argument requires picking apart the opposition's evidence. So all in all I have no idea what you're on about.   I care not about your argument as pertaining to atheists and marriage etc, but only about pointing out the reason for your downvotes (that's why you initially asked a question, remember) was that you unnecessarily insulted someone because you had one piece of evidence to contradict them.
0	You don't understand his argument. It isn't a  system of government  it is a description of social history as the result of material conditions. Capitalism is doomed to fail, according to Marxist thought, because the gap between rich and poor will always widen. Remember that he lived during the 19th century; his conception of capitalism is very different than the pseudo-capitalist socialist welfare state of the first world today. Capitalism for Marx is necessarily unchecked as it was for the society he viewed. He saw that the capitalist system produces increasing, not decreasing social inequality. Since every other unequal society eventually reorganized to spread economic benefits, he made the prediction that the Capitalist state was also untenable, and he was right.   Where he was wrong is what followed, which was not a classless society but a society that redistributed wealth in a way expansive enough to preempt a workers revolution but limited enough to preserve class and property. However, as income and property ownership become more unequal today, it is not impossible to imagine that the dismantling of the social safety net and the reckless concentration of wealth that we see could lead to gilded-age conditions that could feasibly produce the same predictions Marx made more than a century ago.   Edit:
1	Elo hell really doesn't exist. It's an excuse for people to blame others rather than look at their own mistakes and try to improve. While it's true that some matches are unwinable, most matches should be winable and usually are. People tend to overlook that, to get to platinum they have to be a part of the top .3% which is only available to a few of the best. People overlook that even getting gold is quite the achievement cause it means you've played better than 97% of the entire community. That said, Wickd gets to platinum easy because he has the experience of someone who plays at platinum and knows exactly what calls to make, when to make them and all that. If you have never been to 2.3k before, you don't know what to expect, how people play and all that. The only thing you can do is adapt. Adapting and practice are the only way to get forward and with anything it'll be a long and hard ''quest''. In season 1, most of the pros had like 2k matches played in ranked. That's not even taking into account all the normal games they have played. Statistically (and realistically) you will raise in Elo if you consistantly play better than your current Elo. Everyone has a DC or a troll or someone who's plain bad once in a while but think about the times it happened to the enemy team. You've had free-wins in your entire ranked career.
0	That energy isn't lost, and just because time ages you doesn't make it an uphill battle until you keel over until you die.  This energy expenditure can lead to improvement and skills and all sorts of wonderful crap.  Looking at having to do something that isn't entertaining you as a loss isn't a great or sensible attitude to have.  It's great that you don't look at this stuff and think "fuck it", but feeling sorry for yourself is a downward spiral.  And yes, beating yourself up all the time and not working to improve it is just like that.   Sorry if I sounded like sanctimonious jerkoff, I'm in the same boat as you.   You could do worse but you could do better as well.  Self-discipline is something you can learn over time.
1	Shen. Recently played a game as sona , and being the squishy , quiet support , I got aimed at a lot. This shen however , kept ulting on top of me , possibly sacrificing himself just to save a damsel in distress. Then I realised Shen looked slightly similar to my bf (Kinda vague since his face is covered 90% of the time). Especially with the surgeon shen skin , with the glasses and all. My bf is the same to me. Quiet , slightly shy , but inside hes a prince , a hero that would sacrifice himself to save me (He does kick boxing and is one of the best , despite being a quiet guy). So just like my bf , shen is my valentines this year. So sexy. Im gonna draw a fan art of him revealing a small bit of his face , when I get the chance. C: Sorry for this long paragraph.
1	No matter what when you are diamond and you fuck up, you probably know what you did wrong.  You can tell me "oh just ignore it" or "grow up (in a nice way?)" but in the end, IT FUCKING SUCKS to be hated on for trying something new or making a mistake.  I know I fucked up and when they are telling me how bad I am I know I'm not bad, but it's really fucking annoying. I can ignore them but there's a clone of them in the next game I play too.
1	Game 1:   Great game from libik and kubon(MVP),Makler's triforce pick mid-game to late game was pretty questionable,evelynn SoTG as well,czaru was okay.As far as CW goes,their team comp was really questionable as they picked nasus for the late game when a Full AD comp is BAD at late game because Nasus(same goes for Cait,Kha) wont be able to deal a lot of dmg if the enemy stacks only armor.Kha'zix seemed like a confort pick,same for Caitlyn pick and in general they prefered conforts picks over strong "meta" picks and thats what cost them the game.I really hope CW will step it up on Champ select,else we are going to have the "Gambit" effect again.
0	Painting with broad strokes here...   Protestants tend to use the word disfellowship. Their founding in the Reformation was in protest to the Catholic Church ruling the common folks' lives, where an excommunication was like a scarlet letter. On paper, Protestants don't typically wield that kind of power over their flock. Excommunicated from the Catholic church, you can't go to another Catholic Church. Disfellowshipped from the First Fundamental Bible Baptist Church in Des Moines off the frontage road, and you don't wanna stop being shitty, you can go to the Second Reformed Baptist Church of the Cross a block away by the Tastee freez. (They need new folks anyway.)   My experience with disfellowshipping is that when someone's being unruly or destructive, they aren't shunned but rather left out of the inner circle until they work their shittiness out. But they are welcomed to the church like anyone off the street, and pastors and elders tend to give them extra special attention if they'll have it (like 'let's get coffee'). In one specific instance, a mom/wife was sleeping around on her husband, ruining her family, and still trying to teach Sunday school and stuff. They spent a year appealing to her, per [Matt. 18:15-17]( She continued disregarding appeals to stop that crap, so they brought it before the church without too many specifics and asked if anyone had her ear if they could please appeal to her. After that, they disfellowshipped her.   Not sure if it really plays out differently in the Catholic Church, and I'm sorry for any incorrect statements and anything that was too generalized. I didn't mean to write a novel when I came here to say this. Just wanted to introduce the word 'disfellowship'.
0	Here in Israel we celebrate Movember so I'm going for a moustache. The moustache is the only thing that seperates us Jews from the Arabs appearancewise, so it's kind of a problem for me, especialy at security checkpoints.
0	As someone who commutes through Philly every day, I must admit I have no idea what you're talking about. I see this a lot, and it's both annoying and dangerous every time. Rush hour traffic on the Schuylkill would be wildly improved if people could, for example, merge to and from the Boulevard without completely fucking everything up.
0	Got my Paypal hacked a few weeks back. Only noticed when I started getting invoices sent to my email for services I didn't recall. Not only was my debit card info taken, but my email was just thrown around. Jokes on them, though, since I closed that particular bank account months ago. Still. Paypal didn't do much to remedy the situation or at least investigate
0	Because people have different plans? Maybe she's content with being pregnant at 18 and raising a kid with a father who has a low-paying job. Maybe they're not even going to be in a low socio-economic status; maybe they're going to run a successful business with their high school diplomas; maybe one or both of them are going to go to post-secondary education anyway. Who the hell cares? She's happy and people who care are happy that she's happy.
1	What's to stop Team A and Team B from plowing Team C? You couldn't stop it at all.   The whole idea is you don't. It's all a very large part of the politics,  and the fun , of a Triple Threat. It makes it all very unpredictable and exciting, while at the same time marvelously risky and dangerous.   What is to stop Team A and Team B from plowing Team C? Nothing. But what's to keep Team A from plowing Team B from behind while Team B attacks Team C and is distracted. Team A capitalizes on this. However, Team B (unless comprised of idiots) would be wary of Team A betraying them and perhaps would be extra cautious and pull out, allowing Team's C and A to engage, and then coming in to clean them both.   It becomes a game of strategy and politics. The fear of betrayal (as only one team could win) would  always  be there and would undermine any "agreements" that would be formed.   It becomes difficult by having bases and nexus' because then, if in a triangular map at least, (with 2 entrances to each base, not dissimilar to TT) you can easily have two teams gang up on the one, so it would be 3v2 and 3v1. Could be pretty bad. However, if the turrets are strong enough, and minions not OP, early game alliances like this could end up be pretty difficult and really risky, which could potentially lead to some hardcore feeding of the team being ganged up on. Also, politics comes into play again. Is it worth risking it? What's to stop Team B from changing lanes and moving in behind Team A while they're sieging Team C, and getting in some really early ganks? Would you pass up 3 easy ganks when it would give your team the winning edge, just so you can try to take down a tower? Alliances are probably more of a risk than they are a benefit, unless you know you can trust someone. And are you really going to trust Team A when you know that even if the two of you wipe Team C, A still has to go through you?   I'd try it out. Sounds kind of fun!   Another idea is perhaps changing the game mode. What else could it be? I don't really know. One game that I recall being a lot of fun with a similar game mechanic back when it was first released was  Infantry  which sported a number of flags (3-5, I don't recall) and three teams, and the point was to capture and hold all the flags for a period of time in order to win. Not sure how something like that would work for this kind of game, however. But the three teams thing was hilariously awesome and made for some awesome fights.
1	I've similar bad experiences with VG before as well.   I was in the top 4 of a tourney about 5 months ago, and I was playing in the D (edit: the lowest of 4 tournaments at the times, as there only A, B, C, D) tournament. We were ready to play our quarter final and were supposedly guaranteed 4th place RP, if we lost our next two games. One of our players had to leave, so we had to get a ringer to replace him. We had a person join, we asked if him if he went through the lobby, he said yes.   Before our game even started, some mods came into our channel, telling us that the guy that had joined our team is a smurf, and was fairly certain we were all in a Skype call, trying to scam this tournament. After being "lied to" because we didn't understand his question, we were disqualified from the tournament and did not receive our RP for 4th place.   After that I was told, Mods can pretty much do whatever they want by some lower staff in the lobby.   Fys was the one that made all these decisions and I really dislike how he handled our case. I'm glad to see that I'm not the only one that went through something bad with VG.
1	I personally feel movement should mostly be based on what a champions role is designed to be.   Take Braum for example he is a big guy which in real life would usually mean he is slower, plus he is carrying a huge shield, lets compare him to a worlds strongest man competitor - when they are running with a heavy item they don't go fast they can get at best a jogging speed, but he has a ms of 335.   Now we take Ezreal he is a small guy with not much to carry, his body build and characteristics as an explorer allow you to assume he should be able to run a hell of a lot faster than braum (yes with all the belts he would slow down but lets ignore that fact), now ezreal has a base ms of 325 which is 10 slower than braum's base ms.
1	people are only moaning about the meta because it doesn't match their playstyle and they are reluctant/don't know how to adapt.   In actual fact if you look at the game it has never been so balanced before, if they make any major changes to the current meta I can't see it being for the better. Early game is no longer as strong, but if you get really ahead you have to be much better than the other team and actually use your advantage and keep playing well to prevent the other team from coming back, this punishes teams which are lazy and start derping after they get a lead thinking its a win anyway. In the snowball meta you could just get a lead, derp around and still win which is kinda unfair and sometimes luck based. If you look at the champions they are actually really balanced atm aswell, win rates for the best champions are at around 53-54%, which are usually much higher at around the 56-57% mark. This suggests that the game is really balanced and many champions can have a big impact and no one champions just stomps everything, i.e. team composition and skill/teamwork with certain champions is more important to win games. This is even evident with bans as now when I play there are so many good champions to ban that i struggle to decide which one to choose.
1	One day every single post will just be a sentence or two of
1	It would be nice if the meta wasn't actually required. I believe TotalBiscuit mentioned at one point that the meta doesn't really apply at lower skill levels. Granted, he was talking about SC2 when he said that, but I believe that the same can be applied to lower tier LoL as well.   Because nobody is going to have the perfect mechanics to make the meta work at lower ratings, it mostly comes down to which team has the better teamwork/vision, or at least it's up to the person who has snowballed to make sure the rest of his/her team snowballs to a victory. If that means taking Xin mid after seeing a squishy purely mid AP taken by the enemy, as long as Xin is one of your better champions and your better actual AP champions are either picked, banned, or countered by their pick, then I'd say do it.
1	I think you might be missing my point, I'm not the best at explaining things anyways. Junglers in the current version of the game don't have as much of a problem with setting up ganks, especially at high levels of play. Most squishy champs have some form of escape (Corki with Valk, Kass with Void walk, Jax with leap strike) as well as flash being the most commonly used summoner spell. What counters escapes is hard CC (Fears, stuns and knock-ups) which eve has none of now and would have little of if this remake happened.   The remake that the person suggested is more centered around wards making the game slower paced. Junglers don't gank often enough to make the game fast paced because of wards currently but making new wards that gave less vision  of enemy champions would just make players turtle up and play even less aggresive.
0	Not really. Games in general stimulate the brain, and improve senses, problem solving, and intuition. Games that require critical thinking, like puzzles and stealth mission games, are even better for you. TV on the other hand, is just passive. If anything TV stimulate the emotional parts of your brain, which can induce some negative impact (not always, and not for all people...this is not a law just a theory) on the thinking process.
1	Dodge depends on RNG. Which fuckin sucks sometimes... as a player maining jax i can tell ya... sometimes it's sooo sooo bad... whole wave of creeps attacking you and you only get 1 proc.   I didn't read that wall of text but i'm going to say what i know about dodge(evasion) vs armor. Dodge can 100% ignore a hit, 39% of the time (my dodge on jax), by dodging it. But it's based on RNG. Armor ignores let's say 39% of the damage (-/+ armor pen) 100% of the time. Take your pick.
1	I realize this is an incomplete answer, but something that helps me keep cool is explicitly distinguishing between areas that affect me versus areas I am able to affect.   Here's a (albeit cheesy) framework we can use to categorize events in our life:   Circle of Concern: All things that matter to us in some way.   Circle of Influence: Things we can do something about.   [Illustration](   Our Circle of Influence is both within and significantly smaller than our Circle of Concern. Areas of our life which fall within our Circle of Concern but outside of our Circle of Influence warrant our attention, but we simply are unable to do anything about them (by definition).   Lets take some common things in League that fall within our two circles:   Concern:     I have toxic teammates arguing stubbornly over a lane in draft.        I disapprove of my teammate's unconventional (in my opinion nonviable) champion pick.        I have been counter-picked and have to play a very difficult lane matchup.       My teammate disconnected and I'm forced to play a 4v5.        My bottom lane has been feeding badly during laning phase, and I am now dying as a top-laner to a fed enemy AD carry during teamfights.          (note: These examples are something you could potentially do something about in certain situations, (e.g. politely asking your teammate if they will change their unconventional champion pick) but I feel they illustrate things that may upset us while playing.)   Influence:     I can communicate to my jungler my concerns surrounding my lane matchup and let he or she know I would like an early gank if possible.       I can adjust my build in anticipation of teamfights versus a fed enemy champion from another lane.        I can ignore toxic chat and instead focus on productive discussion that contributes to team coordination.        As a top lane, I can offer to swap with my mid who is having difficulty in a particular matchup.        As a jungler, I can cover mid lane after my teammate AFK's.          We get angry. It happens. The important thing for us to do is ask ourselves:   "Is this something that's in my Circle of Concern or Circle of Influence?"   There will always be many more things in life that affect us than there are things we can do something about. By clarifying which is which, we are able to not waste any unnecessary time and attention in the first area, and we can effectively allocate our limited resources into the second.   Extra notes:   This is not my original idea, but it's something which has been absolutely formative of my attitude in life.   It's true that this framework can be further  parsed into Circle of Concern/Influence/Control, but I believe this is largely unnecessary towards the purpose of this post.
1	This happened to our team last night, and I was in a game with two other friends. We were purple team, and we were the only ones who were getting dc'd. This seemed to happen at the most inopportune time. Our team dc'd and you could see the blue team moving around, but we all had the "Attempting to reconnect" message. We lost towers, and died during these dc's. Worst part, blue team thought they were that good, we were actually doing good for having all the dc issues. Blue team started trash talking, saying stuff like "God said it shall be, and the blue team will win".   I've also had the issue where I dc and I can't reconnect and that match is still on.
1	I think if the argument hear is harassment then Riot should make it so you can disable the boarder if you wish.   However I do not believe that is why everyone is upset and up voting this.  The pros listed here are trying to say that it is easier to get gold in 3's. I will say that I believe that to be true in actual gameplay but not everyone has friends in league. Not everyone who has friends has a flexible schedule to play on ranked teams.   What does that have to do with anything? I would say that it is easier for many maybe not a majority but many to get gold or higher in solo q than taking time to organize and play with a team.   If we took the logic presented by upset solo q players and applied that to people that only play ranked 5's and normals for their solo q they would make a case that solo q doesn't deserve the same rewards as them because it is "harder".
1	I agree with this 100%! Over the summer I played every day for hours trying as hard as I possibly could to advance to platinum from high gold, before failing and having to quit when my school semester began.   Every game began with me feeling intense nerves and being unbelievably critical of my own and often my teammates' mistakes. After failing to reach plat I took 2-3 month break for the school semester and was able to play again for 3 days during my Thanksgiving break which ended yesterday.   I was so happy to be able to play again that I decided to queue up for ranked and not worry about winning or losing, just to have fun and play whatever I wanted to, not champs I found OP or strong. I also decided to apologize for every mistake I made in chat, even if I knew it wasn't really my fault. If my teammate failed his flash and died during an invade- I'd just laugh it off and make a joke so they wouldn't feel bad. I never raged, got upset, or responded to flamers and just had fun playing, and the results were amazing.   I got from low Gold 3 (due to rating decay) to Plat 5 in about 2 days, without losing a single game after winning my gold 3 promos. I played mainly Swain, Ziggs and Lucian which are definitely strong champs but ones I had never picked up before quitting, and had so much fun playing it seemed like my team was bound to win no matter what the circumstances were.   There were games where our top lane would lose and their top laner would gank me multiple times mid, without him calling mia and me falling 30-40 cs behind, a scenario that would've made me rage insanely hard a few months ago. Instead I relaxed, apologized for not landing a stun that would've helped me escape, and focused on outplaying my opponents from behind. In the end I was able to win my lane every single game and gank other lanes to snowball them as well, without feeling a single ounce of pressure or nerves.   It was just fun, I bought Ziggs with the money I had saved on the first day of break and was playing him like I had my entire life! Instead of trying to focus on one role (I usually only play ADC) I offered to play anything except jungle, which I suck horribly at, and happily worked around my teammates' choices for roles.   I guess I'm rambling at this point but the
1	My story:   Season 1 : I basically joined the game, so i had tons of fun discovering all the bits and such. I knew there was some competitive scene, but its not possible to compare it with one we have nowadays.   Season 2 : The game posed a bigger challenge to me now. I started playing ranked a lot, was kinda disappointed i had archived only gold. But i had tons of fun watching streams of pros.   Season 3 : I could say I understood the game, i archived ~50lp D1 at EUW. I was daily spectating LCS and such, but i played the game less.   Season 4 : I trasffered from EUW to EUNE, because most of my friends are playing there. Archived Challenger, enjoying the game in its depth. Playing a lot less and when i do, i enjoy it the most of all the seasons.
1	Yeah, the  >came closer to taking a series against SSB than any other team   really confused me. In the history of LoL the closest team to taking a series off them was always SSW in OGN, and finally SSW managed to do so in Worlds.   As for over more than one game looking "the best" against them...what? For anyone who has properly been following OGN, SSB ran a trolly comp they knew would would most likely not work for them. They were prepared for that. They ran an almost identical composition (difference in being AP Kog vs Jayce on dade) in the series against KT A and got absolutely crushed. They only dared to run such an experimental composition (to get some experience with more poke-y comps) against C9, a Western team, because they know it would never work for them in Korea.   Then you go on to Game 2 and 3 where C9 got absolutely rekt. Sure they had somewhat of a longer game length in comparison to SSW but that's just the nature of SSB's playstyle.   If you're going to argue about Game 4 being "close" then you have to watch the game again. The Game 4 was only "close" in the sole last moments where dade decided to go for his world-famous WC throws again. Getting caught out where he should not have been and baited three of his team members in. The game before that was still in SSB's favor and they were by that point in time poised to take the game down with another team fight due to their scaling having already surpassed SSB's (Maokai > Rumble, Rengar > Lee, Yasuo > Talon, Twitch > Corki, and Nami/Braum are both supports so it wouldn't matter). I must reiterate to you (and to /u/JuliaAndFriends) that it really wasn't a "close series", it was a "SSB systematic stomp with dade almost throwing one game".   Re-watch KT A vs SSB OGN summer final, Game 1 of this series, and Game 4 --- Game 2/3 are no doubtedly complete SSB stomps so don't bother. After scrutinizing these games will anyone be able to stop saying they were "close series" and realize SSB's strength in that series as much as anyone else. If you want to put the reason for a near 2-2 it wouldn't be anyone on C9 --- it'd be Dade's random and improper positioning and almost-throw. C9 was able to take Dade's mistake and attempt to capitalize on it, I'll give you that --- after all C9 certainly isn't brain-dead and has a degree of competence that no other NA team has shown thus far but to call them "close" to taking a series off SSB? No, just no.   At least, though, I can understand where the argument of C9 vs SSB being close stems from, despite how misled and deluded and fragile it is. What I find absolutely unbearable is any TSM fan saying "TSM did well against SSW" and that "Game 3 was TSM reverse-stomping". No, SSW attempted to style upon them in the most condescending way (with the one of the most lackluster, unintelligent draft phases the Korean scene has seen). TSM is still full of 5 people who can click around, and no matter the skill, the champions' power spikes cannot be ignored. When SSW didn't attempt to style they blazed through anyone in their way (besides SSB, their former pre-worlds OGN kryptonite they had to get over, but that's another discussion).
0	How funny how people see things... years ago I found myself homeless after leaving the military (literally living on the streets). On Christmas night I found a $20 bill wrapped in a receipt on the road. I had a cheap jumbo jack earlier but was starving as I barely had enough money to eat any meal everyday. As I didn't own a car and had to walk everywhere I went to the only restaurant that was close by...but it was about to close. This was on Christmas for fuck's sake! And do you know what this restaurant crew did? They served me a steak dinner (that I hadn't been able to afford in a while) and treated me with respect no matter that they could tell I was homeless. Actually they (including the cooks and busboy!) sat at the table and we bullshitted about a bunch of shit. That day changed my life. I owe everything that I have now - my business, home, vehicles, etc to those great caring people who made me realize that I was special and that suicide wasn't the answer...even though they didn't know I was suicidal and we never talked about it. Don't EVER think that people don't affect other peoples lives.
1	I wholeheartedly agree with this post. Ever since the inception of the League System, it has made playing ranked more of a chore than before.   Before, the League System was introduced, the ELO ladder was a singular ladder with a flat number that represented where you were skill-wise compared to others. It told you what your MMR was and the level of people that you play against and wins/losses were directly related to going up or down the ladder.   The current system, however, places you into into a Division between 1-5 in a tier (Challenger, Diamond, Platinum, Gold, Silver, or Bronze), and to progress within your division, you have to win a best-of-3 series to move up to get to Division 1. To promote entire tiers however, you need to win a best-of-5 series to move up to the next tier and Move up overall in the system.   The fault with the former ELO system was that it seemed daunting to play against others on an ENORMOUS ladder with hundreds of thousands of others that were fighting for higher positions as well. However, it was straightforward with your skill level and told you where you were as compared to everyone else.   Now with the League system, you can't drop Tiers any more, you can't see your MMR, and it takes a minimum of 16 games to move from tier to tier(assuming you win one game in your division to get your series each time). This means that you never know what your true skill rating is since you may play with people outside your division, you can never tell how you actually place overall since you can never drop tiers if you get outmatched in a tier you're placed in. Lastly, It also means that You have to win and play way more games in order to move up in the rankings. I can't remember where it is but there was a post a long time ago talking about how 2 teams in ranked 3v3s went 5-0 in placement and both were placed in silver and gold respectively. For the Silver team to reach the same position as the gold team, they requires a total  of 39 wins more to reach the same position, making their w/l ratio 44-0 to the already gold team's ratio of 5-0.
0	There's a number of scientific studies showing how our "rating" people is actually innate. (can't find them atm) Its more of a comparative perspective applied in a larger system. IE: would I rather go out with person a or b? B. Then n is higher than a. Person c comes along, and they are higher than b. then D is lower than c, but higher than B, so you eventually just use a general scale, rather than some kind of mental list of people you find attractive from most to least.   It also allows for an easier discussion with others. (socialization is important for both sexes, and attraction to others is something we pretty much all share, and can discuss) This rating system is easier than saying "well, he's better looking than Brad, but not as good as Kyle." Only to have the other people not know who either of those people are. Its far easier to describe someone as an "8" than try to figure out who knows who, and how attractive each person is, etc.
1	Basically every video is gonna be the same with a bronzie or a newbie trying to Learn Yasuo or Riven and failing. Literally, I have seen plays made and made plays with a lot of champs: teemo, soraka, cho, sona, thresh,  TARIC +NUNU NEMESIS DRAFT BROS4LYFE , Kennen, Annie, Kog'Maw, Singed, Ezreal, Draven, hell, if Taric didn't convince you, I've seen someone 1v4 as fucking Rammus. He died, but he got a Quadra. I'm not a good player by any means, and I've only made plays on a few of them, not all, but I've seen it done. Don't say a champ can't make plays just because they' don't 5 passive and bs mechanics.
0	GW Poster here (throwaway). With answers to our own experience. We are a healthy couple with great communications, great sex life, and two kids! We don't get to go out much either, this is a fun way for us to 'escape' and just be adults. Of course we must be parents first and put the kids to sleep. After that we may have a drink or two and have fun in front of the camera. I enjoy photography, and she did modeling a few years ago. We enjoy the compliments and find the dirty PM's exciting. Now onto WHY. Initially, soon after our youngest was born, my wife had become very self-conscience with her appearance, despite all of my reassurances. So, being a redditor and frequenting the subreddit, I decided that maybe an outside opinion would count better than my own. I brought up the topic to her first, and she agreed. We took a hot photo-set and shared our favorite. Of course the responses were fantastic and has rebuilt her confidence, and it's given us a bonding experience.  note  we don't post our faces, we even take off our wedding bands, and we actually use a separate room for a set.  It's been so much fun that we bought a few work-lamps from Home Depot for better lighting. Anything we share, we take extra precautions to remove any identifiers in our pictures, because we assume that they WILL be spread to other sites, because they probably will.
0	So. I totally know where you're coming from. I had brain damage and short term memory loss. There is a gap in my life that I just simply cannot remember. I have memories based on what people tell me happened and pictures, but they're not actual memories.   It really embarrassed me for a long time. I hated telling people because there was always the inevitable asshole with the über witty comment of,"oh, so that's wrong with you. HAHA!"   I can honestly say...it gets better. Create a system of writing yourself notes, emailing yourself, and your smartphone is your friend. It has totally revolutionized my capability for organization and memory.
0	I worked at a non-profit without pay for 5 months, and I worked my hardest there because they respected me and everyone was really friendly. Now they started paying me.  Money isn't the only motivator for good work.
1	You have 11 ranked games played as Kassadin. This isn't enough at all for you to learn him, and 8-3 isn't anything special with that low of a sample size (I used to have a 100% win rate as Ahri. Out of 8 games. This doesn't mean Ahri isn't "meh" in the current meta).   >First of all he is melee, and you can't count on his W or R for damage. Yes, you can use them to add more damage, but it's too risky and you're usually better off using Q and E for burst, R as an escape / repositioning and not using W at all. Even if you constantly spam Q, E, R and autoattack with W on, he doesn't have as much DPS as the Ryze, Karthus and Cassiopeia. And they don't have to take risks to do their DPS. By this I mean more risk than they already have.   Knowing when to W is one of the most important parts of playing Kassadin... why would you be better of not using it at all? I'll create a scenario.     Your team has Caitlyn, Kassadin, Janna, Jax, and Jarvan IV. The enemy team has Kennen, Lux, Draven, Lulu, and Nautilus.   The enemy team is going to try to get Kennen into your team, with an ult from Nautilus onto Caitlyn to hold her down. Your Jarvan IV and Jax are going to be diving onto the enemy team. It's now up to you and Janna to peel.   Kennen goes in. You Rift up to him, and QE him to stop him from ulting if you're fast enough. Now, Caitlyn and you can attack the silenced, slowed Kennen. You're dealing 0.3 AP autoattacks. If he doesn't die, he's going to ult and Zhonyas. Rift away from him, and get onto Nautilus. RQE him and smack him with some W autoattacks.   Now, by this time, Jax and Jarvan IV are ending their fight with Draven, Lux, and Lulu. All of them are low, but now your AD carry is free of the major threat (Kennen) and only has to deal with Nautilus a bit longer. Soon, you'll have a DPS machine joining you. Rift over to Draven or Lux, whoever is closest, and start autoattacking them. If you get turned onto, Zhonyas or Seraphs.   If Draven isn't dead, you're going to have to run away for a few seconds until your cooldowns are up (maybe drop Riftstacks too depending on how the fight went). If he's dead, go onto Lux. After her cooldowns are down, she kind of just has to take the W autoattacks.   Another way this could have played out was for you to have joined J4 and Jax immediately, and killed Draven while using Zhonyas/Seraphs to survive the engagement. Once the AD carry is dead, and if their backline is relatively unprotected, you won't face much retaliation by using Nether Blade.
0	Finally someone with some sense. These people are all just mad. Saying that she didn't accomplish anything because her parent payed for it all is like saying a college degree isn't an achievement because someone else payed for you to go there (loans, parents, grandparents). Honestly do you think if any of these people's parents had tons of money they would deny the finer things and live as the righteous peasants they perceive themselves as now? On another note, it would be pretty sweet to bang her and travel the world..like reverse Aladdin style.
0	I see it's been answered, but what I don't see is that the end of this tube is a string, that hangs out the end of your dick. Even the slightest of breezes is really uncomfortable.   When you're all healed, you tug on that fucker to get the stent out. In most cases you don't need a urologist to do it, and it can be done yourself. Pulling it out really isn't bad once it gets moving, but building up the balls to tug on a string hanging out of your dick is certainly unnerving (it took me an hour to suck it up and do it). Then you get to experience random bouts of renal colic for a few days after it comes out. It's a lovely experience let me tell you.
0	Different situation but slightly relavent. I used to work as a waiter, and one day a man cones in begging for money for gas, because his car just went out. Long story short, I felt bad for the guy and gave him $20, and he said he'd pay me back and gave me his number. He never came back, and he changed his number. That was two hours worth of wage...
1	If you want me to spam this subreddit with these kinds of posts by fucking god i will. I'm tired of fucks like you and all the other smug high elo dbags that are like "well, like, yeah bro you just need to like carry yourself out of there. just like do it." This is at 1300 elo. Get it into your head: IT HAPPENED 5 TIMES IN A ROW. I'M NOT EXAGGERATING, AND NEITHER IS ANYONE ELSE THAT POSTS ABOUT ELO HELL FRUSTRATION. Honestly you aloof little fucks need to just stop it, seriously just because you're lucky enough not to experience it on a consistent basis does not mean there isnt someone on the other end of the spectrum experiencing it on a CONSTANT basis. Get it into your fucking head. Comments liek this are exactly why I made this post, and even when I give PROOF of what happened after you all say "oh its never THAT bad" (I just fucking showed you its THAT bad) you decide to say, "oh that's only one time". If it was only one time, would I really find it worthwhile to post on reddit? Hell if it was only once a DAY I would be fucking happy. I have to completely dominate any game where I have teammates that a) dont rage b) dont intentionally feed c) dont disconnect/leave game just to stay at the same elo because i literally have a 1:1 ratio of games that are "normal" and games that have these assholes in them.
1	Blizzard's programmers have nothing to do with League of Legends programmers, replay functions exist. The code for it exists. The concept exists. You don't need to be a rocket scientist to make it work. We've also seen countless programs made from fans that work just as well.   When you design software you actually have a specific set of functions you wish to perform. The constraints come from the logic and the actual ability to perform those functions. For example, I do not write code so that I avoid making every single turn but a left turn, instead I code so that I turn left.   I don't understand how you somehow equate client to game. Those are two very completely different pieces of software. That's like saying your excel spreadsheet is fucked up because Excel is fucked up.   Sure you need the client to start the game, but the game itself is a completely different entity. That's why replays work, you basically run a script that records everyone person's actions and mouse movements and key presses, then you write the actions into a file that you then make a special "rito" format. You then run those actions across processors (or computer players). That is your replay function right there.   Then you insert break code so that you can assume the screen region location of any computer at any given time. That way you can say "If play clicked then assume control".   Essentially you would store these text files on people's local TMP folders for perhaps a month, then you would just delete them as you go. Starcraft had files forever... There is no reason not to have these files exist.   Replay code is simple, pretending like it takes them 5 years to make something so simple is pathetic. Asking them to fix anything is pathetic, these people MAKE money not fixing things because fixing things makes them boring. No one wanted to play Jax when they "fixed" him... everyone got upset when "one for all" got fixed... It's very common to think that fixing these things will make it better. Riot makes too much money to fix their shit and they know it. They are just as corrupted as the corporate game designers that make shitty games like Destiny and Heart of the Swarm.   They are the same people who design games like DayZ and expect you to wait that long for "the real thing"... We all know it'll never happen, we all know that whatever finished product they put out will never be finished. The best games I've ever seen are closed off CD games that never get updated.   So yea, I may not know all the code that goes into the client or the game, but here is your
1	If your elo is 1800 at the end of season 2, the soft reset will take you to 1500 for the start of season 3.  It's [(1200 + your current elo) / 2].  So don't worry too much.   More importantly even if I'm wrong about the soft reset formula, a soft reset has been announced so no matter what formula riot uses, everyone in your current game will be the same people in your post reset games.  2k people will still be fighting 2k people, but instead you'll be called 1600 people, this doesn't mean you are queuing with and against people who were 1600 last season.  Those 1600 people from last season will be called 1400 people after the reset.
0	You could say the same about just about any other subreddit.  If you don't like cute stuff that's fine, but it isn't anymore inane than most others.  And, as you brought up reposts in others (Don't bother me, but I could see why they would others), r/aww has virtually none.
1	I'm around 1300-1400 bracket.   I have so much easy times climbing out of 1200 to 1300. I find climbing outta 1300 is so fucking hard. I got to every game with positive attitude, i try to remain positive as long as I can. If we are doing good or somewhat good, I am the nicest person in the world, but nothing just makes me rage harder than solotop or any other lane that blames jungler. Also when some1 goes fullderp and is 0/6/0 or something, I just can't help myself.   Am I alone with this?
1	I think he was fine pre-rework, maybe needed a little tuning, but they destroyed him. Basically he could pick people off and keep them from escaping with permaslows, if he couldnt quite get a pick, he was a fantastic peeler with the same permaslows. Now he struggles more at picking people off because his gapclose sucks--since he no longer has permaslows, the attack speed oriented parts of his kit are kind of not particularly good anymore because he cant keep autoing someone who is slowed...they just run away.   The argument was that there was little counterplay to being permaslowed, but a counterargument would be that in order to get permaslowed by skarner, you have to get slowed in the first place (he has to get basically melee range of you) -- if you get hit by a fizz ult and die, theres not much counterplay at that point. But maybe you should have just not gotten hit by the ult, eh?
0	Best of luck at the endo man...Mine was a jerk, no joke did MRI scans to check why my T was low, then said nothing came up but he won't treat patients at my age -- and from reading online most are not going to treat you unless you are over fifty in that case....but back to your question, I did try topicals and do not recommend for a few reasons but I'll keep it short, they are nasty and stick to your clothes...plus you can't regulate the actual amount of testosterone your body absorbs. The shots are shots which scared me at first, but literally now I look forward to getting my two shots every week...in fact I drive 30 minutes away to get the shots from a clinic.
1	Hi there! This looks pretty nice, but there are a few things I'd like to say about it. First, and this is incredibly optional because it's easy to resize if one cares about that sort of thing, include a natural resolution, x1 size^^[when ^^pixels ^^are ^^only ^^one ^^pixel ^^in ^^length, ^^as ^^opposed ^^to ^^the ^^five ^^here] when displaying pixel art, mostly so people who would like to critique it, like me, can do so at its normal size. Second, It looks pretty nice! Most of the issues I have with it are palette choice. Specifically, her skin tones are nearly invisible on the environment, so your friend could probably switch around the darker color so it sticks out more on the mountain. The greens on the armor bits are a bit strange as well. She could very easily have only used three colors instead of the four there. As I was typing this out, I got a wee bit carried away and ended up editing it myself to make sure I wasn't completely wrong about what I was talking about, and as such, this exists now:  x1  x5   Most of what I did was to make sure it was readable at natural resolution. You'll mostly see that in the sash. Also, I made the highlights on her hair[and sword? Can't remember] pure white so it's more noticeable.
0	Haha, not necessarily! After that first night we worked out a system where we extended out the side of the bed with pillows (of which had a lot????) and it worked out ok. Also, he'd spend the place at mine equally, and I had a bigger bed. When we moved in together we picked out a new mattress together.
1	While I think Bruisers are becoming a little too stong, myself, I don't think it's the end of AP carries. We could easily send them botlane where they would demolish an AD carry. Especially since the meta has changed to aggressive supoprts, many of which lack a heal. Sending perhaps lux bot lane would stop any sort of aggression quite well while also allowing for quick burst against an AD carry. The AD carry and support could then jungle instead, allowing for a quick farm up, buffs going to the lanes, and nice ganks from maybe a leona stun from the bush followed by a corki burst with a bruiser there as well to top off the damage. In my opinion, I think this could lead to a radical change in meta which would suit the roles of current champions quite well.
0	I think of anal sex like basketball.   When I'm watching the pros play basketball, I want to see big huge dudes doing dunks and spin moves and all kinda of crazy moves.   When I play basketball, I just want to get a few laps running up an down the court, get some exercise, maybe hit a jump shot or two, try a hook shot.   If I try to dunk and slamma jamma and do all these between-the-legs hot-dog moves, I'll just end up looking like an idiot, losing the game, and in all likelihood injuring myself terribly.   Same goes for anal sex. When I'm watching the pros, oh yeah, I wanna see some sexy, hairless, toned people doing some kinky ass-pounding, DP, gaping, slap-that-ass kinda banging.   When I have sex, I'd like to do a couple two three four positions, maybe enjoy some oral beforehand, have an orgasm and get my lady one, and go crack a beer and chill in bed for a while.   If I tried to have that freaky anal butt-loving with all the ATM and the piledriver and whatnot, I'm certain there would be hair and blood and poo and god knows what involved, and I'd be unlikely to have a good orgasm, and someone certainly might end up injured, if only emotionally.
0	While I do agree with you on the overall point, TECHNICALLY, as long as the portion after "
1	Fuck you.   Look on your minimap. Put wards there. Stop crying over bullshit like this. Everyone tries to be like the pros, but they also do not call mia's in soloq. Because they are actually intelligent enough to use the minimap and wards somewhat correctly.   Learn to do that too.
0	He's only half black so only half of him is 3/5 of a human being.
0	Well if someone uses your brand name and a) is poorly run or damaging to the brand, or b) off message, for example raising money for a different issue - then yeah it would make sense to try and shut that down. They can open back up with another name. You want to control your brand and image.   Going after someone very small however can just make you look like a jerk and tarnish your brand anyway. Defense requires a sound strategy, and  my guess is that they haven't (or hadn't) quite figured it out. (Ex. "We'll go after EVERY infringement we find to send a message not to use our brand" ...well message received, but probably not the one you wanted).
0	Collision repair guy checking in:   All stock HID and LED Headlights have two areas of brightness, one for below the windshield of oncoming cars, and one for an area drivers will see coming the opposite direction. Obviously the lower area is much brighter and almost forms a perfect line before it becomes a more tolerable brightness.   This height is carefully set the manufacturer and should not be adjusted by the owner. In fact, the height of the left (oncoming traffic side)  headlight is actually lower than the right to be better for other drivers on 2 lane roads.   Aftermarket kits, even if they do have 2 brightness areas, are usually never aimed properly and are therefore blinding.   But for the record, the OEM LED headlights on the new Acura TLX are a little to bright for other drivers.
0	I also thought that when I first heard of it.   When I was in high school, I was trying really hard to figure out religion. I was raised that I needed to figure things out for myself (no religion or belief was ever forced on me, nor where any ever put down around me). I also thought you HAD to pick one. On my way home from school, I passed by the Church of Scientology every day. It made me very curious as I was starting to come to the conclusion that all religions were just stories and most of them had some really nasty lessons in them that I thought were morally wrong. I was thinking that a religion that used the word "science" was based on things that could be proven time and time again and that there were no bullshit fairy tales that had no truth base.   This was also the late 90s, so looking things up on the internet wasn't as useful as today. Finding literature on Scientology in libraries also quickly became futile. What thankfully made me turn away was when while I was trying to learn about Scientology, I started coming across things involving Christian Sciences. Hoo boy! Reading up on that sure made me realize quickly that just because the word "science" is used, doesn't mean there's any science involved. I'm just thankful that I stopped perusing it before I actually went in to learn. After all the stories I've heard over the years, there's no way in hell I would've been able to leave. Their brain washing techniques have swayed even the most intelligent of people. And especially since at the time I believed you had to be of some religion and was rather lost in it all. I would've been a prime candidate for them.
1	There are no "unsafe" champions nowadays. Sneaky said on Sunday as long as his flash is up, he really hadnt to worry about getting engaged on, and he played KogMaw, one of the most immobile champions in the game. The combination of summoner spells with the defensive abilities from your team (which there are a lot of in a time where most teams get a Lulu top or a Orianna mid ontop of your support) makes literally no enemy a worthwile target unless there are major positioning errors. You maybe could say they had no hard engage anyways, but it is kind a self fulfilling prophecy: If it is too hard to engage, you wont even pick champions with good engage capabilities.   Seriously what champions nowadays do you pick if you want to teamfight a lot? Maokai and Vi where you fly deep behind enemy defense lines because the adc flashes while you jump to them? Malphite and Hecarim where in the worst case you miss your target because they flashed, leaving you defenseless? Fiddlesticks and Lissandra who rely heavily on flanking enemies (which got harder because of trinkets) and also get poked during sieges? Renekton, Nasus and Shyvana which get ccd and the heavily kited? Every assassin which will not break through the heals and shield? The only teamfight pressure whatsoever nowadays comes from supports with their optional self follow up. Leona ult didnt hit? Just dont go in play safe again? Morgana binding hit a valuable target? Flash+Ult+Blackshield+maybe zhonyas. Nami bubble did hit? Let the tides come!   This was always on the edge of being a problem in LoL, the differences between season 2 and season for though is now you have even more tools to defend with items that can cleanse and supports that are even able to buy these, with enough champions that you always can pick a good poke combo with enough stun pressure so you dont get engaged on regardless of bans, with enough trinkets wards and vision that traps are mostly a thing of the past.   League became too calculative. If you dont make mistakes (which the pros dont do a lot) you wont die. There is no uncearnity, there is no risk taking. In an attempt to be able to counter every aggressions if you play right it happend, you can now counter everything, not by following your own plans, but by stopping the enemy right in their tracks. See become heavy defense based supports become a thing again (like sona, soraka, janna) and you can say goodbye to kills in league of legends.
0	this is going to be buried way down in the comments, but i can identify and here's my story:   i was back to my first motocross race after being off the bike for a while as i recovered from one of several injuries i'd suffer in my attempt at being a decent racer. i ran a practice session and felt good so i decided to stick with it and line up for the race. switched out to fresh (dry) gear and rolled to the gate almost late. i got my goggles on (typical last step), pulled in the clutch, held the rpm's up, and stared at the entrance to the first corner with the lust of a fat guy at an all you can eat bbq. the gate dropped, and the race was on. unfortunately, about that same time i spotted something in my peripheral vision. within the time it took to slip up into 3rd gear it came into plain view, and it was obviously a spider. i figured the vibrations from the 2-stroke engine got him all worked up, so i took my left hand (the one not on the throttle) and quickly swiped my goggles. the spider was still there.   i've never been afraid of spiders, but this sudden realization that i had one trapped on the inside of goggles between my eyeballs and freedom was a feeling i'd never considered.   i'm pretty sure my girlish scream could be heard above the scream of 39 other 2 stroke engines, and instead of nailing that first turn i went straight, nearly taking out several other riders. after leaving the track, i nearly took out a few trees. by the time the bike finally stopped i'd unstrapped the chin strap and thrown the helmet and goggle combination off in one piece.
1	HAHAHA!!! So now we know why TSM's rotations and macro strategy fucking SUCKS! Because their owner/manager/whatever thinks "the game early is just about farming and surviving" lmfao!!! :'D Well...I can understand the frustration of casual viewers or bronze players because the pro game is so different from a solo queue game and they can't relate/dont really understand what is going on or what should be going on. But than again...if you kick the ball with a couple of friends in the backyard...you can't compare that to a professional soccer match either. So w/e. But for REGINALD to say that...lol. I mean laneswaps add such a depth of strategy to the game...just watch a 3 year old vod and compare it to today...maybe there were a couple more kills in the early game 3 years ago. HURRAY! But the game was way more straight forward and easy strategic whise..all you had to think about back then was having a team comp with synergy and you were good to go.   Riot IS taking the wrong approach though. It's just an other point. Which is how Riot, for some unknown dumb "Hi I am Phreak: Bo3 is better than Bo5 because the better team will win in Bo3 and Bo5 is just waste of time"-logic, hates lane swaps and always try their hardest to make them impossible. But since those balancing monkeys have no clue what so ever how any changes they make impact the game, they end up making a change that FORCES everyone into lane swapping...which actually is really hilarious :D (like the no early trinket meta...jeez that was dumb)
0	It happens with older mothers too, my mother actually.   My sister was 17 at the time and asked my mother WEEKS before to go to a movie premiere.  My mother decided that same day to go to a casino with my dad (Mother was in her late 30s by then) and said my sister couldn't go, leaving her with me (age 5) and my sister (age 9) in the house alone.   Well her boyfriend came over furious because my parents were being giant douches to her (always have been, my father disliked her for a long time since she was from my mother's previous marriage). She ended up going for a walk with him for an hour in the park while we slept. My parents got home before her and was pissed at her for leaving us alone sleeping.   I think they shouldn't have gone out, and it's their fault for being faulty parents.
0	If you are not even remotely qilling to discuss what is said in an intellectually honest manner and all you have to provide are personal attacks and self-righteous diamissals why bother responding at all?   Once you are willing to thoroughly discuss the arguments made, come back. So far the only thing you have proven is your arrogance and you not being ashamed of your anti-intellectual attitude.   It's nice that you believe you are right and I am wrong  Goos for you. The problem is: You are wrong. And as long as you don't provide proper arguments and discuss things in a thorough and falsifiable manner you must be considered full of shit.   Your assessments of my position are wrong an ignorant. The rest of your statements are wild claims that you haven't substantiated. In the meantime you ignored and self-righteously dismissed everything I said, most likely because you know you have no arguments against what I said.
1	I actually do agree with this one. I was playing a ranked game (one out of the seven i have). We had a pantheon that wanted to go top. but he didn't say anytihng in chat. at all. he endeed up vs'ing a cho and i went xin jungle. he was doing ok. but he was building really weird. and doing really weird stuff. like going all in at level 2 when the enemy had the minion advantage and stuff. eventually i think we won so i decide to go check his lolking because he built a chalice on pantheon too. so i see he has no rune nor mastery pages. +he never said in anything at chat at all so there was a serious lack of comunication when i wanted to gank
1	assuming the die is perfectly cut.  This is fine for electronic dice, but for real dice, the faces need to be opposite to minimise unavoidable bias.
1	Taught my friend from scratch to play League, started with custom bot-games and just told him to just try things like cs, use skills etc and told him about the goal of the game, towers, dragons etc.   Took a few games just trying things out and then we could go against other players, I played botlane with him and just pretty much told him what to do (or rather, try to do) and kept track of things so he didn't get overwhelmed.   Just focus on a few things at the time and when they become natural you can start adding on more complexity like itemization, warding, looking at map, anticipating enemies.   Didn't take long before he got the hang of it, he was probably low silver in terms of skill at around level 20.   He had experience from games before though but the same thing should work, just more games required to also get a feel for the controls.   Just make sure to teach correctly from the start so she doesn't mouse-click abilities and the like, let it take the time it needs and be very patient!
1	Personaly I found its level 1-10 that is filled with smurfs, most non-smurfs at that level simply play bots. Got a few smurfs for the same reason as you, to play with a friend who just started, but when  I personally just started, the friend who made me start made a smurf, and he wasn't particularly good, honestly from hes skills I would say he probably belonged to 800 elo, but from that, he told me the philosophy of a lot of players at that elo, they all think they don't belong there, and that they can't get out, so they make a new account to start back to 1200 elo, and of course has to level that account. So
0	I had roommates with this logic. It's not exactly fair though. When my boyfriend moved in with me we showered together, watched tv at the same time, and shared a laptop, there's no way he contributed more to utilities. My roommate however ran a huge desktop computer 24/7 and then had to run a/c constantly to cool his room because the computer produced so much heat. Our power bill went up $100 in a month and he tried to blame it on my bf. He went so far as to claim that opening the fridge more often was the reason the power went up. At the same time he'd have his "sex slave" over for half the month who would bring her own laptop and shower separately. There was no resolution, my boyfriend and I had to move out and I still "owe" one roommate $100 for power that the other roommate should be paying for.
1	I think they don't want to be affiliated with the Olympics or suggest it, because the Olympics has multiple teams just looking for companies or people who are using or even implying word's such as "gold", "olympics", "bronze", "2012" and so on. There has been a lot of incidents in the past few weeks in London, where they are suing grandma's to companies.
1	Can we have a summary or if you want
0	I'm not really sure, but I read it in Adam Smith's  Theory of Moral Sentiments :   >How many people ruin themselves by laying out money on trinkets of frivolous utility? What pleases these lovers of toys is not so much the utility, as the aptness of the machines which are fitted to promote it. All their pockets are stuffed with little conveniences. They contrive new pockets, unknown in the clothes of other people, in order to carry a greater number.  They walk about loaded with a multitude of baubles, in weight and sometimes in value not inferior to an ordinary Jew's-box, some of which may sometimes be of some little use, but all of which might at all times be very well spared, and of which the whole utility is certainly not worth the fatigue of bearing the burden .
1	You may be looking at it from the wrong perspective. Riot is currently unsatisfied with the state of invisible heroes like Eve because they change the way the entire game works without necessarily even being remotely close to fights. Since you have chosen to use Evelyn, it is correct to abuse this mechanic.   With other junglers your are required to "make the gank happen" (i.e. blow a ghost/flash then CC someone who is not necessarily very far out of position, then win a fight 2v1, 3v2 etc.) but with Evelyn this is not required. I suggest you spend as much time as possible while jungling simply watching the lanes and trying to figure out timings where the opposing team pulls themselves out of position, then punish them for it. Put a couple points into your stealth so you don't have to worry about duration and be patient about allowing the other team to make a mistake by going in for a last hit or trying to be too aggressive.
0	Maybe I should have clarified my definition better. A circlejerk is where a bunch of like-minded people get together in one place and stroke each other's egos for think the same way. Anyone who thinks differently is usually met with hostility. Cases in point: /r/gaming has a nostalgia jerk, /r/AdviceAnimals has a racist, anti-women, anti-fat jerk, /r/worldnews has an anti-government jerk, and /r/childfree has an anti-child jerk. The thing about /r/childfree is that it wouldn't be so bad if it was a sub dedicated to talking about the merits of not have a child. Instead, it's a sub that is dedicated to hating anything that has to do with children, parents included, and pretends to be morally superior to all of them. Just the fact that you responded so vehemently to my comment shows that you are part of the circlejerk.
1	against Riven: Yes you want to start cloth 5 95% of the time.   The point of starting boots is mobility concerned.  It allows Riven to get in and, once she starts comboing them like crazy, she can also stick to them too.   However, here's what happens when you run up to someone with cloth + 5: Yeah, you can catch them, but they do more damage to you comparatively since they have armor.  Also, at the end of the trades, they have more pots to heal up.  All in all, you come out of every trade further behind.   Of course, boots also help you escape ganks better (though armor does help you survive ganks as well...).   So it also depends on who their jungler was.  Still, cloth + 5 is an a lot of extra health and resistance to justify the boots purchase.  There are variables (whether you were purple or blue, whether they had a gank-centric jungler, what summoners you were running, etc.), but its safe to say I think that the other Riven made the better choice.   That said, the way you described the situation, of course the Yi would be retarded.  I'm skeptical though... Yi has a pretty fast clear time and should, under no circumstances, be lvl 2 while you're lvl 4.  He'd have to have wasted all of his time camping and then decide to waste more of his time ganking, which is the WRONG way to play jungle yi.  I wouldn't have even called for the gank if he was that far behind and would've told him to just farm because either 1) It is clear he needs to farm and is being stoopid by not.  2) Yi is a weak ganker without red, and with it for that matter.  3) If you know that your Yi is bad, then you could've probably guessed he'd do something horrible like fail an easy gank.  That said, unless you're in ELO Hell or pre 30, I can't see a non-troll yi being this bad.   Dat
1	I think that's what other people are trying to get at... For some people, getting lots of kills is fun. For others, supporting their team and facilitating the destruction of the enemies's nexus is fun. For others, just playing as new champions and seeing what they are capable of is fun. There's a broad spectrum of what people think makes this game "FUN." Obviously, you enjoy the "getting kills" part, but it's very unfair to assume that EVERYONE who does not play support enjoys the "getting kills" part MORE than the "helping your team win" part. You keep saying "a small minority plays support," but I guarantee you that not ALL carries, junglers, and bruisers value their own kill number higher than whether or not their team wins... just like I guarantee that there is a contingency of support-players who actually enjoy killing more than winning. :)
1	Alot of people seemed to get bored by Monte defending himself. Although I think he took too much time defending himself, I totally understand that he wanted to. Because if someone with a pretty decent following (Reginald) just 'spews garbage' on your persona or your profession most humans would feel insulted. I also think that alot of people just can't separate the two things that are going on right now:   1)  Monte is a coach is partially responsible for the recent clg results and therefore his position should be evaluated after the season.  This point is completely valid. There have been things going wrong in the clg camp. He always said his remote coaching wasn't ideal, and he also admits being responsible for the recent results. We will probably hear about the consequences after the season is completely over.   2)  Monte does nothing. He doesn't coach, he only talks shit.   I can't believe not more people stand up for him in this case. This just feels so wrong. I personally don't feel like he's that trash talky at all, but I guess you can have different opinions on that. But then still I feel like that shouldn't have anything to do with him as a coach for clg. When people say things like 'Well if you talk shit, you can get shit', that doesn't mean you can just go around and spout garbage. If Monte talks shit (which I think is pretty limited, or might not be qualified as trash talk by all) it usually is based on statistics (like voyboy being middle of the pack, amazing's small champion pool, LMQ scrims). Sure he makes mistake and analyze things the wrong way, or misses out on a upward swing of teams he previously down talked. But he's in no way as malicious or as evil as some people make it out to be.
1	Colbycheeze is popular because he makes guides, is skilled, knowledgeable, and insightful with league. By looking at your account anyone can see you're not. What can you tell me that I didn't already know. You're not experienced enough to do that. You don't even have any runes. Go get plat in solo queue(no duo) then what you have to say would mean something. Until then you'll never get very popular. You'll get views(sycophants) because you're a girl but that's about it.   Your video makes me feel like you regurgitated the patch preview all over my brain. Awkwardly rushed and strangely mind numbing.... it was almost tolerable when muted.
0	none of those were due to a lack of belief in god?   > when a book that you think was inspired by the creator of the universe says to cut off people's heads you don't agree with   I don't know about the Koran, but these beheadings were not for "jihad" but they were limited for kings to rival nations....  It would be like asking for Bin Laden's head.  In non-war scenarios, the Bible condemns the actions as wrong.   Here are all references to beheadings     Judges 7:25 And they took two princes of the Midianites, Oreb and Zeeb ... and brought the heads of Oreb and Zeeb to Gideon....  This was a wartime action.  The Midianites had an army threatening the Israelites.  The beheadings occurred after a rout.     1 Samuel 17:57 - And as David returned from the slaughter of the Philistine, ... [he] brought ... the head of the Philistine in his hand.  Again... wartime action.   David had just slewed Goliath and saved the bloodshed that would have been spilled if the Philistines and Israelites battled.     2 Samuel 4:7-8 And they smote him, and slew him, and beheaded him, and took his head ... brought the head of Ishbosheth unto David....  "Ish-bosheth was assassinated in c 1005 B.C. by two of his own army-captains, Rechab and Baanah (2 Samuel 4:5), who expected a reward from David because of this. David, however, refused to give any commendation for high treason; he had both killers hanged with their hands and feet cut off. Ish-bosheth was buried in Abner's grave at Hebron."     2 Samuel 20:22 - And they cut off the head of Sheba the son of Bichri, and cast it out to Joab.  Wartime action.  Sheba was leading an army / revolution.     2 Kings 10:7-8 - [T]hey took the king's sons, and slew seventy persons, and put their heads in baskets, and sent him them to Jezreel. And there came a messenger, and told him, saying, They have brought the heads of the king's sons. And he said, Lay ye them in two heaps at the entering in of the gate until the morning.  This was genocide -> a grab for power by Jezreel... however it's condemned by the Bible -   "The prophet Hosea wrote in Hosea 1:4-5 that Israel was conquered by Assyria as a punishment allowed by God for the massacre of the Israelite dynasty of King Ahab carried out by Jehu at Jezreel."     Judith 13:2-11 - They were all overcharged with wine ... But Holofernes lay on his bed, fast asleep, being exceedingly drunk. ... Judith stood before the bed praying ... Strengthen me, O Lord God of Israel ... that I may bring to pass ... that it might be done by thee ... When she had said this, she ... loosed his sword ... And ... she took him by the hair of his head, and said: Strengthen me, O Lord ... And she struck twice upon his neck, and cut off his head ... And after a while she went out, and delivered the head of Holofernes to her maid, and bade her put it into her wallet.  wartime action - Holofernes' army was laying siege to Judith's city.  She posted the head on the wall of the city and the besieging army fled.
0	Please don't condescend to me. I'm fully aware that not everyone supports everything that feminism does, because I am one of those people. I despise tumblr feminists, radfems, and SRS for the very reason that they preach hatred, not love, and female superiority over gender equality. I do not see "small critiques of feminism" and flip out over them, I see things like /r/theredpill, and the idea of "alpha culture".   It's not even like I don't find those things funny, in a twisted way, it's just that it's all so hypocritical. Racism is UNIVERSALLY shot down, but sexism isn't, against women AND against men, and it's irritating to see those brave supporters of liberal progress and equality scoff at the notion of women's rights, as though the problem no longer exists.   I'd like to point out that there are serious men's rights issues, and I agree that feminism does not stress them hard enough (or at all), but the men's rights movement has an unfortunate concentrated percentage of neckbeards who believe women are evil, much as SRS has a huge percentage of shitladies and radfems who think all men are rapists.
1	tris has some serious cooldown issues and the fact that once she has used her e, she has to commit to the trade, makes it even worse. she can be pretty potent in skilled hands, especially because she can get very early towers and then she can rotate to create even more gold advantage. but her trading is weird and you really have to know her damage output because wth her high cooldowns and low basestats, she cant do much once her e is gone, so she is losing every trade afterwards if she didnt make the one with her e count. its also very hard to lasthit with her because of her horrible base attackspeed and her meh aa animation. also she autopushes the lane which is also kinda bad.
0	yup. i took a couple ethics and history courses for my ucsd GE.
1	That is hardly proof, they cite no source for saying he made it after the accident and the lore of Wukong does not indicate in any way that it is a new weapon created, only that it was given to Wukong by Doran and that it is a masterpiece.   In fact Wukongs lore hints at this weapon from being before the accident as it is written like this. >...gave him a weapon suited to his unusual nature - an enchanted staff that the young Doran had crafted. The weapon was an unrivalled masterpiece.   The way it is phrased hints, if at anything, at the staff being crafted BEFORE the accident as it was crafted by "the young" Doran. It is definitely not proof of this, but there is no proof of the opposite either. I just draw my conclusion from the fact that he before the accident was brilliant enough to be invited to the league of legends into a position of master artifiser, you don't do that on a hope he can be great, you are gonna want to look at already created masterpieces.   It is far more likely that Doran created the staff before the accident as one of his masterpieces, than that he now creates simple items and then an unrivaled masterpiece.
0	True story: my wife was in for a planned C-section, nothing dangerous per se, but the boy wasn't coming out on his own or with the help of big pharma.  So, my wife's in the operating room and 'getting ready' and I am in the hospital room in scrubs waiting for them to come get me, so I can do the obligatory cut the cord, give mommy support, etc.  Well, the candystriper girl (a volunteer, usually a young person), comes and gets me and brings me in the wrong door to the operating room, the door down by my wife’s feet rather than up by her head, where I was supposed to be behind a foot tall curtain covering the business area.  Welp, doctor was elbows deep in a ten-inch wide hole in my wife’s belly and just scooping the baby out (with related fluids and inside bits).  Blood is extremely red.  Didn’t faint, but they pulled me up behind the curtain really quick.
1	in an ARAM yesterday. Other than that, about a week ago a guy called jungle, picked elise, then somebody else instalocked jungle yi shortly after. So elise played support
0	For a start, a lot of those smaller kits aren't necessarily a lot quieter (in the case of jungle kits, jazz kits or the Yahama Hip Gigs) or they sound terrible (Traps, Flats, etc.). Also, it could be the case that it's the venue's kit and the band are stuck with it for a plethora of reasons.  Secondly, it is not the fault of the band if the venue asks them to play, or a promoter puts together the gig, or the sound guy likes loud music, or the music isn't appropriate for the venue.  Thirdly, asking the drummer to play quieter is sometimes not realistic and not an indication of skill. That's typically a last resort and there's a reason why: it can totally ruin a performance. If a drummer can't relax into his job, it can stiffen the music and effect the dynamics and performance of the whole band. Don't blame the drummer. Lastly, if you're any sort of regular gig goer, you should invest in ear plugs, regardless of the volume of the gigs you typically attend. They will save your ears for a tiny fee.
1	My story with Rumble is that I bought him when he was on sale cause I too had heard so much about how fun he is.   I did SO badly my first 10 games with him. I seemed to get dominated in lane even though Rumble is supposed to be the bully in lane. I couldn't seem to control the creepwave and kept pushing and getting ganked. I couldn't even do basic things like last hit with him cause my Q couldn't seem to tick at the right time.   Slowly though, I started to understand how to use him and slowly I got better and better with him. And now I consider Rumble one of my best champs.   So
0	Tell me about it. Should have just said.....
0	Hm. Good points, definitely. However, the link about Ubuntu more has to do with not allowing people to talk about your product (and thereby censor the Internet) compared to preventing products with similar naming from being released. Micah wasn't so much releasing a product as having a discussion about the product and within Free Speech things you can do with it. This is similar to any Windows or other OS help forum.   However, to my understanding, you  do  have to protect your TM against similar products. To go back to my Windows example, if MS let you release an OS called "Macrosoft Windows" without attempting to stop you, 2 things happen. First, MS loses their ability to enforce the TM in the future because the later infringers will be able to say "But they haven't been enforcing this. I can reasonably assert that this has become public domain." This is similar to what happened in the "King Kong" / "Donkey Kong" dilemma in gaming decades ago. The second thing is Macrosoft now has the ability to protect  their  TM against "Windows". This means at best MS can get a piece of the pie if there's a settlement relating to TM infringement, but may also be argued as giving rights / indemnity by not enforcing.   Or is there further misunderstanding that I hold?
1	I have no idea what math he's doing. Let's ignore mr for ease of computation.   With Current Ahri, her full rotation of spells do 140+280+180+495 magic damage + 140 true damage which equals 1235 with 65%+80%+35%+105% scaling= 285%   With the changes, her rotation is (140+224+180+420) 1.2 magic damage + 140 true damage = 1296.8 with (32.5%+64%+35%+75%) 1.2+32.5%=280.3%   How did Negitivity get a 700 damage loss?
1	You are also hilarious. Sure, the jungel sucked for you, it was a great jungel if you loved mao, naut and the tank champs. And to be fair, this is a totally new game. And some might prefer the old.   I very much loved season 3 the most so far. Why, because it was the most punishing league has been so far. You could actually manage to lose the game by dying twice in lane. This pretty much made league more hardcore, more based on singel preformances in lane, more carry potential. And quite frankly, for me the game has died a little for every rubberband comeback mechanics they have added since season 3. Now it just feels like nothing matters pre 30 mins.
0	The 4 largest words on there are literally the
1	Well, I actually proved I didn't deserve it by logging report spam in a GD forum. Did riot show up with logs to prove me wrong? Nope because they don't exist. Do I get report spammed a lot? Yes. Infact I get it nearly every game because I'm that guy catching you out when you "just wanna farm." While your friends may be jerks, I am not one. I am one of the most positive summoners you've ever met. I'm also one of the biggest lane bullies, thus, my constant reporting. People get mad when they get crap on constantly. I know, I used to be like them till I became  GOOD . I took the time to watch streams and pick up good habits.
0	It's a sign of the times. If you're younger than 25 you probably don't remember the Bill Gates who ruthlessly ruled at Microsoft. MS was a feared giant who would stomp on their competitors throats no matter how small or large they were.   There was a lot of carry over feelings in an older generation from those days, however, Bill Gates has since done so much for the world with his foundation. The intensity he once put into crushing his competition is now put into crushing polio, malaria, famine, etc which is why he is able to achieve so much where others were stagnant.   Steve Jobs on the other hand had always been the same, a hardass with unflinching standards who was a fantastic marketer and visionary (though his vision of the future of computing was vastly different than Gates).
1	I guess I'd try to stick with my supports. Silver and Bronze supports are always forced to be there and almost never know what they are doing :)   On no other lane can you make them lose so much AND blame the team for making them play the support. ;)
1	From my experience in solo queue when one individual misplays others look at them as if they are holding them back (from what ever rank their goal is) and they take their frustration out on the person that misplayed. I have found that playing at night/mornings tend to be the best time for me to play.
1	I don't agree. No peeling for Genja? What is this nonsense people just keep saying. GG peels for their ADC it's just that they maybe don't have to as much as other teams cause they know how to position themselves so that a kassadin or an ahri does not melt their ADC. You can position yourself however you like if your team lets a kassadin go through and leave you alone - you're dead! And having to make plays because you've made bad decisions? That's just not that simple.
0	Every time the annoying middle aged woman in my math class asked a question when the professor explicitly said, HOLD QUESTIONS UNTIL THE END OF THE SECTION, I'd laugh. Finally one day she said loudly after i laughed IT'S EXTREMELY RUDE TO LAUGH AT PEOPLE WHEN THEY ASK (dumb) QUESTIONS. She didn't show up to the class after that day.
1	Elo Hell is not in Bronze, Silver or Gold. It's Platinum. It should be called Elo Hell, not Platinum. Good players around Platinum are as valuable as this thing itself in real life. I can't tell you how many times I have seen people wanting a role so bad they begged us.. many times they failed incredibly hard. I can't tell you how many times thoughts like "This guy is Plat, how is it that he can't stop feeding?" went through my head.   Elo Hell does exist, it's Platinum. People expect others to know things about the game and even if they do know a lot, they might just play without being focused. The seed of toxicity it is. I'd like to play with Bronze players in my team rather than Platinum players because most Platinum players think they are the hawt-shiet and approach ranked games without caring at all, in spite of the fact, that their knowledge is not with what you can make such approach. This is the thing that seizes my mind and body from conquering the ladder. From Bronze players I'd not expect anything. But they might say: "this guy is Plat, we are Bronze, so let's follow his calls and try to do what he asks us to do". On the other hand, Platinum players are like:  "U wot m8, im same elo as you! i dun take orders from ya scrub".   "But-but.. if you are so good you can carry yourself!" <- True, but I am not. I have never been in Diamond or Master or Challenger, but I'd like to be and I know I could be. Ambition, passion, longing, desire, enthusiasm, lust, craving, aspiration, thurst? Name it anyhow, I have it.  But I need to progress upwards and not be stalled by careless people. That's the only way I can learn on my own. I have the ability to detect good and bad teamcomps, I know when my champion and others' are useful or the opposite. I know what's a good call and what is a bad call. I know when, where and how to teamfight... The game however, is not made to be carried by one man who knows things, craves the victory, lusts for carnage on the Fields of Justice just so he can have the satisfaction of climbing the ladder.   Riot's approach on the game is making it more and more team-action-oriented. You need other people to be successful if you do not yet know more than them to be successful - no matter that you are more focused than anyone else in this damn "game", or heck, sometimes your whole team combined. Yet, you are punished even if you give your best and others do not. You are punished for trying, for craving something that at some points, only your teammates are able to stop you from getting.   Am I a competetive player? Hell yes! Others? Not so much. When I lose a game, I jump into another and with what I observed - I mean, you know, where I fucked up - I try to be even better. Others? Not so much. When I call you names because you've been doing the same things over-and-over again like someone with no recent memories of himself getting brutally murdered and sent to the fountain as a handful of levitating jizz as your champion has passed out it's spirit, sort of like a  coup de grace  only to remind you, you've screwed things up.. I'm doing that to remind you - as you seem to have no recent memories -, not to offend your fragile peace. What you get from the things I say? That I offended you. You still forget that the last 5 times your died happen'd because of the same foolish mistake.   I hate that I have to be competetive in an enviroment that supports people without this mindset. What can I do? I can get higher. Yes. But I need knowledge. Will it come with time? Yes. Would I find myself 2-3 divisions higher in an alternate universe where the only people who play ranked are willing to focus on the game, and - well yeah' - are competetive? Yes.
0	When that amendment was written, the arms that they were talking about legitimately empowered citizens to stand up against governments.  Groups of armed citizens could pose a legitimate existential threat to a rouge government.   That simply isnt true now.  If [theoretical situation] the US government went rogue, started oppressing its people, you'd be hardly better off with the guns that we do allow than with a knife and some rocks to throw--the military's capabilities have simply outstretched where handheld firearms can really keep them in check.   And you dont infringe on my rights, but the government does all the time, in ways that I think are justified and good.  Look at free speech--yes I have the right to speak, unless the words that I say cause harm to other people in a concrete way.  I cannot incite specific violence, I cannot speek with the intention of causing panic, etc.  None of that is mentioned in the first amendment--it is the result of reasonable people applying a philosophical and abstract 'right' to a concrete and complicated world.  Rights are not absolute--in many cases we are balancing rights and interests, and based on the ramifications of different policies have to decide on the best way to do so.   My overarching point is that very few people believe that there should be no regulations on who can own what kind of gun--nobody thinks I should be able to keep a nuke and a tank in my back yard.  So we are already drawing somewhat arbitrary lines: this is OK, this isnt.  We have already admitted that the right is not absolute.  And I dont think that there is inherently anything magical about where the line is drawn right now--read up on the history of how it came to be, all the political infighting etc over many decades and I think you'll have to agree.  With that in mind, it seems entirely reasonable to ask the question of where that line would ideally be drawn.  And I think that given the violent proclivities of some of our citizens, making it harder to get at weapons can only be a good thing.   Something I should clarify too--a lot of people respond to the above by saying 'oh but they're nuts, they're still going to try to kill people.'  I agree with that--I dont think we'll actually be able to reduce the number of attacks.  But with incidents like Sandy Hook, Columbine, etc, it seems like these guys go on killing people at a certain rate until the cops show up and either plug them or force them to plug themselves.  I think the response rate is probably pretty constant.  So if we can reduce the rate at which they can kill people, we'll save lives.  The school stabbing in china is a great example of this--yes, the guy didnt have a gun and still attacked.  But nobody is dead.  Can you tell me that would be the case if he had had an AK instead of a Bowie?
1	Okay, in my opinions, a very large number of people here do not understand how Cass works. You need to build a littler heartier on her, because you are a  sustained  DPS mage, not burst. That being said...   Start out with a Mana crystal + 2 Hpots. Rush the catalyst. Grab boots 1, then turn the cata into RoA. Boots 1 -> Sorc shoes. Then get a Rylai's. Deathcap -> Zhonya's -> Choice last item. I usually go a little more defensive. BV or QSS. I would highly recommend not building CDR on her, since her E becomes a flat cooldown when the target is poisoned, and your Q already recharges before the duration ends. There is no sense in building more CDR than base.   For skills you want to go Q E W E E R E Q E Q R Q Q W W R W W The reasoning behind this is, even though your Q does more damage over time, that is precisely what it is. A DoT. You have no burstyness with it. So in between casts of Q, you will be using your E which is your main source of damage. Yes your Q does more number wise, but not actually DPS more.   The mindset of Cassiopeia is the longer you stay in battle, the more you do. Unlike Annie, who just walks in, blows her spells, and then doesn't do anything. You have to be in the fight longer than other people. As soon as you can get 2 - 3 people in your ult, use it. Spam your Q, use your W in tactical positions that will slow/poison multiple people, and E spam on those squishies that you catch in your poison. You are essentially a midline caster, thus why you need to have a little more health on you. Positioning is what makes Cassiopeia a good character. Knowing how and when to use your spells.
0	I mean, not the smell of BO. If my husband hasn't showered until supper time, yeah I'm not gonna be shoving my nose in his pits. And I've heard if some people sweat a LOT they can get bacteria growing in their sweat glands so if you have that issue, use an antibacterial body wash unless you want to be a lady repellent.   But my husband lent me a sweater of his when we were first dating the sort he wore under his coat when it was particularly chilly. So he'd have worn it a few hours a day for a few days, while waiting for the bus. Not super hot out, not a ton of activity to get him sweating and get it stinky. When I was wearing it, I was overwhelmed by how much it just reminded me of HIM. Not even a super discernible scent, I couldn't smell anything unless I shoved my nose right up to the fabric but when I was wearing it I just got this vibe that reminded me of him. I've never been one to really freak out over guys colognes or anything like that so it wasn't expected at all, but I loved it.   Even aside from that, now that we've lived together a few years, I love the smell of the deodorant and shaving cream/aftershave he uses. I wasn't so into it initially, but now I've come to associate it with him so much that when he gets out of the bathroom after shaving I want to mash my face against his and I love kissing his face and neck all over.
1	The more games you play then the variability of having bad teammates or even good teammates (luck of the draw) approaches zero and your skill will be the determining factor that shines through. It is the same way with poker and even sports.   Would you rather go a game to 21 with a pro basketball player for $100,000 or just 1 point? Obviously the 1 point as  anything  can happen in one point.   So if you play enough games then stuff like this becomes trivial and you will get through bronze because you are a good enough player not because you are getting carried or you can't make it because of silver V trolls.
1	As a support who usually ends up shouldering the responsibility for warding the entire map, I second this not so much as a shaming tool, but just to keep track of utility. I like to evaluate my play after games and since warding is one of my primary responsibilities, it would be helpful to see this especially comparing it to the enemy jungler or support. "Wow, that enemy Taric had twice as many wards as I did! No wonder they seemed to gank us everywhere."   As a suggestion, perhaps show this at the end of the game where the other stats are normally posted. That way you can cut down on in-game flaming (though it's pretty obvious in-game when you don't ward).   As an example, I like how Elobuff records wards placed and includes a difference for sightwards and regular wards. I think Wards bought isn't that informative. I've had a few games with a support will buy a ward and it will sit in their inventory the whole game. If it isn't placed, it isn't useful.   Number of wards destroyed would also be great. Let you know just how awesome that oracle's was and that the gold spent was worth.   As for those concerned about spamming wards...well, I don't see how that is an issue. You can inflate any other stat score the same way. If someone is ward spamming by fountain, that is a troll issue like someone who insists on inappropriately creep farming while everyone else is involved in teamfighting. Having the highest ward count also shouldn't be something people should be seriously competing for. Quality placement, not quantity placement.
1	Support main here. As much as I appreciate your kind words, I'm getting a little tired of hearing support mains are the best and most kind-hearted players ever, which seems to be an overabundant circlejerk in this subreddit.   Do we get bitched at? Yes it happens. Do we make plays? Yes we are able to. Do we fuck up and get out-traded in lane sometimes? Yes we do that too. Are these traits only exclusive to the support role? Absolutely not. That shit happens to every laning role out there.   People keep saying that picking a support in solo-queue is followed by teammates automatically raging at you. If that happens, play well enough so that you can prove your worth. If they still can't see the value of your role, then grow a thick skin, and play out the game to the best of your abilities so you can win.   Every other role has their difficulties too. Junglers need to keep track of lanes and objectives, and a failed response to a gank request from some lane usually results in that lane hating your guts. A first blood in top lane usually results in the top laner being trashed on by teammates, and a lane snowballed against them. ADCs require some of the most mechanically demanding skills in order to perform well, and if they get ganked a lot, their late game is gonna be that much harder to reach. Mid laners are always keeping track of each others' movements on the map, since an MIA mid means an impending gank. If lanes fail to notice an MIA from their mid, they will despise their mid for not providing notice earlier, when they could've kept track of the map and ward themselves.
1	The problem with this is, what is fun for you isn't fun for everyone. Say someone really likes to play a specific champ. They are really good with them and it is the one they choose. Now you have people who don't like/understand how to play that champ instantly saying "that's a dumb pick, we should kick him". At what point is that fun for the player who enjoys playing the way they want and not the way you want them to. You are going to vote to kick someone because they don't pick the way you would prefer. Now there are bad picks and it happens that is part of solo queue, if you want to be sure to get solid picks start a ranked team with friends.
0	According to [this]( there is no longer any real benefit to manual transmissions, and they are typically only desired by enthusiasts who just don't want to give them up. According to [this]( they also sell poorly, leading most manufacturers to eliminate them from their lineups. If manufacturers make fewer of something, their cost per unit tends to go up. If they know collectors or enthusiasts are the people buying it, they'll jack up the price because they know they'll pay.
1	ok, so those are some very good questions and there are some things you can do as heimerdinger to overcome them.  Firstly, if you split jungle aggro with your turrets effectively, then its easy to go machete, 2 pots, and a ward.  I like to use that early ward to give me vision around my red and prevent counterjungling there.  If I communicate with my bot or top lane I can generally keep vision around my jungle early with that ward to safely get my red buff.   Optimally, I go for a smiteless blue and try to grab red right away, safely because of ward positioning.  When it comes to ganking, he really cant reliably gank before level 4 unless you have a laner with cc or other circumstances I won't get into.  I duo queue with someone that usually plays mid or top so we plan it out that way, as heimerdinger can really drop a surprising amount of damage if he can close with the enemy, and if your laner has some cc it gets a lot easier to hit your grenade.
1	I played about 300 games of dominion and have won over 50% of them to be comfortable enough to say that this is not the case. The beauty of dominion is that it is very difficult to get truly fed, as the gold per kill is rather minimal, with only a small experience reward also. Thus snowballing doesn't have the same effect as in Summoners Rift. At the end of a game if you look at the team stats the gold difference between teams is 1000 gold or less, even if it felt like a one sided match.   However as gold and experience is supplied over time rather than through farming or teamfighting, the game becomes more about picking 2/3 items that will carry you through a match as the games tend to last 20 minutes.  Furthermore, the strategy of the game is more similar to a game like Battlefield and the constant PvP is like in ARAM. The way to win dominion is not through getting fed, its through pressing for objective advantages, be them mappressure, defensive pressure or seizing on a 5 v 4 situation.   Dominion trained me to look at the minimap more often and opponents items. It also gave me a lot of experience team fighting and duelling an opponent that SR cant (farm farm farm FIGHT farm) in the same period of time, and with a champion i could become familiar with (oh Sion in aram who I bought on a whim... lets see if I can learn anything in case I roll him in aram next month).   Lastly iteration and learning champion power spikes. 1 game = 20 mins. YOu can iterate item sets faster and with stronger feedback in SR. Only play BOT lane in SR but didn't know that Renekton trails off earlier than most conventiaonal toplaners? Well thats because you are fighting him as Varus at lvl 4 and not when you would fight him at lvl 9 for the first time.
1	While we're on the topic of indicators and cast range, have you ever considered making point blank AOE skillshots display the range when the button is held down? Specifically my problem is with Diana, I am constantly missing the pull with her E, which is a problem since it's so crucial to her combo, not to mention it's on such a long CD. Same thing with Morgana. Sometimes you think that you're going to be getting 4 people when in reality you only hit 2 or even 1.   Another possibility is using that pale white circle that is used as an indicator for things like twitches poison, where you could turn it on, at least in co-op games, to help you get the feel for the skill's range.
1	Okay, when  I  say "broken", I typically mean that the champion is designed poorly/there is a lot of bs involved with him.   In Talon's case, he has a 700 range silence insta-blink that has near immediate followup that if not done with 3000 ping will easily get off in the 1 second window they have.  In this time the Talon pretty much  has  to kill his target, though he can use his stealth to cheese in one more auto.  Even if they are not killed, though, they will likely be severly incapacitated (heavily damaged and slowed by his Rake for 2 seconds, as well as bleeding and likely ignited).   Now, is this neccessarily OP?  No, if it was, Riot would nerf it.  They'd have to.  This is a kit that, if strong (be it through numbers or snowballing or lack of coordination on the enemy team's part, be it just your main target(s) or the team in general) will point, click and either A) Kill, and thus succeed or B) Not kill and thus, likely fail.   This system is binary.  It means for the Talon to be useful he must kill his opponent  without the opponent being able to react .  Can you do this without?  Yeah, you can do some fancy juking with the stealth and flash (as iirc flash does  not  break stealth anymore--correct me if I am wrong) but as far as dealing your bust--that is done by pointing your mouse on the target and pressing E (maybe AA) Q (maybe AA) W (maybe AA) R (insert maybe fancy stuff here, or just more maybe AA) R.   His playstyle is pretty toxic, and if he allows his opponents time to fight back they  will  win.  I never said he was OP, in fact, he's kinda weak in most situations.  Any decent squishy will know to keep their ass away from you and any decent tank will know to keep you the fuck off their asses.  He shits on Kassadin but Kassadin has a reliable lategame, Talon does not.  If the enemy squishies are smart they'll buy GA and maybe other defensive items to cock-block you.  He's not king but if he snowballs out of control he will snowball  hard .
1	Rumble is by far one of the best toplaners IMO because of his ability to bully in lane and his lack of true counters, also he is reasonably strong late game and doesn't fall off to the same extent that some other top lane bullies do e.g. Renekton   Finally his lack of mana and strong early game make him reasonably easy to pick whilst still providing a decent reward for mastering his mechanics such as his heat and the danger zone.
1	I am a jack of all trades type summoner. I'm at 41/110 win with a different champ at 90 wins. However, I agree more on your point than your friend's point. I have a friend who is a beast Akali, he has studied her and played her for two years now. I rarely see him lose a lane and lose a game on her. He is just that good on her. While he a beast on her, because of the dedication, his play on other champs can usually be subpar. His mindset in League now, is that of an Akali player and only that.   So while I feel having your main champ is extremely important (I'm starting to get that way with Zed now). It is always great to have a good pool on the back burner, for situational times. I feel I can play a game and win my lane with probably about 1/3 of the champs in the game, leaving me room to counter.
1	This stuff happens far often then it should. Personally I only get pissed when it happens to someone else. It doesn't really bother me when someone flames me but when someone else is getting unloaded on... That's when it really gets to me.   Here are a couple of things I try to do when these situations arise. If my team is winning and its someone on my team doing the poo talking I do my best to get them to shut up in team chat. Not in ALL but in team only. Usually someone within our team will also step up and by remaining calm we can get that person to stop. There are times however when this backfires and they get worse. When this happens I say in ALL to the people getting poo talked to just mute the offender or to stop responding. Most of these people are doing it just to get a response and when they no longer get a response they stop.   When my team is loosing and its happening to someone on my team not me, and its getting to them, I tell them to just mute that person.   If it happens to me, awesome, its not affecting my teammates. I make sure my team doesn't respond and I just ignore the taunts. Usually after 2-3 taunts they stop because they are getting no response.
1	Well TSM is definitely favored I would say people aren't giving TIP enough credit. Rush has shown he has the potential to be one of the most dominant junglers in the NA LCS. I believe he can put more pressure on the map than Santorin. Also XWX is known for his farming abilities. I don't know how Bjerg vs XWX matchup has gone in the past off the top of my head, but I would imagine if TiP put XWX on a scaling champion and he just sits back and farms he can be just as big of menace in teamfights as Bjergson. In standard lanes Rush could pull pressure bottom lane (in the 2v2 lane) while XWX (theoretically) outfarms Bjergson. We also know that TSM tend to leave Dyrus out to dry, but this is mostly due to lane swaps and would not be the case quite as much in standard lanes. Part of the problem is that if TiP did this and pulled out a win TSM would likely respond by helping Dyrus out in the next game. Giving him more farm and jungle pressure. Also I feel TSM has the more skilled bot lane.
0	That's because you're trying to justify it, and thinking about it and stating it so that it sounds justifiable. Think about it from the man's perspective.   Let's call them Adam and Jane. Adam and Jane graduate top of their class, and get high paying jobs. They marry, and Jane decides she would rather stay home and look after the kids, while Adam has to go out and work. Adam works 10+ hour days (because living on a single income with now two kids isn't easy!), and pulls out all the stops to provide for his family. All this works pays off, and he climbs the career ladder and makes partner, with a substantial income. He gives up going to school prizegivings, going on school camps, driving his kids to school each morning, picking them up in the evening, meeting their friends or their friends parents, to provide for his family. He undergoes extreme stress in working these long hours. In the meantime, the kids are old enough to go to school, and Jane still doesn't work. 10 years later, the kids are 15 and 17, and yet she still stays at home all day.   Adam and Jane decide they no longer want to be together, so they divorce. Jane then claims she gave everything up so that Adam could pursue his career, so she should get the benefits of it.   If I were Adam, I would counter with "I gave up my family to provide for my family, so that you didn't have to work. AT LEAST since they've been at school you've had the opportunity to work. You haven't had kids under 5 to look after for 12 years, and there's no reason you couldn't have got a job if you'd wanted to."
0	As someone who went from homeless to home owner in the space of 5 years, for me the
1	Even though you got one legit point (and there are probably a few more) out of this comparison you should not hold dota as the straight up better system.   Especially this has nothing to do with the quality or the entertainment heck hardly even with balancing. That's just a different system. And it's totally subjective which one you like better. There is no straight up better one.   LoL could deal with assassins a bit through items allowing them a stronger scaling and more of the  BOOM  feeling while playing them into late.   But the type of stats and scalings are not really open for debate or change even less so if that'd mean changing the game into another one.   Yes Dota provides more freedom in itemization... heck in pretty much every aspect of the game. But is that better? Arguably no. The more systems and choices you stack on top of each other the more points of errors there are. People don't play games to be the ultimate master. They play them for fun and that is given by good game design no matter how complex it is. Best example for this: Cookie clicker. Probably one of the most simple games I've ever seen. It's really a no brainier without even a objective... still played by hundreds of thousands for dozens of hours.   To finish this huge wot.
1	It's you guys MMR That can't give you a higher rank Imo, I got ranked Gold 5 with my team we are Silver/silver/gold We faced 6th times 2 plats/1 gold we won and got gold 3 without doing series and our win ration is 8/9.
0	Only place I have seen/heard about those sort of things is the internet. Thats kinda like saying that all atheists are killers because one guy that went to jail for murder was an atheist.
1	This may ridicule me a bit, but I think it's important information that could help pinpoint the problem:   I get the exact same freeze, for the exact same amount of time that I get when I start the LoL client, whenever I enter Runescape's main website on Internet Explorer 11. (Yes, I use IE and still play RS).   If I start the LoL client first after booting then when I enter the Runescape website, the freeze doesn't happen and vice versa. The freeze only happens once per computer start for both things that can cause it, not one for each. Also, if I enter the Runescape website using any other browser, the freeze never happens (but will still happen if I log into the LoL client).   I don't know how these two may be related, and don't have an ongoing support ticket on the issue, but I hope someone reading this will be able to use it somehow.
0	My ex-girlfriend did this a few times... One of the times was a real clean shot and my brain was like FETAL POSITION! What actually happened was I shot up and headbut her in the nose... which made her cry.
0	If things had gone much worse, money wouldn't have mattered at all, since it would have been worthless, and we'd be living in a barter economy, so why not invest?  During this time, I was also renovating the rental property I owned, and was living in/renting out (it was 3 units, and I lived in one, with my wife, renting out the other two to grad students).  So I was plenty diversified.  In 2012, that work paid off, and my wife was able to sell our house with a craigslist ad/website she made for $95k more than we owed.  We spent around $10k/year on renovations/landscaping, did all the work ourselves, and collected about $15k/year in rent.  We basically paid for the renovations and taxes, while the rent paid the mortgage.  It was a 100% zero down, terrible sub-prime mortgage, but if I didn't get the chance to have it, I'd still be stuck at my old job, making about 30% less than I do now, living in a town I didn't want to live in.   As for the 401k, 10% was in one stock, and 90% was in 9 mutual funds.  I was diversified across thousands of stocks, bonds, and whatever else the funds were made up of (plus the rental property, plus my day job).  The roughly 25k I had invested at the time was worth about 17k, since the value of the aggregate shares were so low, so I just kept buying shares at that really low price.  As long as the funds stayed afloat (and Vanguard wasn't in too bad of shape at the time) they were set to explode when things improved.  I believe is was 2009 when things really kicked in, and my ~17k was worth 40k in not too long.  Now it's worth $90k, and I haven't put money into that fund since June of 2012 (it was worth about 70k the last time I contributed).  Last year, I moved it from Vanguard to something else, which cost me about $5k, and progress has really slowed down.  I need to look into that, now that I'm thinking about it.   So I guess you could say I'm willing to take on a little risk, and if anything, the 401k thing I mentioned was the safe bet.  Sill, I guess I did the house thing right.  A lot of people bought at the top and sold at the bottom, but I chose the house carefully, and fixed up the right parts of the house to make it salable.  I didn't touch the outside in terms of paint...in fact, by the end, paint was falling off the house, but I did a lot of landscaping), but I replaced some windows, installed 3 new kitchens and baths, new carpets and flooring everywhere (including hardwood where there was carpet in my apartment), and painted every interior wall.  I also finished the basement after a local company came in and poured a concrete floor as part of a mitigation system they had to install (which I knew was a likely possibility when I bought the place). So I bought at the worst time possible, and sold at one of the worst times possible, with a loan that was about as bad as they come (6.5% interest on 80%, 9.99% interest on the remaining 20%, adjustable rate, and there was a $15k balloon payment due about a year after I sold), yet I pocketed $95k from the project.  So while I didn't sit down when I was 26, and foresee how things would be when I was 32, I did generally have a plan to improve the property, knowing it would give me better options than not improving the property, and I adjusted along the way.  Honestly, like with any home purchase, you hope that inflation will come along, and your salary will adjust to compensate, but your mortgage payment will remain fixed, so what started out as a big hit wasn't.  The plan to sell sort of came along on a whim, but it worked, and then we moved across the country with no jobs at all, and just figured it out.  Now we live in a house worth twice what our old house was worth, we make more money, and things have never been better.  We're improving this house, and it looks like we're going to be up about $200k on the value within a year after we finish this round of renovations.   So that got long.
1	Not only jax. Just think about it. Lissandra, Jayce, Kennen, all these powerful ranged bruisers with good escapes. Now consider all the melee bruisers. They don't stand a chance. The highlight shown in this post, about the 2v1 lanes, is about how two champions (with one ranged) can just entirely shut down any melee bruiser in lane.   Honestly, you can't pick melee anymore without the enemy picking melee first. Even in that scenario, you'd probably pick ranged anyway just to shut them out.
0	Wouldn't make sense? Like how the continuity being completely broken between ED and ED2 such that ED2 was often viewed by fans as a comedic remake of the first, even though it's labeled as a sequel? (I know the continuity was broken for legal reasons, but still the point remains on direct comparison of the films.) That the third movie, which is really only a part two of the 2nd movie and having no relation to the first in storyline, dropped the Evil Dead name altogether and went with Army of Darkness? Calling this latest version of franchise ED3 or ED4 would certainly have made sense, at least to me.   I'll concedte that the storylines are similar, but I won't agree that they are the same. Aside from the characters and their backstories (was that even necessary?) lots of things were changed compared to the first movie, such as the way demons were summoned. I was mostly OK with the changes (except for the changing of the eyes from the traditional milk-white to the orange) because hey, it's schlock horror and it's fun. Remake? Sure, no doubt. But given the timeline, the new cast of characters, and the prescense of the Olds (though that's technically more broken continuity), it can easily be seen as another sequel too.
0	A lot of people with asperger's are misdiagnosed. This is due to the fact that behavioral/developmental disorders are diagnosed through a process of observation instead of concrete biological tests. There's a chance you never had asperger's and you were just socially awkward (which is totally normal).   It's the same reason why millions of kids are on adderall. Kids are naturally hyper. But through "observational diagnosis" the only conclusion that doctors come to is that the children have ADD.
1	trust me guys.... specially in low elo. If u got a support main on your team that is shotcalling and telling u what to do... again...TRUST ME ON THIS... listen to him! adc, top and mid "mains" in low elo aka bronze, silver, gold (maybe plat) dont have the ability or brain capacity to analyze certain game situations because they tunnel vision on their lane or their poor mechanics. Most likely in this elo support mains are the only players that have a bit map awareness and trying to understand the game.   As a high platinum support main last season, which is shit i know, ive been somehow placed into silver 1 after my placements. What ive seen there according to map awareness, face checking brushes, different calls of what to do and throws has basically changed my view of ranked games in leaque of legends.  I was very naive going into low elo ranked games, thniking i could basically win every bot lane by myself and carry the games from the support position! Fuck ive never been so wrong! From what ive seen i questioned if the human race is in fact the most intelligent race on earth. I think a well trained monkey or horse can do better than some of these guys down there.   I found a way out of there however, adapting basically to the stupidity of the low elo mid and adc "mains", the never ever ganking jungler and the fact that vision is overrated in low elo because ppl will still walk in 5v1 even with vision on them.... i played SONA almost exclusivly. After struggle with my main thresh, janna, karma and ali the good old Sona carried me out of there, having 90% winrate on her!
1	They both are/were 2k+ Elo   Once i started watching streams one of the first i saw was VMans so let me tell you my story:   I was new, i already learned about the meta and knew most of the champions but i had like no experience. I am someone who learns a lot from viewing other people do it. VMan did great plays all the time and told what his teammates did wrong. Also he was very entertaining because he hyped every single action he did pretty hard.   I kept watching VMan, always trying to learn something and i learned a lot. But i learned more from what VMan did wrong. I think it started once he did Dragon with 3/0 lvl 6 Wriggles Lee Sin. It was warded and the enemys killed him. He blamed botlane, and i thought, why would he keept doing Dragon if they come? Why not just back off?   I kept watching his stream, recognizing more mistakes here and there, but he is a human, everyone does mistakes. Even when i didn't learn that much from him anymore i kept watching since he was entertaining, not in a emotinal-Ocelote way, more in a random-soloqueue-guy way. He flamed like everyone else, he played like everyone else.   Today i only turn in if i want a good laugh, he i still entertaining, he sings in stream, streams shirtless and not that unatractive (I dislike his haircut tho). But i wouldn't recommend him to anyone, he is like a afternoon talkshow. Everyone hates it, yet enough people watch it so they keep showing them.   Over the time he build kinda a relationship to a lot of viewers, they get a lot interaction. He answers questions from the chat 24/7 wich i really appreciate, and does a lot of fangames. At the end i want to say: VMan, stop flaming at everyone. Read the chat of your last ban, without the context it just looks like you are raging randomly at people.   So yeah, i liked VMan, he isn't one of my favored streamers anymore, so come at me downvotes ~.~
1	yesterday i witnessed something that really made my day. i was playing katarina mid in bronze 2.  i played against an ap tristana and due to two very annoying mistakes i got her firstblood and a second kill.   despite that, i just continued to farm, ping, buy wards, communicate with my team and beein nice. our wukong though - he was even at toplane - flamed the hell out of me (perfect following of rule #3).   in midgame, there was an awesome teamfight where i ultied the whole team just after wu knocked them up and we cleaned them 2v5. we snowballed that fight and won every other tf and finally the game.   funny thing: after the game went to our favour our wukong suddendly turnes into the nicest person i met long ago, he apologized, said im really good at kata mechanics (which i doubt, im in bronze 2) and honored me.   and that is the real problem in my opinion: not only toxic people are flaming in LoL.. its often nice people that just stopped giving a fck. and i do not have any idea what to do against this...
1	True reason to max Q on Jinx is that the rockets get insanely high range insanely fast. By level 5 you're outranging Caitlyn. In lane.
0	Different person with gold here, pretty sure there is no NDA regarding r/lounge so I'll just go ahead and say it's pretty much an r/circlejerk where instead of making fun of reddit we all act as if we were incredibly wealthy, the novelty wore off for me quickly, beyond that you get discounts on some external services, though it's quite unlikely you are already using most of those services, there is also form of lottery in the reddit store where you can win a golden tikkit each month, also you can send replies to your links or posts with your username in it directly to your inbox, which is useful for people like unidan who like to stay in touch with their adoring fans, and finally you get the "my random" button which picks a random subreddit from your current list of subscribed subreddits, though I feel that defeats the purpose of hitting random.   I probably forgot something but that's pretty much the gist of my experience with gold so far.
1	I think this one might have been a case of "
0	Question here: why is this an okay thing? I mean if you have a gay friend you painted x, why is it more valuable (on reddit) than if your straight friend did? Why does reddit go bat shit insane for gay rights? I mean, it's great, trust me I am very much pro-gay but then when I see reddit accuse OP of faggotry it pisses me off. We have images and gifs too, and it's the same narrow minded shit spewing as always, simply cause OP lied, reposted etc. A piece of shit by any other name is still shit, so let's at least try to play nice :)
1	are you sure you dont have LSi installed and have the reddit custom landing page and thats why your seeing the
1	If you're playing someone like vayne or karthus, yes waiting for late game and playing passively is what you're going to want to do if you're not getting ganks. But what if the enemy is playing vayne or karthus. All you're doing by ignoring them is you're allowing them to get to that point sooner. If they don't ward and they continue to not ward, your ability to ward is not stopped. You can tell them to ward and if they still don't well, unless you want the enemy lane to get farther ahead. What if that lane that got beat early is now still being an idiot instead of being passive? Yes it is his fault for continuing but everyone else who is ahead is also at fault for not at least trying to help by roaming. Mid lane the most if they are ahead. The opposite lane the least for being far away. Well lets say their jungle got a double kill early. Well fuck if you meet him in his jungle now. Lets say he doesn't and you do successfully take him out of the game. That doesn't mean the lanes aren't going to win without him. If lanes are ahead, they will take full advantage of that situation unless they throw it somehow.
1	The point is, it doesn't matter. These guys are frustrated, but they are all professionals. They also spend more time with each other than they do their own families. They will work it out; reginald will understand rainman, and rainman will understand reginald.
1	Don't be nervous about playing ranked, its the same exact game so treat likewise. But here is a small list of things that I think help.   1) Dont yell at people for making bad plays, it  WILL  make them give up so your only screwing yourself.   2) NEVER SAY "GG", unless its the end of the match never put you team down like that. Stall it out and the other team will probably throw. especialy in champ select, you have problems if you give up before the game even starts. (a little thing though if you know you have a troll in champ select its best to doge. you will only lose 3-6 lp for a doge as apposed to like 20 for a loss. don't doge in promotions or placement matches)   3)  NEVER  over chase! If your running into their jung to go for a kill, look at the mini map. In ranked people come to save their team mates more then in normals, so if people are MIA and you have no vision just back of and push your lane.   4) look at your mini map like ever 5 seconds, being aware will save you form bad decisions.   5) objectives JUST GET THEM ALL!!! Don't chase a kill when you could get an inhib unless you can get both.   6) main thing besides just playing well is don't be a douche in chat, you'ed be surprised how fast people will give up when one or two people start bitching at them for the littlest of mistakes. Plus typing that trash in chat is a wast of time, you could be csing, pushing a tower or going for a drag.   7) learn to fill.   8) last thing don't try to counter just for the sake of countering. SKILL is the best counter! If you have 50 game on ahri and 5 on some other champ don't play the other champ because some website says its a "counter". You wont be mechanically efficient on that champ, and you probably wont even understand the reason its a counter because you have such little play time on whoever it is.   Hope something in this helped! GL&HF!!
0	No it's not...the growing pains of societal assimilation is a bitch. Not ethical. Booze makes things less awkward when you can't work, have no education and don't know why the English are doing things such as work and school. Lets just say, if whites were forced to become native through a forced transition...they would most likely only have booze to abuse and pass on as a prominent behaviour.
0	why is it OK to put your own desires to biologically reproduce before the welfare of another person, say, the child you will create?   First of all, I think that you're oversimplifying the reasons that people have children.  Ideally, the motivation is not just a desire to "biologically reproduce": it's a desire to have a child and  raise him or her to be happy , to be a part of a loving family.  Of course people should consider the welfare of their children before having them, but to say that a disabled person or a "person with an abnormality" is incapable of doing that is to completely forget how multifaceted life is and how many various components go into being "happy".  Having an illness/disability does not automatically guarantee a life of misery, nor does genetic health guarantee the opposite.  In fact, some people with disabilities accomplish tremendous feats and experience happiness/love to an extent some able-bodied people never know.  These things depend on a whole lot more than your genetics.   Should people consider the fact that genetic illness exists in their family before having children? Of  course  they should...do you ever think that they willfully  don't ?  However, what I'm saying is that the eugenics argument- this idea that we can determine which lives  are  and  are not  worth living and create a restrictive system to impose that idea on everyone- is a backwards/unsustainable way of thinking.   Like I said, there's nothing wrong with having your own opinion on this matter, but thinking you can force your opinion on everyone else is not right.  Many people with genetic illnesses will reach the same conclusions as you; other people with genetic illnesses will decide to have children, and that's fine too.  Some people  without  genetic illnesses will have children and, for one reason or another, the children will be unhappy.  It really isn't black and white at all.
1	It isn't that writing down a time takes no skill, it is that formerly lots of people didn't, and it gave those of us that did an advantage. But not that is gone. Timers are a different conversation, that is my bad for bringing them up. Sorry!   Well, minimize risk, do have really good dueling/skirmising, strong ganks, good clear, and strong mid game (but admittedly do fall off late, although the new Wraith double magic pen build for Elise does a lot better late)   Like I said, they are considered the "best" junglers in pro play and in soloq for a reason, and you gave me more examples to validate that.   Your example about the Voli vs Elise/Lee is tottaly valid and I agree with you, however it does rely on the fact that Volibear sees them first. If Elise or Lee is waiting in a bush for Voli it is hard for Voli to fight back after the point blank skill shots have already landed.
0	And dirty talk about it is arguably more important than the actual act (it's more of a fantasy then enjoyment of that part)
1	Agree. Will make a
1	Here's a good guide by Westrice at Solomid. It will give you a good idea for masteries and runes. As for playstyle, be very passive before you get your ultimate and focus on getting as many CS as you possibly can get. Once you hit level 6, poking becomes much easier, as you deal tons of damage with Q. Speaking of, my preferred skill order is Q-E-W, maxing R at 6-11-16. Now, one thing you must know about akali in order to deal as much damage as you can : Casting Q then R immediately afterwards causes you to get to your target before your Q, wasting an auto-attack, therefore wasting your Q. The trick is to cast your Q and wait half a second to a second. Then jump at your target with R and enjoy seeing a good chunk of your enemies HP drop.
1	Or you could go to the HoN/DoTA/DOTA2 subreddit and leave this one and the high horse you love to ride here behind.   Back to the argument, stealth in HoN/DoTA while similar to League is fairly different mainly I believe due to the size of the map which doesn't really allow for the aggressive wandering that stealth is known for in League. Due to the size of the map people can go missing for large periods of time and basically you have to play carefully all the time.   Then there is the fact that Hon/DoTA have Dust of Appearance which also is fairly moderately priced at minimum allows you to chase the stealth hero and at most kill them before they do their thing.   As for why stealth heroes in HoN/DoTA are used in high play is that they for the most part are hard carries that have some pretty hard scaling with items and have great abilities that help them do their thing and the stealth part is actually not that major in comparison to the other skills save Night Hound/Stealth Assassin. This classification also allows for people to play correctly against them because their need for farm generally makes them stay in lane or eating jungle creeps until they get a few key items.   Lastly Leeharris can keep your e-penis waving out of this, because you are starting to look a lot like the stereotypical tournament player constantly shouting out achievements and stats when they are not really needed.
1	anyone with good mobility like corki is a good pick into teams with a lot of cc.  As much as it sucks to accept, you're not going to win every game, sometimes you just can't carry the game. I play mid lane and what I like my bot lane to do (if they get an advantage) is to take their tower, then come mid and take the mid tower.  This rotation takes a minute or two to pull off and once you have the mid tower down, SO much of the map opens up.  It also allows me to roam and try to get other lanes ahead.   Don't know man
1	I would say that this is essentially a buff in disguise, but I could be wrong.     New Passive - Buffed version of E (doesn't alert enemies) now made in passive form allowing WW to out-duel any champion in the game and easily stay on top of them at level 1 simply by taking either Q or W first which would give him huge sustain on top of extreme movespeed. Level 2 will be even more of a stomp, when he has Q and W.     Q - Flat damage was reduced, making it worse in the jungle, but better in lane. Took the AP ratio off in favor of an AD ratio, as well as reducing mana costs and adding a percent missing health aspect. AD has always been better on WW simply because he is so good at sticking to enemies and sustaining. Putting an AD scale is only a buff because people rarely build him with AP, and the percent missing health will rack up damage quickly and provide Warwick with an almost certain kill on any champion below 50% health due to his new passive stickiness and increased damage Q (giving increased healing).     W - Unless you failed to mention that W would still only have half effect for allies, this is a huge buff for W, giving allies the same bonus attack speed at level 1 (40%) that it normally would at level 5. Warwick's old passive was also added (though it does 1 less magic damage and healing per hit at 18). With blood scent on an enemy it would also give him more attack speed than usual at level 5, and with max CDR he would be able to keep W active permanently (as he already can), meaning he never needs to build an attack speed piece.     E - An added spell on low cooldown also scaling with AD and costing low amounts of mana. With an AoE effect Warwick can now quite easily splitpush at will, and will have increased damage in teamfights even more so that solo lanes.     R - Not a buff on damage, but it can also make Warwick significantly tankier, yet I still consider this a nerf to his ult, besides its new symbiotic relationship with his passive and thus his other powers.       I expect that if this were to go through we would see a top lane Warwick begin crushing people.     The low mana cost and spammably low cooldwon of E will allow him to build certain items that will cause him to wreck lanes, discussed more specifically later.     His Total AD scaling, low cooldowns, and percent health damages (both missing and max) will make him deal large amounts of damage without building significant damage items.       Perhaps his most overpowered feature is the items he will now be able to build.   *We already know that building BoRK on Warwick allows you to bring many characters to 50% health rather quickly. At this point in live you would only gain the benefit of your increased movespeed and reveal, but with the new changes he will become nearly unstoppable at this point, gaining low cooldown percent missing health and increased attack speed as well as increased armor and magic resist if you haven't already used your ult.   *The low cooldown on E will allow Warwick to splitpush lanes and also proc sheen passives quickly and easily along with Q. This will mean that he will not only be able to easily push minions, but also quickly destroy towers with Trinity Force (even quicker than currently with W). This tactic will be hard to stop because on top of this new excellent push Warwick will also have the ability to duel almost anyone in the game, meaning teams will need to send at least two champions and creating a nearly unbeatable splitpusher, similar to where Tryndamere was not long ago. This will also increase his damage in fights, either with Iceborn Gauntlet or Trinity Force.   *The low mana cost and cooldown of E will mean that Warwick will easily be able to stack a manamune (which some people already do, but with Q it is much more risky and much harder). Manamune toggle is destructive with Warwick's R already, but the new changes will make a high risk high reward piece into a low risk high reward piece that will be bought on every Warwick ever.
1	I think champ sales have something to do with balancing. We had for a while three AD carries playing 80% of all games at a very wide range of ELOs with Ezreal being the most played. This makes it so people will buy and play fewer AD carries. Also they, and we alike, prefer having variety. Seeing the same three people in most games was getting stale. If you paid attention to the crowd in the World Finals, you would notice they got excited when somebody picked anybody who wasn't one of the holy trinity. They would show someone like Tristana or Ashe, and there would be cheers. Then they would lock in Ezreal, and the crowd would be let down. Notice they left alone what makes Ezreal stronger than an attack speed slow. They left alone his low cool-down long-range blink. If you ask most people, that's what breaks him. His W is just a perk.
1	But you can get everything you need to play without putting any money into it, that means it's free, right?" You ask. No, it doesn't.   Yes, yes it does. That is pretty much the definition of free.   > Unlike a Free to Play game, you're not just picking LoL up and putting it down if you decide you don't want to invest after 10, 15 hours.   Yes, you can do that. Many people do.   > League could double or triple that time investment, easily, for new players to decide they don't like it.   And? When you start playing you're playing because you like the game, or because you're on the fence / still trying it out. No one spends their first 10 hours of LoL grinding, they are just  playing the game . For free. By your standard no game content that takes time to unlock - like say the next level, end boss, good loot etc - is free.   > What isn't fine is when you have 32 million players and I'd wager approximately 1/9 or 1/10 are toxic asshats (that's about 1 per game), because you dumped the moderation duties on the community's shoulders with the tribunal.   Toxicity has nothing to do with tribunal being crowd sourced, it has to do with Riot choosing an extremely lax standard of moderation, through the fact that it is really fucking hard to actually get to the tribunal.   > What isn't fine is when everyone trumpets that you've gotten VISAs for your esports players, but you're losing millions hosting your tournaments (The Staples Center cost Riot somewhere around 2 million in losses, if I remember correctly - too bad that 2 million didn't go towards maintaining your community and servers instead!),   Riot's investments into esports are all about growing the customer base and fanloyalty in the long run. It's basically nothing but marketing.   > and then you turn around and promote a competitive hierarchy to go along with it that's probably caused more grief and stress than the 1st World War.   You should probably stop playing this game.   > What isn't fine is when you're raking in profits like never before, but still try and justify prices on EVERYTHING going up, the logic behind which doesn't make any sense.   All companies set prices to maximize profits.   > What isn't fine is when you're going to tell me that you had absolutely no idea that the game was going to explode this hard, when that is exactly what you planned for it to do.   Every single game company ever would have loved to have their game explode like LoL did, but you  cant  actually plan to have it do that (if you could, then everyone would do it) and you can't invest in massive infrastructure ahead of time in case you succeed, because you can only afford that if you do succeed, which you probably wont. Riot have done a lot of things right to get where they are, but they also got extremely lucky.   > however, unlike a monetary investment, you cannot cut your losses and go do something else - you cannot get any of your time and money back.   Cutting your losses doesnt mean getting (part of) your investment back, it means not losing more from this point forward, which you  can  do, just walk away.   > And to the point, I complain because unlike in a market, where you can "cash out" if your investment seems shaky, or you lose confidence or something like that, you cannot "withdraw" your investment from League.   This is basically the definition of  not an investment .
1	Matchmaking Rating decides picking order. Lolking score isn't the same as MMR. Guy with  1500 lolking score might have higher MMR than you at 1700.   LP gains are based on the MMR (elo) distance to next promotion series.   Player 1 @ Silver 1 has 1600 MMR, 70 LP.   Player 2 @ Silver 1 has 1500 MMR, 90 LP.   Gold 5 is 1550 MMR.   Player 1 wins a game and gains 30 LP -> enters series. He already had the MMR needed for promotion series so the system really wants him there.   Player 2 wins a game and gains 3 LP and +15 MMR, is now at 1515 MMR of the 1550 needed for series. Distance to series 35 MMR, but only 7 LP. Next games will be worth the around the same +3 LP, +15 MMR for wins. Losses can be like -15 LP, -15 MMR, but it doesn't mean much.   The weak LP gains like player 2 has are common in division 1 of EVERY league. That's because the MMR distance between leagues is greater than the distance between divisions within the league. Only at Diamond 1 the LP truly shows the distance to promotion series I think.
1	For me ranked is an addiction, i'm just too competitive and after losing i have the feeling i NEED to win, to finally win my diamond promos.. But its just so frustrating so i play more and more to finally get out of plat 1 and be a diamond butterflyyyyyy.. :[   SOOO.... For me ranked is addicting maybe making him stop playing rankeds will help. Cause then he has no goal to achieve = no rage = having fun, etc and maybe it will lead him to stop playing LoL.   Or u could just fix a hot girl for him loool ;p!
0	Drinking isn't illegal.  Getting drunk isn't illegal.  Further, getting drunk and being in public isn't illegal either.  It's a common misconception reinforced by asshole cops or perhaps equally misinformed cops.  Being drunk in public only contributes to a criminal act when coupled with some activity which either disturbs or blocks the public use of the public area or shows that you are incapable of caring for yourself.  Note: slight stumbling, slurring of calm words, or smelling like a tub of booze do not demonstrate such incapacity.  Conversely, yelling, throwing up, falling down, running into people or things, or walking into the street will give the cops legitimate justification for citing/arresting you.   Basically, you should take your citation (or arrest) as calmly as possible.  And then when sober, don't just rollover and pay the fine or plead guilty without at least first checking the cop's written incident report to see if what he alleges even supports the charge.  If he doesn't specifically state something you did that could be seen as a disturbance (i.e. yelling, throwing up, etc.) or that shows incapacity (ie. falling down, walking into the street, etc.) then you have an extremely high chance of winning a challenge.
0	Seriously. If it's not something you'd be comfortable saying in front of your grandparents you should assume it's not something regular society wants to have to deal with.   I swear way too much and it's brought home everytime i'm around my grandparents. That guys is a ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffreaking joke! Seriously though what a ddddddddddddddd--aaaaahhhhhhhh----annoying person!
1	I'm not bent out of shape, I simply suggested that you read the comments on your other post. I don't see the issue with that.   Also, against reddit rules to ask for upvotes, so creating a post to gain upvotes is pretty close to being against the rules...   And lastly, the reason your post didn't get many views is because it got out of front page of the new tab because many posts are created because many people repost their posts or of posts saying the exact same thing (I'm looking at you "RIP Ahri" posts...).  You re-posting is exactly the reason that your 1st post didn't get that many views , just so you're aware...
1	If you take a look at the math behind who will win, a ranged AD versus a melee AD, the melee will always win. They have better base stats and better scaling. They have to, otherwise nobody would play melee champs: you spend time running up to their AD carry and they still outdamage you. Who would want to play that role?   Teemo's advantage, and that of all ranged champions, is that he has a ranged attack so that you never have to get in melee range of the other champ. He doesn't need to use any abilities to harass Tryn, and if Tryn commits and spins towards him he can blind and run away, hitting move quick if he needs to. If Tryn disengages, you get in another autoattack or two as he's running back with no abilities up.   Teemo would not fight Tryn in melee range unless he has a death wish. You win the lane by autoattacking him every time he goes in for a last hit, blinding and backing off if he commits.   Teemo will destroy Tryn early early early game through the basic nature of a ranged versus a melee matchup. Tryn will have the advantage around 6-7. Teemo will be able to come back and have the upper hand after he gets Frozen Mallet and / or shrooms laid down everywhere, but will likely not be able to kill Tryn thanks to his sustain -- but by late game, getting a kill as solo top is not really the point, is it? In fights, Teemo will blind Tryn removing all damage dealt except for his spin, and use shrooms / frozen mallet to peel him off your squishies.   Saying "hotshot lost versus Tryn as Teemo" doesn't mean Teemo is bad. Of all the champs you could put versus Tryn, Teemo remains consistently one of the best in the game throughout almost all stages.
1	I'll be honest and say that I don't even think 2.5 seconds is enough to run 5 people past a turret, unless they have someone like ori or jayce. and even then maybe not so much. I liked the idea of ohmwrecker being more of an offensive fortify, similar to banner being a replacment to promote. Its fun it lets more people use extra summoners. but ohmwrecker     Always has such weird build problems.     And im not sure who the item was designed for. Supports don't have enough gold, and most junglers are not AP     The stats are counter intuative, Most tanks are AD except maybe zac and elise, who are better off building Mpen.     The large amounts of regen are supposed to encourage diving.... what? I don't understand why this item has such high regen and is supposed to be used for diving.     It doesn't give any stats that would be good in an actual dive, seriously 2.5 seconds of no tower shots, turrets have a 1.0 attack speed, thats basically blocking 2 shots, nothing to write home about. granted the damage reset can help, but if your shen or rammus is tanking you have nothing to worry about.     It can't be used it goofy tower dive all day comps, since it has a 7.5 second delay before another can be used again.       A   few   possible   changes     The item needs more tanky stats, anything else besides regen, mana regen is the most expensive stat in the game, and can make items appear gold effecient. the value of the mana regen and the value of the health on the item are almost the same, I would rather have an additional 350hp when tanking then 15/mp5     Its build path, can be changed to use emblem of valor, and give a team hp regen, to have you not get harassed as much when preparing for the right dive.     A weird on here, have the active duration scale throughout the game, like (1.7+0.1per champion level) making the duration at level 18 3.5 seconds and would still allow for riskier dives earlier on.     This is very indirect but, if turrets shot faster and did less damage per hit (like dota2) but scaled after many more shots, this item would be much more valuable.     If an active or passive part of it buffed allied turrets somehow, it wouldnt have to make them invulnable attack twice as fast or do splash damage, but simply an attack speed buff when the holder of ohmwrecker is around would be nice
1	NightBlue3 is just very specific on how the game should work, he tells evrything like it is now because there is SO many people that want to learn and know things NOW, not just if you do well you can solo win, he tells everyone what his team did wrong and "flames" to tell everyone what should have happened, he's just saying it in a way that we can all understand, because we've all been in that position where we feel wronged by our team when we are performing well and our team makes fatal mistakes. But we should note that he doesn't tell his team anything; for the most part, as it wouldn't help his team play better. He plays his role and EXPECTS others to play theirs, I don't see what's wrong with that at all. I respect him as both a player and streamer for being informative and almost a very daily dedicated streamer. I don't think we can truly blame him, he streams so much that half the time he "flames" it's because he is tired or stressed from so much streaming, and if you don't think that is stressful at all, try playing a game that requires most of your attention, but you also have to keep THOUSANDS of people happy or at least entertained.
0	When I had my interview for my previous job, I asked for $8 an hour. We agreed on $7.50 an hour. (.25 cents more the minimum wage here) I agreed because I really needed a job and money. I busted my ass. Long story short they only paid my $7.25 an hour and ruled out any chances that I would make the $7.50 they agreed on, especially since I didn't have any proof that they did offer me $7.50. After staying their a little while, I quit that job last month and have been struggling to find another recently. The well is running dry. I've been trying to go to school, but paying a monthly rent and car payment makes that really tough.
1	its not really respectful to the other pro who was already in the analyst desk  you guys flaming and getting mad because "( insert pro name here) couldnt join at the world, therefore he should be at world analyst desk"  is not very logical move plus its really really disrespectful   for the love of god there is reason why scarra wasnt choose to be there or other pro players   i mean..... if you really wanted to see them at world too bad dude they didnt pass the playoff.... therefore no world for them be glad riot was nice enough to put pro players in anaylist desk   personally i dont think na people will understand how korea team will play and analyze since you guys barely beat them all you guys will do is " OH THATS SUCH A NICE MOVE" or " OH GOD ITS SO GOOD" "LOOK AT HIS MECHANICS PERFECT DECISION" i would rather have a interview with the winnning team just like ogn instead of some boring analyze that you guys cant pull off in rest of your life   i mean you guys love ogn and wants riot to follow like ogn have intro like ogn have tournement like ogn have team like ogn   might as well copy ogn from top to bottom
0	This isn't a good thing to generalize. In my limited experience, knowing what other people make doing what I do (software engineer) helps me to price myself. My job can range from 75k to 225k and having no basis for comparison puts me in a bad bargaining position. Yeah I'd be happy with 100k, but if they are willing to pay me 150k for the same job, I should ask for it. When I moved to this new job market a few years ago I was significantly underpaid. I learned from coworkers what is acceptable compensation (not just what I was happy with), and when I left that team, I bargained with my new team. On the other side of it, I have acquaintances that I share my compensation info with and it has helped them do exactly the same. The truth of the matter is that nobody's compensation will be the same and everybody thinks they work more than the next person. The key to sharing this information is to pick who you share it with wisely. I tend to over share because I think getting the information out there will help them to progress and earn what they are worth.
1	This post seems to rise to the front page everyone once in a while, and from what I have gathered everyone has the exact same idea of whats going on. People in the LoL community have no reason outside the immediate moment. If you die once, or make a bad choice, the "rager" will assume you make that bad choice every time. Even if you get dove, it is always your fault to the other person. There is no such thing as a bad game, and losing early translates to losing altogether. I still feel this mindset is a small population of the community, but it is obviously present. All you can do is be encouraging and wait out this cancer until you come across it again in another match.
1	It's kind of a bug, yet not. What they did with E, a good while ago, was that after you use your E it makes sure you hit the enemy after (the same way they did it with Akali R - for consistency) - However, pressing Q mid-air resets the already given command; Which means your next AA will come out slightly later if you don't remember to give it the command mid-push
1	LoL uses a variable K-factor depending on a few different things, especially in normal games.   I understand that the system modifications aren't complex, but the entire point is that you can't know without Riot's data what they are, and Riot does not release specific data. If you had a scenario where a bot played games individually in ranked or normals and you had access to the Elo data, yes, that'd show relatively quickly (aside from the problems inherent in matchmaking a bot normally.)   Since bots are clearly sub-1250, and rankings under 1250 aren't displayed, finding the ranked elo range that corresponds to 50-50 W/L against bots isn't feasible to us.   The consistency doesn't mean the bot's Elo won't change, it'll decrease steadily as the playerbase gets collectively stronger. :p My point is that Elo assumes that you're aggregating a collection of discrete skills into a single rating, and you have equivalent but different skill bundles at any given rating. There are things I do much better than people at the same Elo, there are things I do worse. Every player at that level is very different, but on aggregate we have the same level of winning impact over time in similar situations.   Bots are extreme outliers to the normal playerbase. They don't play the game the same way (Karthus maphacks, gold generation, intentionally gimped 6 item build). They are extremely strong in some areas and extremely weak in some areas. I don't think it's unreasonable to suggest that bots may show unusual patterns in win/loss against higher skilled opponents that deviates from the norm for their Elo.   Even if you don't buy that, the point remains that Elo estimates are only expected to hold true for the population at a certain rating vs. the population at a certain rating, not for individual matchups. If 1000 random 1500s play 1000 random 1200s, you can accurately estimate the win probability for that skill level vs. that skill level. Each individual matchup does not have that probability of winning, because individual player quirks make up a massive difference in any individual matchup.   Extrapolating from this, people can specialize in high variance or low variance gameplay styles, which impacts their individual expected win curve against certain Elo ranges. People who play high variance champs and styles will do proportionally better against stronger Elo ranges and worse against lower Elo ranges. On the whole, the entire population will meet the expected win percentages by Elo, however individual players do not and should not be absolutely expected to fit that model precisely.
1	Here's my take on things, its extremely hard to perfectly balance things so that everything is viable at once so when they see something being played every game they nerf it a bit.   Why? Champions have counters and synergies whether its in lane, team fights, or something else. When one champion gets nerfed it makes way for new champions and new counters and new synergies. Sometimes Riot does go overboard with nerfs or buffs but sometimes good picks get unnoticed for a while and then one day some pro picks him up and he becomes insta ban.   I do agree with AD added item variety though, but defensive and AP does have alot of options.
1	doesnt proc on his q which is kinda his main dmg spell and its to expensive for only offensive stats. If you buy it early you are not tanky wich will set you behind. You also have to stack it wich costs alot of mana and Time   I personally started building  ICEBORN GAUNTLET  on olaf it gives you:     Armour for tankyness   Cdr for more Q´s and E´s which are basically his main dmg tools   Mana for more Q´s   You can basically get a Sheenproc on every or atleast every 2nd AA becase of your Q spam   AOE slow ontop of the shen proc     I personally build Glacial shroad -> Giantsbelt -> Iceborn. Im not the best olaf player but the iceborn helps me ALOT at sticking at the enemy carry.
0	Do not delete anything .  I am a firm believer that too many people have easily obtained or renewed their  licenses in America and are operating rolling death machines , ignorant of the fact that at any second they can take a persons life by driving in unsafe conditions beyond the limit of their own reaction ability  or their vehicles  responsiveness on the road due to environmental conditions  . I totally disagree with the victimized depiction of the woman who was operating the vehicle .  I don't really want to get into the sciences of stopping distance based on her vehicle and the speed in which she admitted to be traveling (which was in excess of the maximum safe driving speed for the road she was traveling on) The simple fact is I have been driving for almost 14 years and have only been in one accident that was unavoidable  where a car I was well aware of turned into me with a 5 foot stopping distance from an oncoming lane , while I was traveling at 40mph in my restored 1969 Datsun 510 with only tiny drum brakes .  Being aware in that moment is what meant the difference between T-Boning his 2005 350z and possibly  injuring his 50+year old wife in the passenger seat . Due to instinct and watching the road diligently regardless of how much "right of way " I had , I was able to hit my brakes just in time to avoid his door panel and clip his rear bumper .  Both parties were fine but my classic car and my love for being a grease monkey died that day .  Needless to say being an aware driver has definitely helped me avoid accidents and possibly saved a life or two over the years . Operating a machine that can kill should be taken far more seriously than it is . Using the judicial system as a leverage point by counter suing for intangibly provable damages  should be 100% illegal. It boils down to personal accountability and allowing the court system to be a tool in shirking responsibility .  It ties up the entire system for people who have honest  legal matters to attend to.  If she did not drive over the recommended safe speed for the roads and was aware of her surroundings this would not have happened . I haven't seen a bicycle that can travel faster than my eyes can . And if I can't see 5 feet in front of me , I drive like I can't see 5 feet in front of me .  She is as negligent as the mother who let's her baby drown in its bath water in my eyes .  Cars are roving death machines able to kill tens of people in seconds .  It's real life mad max out there minus the spikes and crazy Tina turner , people just don't realize it until they have a lawyer coaxing them into a legal battle to limit damages to their future .
1	Couples should never lane together unless its bot games (or they start to synergize well enough to do so) this is not your case. Separate your lanes completely for the time being.   Your goal to lower your deaths should be as low as possible especially during the start of the game. I usually go for under 5 deaths for the entire game, it might mean I don't get the kill sometimes but I at least force them out of lane or out of the fight. 7 deaths to me is just outright bad. Once I hit 7 I feel like I'm doing really bad and need to tighten up on my playing during that game.
1	A penta almost always kinda just changes the mood of the game into something a bit more fun, and to be fair if the enemy team gets a quadra, there's probably not much you can do.   So yea, contrary to the popular circlejerk, I think it's better to just give the penta. It makes one person feel good, generally makes the rest of the game friendlier, and metaphorically cockblocking someone's penta just makes you look like a douche.   There are very few 1v5 penta's. They're not really any way to measure a players skill. "Earning it" isn't really something you have to do.
1	In order to even get to promotionals, you need to have an mmr higher than your current division. So if you're a silver looking to get to gold, your mmr must be at the minimum gold (I heard somewhere it was equal to the third division of the tier so Gold 3?) before you can even qualify for promotions. In this sense, if you even got into promotionals in the first place, you had to have defeated increasingly higher leveled players, otherwise you wouldn't have made it to promotionals.   The system is fine because the important matchmaking variable IS your mmr. The mmr is the more accurate measurement of where you should be or are at the moment. The division/tier system is nothing but visual fluff to give you an easier to interpret figure. It's supposed to make it easier for you to compare your position with your friends as well as make objectives clearer (i.e. I want to get into the next division/tier, to do so I just have to go through x divisions).   -- Take the case where your mmr is much higher than your current division. In your case, you would get matched up with those in the same division and, because your skill level is much greater, you are more likely to win and, depending on how much higher your mmr is, you may completely dominate the other team. You would constantly do this until you begin to struggle more to win and then you'd settle around where you should be. In the process, however, you would have probably stepped on a lot of people trying to move up (hence why Riot doesn't endorse smurfing).   In current case, you are constantly matched against people of your presumed skill level. Riot compensates for the fact that because you're matched against people around your mmr, the chances of victory shouldn't be so lopsided, and adjusts the actual visual gain of ranking (LP) as such. So since you have a higher mmr than your division, if you lose, your LP loss isn't that much, and if you win, you gain a large amount of LP. If you're playing people of your skill level, you should win about as often as you lose in which case you would actually make gradual progress up. On top of that, since you're playing people around your presumed skill level, it gives you more opportunity to improve your play while you're working up.   --
1	If you really want to climb the ladder pick the role you can play best instead of support. You may get AD Carries that aren't as good as you so playing support is kind of pointless then.   It's also the role with the least impact on the game and I would not choose a playmaker support like Alistar or Leona until 1500 elo because people may not follow your engage.
0	There were these two bullies in my old school who were like this, except one time the kid pushed me over and told me to respect my elders, and then the other bully punched him in the face for pushing me before he got to push me, and told HIM to "respect your elders" cuz he was a day older than the first guy...
1	Now, I obviously have no idea as to the actual numbers of the average age of players in League of Legends, let alone any of the other eSports that you would be capable of having. I feel like the only thing that would cause a problem is that having a bar implies having alcohol which implies being of age to drink.  Obviously you don't HAVE to drink in a bar, but it definitely could be a problem. Especially in the States, where the drinking age is 21.   In my opinion though, that would be something I would absolutely love to see happening, and I see it as more as a matter of time thing than a trial thing. As eSports grow in popularity, a more social aspect of them will be the next logical step.
1	Not a lot better, at most you're looking at a .35*.1=.035 aka a 3.5% overall damage reduction until he builds more crit. The mastery was more designed as a lategame mastery I think for people who wanted to be full tank. As I said though there's a lot of math that actually goes into deciding if it's more worthwhile than a point in Legendary armor and most people don't want to go through the trouble of doing that every match. Besides you can't predict if your opponent is actually going to build crit or not and how much to actually consider if it's worth it.
0	I disagree with this. A lot of time this argument of "Oh yeah, well unless you can tell me how to do it shut up," is a way to silence opposition and critique. There are some problems that I don't have an easy solution to. Our bank regulations for example. But being unwilling to openly criticize those concepts creates the illusion they are accepted and passable.   On a more personal level, when a doctor makes a mistake a patient doesn't have to know how to do it right to criticize. When a friend does something stupid, hurtful, you can just go "dude, dick move. Don't do that again."
0	Actually, you're showing your ignorance about how schools actually work. Schools are tremendously understaffed and that hour and a half off you're talking about absolutely does not exist. At the school I worked at the teachers got no lunch breaks and would just wolf a sandwich while doing paperwork while the kids were at gym or music just to keep their heads above water--it was special ed, so the teachers DROWNED in paperwork. And often we would stay after school until 7 or 8 so as not to take home more paperwork and just get it done at school. There's 60 hours right there. Throw in report cards--which in special education, a class of 12-15 will take upwards of 40 or 50 hours, adhering to crippling state education  standards--and you've got WELL over the figure I was talking about.   Teachers are salaried. They get paid bullshit in the US to work off the clock all the time. I think why you are erroneously and ignorantly accusing me of being a liar is because you think all teachers do is twiddle their thumbs for a few hours and go home. This may have been the case with the people who taught YOU--and I don't mean that as a slam on your intelligence or education, because unlike you I don't accuse people of actions or qualities they may not do or possess when I don't know them or what they're about--but rather an explanation of why you feel the urge to completely disrespect a traditionally fucking backbreaking and sometimes heartbreaking pursuit when you clearly have no idea what you're talking about at ALL.
0	Aye, and it seems a lot of people are so radical about their atheism that they begin to manifest the same flawed properties that many theists do, just under the banner of "Science".   Agnosticism is the way to go, either way, really; agnostic atheism or agnostic theism, where essentially you're saying "I don't  know  if there is a deity, but I do/don't believe in one (or more)."   Gnosticism is where you 'do' know and you take your stance depending on your 'knowledge'. Although you cannot establish scientifically in any way that there is a God that exists and the burden of proof  is  on theists, you cannot say that a God cannot exist on the premise of there not being proof.   There is one person I 'know', whom is an honest Christian but an excellent scientist at heart as well. He understood well that under the scientific method and through logic he couldn't argue for Christianity being 'true'; he'd always held his religion as his personal belief and would go as far as to argue for agnostic atheism rather than Christianity. It's the  one  instance I've seen (and accepted the idea of) where someone clear-mindedly neglects logic in lieu of any other reason (perhaps comfort, emotion or whatever) and is able to see the errors of it, without faltering.   I'll always respect the man that can say he's not reasonably 'correct' and would argue otherwise, but making the exception for himself because it only needs to affect him.
1	Monopolies derive their market power from barriers to entry – circumstances that prevent or greatly impede a potential competitor's ability to compete in a market...  Network externalities: The use of a product by a person can affect the value of that product to other people. This is the network effect. There is a direct relationship between the proportion of people using a product and the demand for that product. In other words the more people who are using a product the greater the probability of any individual starting to use the product. This effect accounts for fads, fashion trends,[12] social networks etc. It also can play a crucial role in the development or acquisition of market power. The most famous current example is the market dominance of the Microsoft office suite and operating system in personal computers." see wikipedia.
1	Please just add in unique items with abilities similar to Dota's items: Eg.  Force Staff: (Pushes any target unit 600 units in the direction it is facing)   Aghanim's Scepter: (Upgrades the ultimate's of certain champions)   Black King Bar: (Grants magic immunity for 10/9/8/7/6/5/4 seconds),   Ghost Scepter (Enter ghost form and become unable to attack or be attacked by physical damage, but take 40% extra magic damage.)   Skull Basher: (Gives a chance to stun for 1.4 seconds. Bash Chance for Melee Heroes: 25%/ Bash Chance for Ranged Heroes: 10%)   Shadow Blade: (Makes you invisible until the duration ends, or until you attack or cast a spell. While Shadow Walk is active, you move 20% faster and can move through units)   Scythe of Vyse: (Turns a target unit into a harmless critter for 3.5 seconds = Lulu polymorph.)   The only unique items league has that actually has an interesting active is Zhonya's, and GA every other item active in the game are actives that slow the other people eg. Randium's Omen, Rylai's, Frozen Mallet, Twin Shadows, etc
0	There is an illegal who is (was?) in the hospital in Texas with some kind of brain tumor and he's been in a coma for months. Of course he's uninsured and the hospital wants to send him to a hospital in Mexico to continue his treatment. Well, his wife (also illegal, if I recall) is suing to keep him in the USA, at the hospital.
0	Yet again, the English language is so limited that the words used to describe God fail to do the job.   Omnipotence only becomes paradoxical if you force it to be. A better way to understand it is this: An omnipotent being lacks no possible power. If understood that way, there is no paradox.   A better question is this, as God is omniscient, can we have true freedom? I believe we can and he is, but I recognize that some aspects of a God that is outside of the limits of our consciousness can't be understood by our limited minds. The problem with omniscience is that it includes foreknowledge. So if God knew I was going to grab McDonalds for breakfast on my way into work this morning, could I have grabbed Burger King instead? If I did, then God would be wrong. If I couldn't, then I'm not truly free, am I? This is where we get into discussions about timelessness and metaphysical libertarianism. It gets really complicated and goes beyond what I feel like typing out on my smartphone.
0	Consideration for another who is important to you and returns the favor, definition of a healthy relationship.
0	I've been doing interviews for my company for three years.   I'd rather recommend a person for hire who has a pleasant personality and a good work ethic who has to google almost every line of code than a "über-leet n1nja coder".   We even have a special word at work: fipooty. Fipooty is a word that embodies the combination of social retardation, a cleverer-than-thou attitude, the desire to work remote flex time after three days on the job, and the foul odor that accompanies most "über-leet n1nja" coders.
1	In the two ezreals situation it can especially be proven that Armor Seals will always be better than AD seals. Lets make a few statements.     Anytime Ezreal A is in range of AutoAttacking Ezreal B, Ezreal B must also be in range of Autoattacking Ezreal A.     The same can be said for Mystic Shot     Armor seals give 1.41 armor each, 12.69 total     AD seals give .43 attack damage each, 3.87 total     We'll exclude glyphs and marks for the sake of simplicity, assuming each ezreal has neither.     Level 1 Ez has 47.2 AD, 12 Armor       So Ez A (who has AD seals) starts with:   51 AD, 12 Armor   Ez B (armor seals) starts with:   47.2 AD, 24.69 Armor   If Each Ez Q's and each Each Q hits then the following happens:   Ez A's Q: 35(+51) = 86   Ez B's Q: 35(+47.2) = 82.1   Ez B gets hit by Ez A's Q: 86 Damage (*0.8(the damage multiplier with ~25 armor) = 68.8  Damage   Ez A gets hit by Ez B's Q: 82.1 Damage (*.89(the damage multiplier with 12 armor) = 73.069   So the Ez that specs with armor seals will do more damage in a trading of the Q's   The same situation with Autoattacks:   Ez A's Autoattack does 51 AD lvl 1 (with his AD seals)   Ez B's Autoattack does 47.2 AD lvl 1   Ez A hits Ez B with an auto = (51 AD * .8 Damage multiplier) = 40.8   Ez B hits Ez A with an auto = (47.2 AD * .89 Damage multiplier) = 45.39
1	I agree with you for the most part of the silly factor of the post.  They can be fun but it can get out of hand and for the most part and I understand some people don't want to see that sort of drivel when they visit /r/lol.   However reddit is a community driven website so if the community upvotes those and decides that a subreddit should be filled with those type of posts then the only one that can stop them is the moderator. To be honest with you any sort of general discussion forum is going to degrade into these types of behavior unless they are actively moderated to be on target.   As far as your anger though, I am still not sure that it is warranted. I see no problem with suggesting a better subreddit for this person to post their question in, especially in your case where you are disgusted with them posting in the wrong subreddit. You see every post has a home but the user might just have the wrong one. At the end of the day silly posts to /r/lol contribute to the community just as much as your reply of "ugh, r/lol is becoming lol general discussions". You are basically committing the same error you are calling the OP out on. I hope you are able to see that through your disgust.   All that aside I personally do not like all the pro-scene posts  that occur in /r/lol. However, I do not flame about it. I subscribe to other subreddits concerning lol ( a good starting point is the sidebar which list several good focused subreddits). If I do not feel like a post contributes to what I feel /r/lol should be I downvote it and move on. I would suggest you do the same as your anger is not healthy for you well being.   If we moved all posts from general discussion into specific subreddits the only posts that woudl be left are posts pointing to users to other subreddits.
0	Bought a Mitsubishi Eclipse from a repo dealer. We test drove it and the transmission was off a bit. Didn't shift well in low gears. The repo said they would fix it if we would pay the original asking price and we got that in writing. It was about a grand less than kbb value so it sounded like a deal. We fought them for around 6 months before they finally replaced the master clutch cylinder. They debated us on how fixed, fixed meant. Does it work at all? That's fixed. They had us taking it to this run down shady looking shop. 3 times we brought it in and they kept it for a few days then got it working fantastic and a few days later it'd act up again.
0	I want to backtrack slightly on part of my statement. I said that a child's best chance is with "two parents of different sexes," and I realize that was homophobic. But I do feel that two parents will have a higher likelihood of more effectively raising a child, especially considering that some of the immense responsibility of parenting can be shared. But not only that. It's also more likely that two parents in a stable relationship are at a point in their lives where they already have the resources (finances and time, notably) to raise a child effectively.   I certainly stand by my statement that you are now downplaying the irresponsibility of your actions. Again, I'm not trying to argue that your baby will not be "awesome," it's just... well I hate to be harsh, but I will be.   You yourself said it was a mistake to not wear protection, indicating you did not intend to have a child at this time. And you will eluded that raising a child will be more difficult for you as you currently have to continue school and start your career. So you would agree that it would have been easier for you to wait to have a child after establishing a career and laying down a strong foundation for your future?   The probability that your child will be raised effectively has been lowered. Now there are a lot of factors that go into an upbringing, and I'm sure you will capitalize heavily on the ones you can control (e.g. good parenting style, playing with your child, teaching right from wrong, love and compassion) but there will also be other factors that you will be less able to control due to your situation (e.g. amount of time you can spend with your child, finances, etc.). Every little bit counts. As I said previously, it won't be impossible and I truly wish you the best... but that doesn't change the fact that you did not make the best decision by having unprotected sex before you had truly prepared to have a child.
0	Tell me about it. I had my card locked because I "used it too much" and made "too many large purchases". I was a bridesmaid at a wedding that was in two days,  of course I was making frequent large purchases . But the customer service for the bank did not unlock cards - the fraud department did. The fraud department then told me the card was not locked and told me to talk to customer service. I kept getting the run around for hours. So on the umpteenth call, I just screamed. I screamed and screamed about how everyone was pushing me on to someone else. I screamed myself hoarse but I kept going until they closed. Then the next morning I called back and screamed some more, hung up, called back, gor a different person and calmly explained (in that I am willing to kill you voice) that I had just spent 15 minutes screaming at one of his coworkers, and if he didn't get me a manager I will do it for longer to him. Finally, I got a fraud department manager on the line and got him to call a manager in customer service. They went over my account, one of them said "ah, ummm.." there was silence and then I was told my account was definitely not locked anymore. Clearly, someone hadn't done their job right yesterday. I didn't push for an explanation though, I was just happy to be able to use my card - and promptly withdrew $300 so that I could use cash until after the wedding.   It sucks, I definitely did not have fun. If it were not for the wedding, I would have just gone to a branch on that Saturday to get the issue resolved in person. But the wedding was on that Saturday.
0	Having a sister who is auditioning and on her way to getting into a ballet company in the coming years I have to say I disagree with your statement.   She has accepted that she won't make much money but she doesn't really care, having grown up without much money she is used to it. Her passion is ballet and she would not be happy in any other field. The problem with making it a hobby is that you will always be stuck at something-something's little dance school. There will be a point where you aren't challenged anymore, but because you keep it a hobby you are stuck.
1	if you cant even get pass bronze, than youre just a bad player. if you cant carry your team, youre bad. people dont want to use skype cause no one wants to hear your nerd voice. plus, pretty fkin awkward to just ask someone to join your call, not knowing who they are, how they will react.
1	1. - Masteries  I'd like to point out I dislike the use of "support masteries" here. Utility masteries would probably fit better, and I do think that most of the utility masteries are neither exclusive to supports, nor underwhelming. Also, while it is true that supports spec into the Utility tree to get extra gold, mana regeneration, and sometimes movement speed to help them perform their role better, I myself (and most other support players I meet) rarely put the full 21 points into the Utility tree, since the Defense tree provides much more survivability. (You can't support anything when you're dead, after all.) I think this is not so much a problem with "support masteries" as much as it is a problem with the higher Utility masteries being somewhat underwhelming.   2. - Champion Availability  This is a much discussed issue within the community, and, from what I gather, within Riot Games too. There are only a few supports that are considered viable right now, but I think your analysis of which ones is slightly off (as others have pointed out already, so I won't go into that too much). The reasoning behind this, from what I've gathered from posts from Riot employees, is that first of all, there simply aren't as many people interested in supporting. This is mostly to do with the general premise of supporting, so I don't think there's much to be done about that. Second, making supports balanced is incredibly difficult. Riot needs to strike a very fine balance between utility, damage, scaling, defensive stats and a whole slew of other things that might mean a support is overpowered. We saw supports being used in other roles (usually AP mid) and absolutely destroying everything there. The combination of so much utility plus having the gold to build damage items means there's very little counterplay there. Nevertheless, I will grant you this point. There are very few supports, and there should probably be a few more. However, even with a lot of champions available, there will always be just a few champions that are deemed 'better' than the rest. If we had 100 support champions to choose from, I'd bet my left foot we'd still only play about a dozen or so.   3. - Itemization  This is also discussed frequently, and it is an issue I see in other roles, not only support. Take a look at AD or AP carries for example. The item builds within those roles are nearly identical from champ to champ, but the champion itself is what sets everything apart. While there are a lot of items out there that could theoretically be built, the community has judged all of them and deemed the items we use now to be 'the best' (see also what I just said about champion availability). Now, this isn't to say that some items that have been designed for the support role (looking at you, Locket of the Iron Solari) kind of missed the point. Also, it's not like I wouldn't like to see more diversity in item builds, but this is an issue that is spread across all the roles, and one that Riot seems to be trying to address in Season 3. We'll have to wait and see.   4. - Attitudes and Recognition  This is one of the major problems with supports at lower levels. Only they are warding, and they are sacrificing their ability to build other items for this purpose. Yes, that sucks. However, I don't really see a way for Riot to change supports in such a way that the rest of the team will start warding or respecting supports more, without altering the basic premise of support.   Now, as for your next point, I agree. It is often difficult to tell how well you did as a support based purely on the stats provided by the game. A bad support can rack up a lot of assists if they get carried by their team. A good support can have atrocious stats but still win the game for their team. What I don't see however, is why this should matter. Support is about doing as much as you can with as little as you have, and playing well is more important than racking up CS/kills/having a nice little number of how many ganks you prevented. You know you did well. Sometimes, even your team recognizes you did well. Whenever I support an AD carry, I often get compliments for my support play during or at the end of the game. A good support wins lanes. A mediocre support is just there to feed their carry health and mana and hope they will carry.   This last sentence brings me onto my next point quite nicely. Supports  can  carry. While it is true that you are relying on your team to deal damage for you and make good decisions, supports have a powerful impact on the game, most prominently during the laning phase. A good support counter wards, harasses and zones the enemy, keeps tabs on jungler presence, and much more. In many cases you are basically your carry's eyes and ears, looking out for any danger so they can focus nearly all of their attention to farming and/or killing the enemy. In the early game, it is the support that carries the carry, not the other way around. Of course, you need to work together with your carry. Of course you do. It's a 2v2 lane, not a 1v2 lane with another person just there for the ride. I see many, many bot lanes lose simply because the support and the carry aren't on the same page. This is part of what makes bot lane different from any other lane.   Now, I realize I'm crossing over into the next point a bit, but even in the late game, most supports have a very real impact on the game. It is usually the task of the support to either disrupt the enemy team (Leona, Janna, Blitzcrank, sometimes Alistar), or prevent the enemy from killing your carries. A well placed stun, a nicely timed Shurelya's, a quick Exhaust on that bruiser that just dove your carry, all of these things influence a teamfight immensely. Not to mention the map control you can provide with wards and Oracle's. While it is difficult to gauge just from looking at the stats, supports have a huge impact on the game, and thus I would conclude they can carry. However, they don't carry like carries do. Again, supports aren't carries. They shouldn't be judged by the same standards.   5. - Support isn't fun  I touched upon this in the previous point a bit, but I feel that nearly all supports have abilities that feel like they have a big impact, either by setting up kills for your team or preventing their team from killing yours. If you don't think support is fun, that is fine. You're allowed to not like certain roles within the game. I doubt there is anyone who can honestly say "I love every single role and I have trouble choosing which one to play every game I play". I personally don't like jungling. I get raged on, I get counterjungled, I botch ganks, I basically do everything wrong that a jungler could do wrong. I. Don't. Like. Jungling. Does that mean jungling isn't fun? Sort of. It isn't for me. Is it fun for other people? Yes it is.   I would like to point out that people who say "If you don't like support, you're doing it wrong" are usually right. However, it's okay to dislike a role, and I don't expect Riot to somehow make every role fun for everyone. People have different tastes, and so they like different things. Some people like to support, setting up kills, defending their carries, helping out in more subtle ways. Others like to be upfront and unkillable, so they play tanks. Still others like to see big numbers when they attack, so they play carries. It is all a matter of preference, and I don't see support as being the only role that is "not fun". I would say though, that supports (along with junglers) probably fulfill the most misunderstood role.     So. This turned out to be quite the essay, haha. I hope I didn't somehow lose my point somewhere in that huge wall of text. If you made it this far, congratulations and thank you for reading. I'm looking forward to your reply, because yours is an opinion many people share, and I would like to hear what kind of solutions you may have thought up for this problem.
1	Hey there, mid/high plat player here. I am a support main. I agree with most of this it does help to mute and focus on the game. As far as talking goes its not that big of a deal, its really the very negative sort of attitude that really seems to bring teams down. When you see allot of unwarranted negativity coming from a player especially its time to mute them. In other cases its at your discretion.   Your
1	in my last game I had a teemo and a lulu on my team.  they were in the same lane, teemo was hitting on lulu and I'm pretty sure shit went down back at base at one point.
1	I'm going to look at this from the perspective of bot lane, because that's where I spend most of my time.  Bot lane snowballing hasn't really changed much. With snowballing overall being lessened, season 4 supports get more combat stats from gold now and can snowball along with their carry. If there was the same snowballing as before, a bot lane being a little bit behind would be completely screwed by having two effective champions overpowering them. No change to snowballing would have been a huge increase in snowballing.   In season three, my wardbot self couldn't come close to dealing with a snowballed toplaner, and even a fed adc has always had a huge problem dealing with fed fighters. In laning phase, toplane is the only lane I couldn't affect. I could ensure good ganks for the jungler, ward river to help mid or even roam, and as always, ensure my adc beats their adc. But if my toplaner gives first blood and gets crushed for the remainder of lane phase, I could do nothing. Top lane would decide the game, and toplane itself would be decided by five minutes in.   I understand that toplaners might not like not being able to win the game singlehandedly anymore, but look at it from the perspective of the other people in the game. Our games were being decided by actions out of our control. Even the jungler had little opportunity to save a lane, because if the fed laner's jungler counterganks then it gets even worse.   Jungling anti-snowballing was probably hit too hard, but it has been updated over the course of the season to be brought closer to season 3. It might need a little more help, but it is's pretty decent right now.
0	Important for those in the United States - if you are arrested and you are read your Miranda Rights ("You have the right to remain silent, anything you say or do may be used against you in a court of law, ..."), you must explicitly speak that you understand your rights and are wishing to remain silent.  This was decided in a 5-4 decision by the U.S. Supreme Court in Berghuis v. Thompkins, 560 U.S. ___ (2010).   From the  Wikipedia  him. The mere act of remaining silent was, on its own, insufficient to imply the suspect has invoked his or her rights. Furthermore, a voluntary reply even after lengthy silence could be construed as implying a waiver.
0	You're forgetting the institutional knowledge that's been built up.  I left my old IT job 2 years ago for a job that didn't even pay 10% more.  Didn't even get a counter offer from  them to get me to stay.   4 years of Microsoft Exchange and Altiris training went out the door. They'd invested over 8k in training on me, and now they're going to have to pay it on someone else to train them up.  Not to mention the fact that the new person is going to have to learn how our environment works, where our files are, what our printer policies are, and how to manage all the different groups and jobs I have set up in Altiris.   So, for the next 2-6 months that he's learning, you're going to have to deal with increased ticket time and slower support response from the rest of your team.  But, I guess it wasn't worth an extra TWELVE DOLLARS A DAY to them to avoid that, so I left.   Now I make 10% more, with 50% less work, and 80% less stress.  One of the best things I ever did.   I also was somewhat amused by the fact that the next legislative session was one of the worst (from a tech support standpoint) that they'd had in 5 years (hmm...who do you also think started working for you 5 years ago?  Hmmmm...).
1	Sorry, but that's not true. [Take a look at playdota]( there is a -kick afk # command and it was quite liberally used.   DotA 2 does not disallow reconnecting after abandonment. There is even a special contingency for that situation: [the abandoner begins gaining passive gold again]( If you meant afk, you can refer to [this thread]( which is actually a complaint that it doesn't do that.
0	So the fuck what? Do you [think]( that [it]( is [uncommon](   Do you not comprehend how often that complications from sex take place?   Your tempocentric view of the world is moronic and barely thought out.   Things I do not care about for the purposes of this discussion:     Consent   Age   Social validity   Abuse   Ethics     ...NONE of it has to do with your reasoning. You tried to claim that there is a biological reason for it, and there isnt. Just because you're talking about child marriage doesn't mean that ANYTHING you say is legitimate.. everything you said is crap. Child marriage has a dozen different implications, but none of them are related to your pseudo-scientific garbage.   It's like saying rape is bad because aliens will eat your lungs. Rape IS bad, but not because you will be assaulted by aliens. And because I'm saying you won't be assaulted by aliens doesn't mean that rape is OK.
0	Trust me when i say, worry about  YOUR  shit, the rest will work out.  Focus on school, bettering yourself and securing a promising future.  You are young and full of emotions and this may even happen again with more women down the road, but true happiness is in yourself.
1	The cool thing about them implementing skin tiers is that they can also use it as an excuse to not improve old skins. i.e if they improved it they'd have to charge more because it would count as a new sound pack, which according to them (Riot) would increase skin price.
1	just disable chat in ranked games, problem (mostly) solved.   The ping system should be enough, maybe add 1-2 more things to it and it's more than enough communication. No need for chat.   Without a chat, there will be no more rage and no rage-inducing comments.   This video won't change much, a 12-16 year old's (most of your ragers and toxic players fall into this category) behavior can't be addressed by a simple video that most won't even watch.  To be honest, some will even troll more , just in spite and because they think that everyone (even Riot) is against them.   That's how puberty works for adolescents, you start getting rebellious and everyone sucks, except you.   **
0	Upvote. Because Tosh.O is a steaming pile of crap. It's not original, and it's not funny. All the jokes center around ethnicity, sex, or gender and his subject matter is basically stolen. I can have a better time watching youtube videos with my friends instead of some moron failing to be clever in front of a green screen.
1	It does have an impact, if it were to tell me some one dodged and I was playing ranked, I would leave the queue for 5 minutes, because if someone on the other team dodged it may have been cause someone was trolling, and i wouldn't like to be placed with them if i were to stay in the queue.
0	I lived on the first floor of my dorm freshmen year. Being a dorm, we all had to use a communal bathroom, and the first floor was the only one that had a handicap toilet and handicap shower. One day, there's a rush for the shower stalls (almost every freshmen got stuck with 8 am courses). All the shower stalls are occupied except for the handicap one. One of my floormates who didn't have 8am class, decides he wants to have a nice long shower in the handicap stall. About 20 minutes later, the handicap mate from my floor rolls his electric wheelchair up to the handicap stall and say "Excuse me. Excuse me. Do you think you can come out now?" Guy in the shower responds "Yo, would you chill out?! I'm not done!" Guy in shower decides to take a peak past the curtain to see who he's dealing with so he can give him shit later. Upon finding out it's the handicap kid, he drops everything, lunges out, profusely apologizing while wrapping his towel around himself. Dude was still had body wash all over himself.
0	I wish I had you as a teacher.  I took physics for 6 years (all 4 years of high school, 2 years in college) and still to this day have a passion for it.  In high school, my teacher encouraged creative thinking and I started dabbling in more advanced concepts by deriving my own equations for fun (yes, I was a nerd).   Fast forward to college, I nearly failed my first semester because I continued to use equations creatively rather than do it exactly as the professor showed us in class.  I stuck it out for two years until I finally couldn't stand it anymore and switched my major to Russian.
0	Upvotes are a function of time that when graphed, is an asymptote that approaches zero as time increases.
1	I have a feeling the rework team actually thought it was a clever pun and I don't think they knew the community was pretty attached to the original name. I agree they should revert it to Spray and Pray. I think this not because of nostalgia, but rather due to the gameplay mechanics of it in the same way I understand and agree with the Expunge rename, as it was actually misleading.   At the very least they should fix the bugs with it if they're going to rename it. Spray and Pray at least implied it missed, but Rat-a-tat-tat doesn't give me the idea that I will often miss targets due to it being a projectile, as well as be unable to damage inhibs or nexus while active.
0	Unless you were shooting film, you would have realised this after 3 or 4 long exposures and compensating for the under-exposure.   So, 30 seconds is usually the maximum shutter speed setting, unless your camera has an intervalometer built-in, or you have a remote that allows for longer exposure, or you were using "bulb" mode (which you weren't - I can almost guarantee)  x 4 shots = 2 minutes. Say you were farting around for one or 2 minutes in between each shot (for God knows what, because if the lens cap was on, you certainly weren't trying to frame anything correctly). I'd say the "all night" part of this was actually 10 minutes.
1	I think you are missing the point.  Yes mages can burst, and that's okay.  Alot of mage burst is single target, some AOE but unless fed or heavily farmed it doesnt 0-100 the ENTIRE enemy team.   I issue is ONE kill or assist AND BOOM, another full rotation of none ultimate abilities. That's like LB getting a reset on QWE (of course no mana cost) everytime she got a kill or assist.   Sure there is risk in going in melee, but when you do 1k+ damage in 2 seconds or less (most cc doesn't even travel that fast) then shit is broken.  Like I said, she is feast of famine, and getting to the feast point doesn't take some high skill.  (lol at guy who got a quad by LITERALLY hitting his face on the keyboard).  Yet Kat players pretend she is some hard to snowball champ.
1	Check the champions you are playing and focus around a specific role in the game. In my situation, I mainly focused on jungling, because not everyone likes doing it and I found myself doing it pretty good. So in every lobby I just type in the short message "I'm best at jungling, but I can just try to fit the team" and most of the times ppl will just let me jungle :)   Dont forget about Support, because you will be often the last one, or 4th pick, so it's good to communicate, and supporting someone who knows how to carry is really a pleasure.   Another thing - focus around few champions (not the 100% banned ones), some say that picking something less-played is a way to victory, because nobody is gonna steal this champion from you. But it requires a really high skill, to be able to carry on the same level with the  "God Tier"
0	As a native English speaker, while I would say that "aren't I" rolls off the tongue better, it's grammatically incorrect. 'are not' would be plural. "am I not" would refer to one person (i.e. her).
1	i have this exact same problem, only i play the fuck out of COOP vs AI games (1400+ wins, 60 losses) i cant stand playing people games because i stress out, much more in this one than other games (COD) because of how reliant it is on teamwork to ensure a functional game.   i played my first real game with my RL buddies a few days ago, did WAY better than expected, did some shit i never ever did in a bot game(like warding, i was top lane udyr vs riven, warded the fuck out of the river (always had a ward up on my flank) and even counter jungled their blu and red buffs and warded the enemy jungle.   i felt very good about myself, but i was WAY TOO stressed out the entire time, it was a mixture of excitement and anxiety, but overall was VERY pleased with my gameplay (i keep praising myself, because i fear im terrible from so many bot games)   but i had alot of fun, it wasnt a steam roll, it was fun, i want to play again, but i just cant bring myself to gamble on having a bad game, where if i play a bot game, i KNOW for a fact i will have a good time. it's wierd, ive started playing ARAMs, but they arent nearly that much fun as a bot game to me, they are always onesided from my experience, and pretty much determined at the champ select.
1	i know iht has nothing to do with OP's problem, but i would suggest you not to instandly ban WW when you are bleu team, the chances that purple team doesn't want him is very high and even if they dont ban him, you can pick him for your team
0	For the most part I agree, but one time when I worked in a Real Estate office in reception there was one woman who's name made me sing a particular festive song in my head. I didn't tell anyone for a while, but then finally one day mentioned it, and she had actually never gotten it before... At this point I had made up lyrics to it and everything about her being a Real Estate Agent etc. She loved it, ended up using it in a marketing piece... she didn't give me any credit at all though, and when it came up in front of other people she referred to me as the one who "inspired her"... instead of the one who actually came up with the whole idea... all I really wanted was a thank you, or to have maybe been in the video they filmed in our office for it.
0	I am irritated by people who can't handle odours. I can unwrap a dressing from a diabetic foot (sic!) and take all the smell.   You just need to relay that stimulus from the olfactory bulb that goes past thalamus (as opposed to any other sensory modality). It takes training, it takes what behavioral scientists call "cognitive appraisal". Don't be pussy, control your affect, control your emotional response!   Body odor (and any other kind of odor) is a phenomenon of the world. Social constructs require just as much critique as them.   Yeah, diabetic foot (which is 5-7 times worse than any sweat odor) smells bad, it's a fact, but even more irritating are the people who can't deal with it.
1	It was with a very specific game plan, and their whole early game strategy was about helping the braum survive. They then won with roaming thresh+braum making it so Kog never ever died. It's also important to note that Braum was like 20 cs behind the enemy jungler at every point in the game.
1	If they just tell you and dont interfere heavily - be happy. I've lived in depressed state for as long as I remmember myself. And PC-internet really helped me a lot in surviving trough this and making friends. But one time parents went "hurr durr PC ruins your life" and denied me of it. So in the end I had to combat depression almost alone.
1	Did you read the post or just the
1	Pinky-Q, Ring Finger-W, Middle Finger-E, Index-R, I press A with my ring, B with my thumb, I press all of the numbers with my middle and ring fingers.
0	Where are you get your information? Typically the interest rate is based on credit, insurance rates are much more tied to crime in the area. There are also laws that protect "keeping money in white neighborhoods." Please read the Community Reinvestment Act or any of the other countless laws on the subject.   If a bank was doing this their customers would sue them. Or the Federal Reserve could take their license away. Its that serious, banks are overly cautious with this stuff for fear of losing their license to do  any  business in a certain state.   And lastly, it is illegal for Realtors to do what you said. What easier way to make money than to sue a realtor that took you out for the day and only showed you homes in traditionally black or white neighborhoods. If you say "I want to live in X neighborhood" that is one thing. But no, a realtor is not going to risk their license to achieve some master segregation plan they are all secretly colluding on.   Please post something to substantiate any of the claims you made. What you are suggesting violates several federal and state laws, they include civil penalties (grounds to sue) and up to and including a bank losing its license. I know people have been known to break the law in the past, but to even consider anything you said as being partially true you need to substantiate it.
1	Cut regi some slack please. He might seem unreasonable in some arguments but he lives for his team. He takes all the shit for the team and is the shotcaller. Responsibility in- and outside the team. Thats a hard load to carry.   Im sure there are a lot of friendly moments within the team gamecrib does not show. 2 Arguments in 2 Weeks isnt that much (hey, maybe its more but who knows) and as long as tsm get their performance back in shape, its all good.   Every1 in the team is having a tough time with the recent losses, so obv they are tense and irritable.
1	The goal of that hypothetical scenario was that it was a perfect mirror match, totally even in skill / gold / team composition / etc, so it goes without saying that both teams were evenly pushed. Eventually a turret will fall.   Something will eventually tilt the scales in one direction, it's going to happen eventually since the game is a single state 'win' or 'loss'. Someone's got to win.   My point is that when it comes down to the wire, and there's something that shifts balance in the game -- do you want it to be a nudge, or do you want to be a huge swing in 'advantage' or 'pressure' or 'outcome'? Do you want that hypothetical game 5 of a Bo5 between your two favorite teams to end with a strategic bang? Or do you want it to end with one team pushing the other's base methodically after taking down an inhibitor ten minutes prior, never giving up the lead due to the advantages an inhibitor falling grant the aggressor team?   As it stands, inhibitors falling are  HUGE  power spikes that are near-unstoppable. I believe LoL would be a far more competitive and interesting game if inhibitors falling were a serious problem to be strategically dealt with, but not something that would effectively end the game right then and there.
0	Reminds me of a funny story with my mom.  I was like 12 at the time and we were at a boat ramp area near the coast so there are tons of seagulls like always.  As we were heading out and going towards the road a seagull was just walking along in front of us.  My mom stopped the car hoping it would move along and I told her to just go cause it would fly away like they always do.  Well at the slow pace of like 3 miles per hour my mom proceeds and runs right over the damn thing, its like it had just given up on life and decided we were his best chance at getting taken out.  I looked back and we had one wing still flapping and I just told her to not look and just go.  I must tease her about that at least a couple times a year still, she felt so bad.
0	There are some fucked up people out there. A friend's girlfriend prohibited him getting braces (his teeth are really fucked up) because "he only wanted to look better for all the whores out there" (that's literal, my friend had her on speaker when she said this). She was mad when he got a job because "he was going to see all the whores that work there". Hell she even gave him her car so he wouldn't "see all the whores in the street".
0	Story time:  One day I was on my way to work on the campus of a major university enjoying the sunshine.  I come upon a stop sign, stop, look around, and continue my journey.  As I'm crossing the intersection a wild bicyclist appears and smashes into the right side of my car at an alarmingly high rate of speed.  He goes flying over my hood and lands hard on the pavement.  He was obviously and avid cyclist as he was wearing the full Tour de France uniform with the universities logo all over it.  He jumps to his feet starts and screaming "Share the road! Share the road!"  He then proceeds to phone the authorities claiming he got "ran over" by a car.  In an amazingly short 2-3 minutes the police show up and he starts ranting and raving that I ran a stop sign and struck him.  The cop looks at me and raises his eyebrows in an invitation to tell my side of the story. I inform him I stopped at the sign, checked the road was clear, and proceeded through when Mr. Armstrong, through his own fault, ran a foul of my front quarter panel.  Now Mr. Armstrong would have none of this and said, in what I assume he thought was a normal tone of voice, "I want him arrested and made an example of." I do not jest, he actually said those words aloud, in public. By this time there was a crowd of people watching the spectacle and as he said this a quite beautiful student shouted from the crowd, "You ran into him you moron. He did nothing wrong."  Others in the crowd then chime in saying they witnessed the incident as well and that it was Mr. Armstrong at fault.  The officer inspects the damage to my gorgeous '97 Subaru Outback then the damage to the fiery steed of a bastard and begins writing Mr. Armstrong a ticket for failure to yield at a crosswalk, running a stop sign, and causing an accident.  He tells me to make sure I keep a copy of the incident report for when or if I take him to court.  I decided against the hassle of legal proceedings and insurance companies and just had a friend repair the damage to my chariot for a nominal fee.  The moral of this story: if you ride a bicycle obey the fucking rules of the road.  My car is bigger and it can hurt or even kill you.  That's why we all have to obey the laws when driving/riding.   And do you know what happened to that quite beautiful student and I, nothing.  I'm a tall skinny nerd but if she is reading this, thank you so much for speaking up.  I'm not sure anyone else would have if you didn't get the ball rolling.
1	One day, a wee little yordle was walking in the forest when he stumbled upon a group of colorful mushrooms. He had been walking for many miles, and had been wishing he could eat some hot poro soup they had been serving the night before at the scouts convention in downtown Bandle City. Feeling his tummy rumble, he ate the whole lot of mushrooms.   Later that day he and his pet racoon, Rengar, were sparring on the commons of Bandle City when he felt a weird sensation. It started at the base of his little toe, and proceeded to climb up his torso, until he felt like his head was on fire.   That night, the tribesyordles of Bandle held a ceremony for their fallen comrade Captain Teemo. Tristana knelt over Teemo's corpse and wept, gnar jumped on top of and around Teemo's corpse and sang old tribal songs, and Lulu whispered magical words over his body late into the night.   The next morning, the yordles of Bandle City awoke to a guttural scream. They walked out into the morning sun to see the terror that lulu had created that past night.
1	There's at least one D5 player with mid plat mmr who's name I have memorized who will afk split push all fucking game if he gets mad for any fucking reason. Fuck that guy, he's ruined like five of my games, one of them being my fifth fucking promotion series into plat 2.   And there's  another  D5 player who I've played with three times, who once afk'd as support ten minutes one game, then died like eight times in lane another, and the third game he got his friend to intentionally throw the match.   And the worst thing about plat and higher is you start getting matched with the same players over and over again, so some people will troll you just because you were that 0/3 caitlyn from three matches ago.
0	This is something I've realized has to do with maturity. I went into accounting. Did I want to at the time? No, but I realized I was almost guaranteed a full time position out of school if I kept my GPA up and networked. Eventually, I realized that I actually DO like accounting and there are many many things I can do with my major. It's all paid off now that I have a full time under my belt.
1	Kassadin doesn't win most lanes because he either gets outpushed and outfarmed and as a result often even gets outroamed and then there's also the issue of strong MR item options like Athene's and Abyssal which shut down his damage.
0	Story time:   One year for Christmas, when I was about 16,  my mother set out out a basket shaped much like you would imagine a treasure chest to look like. It sat out under the tree for at least three weeks before Christmas Eve, when we open our presents. This mystery package had no name on it. My brothers and I all hoped it was for ourselves but we had no way of knowing. It finally came time to open present but she still wouldn't tell us who it was for until after all of the other presents. Finally, the time came, all the presents had been opened excepted for the mysterious locked treasure chest. My mom announces it was for me and hand me the key! I could see the jealousy in both my brothers eyes and this point I was just happy that the mystery gift was mine. I fumbled around unlocking the paddle lock to find 100 pairs of fresh white shin high socks, straight out of the package.  It was by far the best gift I have ever received. I didn't wear a used sock for 100 days and I felt like a king.
1	If you see 1v5 fight and he is guaranteed kill for enemy... for god sakes don't go to save him and then die with him. Well you get the point.
1	She's viable mid top and support, don't even think about AD or jungle, her clears are really crap in the jungle and the itemization required for her to be useful at all just makes the jungle hard for her to clear, other AD carries are just better, just buy Sivir or Ashe if you want to AD, they're cheap and great! I recommend trying her top bruiser, she actually does really well against some champions, she does well against Darius and Singed for example! Mid is more of a fun pick tbh, she gets outshined there too but going AP lulu can be fun at times!
0	See, I disagree.   I am one of those rare guys that "has ever had a meaningful relationship with a woman." At least, it was meaningful to me. I could easily have seen myself marrying this girl (I'm not calling her a woman for a reason), but she didn't think I was as important as messing around with other guys and "playing the field," if you will.   But that's not what angers me. That was legitimate, as she (as far as I know) abstained from that until we broke up. No, what got me was that she lied to me about how she felt up until the very end. She would blame stupid shit on everyone but herself, and then keep making the same selfish decisions. And I was supposed to be okay with it because she said "I love you" once in a while.   When she left, she did it over the phone. She was sighing and huffing any time I tried to talk. She generally treated me like a worthless child. And it was that moment that I found out that she was just as immature as I could imagine. Since then, I've turned around my outlook on her. I wouldn't go back to her if she begged. And these memes (although I'm not the biggest fan of them) sometimes do ring true about this particular ex of mine - even though I loved her with every ounce of my being while we were together.   I respect your opposition of treating women like whores in general. I agree with it. But until you've been in a situation that truly fucks up your ideal of love and women - and perhaps does so literally overnight - you are overstepping your bounds in proclaiming what adult men "should" and "shouldn't" do.
1	The thing is the DDoS is hitting datacenters. This means it can affect all ISPs equally. Changing ISP or adding more servers WILL NOT fix the problem.   This is what is hitting riot.
0	Sigh...   Grant owned slaves. Lee owned slaves (although hated the Idea), Lincoln's "Emancipation" didn't "free" anyone (read more into it and the South could keep their Slaves if they rejoined the Union), Lincoln was a racist (read his deportation speeches) and thought that slaves SHOULD be shipped back to Nigeria (and actually the ones that were shipped back slaved the locals. Talk about Irony.) MANY blacks fought for the Confederacy with the agreement for their freedom (which they got) and blacks experienced MORE racism from the North than they did in the south.   There are lots of things that you could read up on and the "Stars and Bars" (as mentioned) is a battle flag and not the flag of the CSA.   As a Southerner of Virginia, I can't drive less than 5 minutes without seeing one. And it's a matter of pride. Your logic that flying this flag means that anyone who does is a racist and bigot is just as stupid as saying that I think that people who fly the Irish flag are drunks who fight.   I think you should get out more OP and brush up on your American history. Slavery was also at the time legal in the North and there were slave owners there as well. The south was more threatened by industrialization and states rights. What tipped into war was when Lincoln took office. But there were MANY other issues at play BEFORE Slavery ever took hold. It was a PR stunt (that paid off well for Lincoln) to gather support but it wasn't something really anyone in the Union (the whole USA) really gave a rats ass about.   Again, brush up on history.
1	Gear can also make the difference.   I was Ryze mid, and they came out with a Leblanc. I just knew I was about to get assassination by her combo every time it was available.   At 3 she got a kill with the help of jungle. At 6 she got her own kill. At 7 we both killed each other as she got cocky and initiated by my tower, and I managed to get my rune prison on her + q + tower hits, so we both died.   I came back with negatron, and rushed BV immediately after tear and the next fight I won, albeit on about 8 health.   They had a Vlad top, and I was still scaling damage from stacking my tear up so I went whole hog on the MR. Got another negatron and turned it into an AS before going to my normal items.   We won the game quite easily.   A dodgy start (from which quite a few teams might have really laid into me but these didn't for some nice reason!) led to me dominating mid game being almost impervious to both Le-blanc and Vlad and our bot having won their lane too.   Champ countering exists - but with runes, masteries, gear, skill, and team comp all playing a part of the result, it's by no means the biggest deal!
1	What about the Q, make it reduce armor or some sh*t ashe is so weak against the tank meta. I was playing against a maphite he was feeding and I was still just only tickling his booty. Rito PLS
1	I need Rito to change Janna's mana costs early game. At level 3 when you have your Q, W and E you waste more than half of your mana if you get a gank and you need to defend your carry with a complete rotation of your spells. Her Q does no damage but it's so important to defend against a Leona, Thresh, etc. So basically she gets punished by doing her job, which is disengaging. I don't have mana issues with her because I run a freaking 5.5 mana regen setup through a rune page, plus the extra mana regen from masteries and ancient coin. It's sad that I have to use so many runes to achieve this but it's the only way I can survive against a very aggressive bot lane team. If they have a Leona, and they push us to our tower and I have no mana left then we are going to die. And the reason why it's sad that I have to spend so many slots for mana regen is because we all know how squishy Janna is. I could give her HP and extra armour instead.   I want to leave clear that I don't go around using my spells to poke or harrass the opponent because that's really a waste of mana and it even puts you in danger of getting picked out of positions, and with that low AP ratios it makes no sense to think that you can chunk your enemy's HP with your spells. I just float around the lane to give presence and use my skills accordingly to avoid my ADC to get killed, and if we are actually the bullies then I try to set up a kill, but this is so dangerous for Janna if we get ganked. You're basically holding onto your spells just in case that happens or also, if your jungler ganks bot lane so you can set up a kill or two for your team.   If I play against a Janna, who normally doesn't have as much mana regen as I do, and I'm an all in support like Leona, I just jump on them all the time to empty Janna's mana pool, since all the damage I'll be getting will be from minions and the ADC. Janna has no damage. Her Q costs 90 mana on level one and has a fairly long CD. They don't want you to spam it but it's okay that when you do have to use it it literally drains your mana? I just don't think those numbers are right. Either I use the shield offensively, for when my ADC wants to make a trade, or defensively for when they are about to get hit and I need to absorb some damage. But at level 1 the shield is not that relevant and you do need to prioritize it most of the time, which greatly increases its cost and then we get back to the same issue. I don't mind not dominating with AP Sup Janna anymore, since I'm all for utility and helping my team, but if the enemy knows what they are doing they can easily lock bot lane down by exploiting this weakness. I just can't make the same arguments about other supports. I have 3 mana regen on Lulu though masteries, same with Zyra, because it really isn't a priority for her and on Nami I have half the amount of mana regen as I have on Janna and it's more than enough to constantly use her spells for disengaging, poking, etc.
0	People seek personal gratification, so only looking at the surface of these types of things makes it seem appealing. When people really get to understand what the psychological and physiological impacts of something so disastrous are, most people are turned off by the idea. It comes, likely, from a need to feel important or independent in this day and age. Those who have no current goals within reach of achieving are probably more likely to lust after something like this.   A while back, before I was close to my dream, I was looking for gratification and importance through different means. For some it's video games, and for others it's through coming up with fantasies. Some people are able to take that, and create something out of those desires (Like a game developer, a musician, or a writer), but for the rest of us they just become something to entertain us.
1	I dont like the idea to let the projectile pass through but what about changing the direction of the ult? (inb4 Friendly yasuo killed me)   Or imagin that: The windwall looks like its pushing the projectile UP so make it goes up for a while, let it travel lets say 500 range and then goes down again and travel on its normal. So the windwall will protect only the people near the windwall.
0	As much as there is likely another side of the story (long day, OP's haircut/voice is stupid, whatever else we cannot possibly know at this time that set off the cashier) it does seem to break one of the rules of the service industry, and that is be nice to the customer. Now having worked retail for <insert time spent in retail here> I can definitely say it isn't easy to keep at it all the time, especially when a customer is legitimately annoying or abusive, but given what was stated by the OP, and assuming OP is not an abusive asshat, or being deliberately annoying the cashier is definitely out of line, I have seen regulars, some I like, some I'd rather not see again (he doesn't seem to shower... why doesn't he shower... why is he standing next to me) but you grin through it anyway.
1	Champions cost between 260 and 975 RP (excluding sales) so a $25 card buys about 3 - 4 champions. Alternatively, RP can be used to buy skins which cost between 390 and 3250 (again, excluding sales) so that $25 card will likely buy between 2 and 5 skins. Also, as we head into the Christmas season, Riot is going to be releasing a number of holiday skins for a limited time that will probably go for between 520 and 975 so your $25 gift card would buy two of the 975 skins and one 520 which is probably about half of what they will release.   It isn't a huge amount of points but it will get him a good selection of nice shiny new things to play with. I have spent quite a lot of cash on this game and if someone gave me one of those cards, I would be really happy, I can only imagine that someone who spends very little cash would be even happier. You could maybe stretch it to $50 (2*$25 cards) but that would be the absolute upper limit of what I feel would make an acceptable gift without it being overboard.
1	Hi, I am BenYOmin. Currently diamond 2 aiming for master/challenger this season.   I started playing ranked mid season 2 I was around the Elo of brons 3 in 50 games.   Season 3.  I was placed in brons 2 and peaked at silver 3 but ended in Silver 4 +~-50 games   Season 4. This was the season where everything changed for me, I played 100 games in preseason to get my MMR higher and i got placed in Gold 5. I was incredibly happy an I realized that I can get higher if I play to improve. I played 350 games that season with a 70% winrate, I screwed up 16 promos but in the end I peaked at D3 but ended D4   Season 5. I was really exited for my diamond border and I got que'ed up in my promos with ex- challengers and masters. Played 20 games the first 2 days of season 5  and got placed in plat 1 and the day after I reached diamond 5. 30 games later I was diamond 2 with masters twinkling in my eyes.
0	Lol screaming parents are the best. I was in a modern warfare 2 game a couple of months after it first came out and everyone was aware of "No Russian" So this mom comes on after hearing some guys and I in the lobby chirping her son (who had been calling everyone fags, cunts, pussy's but suddenly stopped when his mom came in.) so she puts on his mike and starts yelling at us telling us we should be ashamed of ourselves blah blah blah. Now believe me when I tell you that everyone in this game went after this mom asking her what kind of a terrible parent she is letting her son play a game like this, asking her if she was cooking meth and thats why she didnt know about the game being so violent. anyway this went on for like an hour before she rage quit haha.
1	If you're really fed, what you can do for your team is to ward their jungle and keep split pushing. If you feel like you can't do anything mid or at dragon fights just keep pushing and force their jungler and mid top to relieve pressure off other lanes. If they don't go top to help their top laner, take their inhibitor turret.
0	Yeah I know right? I used to be in a similar situation in IT (intern). If I got a call a minute before the end of my day, I was expected to pick it up and finish the call. If I was lucky it took 15 minutes. Sometimes that took a hour and a half. If I was really, really unlucky and it was big issue, it took HOURS! And I won't be happy about it. And this happened almost every day.   But you know what? I FUCKING DID MY JOB FOR MY TINY WAGE AND NO OVERTIME. I DID NOT BLAME THE POOR FUCK WHO JUST WANTED HIS SYSTEM WORKING AGAIN.   You want to fix this shit in your restaurant. Get a bunch of servers and cooks together (do not do this alone you stupid fuck), walk up management or write them a fucking letter saying they need to close the doors before they close the kitchen. Or overtime for staying later. And make sure that they never learn who's idea this shit was.   Wait a fucking minute: workforce banding together to overcome "bad" working conditions? Man that sounds like a great idea. Maybe I should come up with a name for this... this UNION of workers.
1	I went straight into ranked the same day I hit 30, was a very bad idea but It helped me alot, I felt like I was learning the game alot faster than playing normals so I managed to get from Unranked to Plat in my first season (this season). I do recommend playing a shitton of normals though and advancing your champion pool to about 3 champions per role.   Another thing I done was just play broken champions, that were OP in the current meta, it's scumbaggy and people will say "Nice one just playing FOTM champs" but who cares at the end of the day, you gain LP & you have fun.
0	Not me, but a friend of mine [F] was dating a guy (lets call him bob) who ended up proposing to her before leaving to Japan. ( he is in the navy).   Well she cheated on him with a lot of guys and she made it seem like they had broken up so i did not think anything of it. Later Bob comes home and after meeting up with her, i guess he checked her phone or something so he calls me up and asks me if she has cheated on him. i told him the truth but i also told him that i had no idea they were still together.   so she threatens to kill herself if he leaves her. he ends up leaving her and than all hell breaks lose. she calls him saying she is going to swallow a lot of pills and he'll never find her. he got me involved and i had to get her dad involved and let him know what happened. we find her at a park and dumb butt tried to take vitamins and i think advil.   they never got back together but her parents didnt know what to think so they admitted her to the loony bin for about a week or two.   sorry for the grammar
0	This clearly is an unpopular opinion.  I am a former artisan barista who makes his own concoctions on a regular basis so I have a good perspective on the issue.   While the service and establishment cost justifies what you're paying (with understood markup) that is no excuse not to learn how to do a better job yourself with better beans and, beyond that, experiment to learn how to do it... perfectly.   If you want it done right, and done cheap, do it yourself.   Allowances are made for travelers and special circumstances, but as a daily routine, you're spending more time picking up your drink than I spend making mine.   This is true of a million other things from oil changes to guitar polishing to brown-bagging it every day.  I don't want to buy food when I can make better food myself for less...
0	can confirm.   i have an uncle that's always been a bit off, but just chalked it up to the way he was.   my SO met him for the first time and asked me what was wrong with him, autism or something mild.   that day, it all made sense.
1	Well. Due to Koreas laws on gaming for people 18 years or younger. Every account made on the Korean server requires a Social Security number of sorts. The idea being that if you're younger than 18 and use your code that it would lock you out after per say 12am. It's a strange place over there I'll tell you what.
1	I am not sure if korean teams have problems closing games against stall teams after the meta ruled out that possibility. Let me point out Frost v. EG in IEM World Championships as an example:     EG makes picks good for stall like anivia   Frost sends their bottom duo to mid, gives blue to gragas (a pick that can displace=force people to get caught out) for 1v2 lane   Shen jungle is picked by cloudtemplar to put global pressure   EG fails to react to the objective control brought on by shen's global presence and gragas' ability to separate and pick off key members, and loses the game hard very quickly.     GPM will not drop, because stall comps simply aren't viable if the opponents know what they are doing. SKT T1 #2 is also better at closing games than frost (as seen in their games against blaze in OGN) so I doubt that european teams will be able to stall against them. On the other hand, every european team except gambit and fnatic have problems closing games against teams (needless to say, NA teams all have this problem in varying degrees). It is also worthy of note that gambit and fnatic are both susceptible to this mid lane swap brought on by the chinese and top korean teams at the moment, since darien/soaz are comparably weaker than most top korean and chinese top laners. Bottom lane duos are generally stronger across the board, and barring diamond, the junglers in EU/NA are unexceptional in objective control and map pressure with more than 1 champion.   Unless the western meta updates itself to dynamic lane swaps shown in asia, they will 100% fail to stall assuming equal or higher skill of the opponents (e.g. SKT T1 #2, iG, KTB, Blaze, WE, Frost)
1	I see that you state the numbers are made up. This is quite true, to illustrate, 37 armor doesn't block 37% physical damage much the same way that 100 armor doesn't block 100% of physical damage. If you want a number to go off of, 25 armor reduces physical damage by 20%.   Rammus has 300 armor. That is not a 93% reduction.  1378 armor is what is required for a ~93% reduction.   I understand that you are trying to explain how the formulas work, but with such a small disclaimer at the bottom, I don't want people to take your numbers to heart and wonder why they are still dying. It would take you not but a few moments to plug in actual numbers, since the math is out there already.
1	I main Orianna just because, after trying a few games with her, I found that her play style just "clicked" with me.  If a champion's play style does that with you, you normally find yourself  wanting  to play them as often as possible.   That being said, I enjoy variety as much as anybody, I switch heroes almost every game. But whenever I'm on a losing streak, I go to my good old Orianna.  I probably have over 250 games with her now, just because I have fun playing her, win or lose.   That being said, a friend of mine (who has played even longer than me) has yet to "main a hero."  It's just not what he does.  He plays a different hero every game.
1	You raised a good point and in my opinion, disrespect is something that needs to go. Pro level or not. My reasoning is this, imagine if you're the one dishing out the disrespect, sure it's fun and people love it isn't it. Put yourself on the other side and look at things. You're losing, frustrated and in short, stressed ( which I think is even more so true in important games such as LCS). How would you feel if someone disrespected you at this point. Of course there are situations where disrespect is fun for both parties,  but as far as I'm aware it's not fun in general for the disrespected
1	On top of playing vs smurfs, the overall system of leveling up has so many flaws, the ability to receive tier 3 runes until 20 makes it completely not worth to purchase tier 1 or 2 runes. Along with it, the amount of IP gain is so little, making it practically impossible to purchase multiple champions over 3150 along with purchasing a full rune set at 20. And the last flaw would be the extreme length of time it requires to finally reach level 30, in WoW, someone can easily reach level 90 within the span of 2 weeks. however 2 weeks in LoL playing every day would probably get you to 15 max.
1	I live in Texas and average around 80~ ping, but then i switched over to Latin America North servers and average 50~ ping. The reason being that NA servers are in California, which is 2200~ miles away, while the LAN servers are in Miami, which is 1100~ miles away.   So try making a new account on LAN servers and if you prefer the ping there and don't mind everyone speaking spanish transfer your main account there!   P.S. I am currently on vacation in a country that is, by region, in the EUNE servers and get like 60-90 ping average, but I decided to make an account in the Turkey servers and average 50~ ping and 60~ in EuW.
0	Hey, 20 y.o., 5'6" and currently 261 lb. Let me preface this long post by saying that I'm on my phone and my fat little fingers sometimes make typos. Now before we dive into your personal problems, let me tell you that this opinion isn't quite as unpopular as you would think. Aside from many obese people knowing that they are obese, we already get shamed on a daily basis. It's already difficult enough to go out to buy clothes, knowing that you need to look for it even ask an employee for a shirt in size XXL or XXXL. It's even worse when you go into a small store and need to squeeze by people, or that you need to wait for people to move on before you can walk past the aisle. Obviously 261 lb. is not nightmarishly overweight, and I've lost somewhere around 10 lb. since new years, but people like you are one of the many reasons obese people tend to stay obese. Until new years, whenever I went to a gym or went running, there would be a healthnut lifter looking me over, chuckling and shaking his head. Do you believe that that is the kind of environment for an already unmotivated and self-conscious person to be bettering themselves in? If anything, I'd dare say that obese people are judged more than smokers or any of the other people we 'judge' in out society. The reason behind this is, as some of my fellow redditors mentioned below, that obese people cannot hide what they are ashamed of. Now, obviously we shouldn't encourage fat people to continue their lifestyle. But we also shouldn't shame them. Hell, we shouldn't shame anyone. I think that shaming in itself is a disgusting habit that shows a great lack of good character. Before you judge someone, maybe you should sit back and consider your own life.   Edit:
1	OP is pretending that EU fans are so sensitive that they can't handle TSM trashtalking them.   What's actually happening is that TSM thrashtalked EU, it blew up in their face, so now EU is thrashtalking TSM back and TSM is crying about it. EU handled TSM thrashtalk just fine (nobody cried about TSM's "Fnatic will crash and burn" pre-MSI); it's TSM fans who are bitchy and whiny because they're getting some revenge thrashtalk.
1	if his name was coincidentally the same, that would be fine but the problem is he knowingly took the name and knew that there was someone out there who was famous in the game design community that used the name. He also took the name knowing that other people would recognize the name and found amusement in their reactions.   If he had a unique name since beta that  HE MADE UP  then I would be totally against riot changing his name. If the story was even one of coincidence where the OP just so happened to name himself Ghostcrawler, then I would be against it.   However OP stole a name (and i use that lightly because people steal names all the time) of a  game developer  and used the name knowing full well the status of the original owner of the handle and now that the game developer has joined the community leadership the original owner wants it back. I see nothing wrong with this. If the OP had have chosen a unique name the chances of this happening would be astronomical.   Had the OP picked a unique name instead of taking one, then I would have no problem with joining the fight against the name change, but this is just Murphy's Law; OP took a name of a person and never thought that the person would join Riot. With the act of taking Ghostcrawler's name, the OP bet that Ghostcrawler would never go to Riot and lost that bet. If anything this is a tragic comedy.   Also I don't claim to have talked to the REAL Ghostcrawler about this but here is a guy who has worked to make the handle Ghostcrawler recognizable. This handle is part of his  career  and a symbol of his hard work.   Here is a guy (the OP) who (for all I know) liked the name/person-behind-the-name and took it for their own to play League of Legends with and has been using it for a while.   As far as I'm concerned the OP has no claim to the name because any money he has put into the name is still intact considering Riot didn't ban the account.
1	That's assuming the game ever gets past 20 minutes and people don't rage!surrender or the mid doesn't feed or... As a support main I'm completely aware of Janna's strategies, but with the AP scaling changes, now it's more difficult to build her with any kind of survivability. Her heals on the ult are less influential and really all her ult now is a glorified re-positioning device. She's also slower due to the removal of the global passive and the changes to her W. The base slow was ALSO reduced so her escape/peel mechanisms are also less effective.   She didn't need a nerf. Playing her was already risky enough - her speed and her strong slows / disrupts were what made her viable. Now all the opposing carry/support has to do is focus me, and leave my ADC completely vulnerable.   In comparison, I can play as Sona, have speed boosts, heals and massive movement/slow disrupts with her ult and Powerchord'd E. She does the exact same job and isn't nearly as fragile or as much of a target. Taric has the same story. My games with Sona/Taric tend to hover around 1/4/17 as an average, which I think is pretty alright.   Janna's strength was in her insane movement speed, which was nerfed, and her stuns/disrupts, which were also nerfed. Now if I give her a classic support build, her shields barely block any damage.   I've only been playing since August, so I'm still trying to crawl my way out of Bronze (I made ranked about three weeks ago). If you have a responsible, safe carry who does his job, doesn't take unnecessary risks and focuses on objectives rather than insanely chasing down kills, yes, Janna is still an alright pick. However, if you get the crowd of "jungle/top isn't open guess I'll adc even though I don't understand or know the mechanics of the role" (which is 90% of the time), then playing Janna is asking to get focused and destroyed and with the changes to her kit, there's really fuckall she can do about it if she gets focused. Therefore, playing a tankier or punchier support (Taric, Sona, fuck it, even Annie) will make my life supporting suicidal idiots easier.
1	Bad supports are horrible to lane with but a win is doable from a adc point of view. The other way not so much.  I am just a gold pleb support but I can still play reasonably well against a bad matchup. From experience I saw that even if I play really poor, that one magic ability I land towards end game can win us the game, although a adc that's doing really poorly can not have that one magical ability at the right time and win because adc's need to do what they are intended to do: kill shit from the back line.   They depend too much on items and positioning to be a workable factor even when behind with a average team, where as supports don't rely that much on items (2 of them pretty much) and positioning is a smaller requirement when all you have to do is just hit a skill or two to win that team fight.   I know people will come and say "as a support you should focus on peeling or assisting the guy who's carrying you, not the adc who went 420yolomode in lane and lost it", that's the most logical thing anyone would do but what happens when there isn't that one guy who could carry with my assist?
1	Yeah, serious. Faker isn't in ogn, nor is he going to participate in worlds. Stop the circlejerk around faker and move on. Faker won't reach success again unless he leaves SKT T1 K. So we're going to praise froggen and dade right now.
1	Plat 3 here, i'd say no, but you need a plan. Having a tank is having a frontline, and having a frontline is cool for zoning peel and positionning, so basicly for taking/defending objectives. It's easy to play around a tank, not having one can make game harder to read. But it's doable.   Yesterday had a game where i had the last pick support. We had rengar jungle, riven top, fizz mid. They had garen, amumu, ahri, jinx and thresh. We last picked sivir and soraka and we wrecked them. We had no tanks yes, bit we avoided every fight where a tank was needed, and only took quick squirmishes where we could get in get out quickly. I made talisman and glory, to get super fast engages and disengages.   Without gameplan, our comp would have been wrecked. But playing full mobility assassins made mumu thresh garen pointless, they couldn't peel enough against such mobility, and my soraka silenced escapes and healed from the backline....
1	I used to play Veigar before so my point is: the recent "fix" (fix because it should be intended to work that way anyway) is good because I hate it for the 100th time that a random champ with a random dash abilities just jump out of my cage, even worse yet, they come right at me with murder intention. If they flashed, i would feel better because at least I take away their Flash which has a relatively long cd. But no, random dash can just do the job effectively and ruined my day.
0	Depends on the shape but in general I think trimmed bush is neat, makes you look like a grown up woman -which is a turn on for me. In my head it's a sign for "bang me like one".
1	Not an Edward fanboy, but one score doesn't really prove much,especially when considering a support player in a losing team.   I give you that his level of play is mediocre lately,indeed, but Genja doing nothing at all and Diamond picking every jungler out there while not managing to get a single lane going isn't helping.
1	No time to read.
0	I think the fact I'm being upvoted while you're being downvoted shows that other members of the current discussion disagree with you on what the topic of the discussion is.
1	I'm under the impression that Riot controls for these false reports. The same way that they weight the value of Honors based on different variables, they probably weigh the values of reports based on how often the plaintiff report people, how often the plaintiff is reported, or how many people the plaintiff reports when they do report people.   They might not, but Riot is actually pretty forward thinking when it comes to correcting for false data.
1	It's less to do with the Yordles (or Meglings) than it has to do with Noxus. Their pride is in their strength. If anybody remembers, the League of Legends was created to stop war ruining Runeterra. City-States like Demacia and Noxus solved their conflict through matches within the League, thus preserving the environment and quite a few lives.   This means that Noxus chooses who will represent Noxus, and they would simply never choose a Yordle. Not even a mercenary if one existed. Even Ziggs, if you ignore the fact that he attacked a Noxian prison to free (insert Yordle professor, maybe Heimerdinger?) And you have a potentially destructive Yordle that earns no favor in Noxus because their goal isn't wanton destruction.
0	The bipar-tea-san trade agreement of 1869 forbids all tea based taxation (tree oils and the iced variety being a notable exception). However, since the introduction of Starbucks to the high street, this tax exemption has extended to all manner of coffees, smoothies and drinking chocolates.
1	I won't say that TF is bad, but as a first pick in solo queue he most definitely is. Every time I encounter a first pick TF, I pick Ahri and destroy it (for example: diamond 2 TF vs me, a plat 1 ahri:   this was also a close game - at one point we lost an inhibitor even). If you have a champion you really enjoy go ahead and play it, but have some consideration for your team - ask if you can pick them something they want and swap, so that you can have more information when you go to pick him, etc. Furthermore, ranked is not a place for people to try something new, it is a place for people to try their best to win.
0	My mother could have abused me to no end but losing her still would have made the empty hole I feel today without her.   This is one thing that I will never understand. If a mother abuses her child and pretty much ruins his childhood why would she deserve his love?  My mother have done a lot of fucked up things to especially me but my brothers as well. She left me many miles away from home when I was 12 with nothing in my pockets and I had to hitchhike with strangers to get home. She basically brain washed me to thinking that my dad is a monster. And she told me I was fat all my childhood which caused me to suffer anorexia nervosa for over 3 years and she blamed it on my older brother for being a vegetarian. She threw me out so many times that lost count and she was violent.  I'm sure that she is mentally ill (although she would never admit it or even agree to see a doctor) but she knew what she was doing. Whenever someone outside of the family was around she would act like the most loving mother ever and it made me sick.   I moved far away from my family at 17 (I am now 19) and even though I miss the rest of my family, I've never felt this free. There are many times that I cry in my bed, calling out for "mama" meaning the mother that I feel is missing from my life but I know that she will never come.   Just because you brought a child to this world does not mean that they should love you no matter what. Act like a loving mother and you will get that love. When I tell people about her almost everyone will respond "But she's still your mother so you must love her, right?" No. Why would I have any positive feelings towards anyone who fucked me up like she did, mother or not?   Sorry about the novel but that really offended me so I wanted to share my story.
0	I only slightly agree with you. You don't want to let your own flesh and blood die without helping him. Let him stay and eat but give him conditions: he has to get a job, and he has to give you all his money he earns so you can manage it for him, and give him a 9pm curfew, and any other rules you can think of. If he fails at any of these one time, he's out on the street, no questions asked. You gave him the chance, and he failed.
0	Seems like no one here has thick skin. Go ahead and downvote me but it is a little ridiculous. Being middle eastern and going to school in South Carolina, I get called terrorist all time it doesn't bother me, I have been called every name under the sun but I keep pushing on. Before people know what my cultural background it is they call me Mexican, I have had hispanic people speak Spanish to me and that doesn't insult me. People call each other stupid all the time and what happens, they man up and learn to roll with the punches or laugh along with the joke. Do I believe that using gay as stupid is ok, no, it isn't, but I do it, it is a force of habit. I don't hate gay people either, they are awesome to hang out with but they know that I am not insulting them when I say something along those terms. People call each other pussy all the time and no one cares. The point is this phase will die out. Eventually when homosexuality is accepted in 99% of homes it will end, but tell me how many of you say retarded instead of stupid or lame. There is no reason to be a little girl about every single insult you ever hear, just don't be an asshole, if it bothers the company you are with or others around you, acknowledge it and stop, realize you are being an absolute ass and insulting people's feelings, but if it doesn't hurt anyone then why be such a prick about it?   Edit: I love that this guy's friend is cool enough to not let a stupid word get under his skin, good for your buddy /u/Morocco_Llama
0	What? That's absurd. What kind of problems can be solved by talking? It's literally just pushing air past your windpipe. What they need is an ass-whooping, just like the kind they gave you when you misbehaved.
1	You know today wasn't a complete loss for Cloud9, they should at least be able to take away that a win is possible vs SKT.   If the team that played yesterday was the same, confident team that competed in the LCS, they might have been able to pull out a victory. C9 is a much better team than they give themselves credit for. Not saying they will ALWAYS dominate, but instead they would stand a chance on the worlds stage.
1	As of now, I do not see any reason to like the current 5v5 system. The current LP system is made with solo queue in mind. In order to grind your way to where your team is supposed to be around, all 5 of you need to be on at the same time and play at the same time in order to gain minuscule amounts of LP.   That is assuming you get placed in a decent league. If people lose their placements, they just keep remaking the team in the end because it is much easier to place into a much higher league than to grind for the next day with 5 people just for half the result.   Bo3 series would definitely be something to consider, perhaps winning/losing with people around the same team mmr to give/lose extremely large amounts of LP. The only problem is the Bo3 would be a complete stomp for the most part. Usually, teams are matched with players of big differences in skill (I had a team that was doing really well and placed into Gold I, but we as soon as we hit the promos, because we were on a streak, we faced 3 challenger teams and lost).
1	This "first armor is more effective" thing is a myth. Damage is worked out as this (100/100+armor)  AD Basically what this means is for every 1 point of armor you have effectively 1% more HP called effective health. So if you have 1000 hp and 150 armor your opponent will need to do 2500 worth of physical damage to you.  The reason why this misconception arises is that the more armor you buy the less % reduction it says you have 1% reduction at 1 armor but only 50% at 200. You can think of it like this; Lets consider you have 1000 hp and an enemy has 100 AD how many auto attacks will it take to kill you at different armor levels. At 0 armor - (100/100+0)   100. 100 Damage per hit (from the formula above)  It will take 10 shots to kill you. At 50 armor - (100/100+50)   100. 66.6 Damage per hit It will take 15 shots to kill you At 100 armor - (100/100+100)   100. 50 Damage per hit  It will take 20 shots to kill you. As you can see the difference between 100 and 66 LOOKS bigger than 66 and 50. But each 50 armor adds 5 shots of durability.
1	ahah yeah we arent looking for like an Xpecial type of player, we are looking for typically people around our ranks, bronze and silver who know their stuff but are just stuck in a lower league. lol but to finish so this isn't
1	Leona in lane hits 3 powerspikes at levels 2, 3, and 6.   For the first spike, what this means is you need to hard push your lane and hit level 2 earlier than leona does. If she zenith/stuns you while you're only level 1, it will at the very least, burn you through your pots, and then she's just going to all in you again once off cd.   If you hit level 2 first, try and all in her. If you at least burn leona or her ADC down to half health and keep them there, she definitely won't go in on you before she has shield, and even when she gets it, she'll still play passive until it's stronger when she hits levels 4-5.   If both lanes are relatively equal, you need to keep her bush warded starting the minion before she hits 3 so you can keep an eye on her. A full QWE combo out of the bush with an ADC that can proc all 3 passives could probably kill you, or send you out of lane and start it snowballing away from you.   Understand that leona is all-in with 0 sustain. That's it. Which means if she can't all in you because she's or her ADC are lower in health, abuse them and don't give them time to recover. In line with that, If leona  does  all in you, watch how many of her passives the opposing ADC procs. If they're synced enough that they pop all three, GTFO. If the ADC is late following up and only one gets popped, Switch the aggression around. Those passive procs account for a bit of leonas threat, and if the ADC misses 2/3 of them, thats 70-100 damage they missed out on. Now, if you and your supp go ham on the other adc since leona no longer has any peel or burst, you may actually come out ahead. Just remember, leona's combo is ~10s cd. If you're still skirmishing when that comes off, it will turn the fight back around.   Be aware, if you're in range to AA Leona (unless cait/kog/trist), she can probably get a zenith blade off onto you. Its best to harass her with skillshots if you can, and only with AA's with your supports skills off CD in case she all-ins you.   When Leona hits 6, she  will  go all in on you. Do not stay in lane without your support. Do not count on your tower saving you. Giving up some CS/XP/Tower to wait for jungle/support so you don't die is far better than giving up all 3 + a kill. The Range on her ult is approximately 3/4 of a screen away, so even if you think you're safe, you're probably not. At 6, If you can see her on your screen, she's a threat.   Ultimately though, Leona isn't countered by ADC's. The other support is what shuts down Leona. I climbed from low silver to Gold 1 (Plat soon, hopefully) on leona's back, and the only time I really had problems was seeing a Janna or Ali on the other team. A good Janna will ruin Leona's world, and I mean shit all over it like a puppy with diarrhea. Ali will make Leona second-guess every all in since she requires her adc to follow up. An Ali headbutting away the enemy adc when Leona goes in just leaves a stuck Leona getting beaten in the face.   After Lane phase is over, you need to make Banshee's Veil a priority. I  will  aim for you with R. If I hit it, the team is coming for you. Know that.   And this is just advice for all champs in general, but if leona is behind, she has a really hard time catching up. If she can't survive going all in, then most of her usefulness to the team if negated.
0	I know that feel. My one legged ex used that as an excuse every time she did something I got mad at her for. Just break down and say she was stressed about her health. Finally, we were vacationing in the mountains and I received a random call from a dude who said she had been dating him all along, and i was the other guy. She of course had the same excuse. She was just a shitty person and there is no excuse for that. I checked into my own hotel room and left her there in the morning, about eight hours from where we lived with no ride.
1	Shy, AZF vs the world
0	My brother and his wife gave their son the talk but it didn't do any good.   He acted "innocent and naive" all while having unprotected sex w/his gf. At the time he was 17 and she was 15.   Now they're a year older and have a child on the way- neither one need this. Who is footing the bill? Parents. I'm just pissed because they considered themselves married and didn't need to worry about pregnancy after dating for 3/mo.   So unfortunately I now have a grand-nephew on the way in October. Fabulous.
0	Yes no yes no.. Lol.. The money also included 6 hours travel, room and board etc.. He was very good, we got some great shots, but it took 6 mo to get our pictures, we paid extra for a very expensive leather bound book, there were several pages of people with their eyes closed. He felt so bad that it took so long he gave us all proofs of engagement and wedding for free usually they'd be $300 for each set, 1300 pics total including a lot of duplicated edited photos...
1	If you think skilled-based gameplays are boring, you should really watch Navi.Dendi play.   And do not think you can just go "yes, I'm highly skilled, I can pick any hero and outplay them". The job of drafting, ganking, warding, initiations, laning, moving around the map is highly taxing on the players.   For example, The Alliance won this year's TI3, they are strategically solid and executes their plan perfectly. Navi that came second is also solid, but the star is undeniably Dendi. The things this guy can do will boggle your mind (if you delve deeper in Dota).   I'm playing both game extensively and follow both professional scene, and I can honestly say that its not that strategy is not important in Dota, its that most player are not skilled enough to make strategy matters. Can't even bloody last hit and deny, stun-stacking unnecessarily, overextending, stupid itemization, etc.   I've played all position in both games, and have had experience in captaining/drafting, and it's just much easier in LoL in that you don't need to worry about skill level too much. In Dota you do not have that luxury. Every single detail matters. That's why it is more deliberate and slow-paced. Definitely a more cerebral game.   Honestly, LoL is much more fun and accessible. But Dota 2 will always hold a special place in my heart, and its fun to go in and conduct a "symphony of skill" play with your team once in a while.
1	Not meaning to be a dick here but this is already Ro8 so...   Now on a serious note, I think the best solution would be merge both teams to make a really competitive one and another who could work as a nice sparring while developing new talent.   My best guess would be keeping Shy as top lane and Flame to mid (several times has been stated that he wrecks Ambition there) I've been liking Daydream so he should be in jungle. With both Madlife and Space on bot lane. While many show no respect for Space I find him to be the most consistent player on Frost (even more than our beloved GodLife). That team would wreck many teams, the thing is that SKT T1 K and KT Rolster Bullets are way beyond the other teams, the champion of Winter should be the winner of that semi, anything else would be an upset.
1	Also, as a support there isn't much you can personally do as an individual to stop an Olaf other than trying to grab his attention and direct him towards you as a freebie to pick up, allowing time for your team to take a 4v4 against theirs without their major anti-carry involved. If they don't even want to fight, it still gives them room to try to recover and defend under a turret with his ult down.
1	What I, personally, am getting from this is that Maokai had a huge lead because he got his own two buffs, and eve's blue, but essentially squandered it away in buying items that didn't put him ahead.   He then wasted time trying to gank lanes where success was a minimal percentage at best, instead of trying to help out bot lane where he had the best opportunity to successfully use his advantage. All of this collaborated in the enemy bot lane winning lane, eve catching back up, and them losing the game.
1	Riven, on paper, is one of the most OP heroes in the game right now. Period. Analyze those numbers, no one can match her damage output. It's frankly retarded.   1)"she cannot deal any damage"- that is patently false. Read her abilities. Her AD scaling is retarded, on everything..   2)"Q deals less damage than 3 autoattacks"-This one is actually true, yet false at the same time. You use Broken Wings for the passive stacks, and the knockup, not the damage. Because, frankly, her passive is fucking OP. While yes, Q doesn't do a lot of damage on its own, if you play Riven correctly, the passive damage needs to be considered, because it's where a lot of Riven's damage comes from.   3)"bad ult, cannot use it at the start of teamfight to maximize damage from other abilities"- This is wrong. I ALWAYS pop my ult as soon as a fight starts. I play her kind of like an assassin. I pop ult, pop ghostblade, then dive the person who needs to die. They die, every time, along with a lot of collateral damage because Riven is an AOE MACHINE. You pop ult (which gives you crazy bonus AD), and it makes all of your abilities (including your passive) stronger, and then you have 15 seconds to use Wind Slash. 15 seconds is a LONG TIME. Most times, I find my combo kills who I want to die without my ult. But hey, it's there if you need it.   Riven's jungle is strong, but I honestly don't feel it's the best place for her. She scales so well with items that I would honestly run her top before jungle, if I had the choice. Her lane is pretty strong (no resource harass meets no sustain to meet for a decent top lane, especially once you get wriggle's).
1	In low elo, mechanics dont mean too much.. If you start maining Vayne now, and play a lot of games (+300), you'll play Vayne very well, get fed a lot, maybe even carry yourself out of bronze.   The plays you saw by Gragas and Riven, i.e Riven nearly made a comeback on the third try, despite being very well kited and was condenmned at a good moment, she was 1 autoattack of killing vayne, are not gonna happen in Bronze 2 - so you don't need to kite like that in the video, you just need basic kite skills to 1v1 a bronze player.   Gragas did one shot combos, which maybe is possible in bronze, but not as smooth, fast or non-predictable as in the video - his skillshots are hard to hit for a bronze player etc.   What i'm trying to say - you can't play Vayne at an insane high level like in this video - when no one else in bronze is playing at that level. Do you think the Vayne in the video kites bronze players like that? No. Because they aren't as good as the Riven or the Gragas player in the video, it isn't needed, they miss their riven stuns, their ults, Gragas players fails to do a oneshot combo and knocks the player unintentionally away etc..
1	Can't agree enough. LoL is becoming one of the most anti-noob games. I wouldn't be able to start playing this game now.   Its pathetic, people are smurfing so that they can own new players, and then they rage at the new players for being new..   Also, nothing pisses me off more than the report function. At the end of every game (Sometimes not even the end), people always have to say "Everyone report X." It's very annoying, and the people saying it are hypocrites. You want to report someone for calling you a retard when you called someone else a retard 10 games ago? Seriously?   Regardless of all that though, I dont think there should even be a report function. It's an online video game, you should be able to say whatever you want to someone. If they're raging at you, then mute them. It's really that simple. Starcraft and Diablo 2 didn't have report functions (Well they kind of did, but it was a lot of work, and probably wouldn't get the person banned so no one used it) and everyone was far better mannered in those games.   Btw, I've never been banned, but I see people on forums complaining about being unfairly banned, and when I look at their tribunal case I agree with them; they really didn't deserve to be banned.
1	All I can really say here is you sound like a pathetic little child lmao. You realize you never had to spend a dime on this game, right? Crying about your own decisions is one of the saddest things I've ever seen. Also, have you tried to balance that many champions/roles/items etc? No... so how could you have any idea how difficult it is?
1	I never take personal shots, but I most definitely rub in victories. I try and win the mental game in League by trying to put my enemies in tilt through the occasional sarcastic comment like "nice gank" after a botched gank or "easy lane easy game" after a kill. It's up to their teammates to support them and tell them that I'm just an idiot, but that's far too uncommon, and that is the real problem I believe.
1	The thing you have to remember is, HP isn't the only thing good against burst. Think about it like this.   HP helps you against burst, but doesn't increase the value of your ult's healing, and doesn't make you last much longer in the long term.   Magic res/armor ALSO help you against burst (Though not against true damage), and increase the value of your ult's healing.   RoA makes you tanky, it just doesn't make you as tanky as a zhonya's or abyssal scepter.   And no, he  can  be with his dots. You're missing the point. Even if the damage doesn't go off instantly, you hit QWE and you've done the damage to him. You can back off, he's going to take most of that damage. You can kill people in one combo. Just because the damage model of his abilities doesn't turn up in half a second, doesn't mean he isn't effectively putting that damage on them in half a second! He is very much a burst mage!   His ult is great, but you can't just build around that, and if you  are  building around that,  HP is even worse! As noted, with all the healing from your ult, armor/MR will do WAY more to keep you alive than HP will. If anything, your argument about "surviving burst" favours a burst mage far more than a sustained AP bruiser; you don't need to survive burst as sustained bruiser, you need to be able to last a while in a fight.   I would say rylai's, while decent, is just not as good as all the other options. You already have a slow on your Q, your W is an immobilise, and you're not using your E on people that aren't going to get hit by those as well. It can be nice with your ult, sure, but is it worth getting rylai's just for the ult? Especially when it gives HP, which, as discussed, is a poor defensive stat when you have shittons of healing?   Honestly, give what I'm suggesting a shot. Because 20-30 mins into game, ignite/burst isn't going to kill you any harder with a zhonya's or abyssal than it would with a roa.   I can tell you that you very much can rush zhonya's on swain - You said yousrelf your E does "enough damage", it sure as hell doesn't do any less with a zhonya's than it does with a roa. Vulnerable? Not really. You're still going to be able to heal up with your ult. Or you could rush abyssal, at mid, and be  far  tankier against your enemy than with roa.   Honestly, with tear or chalice, you can pretty much sit with your ult up most of a teamfight and not go oom. So why get roa for mana? You're paying for a stat you don't need (mana), a stat you already have plenty of (health sustain), a stat that is inferior to others (HP).
0	Yeah I did too, I thought it was really well done. As a sci-fi movie it was an interesting story, I mean it was long, and drawn out. But regardless I found it to be one of the few newer Sci-Fi movies that didn't throw constant screen shaking action & CG-I in my face. I felt it was tastefully done, and I even enjoyed both of the lead characters. I felt they acted quite well and their characters were believable. I honestly enjoyed the movie. I was surprised at the end when I noticed it was an M Night Shamalamadingdong flick, but I got it afterwards and noticed how much of his style the movie had. I have no problem with his style though. I don't really get the hate on him, and honestly don't get the hate on Will Smith's kid. He wasn't a bad actor, I guess people hated the character he played. I dunno
0	I was on a military deployment, at the end a friend of mine was trying to sell his dvd player for 20 dollars, and his TV for 40, both were worth half again that much. My friend had to leave on a jet later that day. This one guy said he was interested in them, then at the last moment offered 10 dollars, and 20 dolalrs for the DVD player/TV player respectively. My friend took a sledge hammer and crushed the DVD player so he could watch the little pieces go flying.
0	I used to be a cashier and an old man shook my hand after I gave him his change. It caught me off guard, and when I saw a middle-aged woman reaching for a reciept on the counter I recognized what I thought was the "I want to shake your hand" body language from earlier. For some reason after she dodged my outstretched hand and we both realized what was taking place I grabbed her hand anyway and shook it. I guess I was trying to cover it up or something. God it was so awkward.
0	My post might be a bit blunt, but I could only write so much in the form of a meme.  The idea I'm trying to get across (and apparently I wasn't doing so hot) is that if a person is stupid enough to allow their child to DIE rather than swallow their pride and seek medical help, there's probably many, many things wrong with them besides that one mistake.
1	True this. But pinging assists 4 times when there's no hot situation but normal laning is only gonna make me look there, I forget to think about what I was just thinking about, miss a good gank opportunity or don't see some wards that get placed because I am looking whats going on there incase I need to move my ass. I wish I could ignore pings from people who do that and still listen to the other pings.  Now I just sometimes do Gromp while my team fights 2v3 in the River while I could actually do something.
0	Here is an actually unpopular opinion:   Integrity in combination with anti-war becomes anti-military. I think the actions of most militaries in all recent confrontations have been despicable. The cost of War is enormous and the misery caused is horrifying. Military actions are taken way too lightly in the public eye and murder should be taken as seriously in combat as it is in day to day life. If, like me, you see these actions as amoral then any soldier carrying out these actions is also to blame. I fully understand the position these soldiers are in and the completely unfair circumstance they face once they are in a position where they are ordered to act immorally however I don't think that position is an excuse to simply carry out orders.   Everyone in the military knows that they may be placed in an impossible situation where they have a choice to either act immorally or support others acting that way and they still went ahead and joined the military. They CHOSE to be in that position so the actions and consequences are still on their heads. It is not enough to simply say "I was following orders" when it comes to murdering innocent people which is fairly unforgivable in every context.   We all have the capacity to put aside our ethics however this is not something that I think can be condoned. The whole is comprised of the individuals. These individuals have committed or supported heinous acts and they should be seen by society as guilty of the crimes that have  committed.
0	8 years ago.  Bike was stolen by a kid in the neighborhood.  Found bike 4 months later stripped and left in alleyway.  2 years later kid gets killed after running from police in stolen truck and pulling a gun on them.  All over the news.  I smile.
1	farm farm farm  in lane just use Q to farm(reset auto attack) and sometimes poke when the enemy is getting too close.  get an early vamp scepter.  sustain their poke, always farm never die huehuehue   only fight for objectives.  sometimes when you make sure you are not gonna come coutnerjungle as 5 they just dont do it at all and stop getting killed like retards.
1	Guardian angels win games, especially if you're already winning. I do honestly think it's too good for what it does and how it builds.   Need some MR? build a mantle then finish up your GA later. Need armor? Chain vest op, build GA later.   My problem isn't with GA itself, it's just how it builds and how much resist you can pull out of it with the basic parts of it before you even have the finished product.   Also another huge problem with GA is that if more than 1 person on your team gets it and gets it reasonably quickly it's pretty much a free team fight won. (we're talking basic level players here 1600 elo and below) then just stall out if you lose your GA's for 5 mins and repeat it, if you're taking objectives like baron and dragon off of these fights it's even worse.   Pretty much GA should not be able to be purchased before the 35 min point of the game. I have seriously carried games that were almost a certain loss and would of been had it not been for me and 1 other person rushing GA other than damage. Duo queue with a friend? Rush 2 Ga's when you're losing and see what happens. I'm not saying you'll win, but it will give you a HUGE chance of a come back if you're team fighting because most players at lower levels don't understand how to reserve themselves, they'll go all in and waste all their stuff downing your GA's/trying to win the fight.
1	although i may be a rare case, i do get flamed at quite often for being a smurf on my level 16 account because i rage at people for not doing things that are very simple like freezing the lane and farming, although this is my main account. I do enjoy having smurfs in my team, even if they rage, because at least what they are saying holds value and they are actually helping the team win instead of simply complaining that the jungler or players nearby that doesnt save you and blame your death on them when it is your fault in the first place for running across half the map for that kill
1	Begin by watching streams from pros or other top streamers when you have nothing else to do. Honestly it was the biggest way I learned to ward, when to ward, jungler paths, how likely am I to be ganked, when to push, when to freeze, etc. Obviously, you won't and shouldn't learn all the details of the game as you are so new to it, but watching is the one of the better ways to learn.   Another method of learning is just playing normals. It sounds kind of stupid, but its really the best way. If you lose lane, or make a mistake, you won't have to worry about losing lp or anything, and you can focus on why you made that mistake and how to fix it.   Don't focus on getting kills as much as I am being led to believe you are. Kills do not win this game. Objectives, gold, and well timed kills do. If you can zone your lane opponent from farming without dying to the jungler ganks, you are winning lane. Kills will happen once you better understand the damage, strengths, and weaknesses of a champion and its matchup. Also keeping timers of dragon (6 min respawn) and baron (7 min respawn) when you have the time slain is a basic skill you can easily do. It'll also help your team be more objective based as well.
1	you can't sit there and say EU is better than NA based on old tournaments. Times change, teams change. Look at Fnatic, looked amazing for the first few weeks. They look like shit now."   You must have been asleep the last week, which is fine, but if you were, dont try to give any reasonable insight into the pro- scene.   Fantic just LAST WEEK got 2nd place at the IEM world championships and therefore finished as the best western team (once again). They did beat C9, the only north american team who even performed somewhat decent internationally in recent history.   Despite being somewhat big mouthed (dyrus at worlds for instance) TSM has been doing absolutely atrocious in international competitions. They were the Nr.2 team in one of the weakest regions so far. They look significantly stronger now than they did before, but why? Because this guy called bjergsen absolutely hard carries at least 80% of their games.   Now, while Bjergsen is without a doubt a fantastic player, he was by FAR not as dominant back when he was in the EU LCS. Sometimes he won his lane, sometimes he lost it, sometimes he went even. Basically, he was pretty much in the middle of the pack. Which is great, he is one of europes best midlaners, but you cant compare "being one the best of a role" to "absolutely stomping your opponent in 90% of the games and making them look like a gold ranked player at best".   "Europe is streaky as shit" same argument that people made last season because europe's LCS was so close, and people make the same mistake yet again. They assume that its because the top teams are so inconsistent, when its just the simple fact that the EU LCS is more competitive than NA's.   CLG? They havent proven anything but being a top 3 team in one of the weakest regions there is. Everyone is talking about them being a world class team with dexter on board, when they got shitstomped by EU's last place team with exactly the same lineup.
0	That is to much of a generalization. You make it sound like it is all about knowing your place. In reality it is all about networking. Are we nicer to people we think can help us? Sure, but that is just good business. I still have friends that are not "beneficial" to me from an economic standpoint. In the end regardless of anybody's opinion on fraternities and Greek life as a whole, it is hard to argue with results. Tons of upper level jobs are filled with Greeks. Mostly do to this networking that is preached to us. If a fraternity guy was mean chalk it up to either them personally being a jerk or not liking you. Also you might have said something anti-Greek. I would need more facts.
1	I got banned in the middle of a placement match at the beginning of this season. Got caught purchasing account referrals as I had spent 54$ on the boost recieving 17k rp, 35k ip, Grey WW and Medieval Twitch (the rewards for recruiting 100 friends to level 10). A group of my friends and I were caught, banned for 2000+ years but riot was forgiving, deciding to just take all of the things we gained away and then some (removing skins, champs, etc.).
0	Seeing this is making me livid. My ex girlfriend of two years did this with all her boyfriends. Bitch lied to me when we broke up too, saying no one else was involved. 4 months later, she emails me this sappy shit saying how she was glad we met and wanted to be friends and all his stuff. Decide to check her Facebook out.   She got in a new relationship THE MOTHER FUCKING DAY SHE DUMPED ME. Fucking cunt. I had never been filled with such rage. I told her that morally, I could not communicate with a human being who was a pathological liar (white lies the entire relationship, had some big lies too. Would lie about what she was doing) ad someone who treats me with no respect as a human. I promptly told her to fuck off, never contact me again, and then blocked her.   My life is so much better now. Fuck the girl you know from work. If you know her boyfriend, tell him. He'll thank you down the road for the info.
0	Heroes aren't born. The Military does a damn fine job of bringing it out in some people though. You still have your scumbags. Some even go back to old lazy ways right after training. Shammers. But all in all, whether you joined for guts, glory or gold... it SHOULD make you better person (if you let it). Now combat is another animal. Some come back missing parts. Some come back forever changed (not always in a good way). Some don't come back. It's the sacrifice that you've made, or at least  are putting yourself out there willing TO make, that matters most. If you spend your time behind a desk or a rifle... if you break yourself daily or just stand in the background... whether you wanted to or not, you did so for your country. I joined because I wasn't making a difference and I wanted to be a credit to my country. Not the whole damn country... But the parts and people I know and love. While I don't hold the ones who kind of float by doing the minimum in the same regard as the warriors who came home with new parts... I still hold them in higher regard then the ones who never even tried.
1	Cry and hope it will all work out.   In all seriousness: AD caster are very hard to deal with as kassadin. Zed, Kha'Zix being the most popular ones I'll explain these two matchups a bit.   Against Zed he'll try to harass you and might all in you at lvl 2, especially when he cheesed his lvl 2. Be aware of that and rather miss some cs earlier instead of dying to this. Go armor runes, if needed even 21 in defense and start cloth armor. Get your Seekers ASAP if you're lossing lane, if not delay is as long as you can so you can get your core (tear, roa). Zed can't really all in you at level 6 when you're fast on the fingers. If he ults you - silence him, riftwalk away.   Overall keep farming, watch out for jungle ganks and try to shut him down when used his W to harass you, if needed with jungle help.   For Kha'Zix that shit is tough, real tough. He basicly does exactly what you want to stop people from, bursting in a matter of a second before you actually silence. The same as above applies for Kha aswell, he will all in you at levle 2, avoid that by either pushing early or staying defensive and silence him when he hits 2.   Other than that, play it defensive aswell. One big thing you will need to realize tho, is that he won't do anything after he just jumped on you to harass you. He got his comb off, he wants to back off now. Slow him, activate W( W empowered AAs actually deal craploads of dmg) and silence him when his Q is about to come back up so he can't trade back again.   Since you mentioned Talon aswell. Talon is literally shitting on Kassadin. Play def, run 21 defensive, ask for ganks when he hits 6 you gotta hope you're tanky enough to survive his burst so you and your jungler can bring him down.
1	Lets say I que up to play lux mid and the players I'm matched with are based heavily on engage, can I switch to playing a champ with better synergy like Orianna or am I stuck with Lux?
